The worker moved it an inch closer. I turned back to my brother and he said, “Closer.”
Stay present in the present
Ryoji Akiyama (1 gelatin silver print, 1970)
Besides that, I feel like I’ve been going through emotional highs and lows; it’s really annoying. Or I get into a mood where it’s like… flatlining, I suppose. Currently, I’m at the low end of the emotional spectrum. It’s not like I suffer from clinical depression – well, that I know of. Nor am I bipolar, my moods are rather stable (unless it’s that time of the month, then they are pretty wild due to hormones). Logically, I think I feel this way simply due to my inability to get hired for a job, and graduating and possibly not continuing with college after this summer.
Study finds a new study of fetal exposure to BPA, a plastic additive found in some food packaging, particularly certain types of plastic bottles used for personal care and drinks; it shows that the chemical altered the mammary gland development in monkeys. The researchers reported that the changes they observed in the monkeys reinforce concerns that BPA – bisphenol A – could contribute to breast cancer in women. (Phthalates also are in these bottles with the same effects and also found in shampoos formulas and others for cleansing and skin care too, according to Tom Mower Sisel Int.)
The Alzheimer’s Association’s “Just for Kids” page includes information which helps kids and teens who have family members with Alzheimer’s understand the disease, as well as resources for parents and educators. Information is provided via videos, articles, and an interactive tour.
The above Post-Post-Script may or may NOT be an exercise in wishful thinking.
One year, after the Easter Bunny had come and gone, my daughter and I walked outside in the
The location? Her sister’s huge 15 acre East Arlington property! It was like a fairground! A tent for food, a beer garden, a large tent for dining, a stage for the wedding party, game areas, parking attendants,
Pour 2 cups of water in a sauce pan, and add 1/2 teaspoon of salt. Heat the salt and water mixture over medium low heat.
I said that I wasn't going to read it.
Catarina, on the opposite side of the Panamerican Highway, and a short walk uphill from San Juan de Oriente's potter's row, is home to several tiny restaurants and juice stands leading toward El Mirador, or "The Lookout." From this impressive vista one looks due east over the crater lake Laguna de Apoyo, beyond which sits Granada and then Lake Nicaragua. To the south, as if adding some sprinkles to the top of the scenic cake, sits the majestic Mombacho Volcano.
See, here's ceramic Lady, toting around her succulents as usual but standing on top of a Holiday Entertaining book as well as her usual Design*Sponge at Home and In Style Weddings. Also, notice the stockings hung with care back there... and there are lights and greenery on the mantle. Doesn't that count for something?!?
I LOVE chocolate! Any kind, I do not discriminate!
This thaw is only one sign of the changing season. The first one, for me, was not visual but aural. Three days after Valentine’s Day, I heard a piercing whistle over the castle rooftops: the oyster catchers have returned. They always come back here to breed around Valentine’s Day, and that first shriek as they wheel over the grounds never fails to thrill the heart. More than anything else, it signifies for me the coming of spring. More subtle over the past week has been the gradual increase in other birdsong. In a moment of stillness a few days ago, I became aware of a bird singing – not just chirping, but singing – outside the kitchen window. It sounded like the first tentative notes of May’s dawn chorus, heard drowsily before first light, except that this was a mid-afternoon in February. It was, I suppose, the first tentative notes of the chorus of the year. On every walk now, I am aware of the voices of birds punctuating the woods. They are still sparse enough to be picked out individually: it’s not yet the flood of sound of true spring. But this liquid grace is such a blessing, after the months of silence but for the squabbling of crows and the rusty machinery clatter of pheasants.
17 Birdsong – Sebastian Faulks*
Yes! A great place for a retreat. When I arrived to my charming little bedroom, I thought she had turned on a fan, knowing that I like white noise. I looked at the fan, the fan was off. Then I glanced toward the window…what I heard, was the rushing water of the river. How cool IS That!
“The Singer 911 is no mere imitation, clone or retro-hot rod, but a re-interpretation and rebirth of the early performance-focused 911’s. The new vehicle is the result of a fusion between the purity of the original 911 and modern materials, design, and updated technologies, and aftermarket experience into a unique sports car that recaptures the essence of the early 911’s golden age.The Singer 911 capitalizes on the 40 years of solutions and enhancements that have resulted from the racing aftermarket’s embracing the original 911. Borrowing the best elements from the air/oil cooled 911’s long production span such as the “chic” of the long hood pre-’74 race specials, and the engineering durability of the later cars from the 80’s and 90’s, Singer Vehicle Design capitalizes
I am overwhelmed by the prospect of changing our diet, where should I begin?
"Put on the whole armor of God, that you may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil. For we do not wrestle against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this age, against spiritual hosts of wickedness in the heavenly places. Therefore take up the whole armor of God, that you may be able to withstand in the evil day, and having done all, to stand. Stand therefore, having girded your waist with truth, having put on the breastplate of righteousness, and having shod your feet with the preparation of the gospel of peace; above all, taking the shield of faith with which you will be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked one. And take the helmet of Salvation, and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God; praying always with all prayer and supplication in the Spirit, being watchful to this end with all perseverance and supplication for all the saints."
So after all that agonising, this is what makes the Top Ten from people who commented on my original blog. Some of you might think it rocks harder than my original selection. I wouldn’t deny it. There is so much to choose!
So electric is fantastic? Recent figures suggest that only 1,000 car buyers claimed the grant for electric cars last year, but it looks like the grant for the vans, when combined with affordable vehicles, could make you think twice.
Food Security: Increases food security by making fresh food available in the inner city.
4. Microwave until soft.
Make a paste out of the all the ingredients listed under the marinade section.
3 The last item is a Reed Diffuser that says "A Mothers first gift is life, the second is love & the third is Understanding" - this item can be used as a reed diffuser to make the house smell good or I like it on the side of my tub with bubble bath in it!!!
i was so happy with yesterday's eighty-something-degree weather, let me tell you. every single window in this house was open from morning 'til bedtime.
(b) The IMF’s $500bn input was positioned as being all for Italy, but then got partially siphoned off to buy up the remaining eurobank bad debt.
I selected and edited all the pieces in the anthology, contributing several pieces of my own as well. Many of the original illustrations done for the book are based on photos I took during my whiskey-related travels.
knotted string - 2 colors
The girls cheer for her
Did I tell you? Brian will be home tomorrow. Brian will be home tomorrow!
While I don’t think we need to give up at every sign of conflict, surrender can be an effective tool when prayer doesn’t yield an answer or when an issue is at a point where there seems to be no other resolution. Surrender gives us rest and peace. When we surrender our rights, we put our full trust in God for the results. Even better, we know that even if the situation may not work out exactly as planned, God can make good come out of a bad situation and even bless us from another direction.
If it’s not and I’m still bored I’ll drink – kills two birds with one stone: I’ll stop wanting to eat and I’ll entertain myself.
Thank You for your kind comments yesterday!
Solving bus. & Tech. problems independently, creating innovative solutions Required 12 Years 3 – Expert
2. Designing and making a crochet table set for a wedding, including some simple napkin rings a bride could make herself
But I’m still here… in spite of the imminent threat of that difficult LDR. In spite having every single thing on my facebook scrutinized, analyzed and over analyzed significantly more in the past few days, I am still here. Though it’s sad that forming friendship with this good people can’t seem to be possible for now, I’m still here. It’s sad that I am prejudged because of the circumstances I’m in and not for my true character. And what’s sadder is that I can’t really do anything about it. I’ll just stand here, close my eyes and take the tomatoes they throw at me. Not to play the victim part. But because this is the least I could do to be there for you. I am in no position to meddle. I’ll just be here, waiting as patiently as I could for the dust to settle down.
In 2003, for example, the Harvard University staff and student body rejected a chair in Islamic studies from Abu Dhabi's Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al-Nahyan on the grounds of anti-Semitism and well-documented human rights abuses in the UAE, including the use of child slaves as camel jockeys. Similarly, in 2007 the University of Connecticut pulled out of a relationship with Dubai for much the same reasons.
Bad: I am going to exercise more.
By physically and associatively rejecting these vices; insisting upon playing all ages shows and keeping their art free of any externally managed commerce, Fugazi not only set themselves their own standards for their fans to identify with but also set themselves apart from their adulterated contemporaries. Their necessity to play all ages shows meant they were able to connect with young crowds in a way that was verging on educational, giving them role models to form their own groups.
When to me it could be forever
I categorize the different areas of my life into Life Areas. In her book, Time Management from the Inside Out, Julie Morgenstern suggests different ways of categorizing the areas of your life, and one of her suggestions is that there shouldn’t be too many categories. After a lot of experimenting, I’ve come up with eight categories that seem to work well for me. I have a logic behind these eight categories. They are as follows: Body, Mind, Emotions, Spirit, Career, Finances, Social, and Relationships.
The highest score went to Brazil (50.4%), followed by Mexico (47.8%), Australia (46.3%), the U.S. (44.6%), Canada (43.8%) and New Zealand (43.7%). At the bottom were Pakistan (27.3%), Indonesia (27.7%), Vietnam (31.8%), South Africa (34%) and Morocco (34.4%). While all the scores were low, countries at the top generally are regarded as having the strongest financial education policies, especially Australia, Canada, New Zealand and the U.S. So perhaps there has been some payoff.
Again, we are out rescuing junk from a fate that none of us want to think about, the scrap iron pile, or a burn pile. Check out the pile of great drawer fronts with little cast iron pulls on them. Does anyone have any great ideas for these jewels?
BROOKLYN, N.Y.—A bout of sickness over the past weekend laid me low—or, at least, low enough that I didn't feel much energy in constructing my latest artistic consumption log even during the sick day I took from work on Monday. (I'm better, if not completely 100%, now, for those who were concerned; I'm assuming it was just a bad cold.)
-Chicken breast/steak/tornado’s etc with sauted broccoli and carrots, or a stir fry of mainly veg and chicken. I do cook up some carbs (rice, pasta etc) for the rest of the family, and if I do decide to have some I have very little.
WHEN YOU LOVE A WOMAN
Olivier Gourmet, The Son
Plain cream card - from The PaperMill
"Women who are of 'fairy-like' character especially attract such anima projections, because men can attribute almost anything to a creature who is so fascinatingly vague, and can thus proceed to weave
16. Skin in the wind (02:01)
then come back here and post what you have learned
My dad, who always seemed to be either reading a newspaper or sitting downstairs in his garage where he didn’t have to face the rolling pin woman, knew what I was up to. He left to go show a house, as he was a realtor, but when he returned, he put his finger up to his mouth and handed me a bottle of Lemon Up. Yay, Dad. It wasn’t Breck shampoo, but it also wasn’t Head and Shoulders. I was a happy camper. Maybe the Lemon Up would help my split ends problem.
I need to find a better way to pain management. Or something. I need to find out if I can take NSAIDs with my methotrexate. Because if I can take that I would much rather take that than Tylenol (which does nothing and chews up my liver) because NSAIDs can work for me from time to time. Like take enough of the pain away to make it tolerable. I need to find out why I’m not supposed to.
During the difficult period awaiting accession to the throne, the flute-playing Frederick was bullied and imprisoned by his frankly philistine, Calvinist father, Frederick William I, who for good measure also had one of his son’s friends (possibly his lover) executed in front of him. Frederick nevertheless managed to maintain his musical interests alongside the military preparations that eventually won the approval of Frederick William. Johann Joachim Quantz acted as flute teacher, whilst Frederick in 1735 lured from Dresden Carl Heinrich Graun as chief of his musicians in Ruppin. On moving residence to Rheinsberg, near Potsdam, the following year, the Crown Prince was accompanied not only by Graun, but also his brother, Johann Gottlieb, another alumnus of the Kreuzschule, as well as musicians such as Franz and Johann Benda. Johann Gottlieb would be made first concertmaster of the Berlin Opera, whilst Carl Heinrich – hereafter ‘Graun’ – became King Frederick’s first Kapellmeister. In addition to Voltaire, visitors to Rheinsberg included French men of letters such as Fontenelle and Maupertuis, as well as Francesco Algarotti, philosopher, art critic, friend to Tiepolo, and soon-to-be Count and Chamberlain under the new, Frederician regime. (Algarotti’s 1755 Essay on the Opera would prove an important influence upon the reforms of Gluck and Calzabigi.)
It's totally common sense. When I nannied toddlers, I stood beside them or hugged them when they had a melt-down. I understood that 'tantrums' were their way of coping with pent up frustrations. I knew they needed the tantrum to release. But I had somehow managed to break that connection for babies. I just saw babies as vulnerable and totally dependent on us and therefore needed soothing always.
An effective way to do this is to do an analysis of the time you spend on certain projects, and what those projects bring in compared to what expenses you have to lay out for them.
Thread the cubes onto a metal skewer, brush with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Place the skewer around the edge of the fire and turn it frequently until soft all the way through. This will take at least an hour and be careful not to let them burn.
(side note: as I began writing this, Hall and Oates’s “Private Eyes” came on my Pandora station – “watching you watching you watching you…” – a sign from above through yacht rock)
1 both--are
Atlus has given us some good shit. Etrian Odyssey. Persona. Shin Megami Tensei. I enjoy all the stuff they release, no exception given here. Like all Atlus releases, it's a different kind of RPG that deviates from the norm in a good way. First of all, the battles are side-scrolling action segments similar to early "Tales" games. Second, you don't buy any weapons or armor in either of the games, you make your own weapons and accessories which dictate your attack defense etc. Third, it's a weird game with a lot of bizarre characters and odd dialogue. The characters are all very anime-like, covering a lot of stereotypes, but still being likable without resorting to being overly "deep." Both games suffer from being on the short side (around 20 hours or so), but they make up for it by having a lot of extra content after beating the game.
It’s possible that the voice is authentic because I work with children all the time but like I said earlier I think I just sort of have that voice inside me. Maybe it’s because those years were so intense - both in an exciting and traumatic way. As far as my own children go, my eldest son has read everything I’ve written as I’ve gone along and he gives me amazing feedback (not always complimentary) but I do trust his judgment.
Unfortunately for me, the urine sample didn’t come back clear so I got shoved in another exam room to wait for the doc but they never told me what was wrong! I could only think of worse case scenarios (leaking amniotic fluid, baby is dying, etc). Thankfully, it was just a UTI so I was given a prescription for antibiotics and walked out the door. I was wondering why I had to go to the bathroom more often than during the first trimester when BBQ was sitting on my bladder. Now I have an answer!
Mona - White Size 6
A book suggestion. If you've never heard of the Zapatista Movement, or never heard of Subcomandate Marcos, who is the unofficial herald of the Zapatista Movement, take a few hours and pore over Our Word is Our Weapon, a selection of writings from the charismatic and enigmatic figure in the fight for indigenous rights in Mexico.
Today marks the 50th anniversary of the start of the chemical warfare program in Vietnam without sufficient remedial action by the U.S. government. One of the most shameful legacies of the Vietnam War, Agent Orange continues to poison Vietnam and the people exposed to the chemicals, as well as their offspring. H.R. 2634, the Victims of Agent Orange Relief Act of 2011, which California Congressman Bob Filner just introduced in the House, would provide crucial assistance for social and health services to Vietnamese, Vietnamese-American, and U.S. victims of Agent Orange.
I am entering my card into the following challenges :
open door neighbourhood kid,
Dancing Lessons for the Advanced in Age by Bohumil Hrabal
There’s room on the walls for far more than the fifty-some photographs on display from the golden age of Soul Train, at Expo 72 through September 5. And the gallery floor is mostly empty—there are just two table cases. One displays dolls and merchandise, the other photos, press clippings and a letter on WCIU-TV letterhead from Soul Train creator Don Cornelius, dated January 25, 1971, informing Charles Bayliss of 1316 South Kolin Avenue that he and his dancing partner were invited to perform on the show, so long as neither was “over dressed.” (The letter, and other items in the case, are from the personal collection of music writer and TOC contributor Jake Austen. An article by Sun-Times critic Ron Powers for the newspaper’s television listings, calling the show “that soul-shaking, scintillating, ex-CRU-ciating, mighty, mighty vehicle of rhythm and blues,” is a must-read.)
Biblical sources show no evidence of such an event taking place, or refer to any mention of a date. In fact, the Bible teaches us that,
See what clearly defined goals and viably provided solutions can do to a problem. The predicament that Occupy find itself in, is that it wants to be a counter-culture movement, fighting against “the man”, but they simply don’t see that there’s a way to achieve the desired results without putting off the very people you are appealing to for help.
Ellephantastic is very honoured to sponsor this challenge.
Instead of joining everyone in the fun Saturday for the Hermes 10 Miler, I gave my legs a rest after two weeks of major races and settled on a local 5k. This 5k actually meant a lot more to me than others. Love-A-Stray, the main sponsor of the race, is a local non-profit, volunteer run, no-kill pet shelter. They have two divisions, one focused on dogs, and the other focused on cats. I used to volunteer at the cat location back in high school. This resulted in many years of kitten kisses and coming home with my first LAS buddy, Carter.
It was a financial investment type of conference, I knew only one person who had introduced me to this group so for me, heading off to something like this really knowing no one was daunting. It was also my first trip flying alone and that was a bit daunting too. I managed well, didn't get to see the friend who was running the event much as he was busy most of the time. I went with the mindset that I'd meet a few people to hang out with for the week and as I always do, I did. Noted on November 15th that we all went to the nightclub on the resort and that I met Barry White! He often visited this club and he was so nice and down to earth. He sang a few songs, we were dancing to it and just couldn't believe it was happening for real! Fabulous evening!
The anniversary of the revolution was also time to take economic inventory of the wave of changes. The decline of the tourism industry—the country’s second largest—began in the early days of the revolution, and a year later the losses were at 28.5 percent. This too gave rise to divisions among the people, with youth activists ready for a diet of dates in exchange for their freedom, on one end, and families out of an income questioning the price of the revolution, on the other. But the same crisis has also inspired citizen ownership of national challenges; some Egyptians have turned to social media to promote international and national tourism. Revolutionary spirit?
And what of a seemingly-simple situation that suddenly becomes very deadly, very quickly?:Gregory Kirk Duncan didn't take too kindly to the way Christopher Spicer, a guest in his Greenville County home, was talking about a picture of his daughter in a cheerleading outfit. Duncan asked Spicer to leave, and he did — but not for long.
It will not have escaped readers’ attention that Option 1 (Enhanced) starts off nasty and gets worse. Accordingly, it is unlikely to take place without considerable upheaval, and some of its measures and the aftermath of those measures may be better categorized under Option 3 rather than including them in any version of Option 1. Note that there is no point at which the former replaces the latter. Options 1, 2, and 3 are, after all, nothing more than a conceptual framework introduced to facilitate a more rigorous analysis of the constituent properties of de-Islamization. These are not an explicit menu of mutually exclusive options that would be individually chosen in any conscious fashion.
The sidewalks around the perimeter of the campus the track is on equal just shy of one mile. So, why not run miles instead of parts of miles?
I know I've missed a few Thursdays lately, but I'm thankful that you'll forgive me for that!
5. Slide finished egg on top of lettuce, top with other slice of bread (cheese-side down genius)
People, I used to be hot. Granted, I was 23 when the hotness was occurring, but I don't think it is too much to ask, at 40, to be recognizable as the same person who was hot as 23. The great fun of this, of course, is that when I was 23, I thought I was ugly.
Sun-AM: Video shoot at the Maroon Bells in Aspen. Spectacular fall colors, and mountains, but too much running for my shin.
Alternatives: I can try to ask someone with direct Bugzilla database access to do the rename bug, I believe that might be possible. Or we rename to something like LibO 3.6 Master and then create a new LibO Master. So we would get a variant of “A”.
In the mean time hubby is home for 2 weeks, mind you, one has already passed. It's absolutely great to have him home, the extra help and support and company are awesome.
Much cheaper than murder.
We were supposed to pick our fave Mo image today, which was really hard because I truly love EACH image I have, but this one just speaks to my heart! She's colored with Copics and then I put a layer of diamond glaze on her tricycle, and some stickles on her handlebar streamers.
The dust settles on my skin,
We were lucky to get these two volumes in North American publication at all, as the series was canceled by TokyoPop the other year, and then tenatively revived. Light novels don't sell for peanuts in the American market - they're too fanboy and short for the mass paperback market, and too wordy and ancillary for the otaku market. But I do know that I'm eager for the next book in the series. We didn't get anything more from the animation studios, and word is that at least one reason is that the novels go off on a somewhat grim and gloomy tangent which could alienate the anime audience.
Blood of the Beasts – 2
Shushan Cats, meanwhile, is one of the most compelling literary creations of recent years. A self-made and self-educated man, Shushan is on the face of it a typical mobster, a hard man who rules with a fist of iron.
My Project Management training easily overwhelms everything else I have ever learned, I still remember much of the other subjects I have learned, but mentally I am a hard wired Project Manager. I think sometimes that it is a genetic thing for me. Everything I do is treated like a project anymore, I have to build a schedule and assign leads to tasks, even when it doesn’t really make that much difference. My mind tells me it makes a difference, so I do it that way. My apologies to those that don’t think like I care about their way to solve a problem, my way may not be their way, their way might work just as well as mine, but I typically have a hard time admitting that, and I am not really very interested in trying another way; particularly if I have had success using my approach. I have been told by others (corporate types assigned to “grow” me) that I might come off sounding like a snob or uncaring because of how I approach these kinds of tasks. (I imagine that many of my classmates from their experiences will vouch for those corporate types that I was snobbish or uncaring, I hope that they can understand now, as I do, that it wasn’t personal and it never was about feeling superior or uncaring.) In that respect this reunion task will really stretch me. I care about the people that I am working with to make this successful, more than I care to admit really. These people are part of the core fabric that made me the person I am today; that makes the whole project management approach just a little different for me on this little project.
Cannibal Corpse - Torture
I just went grocery shopping yesterday and bought so great foods to make great healthy meals. Remember, I am going high protein, complex carbs AMAP. And if I do eat bread, grains, etc. it will be the real wheat kind and not dyed brown crap. I have realized how simple it is to healthy-up any recipe and still enjoy what I love. (Yes, I know, it's taken how many years for that concept to sink in???)
And if you're digging the idea of a Hawaiian wedding, you might just love what I have to share next. Hilton is giving away not one, but TWO weddings at the incredibly beautiful Hilton Waikoloa Village resort in Hawaii! The concept, called I Do Times Two is so much fun, revolving around the idea of BFFs (best friends forever) becoming BBFs (best brides forever)! Any bride-to-be with an engaged best girlfriend is invited to tell Hilton about their BBF, and explain why their relationship is so special that they both deserve to be married on or around Valentine's Day 2011 at Hilton Waikoloa Village (Please note that this is not a double wedding – rather, both weddings just need to be on the same trip!)
They straigtened my shoulders.............
First off is the card base, Pool from Ellen Hutson and the DP is from Memory Box Minuet.
That was also the year he joined The Energy and Resources Institute (TERI) in Delhi, which is headed by Dr Pachauri.
Last up was the lounge area outside. My super talented mom made me all sorts of pillows from the fabric I ordered. I found this ridiculously cute tiki hut centerpiece and put a bride and groom inside it. It was so adorable! I also added the seashells to it. We used seashells that were from orange beach as well as decoration. I purchased the big boat like the one on the dessert table as the outside drink holder. I got coral and turquoise water and of course some beer for it : ) We had tiki torches lining the lounge area too. The weather couldnt have been any better and everyone enjoyed hanging outside. I had many assorted drinks available: White Sangria, Red Sangria, an "Orange Beach Mixer", Orange Crush, and many other options. They were all served in a cups that I put a "S" sticker on and coral and white stripped paper straws.
Mondays - Muffin Tin Monday
2. the US military and CIA members who undertook the task of getting rid of him,
I've also done a bit of scrapbooking here and there, yay! I kind of wish I could wave a magic wand and be caught up with my scrapbooks but until I invent that magic wand, I'll just have to slog through the slow way. That said, I don't want to do digital scrapbooking...I like the process with real paper and photos. And I think I already spend too much time on the computer, I like to get away from it.
Noteworthy: The free passes are what's killing this guy early this season...he had only 16 in 70 appearances last year, he already has 8 in 11 appearances this year...
Moose Lodge? Isn't that the kind of place where your folks would play bingo in the '50s and '60s? Don't their roots go back to prehistoric days when Fred and Barney belonged to the Bedrock lodge of the Loyal Order of Water Buffalo?
To help in planning an effective program to overcome the problem a brieation is given of how the reproductive organs in a young man function.
See his humanity. See his divinity. See his love. See his lessons. See his miracles. See his healings. See Him.
Continue in prayer,and watch in the same with thanksgiving.
B-rad has been doing a bit of overtime this week, and i have been picking up a few shifts at my sister in law's store - the result being us not seeing each other too much this week. Sigh.
And sometimes He saves those who are caring for the orphans, doctors and nurses who are watching, neighbors who don't understand but see the Love of God displayed in action.
Please join us at Proteus Gowanus as our investigation into Paradise,
Those of us who work in PrisonWorld, not just chaplains, want to help prisoners to start to think along the moral and pro-social lines that will endear them to, in the first instance, the parole board, and then, more importantly, society. We really do want them to start thinking morally. We want them to start thinking of a possible future life that is lived within the laws of the land. We want them to stay out of jail, for goodness' sake!
Tip For Today: Loss of movement is a sign of joint breakdown. If you can’t turn your head as far one direction as you can the other, then get your neck checked by the chiropractor.
I was surprised to find that I was able to get Pushnote installed on my work computer. I say installed as I am struggling to decide if it is working or not. I follow a fair few people on Twitter but there is little sign of them being involved in this and I cannot really see the point. I do not seem to be alone in this based on peoples tweets. Maybe a use will become apparent.
“The Federal Government has introduced PRPP legislation that will be passed shortly,” the letter states. “Quebec announced a regime equivalent to PRPPs, called VRSPs, in their recent budget. It is time for Ontario now to step up to ensure that Ontario residents, particularly those who work for small and medium sized businesses, can reap the benefits of a low-cost, accessible pension plan.”
Another friend, a former publishing colleague, and someone I consider incredibly well read, had no idea what I was talking about. He’d never heard of the Kindle and knew nothing about ereaders.
You've won a $40 gift voucher to eclectic Paperie. We have lots of new goodies that arrived, too. Please send your email address to daisy@eclecticpaperie.com
The boys discuss a story that would only happen in Gaston County where a man stabs his wife over a steak! And a bonus, an outtake reel from last week’s cornfield joke.
It's that part of the stairway you step on :O)
While many of my favorite artists emerged (or first became known to me) in the 1980s, I will always consider this particular part of the 1970s to be one of my favorite musical periods. Sure, it may be idealized nostalgia, but I’m okay with that.
1 T apple juice
if you could use prayers, please try to use the comments to tell me, and i'll pray for you. i say try, because according to your emails and FB messages, my comments are sometimes working, but if they have a headache and can't stop thinking about the blizzard of '93, they don't work, or don't even show up at all.
First, businesses, or at least successful ones, plan long-term. This is why temporary tax cuts never increase business activity. When planning for the long-haul, a business will not make substantial investments in personnel, infrastructure, or equipment and real estate, if in six months, one year, or even two years, its motivation for making those investments is going to be eliminated. Businesses are incentivized to make investments because they know they will pay off in the long run. Now add to that a political climate that is unpredictable, especially in the field of taxation, and who can blame businesses for hoarding cash? On the one hand you have temporary tax breaks to consider, while on the other you have an increase in taxes pending the expiration of the Bush Tax Cuts, increases in per-employee costs due to healthcare reform, drastic increases in 1099 reporting, a perceived increase in small business lawsuits,[iii] and talk of plans for cap-and-trade type taxes. One can understand why businesses, especially small businesses are nervous. And what do businesses do when they are nervous? The same thing you or anyone else would . . . they huddle into a corner and wait until it looks safe to come out again.
That's it for now, and thanks for looking.
30 Days starting today. No grains. No legumes. Maybe a little dairy, because I love me some sour cream.
4. I Walk The Line
The largest fish on earth, Whale sharks are not whales but rather sharks, though they live on plankton and are the only member of their unique genus. Their lifespans are about 70 years and they can reach more than 40 feet in length and 20 tons in weight. They are docile and swimming with them is a popular bucket list item for divers and snorkelers, which you can do in only a handful of places around the world, including the Riviera Maya. Swimming with the graceful sea turtles is nothing to sneeze at either.
I am so excited about this new blog! My fingers are literally restless, wanting to write and create. And oh men, my head is exploding from all the new ideas.
With the chest empty and ready to infuse new objects with magic, Hilda turned determinedly to the crystal ball. Surely someone eligible would be in need of a fairy godmother soon, and she must be the first to answer the call. Whatever she did this time, it just had to be impressive. “Not to mention come off perfectly,” she added under her breath. “E.-M.A.I.L. Network,” she told the ball clearly.
Brilliant book. Recommend it to fans of the Hunger Games – this novel has a kick-ass heroine who tries her hardest to survive anyway she can in a dystopian world – and anyone who loves the darker side of vampires.
I'm pretty sure the principal is calling me to tell me about every little thing Max does wrong just to drive me crazy. Why would he want to drive me crazy you might ask? Because he wants Max gone. About 3-4 weeks ago we had a "team" meeting at school about Max's placement. They increased resource to all day except for specials, lunch, and recess. They suggested Life Skill classes though. Life skills is at another school. There are several in our distract so they choose which one is closest and has openings. I told them fine about resource (stupid now that i look back at that) and that I would go obverse life skills and go from there.
“Shhhh, be quiet, Jeremy. There are men in the room who are coming this way. We must be prepared for them,” he said. Jeremy nodded and looked toward the door.
Anyway, I'm a bigger fan of Britain's Got Talent and why James Boyd isn't a household name after consuming four Ferrero Rocher in a minute, I'll never understand.
I wrote to a TV producer, Simon Wilson, (that's the dare part I was talking about) telling him how much I liked his sketch show and offering him some of my material. The show was called Swinging, but I kept calling it Swingers in my emails.
I finally settled on the sliced brisket (my barbecue standby) with mac and cheese and baked beans as a side. Kyle had chopped brisket with mac and cheese and fried okra (this might be his favorite Oklahoma food), each of our meals was $10.99 and also came with some incredibly awesome Texas toast.
At the very beginning of the concert, I got a text from Meri that just said PUPPIES!!!! Cool! Why is it that Ellie waits until a school concert to give birth? I texted her a little while later and asked if boys or girls so far. She texted back and said, "well... none yet. But her water broke and I'm sure it wasn't something else. Tiffany said I was right!"
Ok, I haven't been on here a while, just the same old line! So anyway, my 27th birthday has come and gone. Larry hadn't gotten me anything yet, even though I told him I didn't want anything this year. We had been talking about wanting to go to Disney World again this year. So the Saturday after my birthday, Larry said I have your gift but you have to close your eyes and hold out your hands. So, I said "ok" and closed my eyes and held out my hands. I then felt something kind of heavy in them, so I opened them and it was a "Birnbaum's Guide to Walt Disney World 2010". I loved it, it's our "tradition" to buy one every year since we first went in 2008. He then told me he booked our trip for Disney on Friday and I had no idea! It's our family vacation this year and I'm so excited! We booked our dinner reservations that night too! I was totally surprised! In case you haven't seen my Facebook, I have started a count down and we're at 76 days!
I use silicon moulds that were probably made for small cakes. I can't tell you what moulds to use because I have only used these and you probably wouldn't be able to buy them where you are. Suffice to say you'll need either a large mould - and cut the soap when it's set, or you can use smaller shapes similar to mine. The pink ones I use are from Kmart but I don't think they stock them anymore.
When I stopped my day care I had some health problem and was getting very stressed too. I felt like all I was doing all day was saying: don’t touch this, do go there, don’t do that. Having a place only for children would cut the “don’t” from half at least.
God calls us and God sends us. It is interesting that we tend to focus more on our “calling” than our “sending”, and yet the Bible is full of the question “who shall I send?” not “who shall I call?”
A widely used tool of witchcraft was a broom. The use of broom can be traced to the peasants, both men and women, who used them to fertilize their crops. They would, then, ride on the top of them as horses.
Okay…..I admit it’s super super cute. We did a little impromptu outdoor photo shoot this morning. If you can call taking pics. with your cell phone a photo shoot!
Okay, enough prologue... shall we?
Scooter Libby may be a fall guy but he will probably go to jail in the summer. It is winter now. Out West, where Vice President Cheney vacations, the aspens are all bare. In the summer they will start blooming and then in the fall they will turn again. They turn in clusters, because their roots connect them. But there is one aspen standing tall all alone. I don't think the Vice President will have to worry about that aspen turning and revealing the connecting roots. See how soothing nature can be?
Just as the scales of fear
thoughts continued to stress her even more.
If I was a log-keeping sort of person, yesterday I would have been able to log our first beer-related injury of 2010. I aspire to be a person who keeps logs - I might make it a Newish Year Resolution. My friend Mike has a log of all the books he's ever read which I think is a very good idea. Another friend Ann has a Book of Doom in which she writes all the transgressions - real or perceived - of her husband, Just In Case She Needs It. It's quite a big book.
‘It sounds pretty obvious to me.’
do that, they are only giving them the opportunity to stand on their
To make the ginger-lemon syrup, combine the lemon and lime juices with the ginger and sugar in a small pan.
She stayed in the PICU most of the day, and then we went to the regular Peds floor. She didn't sleep well, and due to the infection in her lungs had to have several treatments throughout the night so that she could breathe...it was really rough. We really didn't sleep.
ART:
“…far from being irrelevant, our metaphysical beliefs are the finally determining factor in our actions.”
The Cubs need a big change after John Hendry continuously overpaid players who were overrated to begin with, or who could only perform well for the first couple years of their contracts. The Ricketts family would be smart to hire Epstein, who would not be intimidated by a big market with fans who are dying for a World Series title. Epstein will energize fans in Chicago and won't be afraid to make the moves needed to win soon. He drafts relatively well and kept the Sox stocked with a good core of homegrown players, while still going after free agents. He won a World Series title in Boston, which no one had managed to do in 86 years, and then went out and built a team that won another one. The positives far outweigh the negatives and Epstein could really help the Cubs become a consistent contender.
The majority, and the parties who initiated these proceedings in court fear that the President may promulgate rules and regulations contrary in purpose and effect to legislation enacted by the Legislature; that he may reenact his rules and regulations after being repealed by the legislature, and that he may even veto a bill passed by Congress repealing the Act of delegation and ending his emergency powers. It is a fear not well founded. It runs counter to the presumption that the Chief Executive like any other public official would perform his functions and conduct himself in every respect for the good and welfare of the people and in accordance with the Constitution. It is fear based on the presumption that the Legislature and the Chief Executive are at loggerheads, working at cross purposes and that the President though acting as a mere agent of his principal, the legislature, would brazenly repudiate his principal and even challenge its authority, and that the Chief Executive is so much in love with his emergency powers that he would perpetuate them by going as far as vetoing an act of Congress ending said emergency powers. Let it be said to the credit of and in justice to the different Chief Executives who have wielded these emergency powers, President Quezon, Osmeña, Roxas and the present incumbent President Quirino, that no accusing finger has ever been pointed at them, accusing or even insinuating that they have abused their emergency powers or exercised them for any purpose other than the welfare of the country, or that they had maliciously acted contrary to the wishes of the Legislatures. Even after liberation there has been no claim not even from the Legislatures itself, to the knowledge of this Court, at least to that of the undersigned, that any Chief Executive exercised his delegated powers, knowing that they had ended or had abused the same.
I will post pictures later (I am actually taking them off my camera as I type). The people I went with, though, sometimes it was annoying, they were lazy and didnt want to do anything when at times that seemed inopportune to me, and then rushed through things that they could have been a little more laid back about, but overall it was an enjoyable experience.
Now I have to pass this award on to 10 lovely blogs that inspire me.
“Who does?” Roland let out a nervous little laugh. “Your mom’s birthday is coming up, you could get her something nice.” They stepped out of the carcass. “Something better than that ceramic donkey you got her for Mother’s Day.”
until each incorporated before adding the next, and scraping down the
And it came to pass after three days, that the officers went through the host; and they commanded the people, saying, When ye see the ark of the covenant of the Lord your God, then ye shall remove from your place, and go after it. —Joshua 3:2-3
9/17 Portland, OR @ Peters Room
Thank you for giving me space when I need to be alone.
Stout-Braised Short Ribs with Carrot Purée, Parsnip Chips
Later that day, it neared to my piano piece, until it was my performance! Ah! So, I just went to the stage and performed. No much mistakes! Until, it was the end of the show and we went home with some food to celebrate at home. =)
“Good evening.”
Not all of the impulsiveness is going to be pretty, or sweet, or fun. Mars is approaching a clash with the nodes of the Moon, which represent the path to the future, on one end, and instinctual, past behaviors on the other. This clash will dislodge more angry bursts from masculine forces attempting to drag the collective back decades. (Mars is moving into a showdown with Chiron, too, so a lot of wounds are getting salted and irritated.) On a personal level, watch for situations to impel you (not compel — you have a choice) to ditch old ways and step into ones that can carry you into the future. Healthier habits, healthier eating, healthier boundaries, healthier thought patterns, more efficient systems — those are just a few ideas of where the pressure’s heading.
Dear Brian,
It’s so easy to lose my way; it’s so easy to walk ashamed
Having taken the bait I followed the link to “Navy Ship Names: Background for Congress“. So it’s a case of rules having evolved over time and these rules just are and the issue it seems is that they have been broken in cases. Proud to report that I’ve added some booty to my trivia knowledge. I didn’t know that there was a bit of a squabble in congress in 1995 over the naming of an aircraft carrier, should it be named Truman or Reagan, which President Clinton resolved by naming it Reagan and another one Truman.
I have heaps of ideas for projects.
On Thursday, police booked cases under sections 468, 471, 419, 420 and 120-B of the IPC against Mohammed. As police began probe into the activity, he fled from the city a few days ago.
-garlic powder
(1) Psychotherapy of Crohn disease Zur Psychotherapie des M. Crohn. Feiereis H Langenbecks Arch Chir 1984, 364 p407-11 Internet Health Library
love makes you smile
Or, so it seems at times.
Johan Malmberg: violin
Now, AG doesn't have a website, or an email. He doesn't even have a phone. But he does work with a showroom out in another town about 45 miles away. And they have all of those new-fangled things. So I contacted them. And they set up a meeting.
CCTV
The battery life is nill! It is dead in 7 hours standby with wifi on. I expect a considerable reduction from that while surfing the web! One or two hours maybe!
I don't really "do" lighthouses.
The fact that he always covers up his real emotions with a perverted demeanor makes him even more awesome. The more dense types would probably see Usui as a complete weirdo, a sadist or a perverted stalker. Indeed, Usui may seems quite bizarre, always constantly making perverted jokes or references whenever the chance arises. However, deep down, he is just the same as anyone else, a normal guy who couldn’t express his feelings well. Even with all these struggles deep within, he never stuttered even once when displaying and confessing his feelings to Misaki numerous times.
A further variation would be to have a specific benefit to certain objects. For example, the goal could be to build a lego car, with different lego pieces on different squares. In that case you would want to either have plenty of extra wheels and important pieces to go around or limit the number of any particular type of piece that a person is allowed to pick up, so that the other players are able to build their cars too.
he is three months yesterday.
Smart property managers utilize effective communication tools to solidify their relationships with existing tenants and to showcase their properties’ amenities to potential tenants. It’s a cost-effective way to increase tenant satisfaction and, in turn, occupancy rates. A recent study by Kingsley Associates, a leader in real estate research, confirms that tenants who are satisfied with property management are three times more likely to renew their leases.
I have eaten and I have made what I called Cabbage and Noodles, for years and years. I have not made these in several months. Blogging is not good for old recipes. I love these, though, so I made them today. I have only tasted them but I like these. They have a sweet and peppery taste which is a favorite for me. They are also easy to make which is also a favorite for me.
On a large sheet pan, toss sweet potatoes with 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tsp. salt, and ½ tsp. black pepper until evenly coated. Roast at 400 degrees for 20 minutes.
It turns out that Isle’s cousins were actually great vampire hunters, but that they have recently been turned into the creatures themselves by the vampire Isolde (Dominique). Now all three vampires, but particularly Isolde, have plans for Isle; ones that, unfortunately for Antoine, she seems more and more receptive to as time goes on. Antoine has some potential allies in his fight to take his wife back from the monsters, but even then it looks to only end in tragedy for the young couple…
The answer was as obvious as his growing discomfort.
We were ten, and planned our lives in a hideout under the steps in the basement storage room of our building. We stacked milk crates to display our rock collection and kept a paper bag to fill with glass soda bottles. The nickel deposits on each one added up to purchase forbidden bubble gum and chocolate bars. Every day we opened the secret cigar box and selected a treat. Jeff taught me how to blow a bubble. I showed him how to whistle with a blade of grass between his thumbs.
1 Nyctalopia 1
Here is what I didn’t like: Although the article pointed out the importance of strong communities to protect foster children, there was no clear leader or advocate pushing the changes the article is so able to point out yet not commit to creating any ideas of resolve. Other than the references to former pro-basketball player Alonzo Mourning and actress Victoria Rowell who spent time in the foster care system, the article does not identify a leader in law or in the position to make change that can be a united voice for these children.
The previous record-holder had a grading of 6.0.
This video below by Eric Qulaman, the author of Socialnomics really drives home not just the need to brand, market and promote through social media, but it also showcases how over saturated things are and just how crucial it is to have the right organized, optimized, uniform, consistent and continuous message to achieve the ability to be seen in a world where some sites have more members that some nations in the world.
...Plead for peace in the Middle East.
Wolstencroft is known by many as director of the Melbourne Underground Film Festival since 2000. He also became well-known for defying an Australia-wide ban and screening gay-zombie porn flick La Zombie in 2010, which resulted in police raiding his house. His film direction credits include his 2010 release The Beautiful and Damned, and Bloodlust, which he co-directed with Jon Hewitt.
"You're changing lanes Alice," he says.
6/22 – Goodbye Again (1961)
Pork liver paté, sliced into portions or just straight from the pack
17. In The Beginning - Motley Crue
“Give me proof” The man said with such enthusiasm, accidentally spilling some of his coffee in front of him. “Give me proof that will back up what you just said” the man continued. The man was tall, slim, with a smile labeled by all of his co-workers “George Clooney’s” of course he couldn’t see it, but went with it anyways. His companion was his best friend ever since college; she was radiant herself. They both worked around Wall Street in different firms as secretaries to the VPs and would always meet every Wednesdays and Fridays for long lunches because their bosses are usually out of the office all day and sometimes never come back.
You should note that the properties might not necessarily be for sale and also that the entire property shown at an address might not be subject to enforcement. The website addresses of the receivers are provided, and presumably it is the receivers you might contact in the first instance with queries or expressions of interest.
Remember your blog, "The Musings of a Wannabe Star"? The blog that was on its fourth name when it finally got picked up to be a Blog of Note? Yes, that one. Do you still blog on "Musings"? Do you still blog at all? Did you manage to fully pursue the Journalism degree? I only ask because you have a history of quitting things; softball, art, soccer...none of those lasted very long.
Cunts.
The Reading activities focus on some of the concepts that are assessed on the Grade 8 CRCT Reading domain. These domains are as follows:
Cyberspace's most famous activist, Julian Assange, has been under house arrest for more than a year now. But he is not keeping quiet.
Stylist: Aisling Farinella
False.
Yet baa baa black sheep
After feeling lost in the forest for a while, I finally feel like I can see the trees thinning up ahead and I’m going to keep walking towards the road.
I add a little dried basil and oregano to my passata because that's a flavour base I use in just about everything I cook with tinned tomatoes. You can omit these two herbs if you like to keep it more plain tasting. I usually get 3 serves out of 2 tins of tomatoes. I freeze in a ziplock bag for later use.
You watch and see.....
Sometimes, high expectations can be just what you need to push yourself that extra mile. Whether it be a musical performance in front of thousands of people, or wowing a boss with a great presentation. However, high expectations tend to only leave room to either meet the expectations or fall short of them. Considering that exceeding expectations is one of the most enjoyable experiences that people can have, only having the bottom 2 of the 3 options available is highly undesirable.
Although a deployment to Afghanistan is still possible for many of us, if things fall the way they are planned, this might be the first crop of new infantry lieutenants that miss the show. This has sparked an anxiety among many of my peers that they are going to lack combat experience and that void might stunt them, professionally or personally.
It is now that I know who to believe. I am not sick, emaciated, or close to dying. I do not have some wretched monster living within my soul, depriving me of life in its attempt to ultimately gain total control. I am fine. I am complete. I am a normal girl.
We had a great New Year's Eve celebration with my parents. We did quite a bit, but kept it low-key. We started off by going to church in Frankfort (gotta love that Catholic Saturday night Mass). It was so nice to be back at the church where we got married! We aren't able to go often because it's in northern Michigan, so it makes it special when we can.
The researchers there looked at the quality of parenting in early life and then looked at the rate of teenage obesity: as you would unhappily expect, those with weak mother-child bonding had a higher rate of obesity - in fact it was over a quarter of them, or 26%. This compared with under 15% for those with observed better bonding skills.
I have found several things positive out of having Crohn’s Disease. I know my body better know than ever and no my limits when it comes to certain aspects of life. I have met, and am meeting, some amazing people (roll on the 17th) because of this disease who understand what I am going through despite the fact everyone experiences CD (and other bowel diseases) differently. Above all of this, I have discovered what the best ever toilet roll is – Andrex of course!
"It's simple," replied the girl. "You just change 'y' to 'i' and add 'es'."﻿
His musical career began with a band called the Coven, before he joined April Wine.
But how?
1) Go through the entire blog hop (both days) and leave a comment on EVERYONE'S post.
This is Mavala Lagoon stamped with Barry M Gold Foil and BM212. Although a lot of people use this stamp for their "peacock" nails, it also reminds me of some of the patterns in Indian lace. Oh, and eyes as well! Lol!
A marketing consultancy has estimated that the global border security market, including Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVS), Unmanned Ground Vehicles (UGVs) and perimeter surveillance is due to hit $15.8bn in 2010. Without any sense of irony whatsoever, the company calls the border security market “one of the most exciting emerging markets within the global defence and security marketplace.”
The Devil and Daniel Webster
Chauffeur and Van 7pax, E Class 4pax or BMW S5
Disabled Veteran from Vietnam era, 2nd generation Italian-American, moderately conservative, born in PA, raised mostly in Europe. Graduated from high school in France in 1966. Former print journalist, professional photographer (primarily weddings & portraits). Past-President of two Optimist International clubs. Divorced. Love animals: dogs, cats, horses, mostly. Love photography and writing. I started this blog to share with you some of my opinions about the news, both national and international. I try to do two things: entertain & inform. If a post doesn't entertain you, it should, at least, inform you. I am new at blogging. I am learning more all the time. There are some really awesome blogs on the Internet. I hope you find this one worth your time, and, hopefully, it will continue to improve and grow. Please check back often--or subscribe for updates as they occur.
Salvation is plural, not singular. It includes the family. Rahab and her family were saved. Zacchaeus was told that Salvation had come to his house. When the disciples were questioned, What must I do to be saved? Though the question was singular, the answer came in plural as the disciples replied, “Believe in the Lord Jesus Christ, and you will be saved and your household”
8/21 Vienna, VA- Wolf Trap
I've had several assorted stouts waiting in the beer cellar (which has now moved from the kitchen cabinets to the bedroom closet) for quite some time. I'm not sure why, but I've been keeping an eye on this one in particular.
Then, we all released the balloons. Now, I attend a mega church here in Dallas, so to see all of these balloons released simultaneously was an awe inspiring moment. I don’t know if others felt the different when it was over, but I sure did.
It has been a difficult day but not quite as bad as expected. Yet. There is still more day to come. I'm trying to drink water. This is a time of day I am usually eating constantly to tide me over until dinner. Dinner is usually a little late around here as Dail works until 6 usually and sometimes makes a few stops on the way home. We usually get dinner at 7:30 or 8 pm. Sometimes later, depending on what we are having. I have been anticipating dinner all day because I will be allowed some dense protein but it looks like I may have to go to plan B. Dail is going to have to work late tonight. He doesn't know how late. I don't know how long I will be able to make it without dinner. We do have some frozen hamburger patties in the freezer and some buns. I can make do with a burger in a pinch. I have plenty of calories left for today. The bun won't be great for me but I'm low on carbs right now anyway. I have almost 1000 calories left for the day. I won't use them all but I think I can safely have a cheeseburger, homemade, without blowing the day. This is what I will do if Dail is going to be any later than 7 pm getting off from work. I'm feeling a little weak and anxious. I don't like it when Dail works late. It is hard on him, especially when he is battling a cold, but there are things that have to be done tonight before some people come in to do some work first thing in the morning. He can't even start this until everyone is out of the office and off the computers. Anyway, I'm not happy right now. I'm hungry and irritable and I'm missing my comfort foods. It hasn't been like this all day though. It has been harder since I found out Dail is working late. Having him home really decreases my anxiety and that in turn lowers my need for comfort foods.
Wishing everyone a wonderful weekend and our thoughts are especially with everyone who has been affected by the floods.
just to get a glimpse of the eggs when the female would
Excited now, we moved on to yank out the same carpet in our bedroom, which is a mirror image of the living room, sharing one wall.
Proteins are sometimes described as long necklaces with differently shaped beads. Each bead is a small amino acid. These amino acids can join together to make thousands of different proteins. Scientists have found many different amino acids in protein, but 22 of them are very important to human health.
She drinks to forget how lonely she is
Jimmy and I went to Tasmania over the New Years break and spent several days traversing the countryside and exploring. This was our second visit to Tassie, our first having been a surprise Valentine’s Day gift to me in February. Bless him.
“You are beautiful! YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL!! YOU ARE BEAUUUTIFULL!!!” She repeated this ten times and looked at my friend intently. My little pelitos (this means little hairs in Spanish) stood up on my arms.
With the truck all packed up, us four all dirty and tired, we said goodbye to Nikki’s friends and the locals then hit the road. Blake and I napped on the folded up blankets in the back and awoke to see the next camping spot rise out of the horizon like a mirage! Pyramid Lake
What looks impossible for us is just right for you.
And waking – crouches,
My colleagues (because I have colleagues now that I am a grown up) suddenly turned their attention to me. “Oh shit!” I thought. “They have noticed. They have noticed my crossing phobia. Why did I have to be brought up in the country side where there was no traffic? Why didn’t my mother send me for road crossing classes before she packed me off to university in a city?” Despite it being freezing temperatures, I now had the humiliation sweats.
Be seeing you.
I was astonished by how easy this is and how few ingredients there are. In fact, I wanted to take a picture before I started blending, but I ran to the fridge to read the label on the Hellman’s because I just couldn’t believe there wasn’t something else in there. The point is that I was so excited to get to the blending that I forgot to take a picture. It’s an egg yolk, teaspoon or so of Dijon, a pinch of salt, juice of a half a lemon, and 1 and 1/4 cup of vegetable oil. And then from there it’s like witchcraft.
Not really far ago I have noticed that a couple of pigeons is luckily back to my windows' view and I do hope that we will be able to observe that small family some during the next years too at least as it was during last year.
Sauber looked good in the first half of the race, then lost their holding and finished 10th and 11th overall. Sergio Perez had some brilliant laps, fending off Lewis Hamilton and a set of tires, well past their expiration. Fernando Alonso finished 9th, after another difficult drive in the F2012, a car that’s quietly plotting to kill its driver. The incredibly twitchy Ferrari, forced Alonso to fight the car, the entire race. It’s a credit to Alonso, as he’s the best man for the job. On the other hand, his teammate Felipe Massa struggled, again. Massa’s pacing isn’t remotely close to the upper half of the pack, much to the dismay of his team. I’ll be surprised if something drastic doesn’t happen at Ferrari this season.
Discussion/Review article: Its subject should be a discussion or literature review of a given cryptozoological subject, and should not include original, unpublished research. It can be of 1000-3000 words in length, and can also include clearly labelled and numbered b/w photographs, artwork, tables, or maps, provided that the copyright of these falls into one of the following three categories:
(You can see a few if you look mid left of the sign.)
Today’s assignment is a tough one perhaps. I’m going to ask you to remember something or someone you lost. You don’t have to go deep – maybe you can’t find your car keys. Or you’ve misplaced your favorite book. Or like me, someone you love is no longer in your life. Today let’s write about your loss. You can just write how you feel when you think about this object. Or if you feel particularly creative, then write a story about your lost object or person and what they might be doing right now. (Personally I think my keys have taken a trip to the Bahamas).
While our PM doodles, the country finances are in a mess. Have a look at this chart.
Claudia
Let’s take these in order. Anony-mous? True, Heartland’s board documents reveal seven-figure contributions for their climate work from one “anonymous donor,” but environmental organizations take in many multiples of Heartland’s total budget in anonymous donations washed through the left-wing Tides Foundation. The Environmental Defense Fund thanks 141 anonymous donors in one recent report. “Well-funded”? Heartland’s total budget for all its issues, which include health care, education, and technology policy, is around $4.4 million, an amount that would disappear into a single line item in the budget for the Natural Resources Defense Council ($99 million in revenues in 2010). Last year, the Wall Street Journal reports, the World Wildlife Fund spent $68.5 million just on “public education.”
Second in an occasional series on the poetry of Louis MacNeice
We are kept in in ignorance of the truth of the racial violence being inflicted on our own people, and lied to be by politicians and journalists who do not care about their own people, worse, they actively campaign against their own people.
Only girls had pierced ears!
Irie folks,
The majority of the top touring bands average more than 40 years old, based on their frontman’s age. The above mentioned KISS and Jon Bon Jovi. Rolling Stones. Journey. Queen. U2. Neil Diamond. Michael Jackson was 50 when he died right before his big comeback. I must say that it is comforting to have some of my favorite musicians still around.
Prepare the fruit by washing and cutting into 2cm pieces
I round the corner of my house with the lawn mower this evening and I’m met with an overwhelming sense of my grandmother. Her lilacs are blooming and their scent brings her right to my face. Years ago, she planted the bushes from several slips her mother had given her. She told me the story of the lilac’s trip east. She carried them with their roots wrapped in wet newspaper and as soon as she and Grandpa arrived home, they dug holes and planted the slips in the ground, one at the back corner of the house, one next to the back porch, and one at the pig pen. She planted them in the fall, when they could set their roots and rest over winter. By spring, she said, they were settled and ready to grow. Her lilacs are tall and full now, their roots run deep.
Sybil Barnabas exhibited some of the following behaviors:
Jesus was not isolated. He had a profound impact on those around him as a teacher and a leader. As a leader he cannot expect others to do what he himself is not willing to do. He also was willing to accept the service of others when they desired to serve him.
i have really been in a blah-blogging mode the last little bit...tisk-tisk. Life has been busyness! and the weather has been splendid indeed....so we have been loving spending time in the outdoorsy. I am baffled that summer is just around the bend, and am looking forward to a swell summer with the kiddos at home. Nora is coming up on 18 months and is such a cute lil bean--with a funny personality to boot. Here is a bit of what we have been up to this month of april...you know me and my randomness love....
“I’m not pissed at you, CoCo. . .it’s just. . .I can’t believe a woman being supported by her two employed,” and he used the term “employed” loosely, “sons cannot give you any money-”
They came at 4pm to take us to the airport. Hal was my escort. I couldn't walk. I couldn't sit up straight in the wheelchair. Hal was amazing. He took care of everything. He was so nervous we were never going to get through security because I couldn't sit up. We had no problems getting through the airport. We were so blessed. I thought I was going to die when they wouldn't let me lean my seat back until take off.
But as such an external observer, I look at how:
The next mornin' our happy lil' herd is back into the normal routine...feedin' mornin' and night...ahhhh life is good!
1 orange, zest only
affinities between smell and sound as sensory zones for which we
Some people may think daisies are simple and not the most stunning flowers, but there is something beautiful and warm, genuine and subtle in its simplicity. It’s still pretty, it still gets the job done.
During that period, there were 2,504 vehicle detonations of landmines (mainly Soviet TM46s), killing 632 people and injuring 4,410. The mining of roads increased as the war intensified; indeed the increase from 1978 (894 mines or 2.44 mines were detonated or recovered a day) by 233.7 percent in 1979 (2,089 mines or 5.72 mines a day).
If you were writing a morality play about class privilege, you couldn’t do better than to dream up a glamorous ship of fools and load it with everyone from the A-list to immigrants coming to America for a better life. The class issue is one major reason the Titanic disaster has always been so ripe for dramatization. And yet the way we tell the story reveals more about us than it does about what happened. If the indignant depictions of the class system in so many Titanic dramas coexist uneasily with their adoring depictions of upper-crust privilege, that, too, is part of the appeal: it allows us to demonstrate our liberalism even as we indulge our consumerism. The story of the Titanic had almost every dramatic angle possible for a great book or film, which is why so many books (both fiction and non-fiction), songs, poems, and movies sprang from the real-life disaster. You may find some titles you'll want to read or watch in the article at The New Yorker.
I have to admit, I was shocked and riled at that sad and ignorant statement. How can a sentence like that even be formulated? What was the thinking behind it? I have some rebuttal, but first, allow me to add perspective.
Download DJ DNS
The X Factor in Cufflinks
I guess that just makes sense. Universe-building and character development are the heart of a coming-of-age novel like this. And the concepts employed aren't necessarily unique to this novel. I tasted traces of David Wingrove's Chung Kuo series, a little Dickens, big gobs of William Gibson - you know what I'm saying. And, of course, refined threads from Stephenson's own Snow Crash (which I didn't enjoy half as much as Diamond Age). But all that is just seasoning in a mighty fine soup.
Many still cry aloud,
"I wanted to do something different, something maybe more meaningful,” said Carrie Klein, 36, who used to be a publicist for a record label and for bands such as Radiohead and the Foo Fighters, but is now starting a new job in the library at Entertainment Weekly.
If so... grab this button to share on your blog!
Trixie tries a few tricks to deal with the Ursa, but only manages to aggravate it; it is in this moment of need that Twilight steps forward and makes use of her magic. Something to keep in mind is that Twilight is still operating under the assumption that her friends have disdain for magic-users. The threat of the Ursa overwhelms her fear of being unwelcome, and she handily deals with the bear.
This week, they were challenged to untie the “Human Knot.”
Also....MOAR writing!
and expect the same for the rest of the week.
At her blog, Jama's Alphabet Soup, Jama Rattigan—fantastic author of children's books, foodie, and poetry lover—has posted a lovely feature in her weekly "Friday Feast." Entitled Talk Almost Dirty to Me, Diane Lockward, the piece is a write-up of my new e-chapbook, Twelve for the Record, of which she says, "You just never know when you’ll get a sudden craving for an exquisitely crafted poem that gleams and glistens; it’s nice having a few choice nuggets in your back pocket."
Jesus came, the doors being shut, and stood in the midst, and said, “Peace to you!” —John 20:26
In a large frying pan, fry the bacon in just a little bit of olive oil until nice and crisp, stirring occasionally, about 10 to 15 minutes (start it on high heat and then reduce to medium. You can pause the proceedings here if the rest of the meal isn't ready, it comes together in about 2 more minutes from here on out. Just before you're ready to eat, put the heat on high under the bacon and add the chopped garlic. Stir around till you can smell it, about 30 seconds. Add the spinach, season with salt and pepper and toss around until all the spinach wilts, another minute. For an almost as delicious vegetarian version, just use more olive oil, fry the garlic briefly and add the spinach. Even faster.
i hope this helps any of you home gardeners. and like i said, if anyone has other suggestions on how to deal with these pests, especially the squash vine borer, we'd love to hear it!
I also bought some new dresses, 50's style dresses, with petticoats under them to make them poof out, and I had to go in and get them taken in. Seems my breasts are not that large. Damn it you little tits. I unwittingly got two of the exact same dress on two different web sites weeks apart, for drastically different prices, one in red, and one in black. I also have a dress coming in from Japan that is super cute. A Lolita dress, not Gothic Lolita, little girl Lolita. Its a red dress, with a bow on the collier, and its got long sleeves. It also has white trim. Its being tailor made for me, which is awesome, so this one I don't have to get taken in. My belly is huge, and people think that because my belly is huge that my ta ta's will be huge. Pisses me off. I also got a shirt that says, I Hate Myself and Want to Die, with rainbows, and hearts on it. So if you don't look at it closely you don't notice the sad words. I think its funny.
Smiles & Good Reading,
as vital in its sure slow roots
This is a dynamic that most get lost in, especially with the distractions of modern day society. Listening these days means music, TV, movies, social media and what ever else takes you from the listening that must be done in Harmony with Component 1 and 2.
Thank you to everyone who took the time to visit, read, comment or follow me during the A-Z challenge :) I've had great fun. All of the entries can be read by clicking on the A-Z Challenge 2012 tag below.
Even before un.tied had hit the ground running, I had interest in my first custom order. A friend I had just met asked me if I could make a necklace from her late father's necktie.
i want him to remember
Hello all! First, thank you for all the lovely comments you leave me, I am slowly catching up and should be with you all very soon, I am doing my best:-)! Today is a special day since I was invited to be Guest Designer at Color Me Creative! I am so happy to join these talented (and very friendly) ladies for today's challenge!!! Take a look at my blinkie:-)...
Oh the memories! Click on the "You Tubes" clip to bring all the laughter flooding back!
This story is about a family whose members just want to live their lives in their own way without bothering anybody else. There's Martin Vanderhof (aka Grandpa), his daughter Penny and her husband Paul Sycamore, their daughters' Alice and Essie (who is married to Ed Carmichael). There's also an assortment of other characters, some who live in the house and some who don't.
Just before Thanksgiving of last year I began memorizing Psalm 91. The day after Thanksgiving, Isaac, Seth, Jim, and our friend Manny went riding on quads (and a three-wheeler) up a mountain road. They came back a bit earlier than expected because there had been an accident. Jim was bruised and sore, but fine. As the story unfolded, all I could think of was Psalm 91 and God’s amazing provision and protection.
Now you know that my house has no water supply and NOPE, it's not cause by the unpaid bill but there seems to have water interruption!!! My guess was correct that today marked the 5th day without water in my area! I managed to spoke to my neighbor and they confirmed that water supply was disrupted and there was a water tanker came at 4pm when no one was at home!!
First pounding the quarter mile in 1979 the car, now named ‘Go Hard or Go Home’, uses a 360 cubic inch (5900cc) engine that has been rebuilt by Team Gridlock, and runs with the Wild Bunch nostalgia drag racing club.
07 Jan 2012: Fire in a furniture warehouse in Zeina district of Nouakchott causing considerable losses. the fire service was slow to respond and took time to arrive, despite being located only a short distance from the scene
Meanwhile, Bob Slayer dressed in black with a normal white sun hat on his head which, when erect (the hat, that is), oddly made him look like a rather down-at-heel TV celebrity chef wearing a rugby strip. He did, though, manage the impressive multi-tasking triumph of drinking at least one pint of beer while fielding.
134. Separate Peace, A: John Knowles
The Cricut cut was from Sentimentals
If you have a look at this photo that was taken and posted to flickr yesterday (full credit to be given to Richard for the photo) you can see the severity of the crack that's caused the bridge to remain closed for four months. It really is an absolute joke that the tiny bit of decay to the surface can cause the bridge to be closed when almost all of Fife's roads are in far worse condition. The southbound B940 through Pitscottie and over the bridge is in a far worse state than that with potholes and rough surfaces to destroy your car as you coast down to the crossroads.
So the worst kept secret in football is out; Lukas Podolski has signed for Arsenal and there is an optimism that he will be the first high quality signing that the club makes this summer. That Arsène wanted a goalscorer can be interpreted in many ways and is being so. His comments about over-reliance on the best centre-forward in the world hinted that he would look to redress the balance in the team for next season, a more fluid goalscoring threat. With Theo Walcott improving his productivity, scoring is going to be more evenly spread. Or so the theory goes; practice may be altogether more different but history will be the judge of that.
To hem the bottom, I stuck a long strip of 1/4" Steam-a-Seam to the raw edge, folded the hem under, ironed it to make the permanent bond, then secured it with a zig zag stitch. Can't recommend S-a-S enough, especially if you're looking to make a Renfrew without that bottom band. It helps stabilize the knit fabric so it doesn't stretch out and wonkify under the sewing machine's presser foot. I was afraid the fused part would take away the stretch of the fabric, but I found that's not the case. Seems like it could work well for unbound armholes and necklines, too.
Yuri! I was under the impression that despite what everyone was expecting and hoping it wouldn’t be a yuri charged show, but there it is. Well, I guess it isn’t yuri charged. And on the whole, it was handled rather tastefully and rather well, so no complaints from me really. Other than that, we saw some deviousness from Marika when negotiating with her insurer, and just some other goodness too. Much better than last week’s episode at any rate, and next week looks like it might be better still.
However, with a New Year ( and help from the nesting instinct) I am back in action! :)
Today I want to slip back in time to when I first started this blog. There are a few posts that I'd like to share that I'm pretty sure I posted before anyone even knew I had a blog. I still feel like some of my original posts have been my best. I had so many more issues floating around in my brain in those days.
...and I was thinking that we should try candying them, when I checked my email, and discovered the next Herb Fairies video preview - this time with a link to a recipe card for candied violas!
Needless to say, I picked out 3 new pairs of earrings for myself, and shockingly found a cute top and FABULOUS dress that I must share with you. The dress was a STEAL AT $16.80, and I love it. I can't wait to wear it in a couple of weeks when we go to Florida.
We spent the Easter weekend up in Ideeeho with Jake's family.
Lunacy they called it
I'll never see his wife or child
Imagine if we had a health centre for "whites only" or a "white Australians' flag" or "whites only" schools. Hell, what an uproar there would be! The irony is that the Aboriginal Health Centre is paid for with white tax money. The flag they fly is paid for by white Aboriginal assistance. Their schools that are so exclusive are paid for by white taxpayers. I can truthfully say that I have seen 7 working Aboriginals in my life....and then they were only 1/8th which is convenient because they can work and claim all the benefits. The full-bloods can only be seen on Thursday when they call in to Centrelink to collect their "sit-down" money (the dole).
Ok, I admit, I used to be a picky eater when I was a kid…but we also had to be a bit careful about what and where we ate, when we lived in Central America. We usually avoided eating “street food” from vendors and little suspicious looking restarants in the market or on the corner…anyways…all this to say, I had never eaten a Shuco before! Maybe I would have been thrown off by the name, even if I had been brave enough to try one when I was a kid….shuco (pronouced “shooo-co.” not like shuck) is slang for something gross, dirty, disgusting. Ha ha!
3.Brain Police "Mystic Lover" from Beyond The Wasteland
I do not suppose many normal people have heard of Niue, but it is a South Pacific island with a degree of sovereignty sheltering under the shield, as it were, of New Zealand.
Cambies was completely packed with people. No surprise there, as it is one of the most popular bars in Downtown, Vancouver. Lucky for the INTERNeX group we were there early so we avoided having to stand in the long, long line! Cambies is a great place to find cheap beer, an awesome atmosphere and fun people. There are really big tables that can accommodate a large group such as ours and the music always gets you in the mood to party.
If you go to a restaurant once, they will remember you when you go there a second time.
My Prayer: "Lord you have said that the horse is made ready for battle but our victory is found in You, please help us to overcome the battles."
All this to say- I don't know what I want to do with my life (career wise at least!!) but I am ready to actively try to figure that out! So in an effort to give myself more time to try out different things, blogging more being one of them, I have quit my full time, 8-5 job! SCARY!!! It's fun don't get me wrong but it's also a little daunting.
If you’re the GM, you should have a bag filled with all kinds of dice. This is for folk who drop by unannounced, impromtu sessions, and other situations. Even if you’re not, have some extra dice. You never know when you’ll have to roll initiative.
MS: That can all be done with the click of a mouse these days. You can get anything you want online.
ME stitched on whole of my weekend..on my deary weekend..
We painted the only walls in our entire house which have not been painted since we moved in. A hallway was instantly transformed from boring white to a rich welcoming beige/tan. My daughter likes to call it “boring beige” and gets tired of me always painting things “boring beige”. But, I do like boring beige! (Trust me we have enough color going on the walls NEED to be beige!)
So Take That! Spina bifida!!
Have a Thoughtful (?) day!
We have come back together as a family unit, settled into a new home, and three became 4. I am grateful for this comfortable home and for Baby J who completes our family and gives birth to the sister in Miss A.
5. Using a sharp knife, begin making diagonal cuts on your handle to make the triangular edges. Continue along all the edges of the handle and basket.
That just isn't the point of Christmas is it?
“I assume everybody thinks they’re a top-five quarterback,” Flacco said when asked where he thinks he ranks among NFL quarterbacks. “I mean, I think I’m the best. I don’t think I’m top five, I think I’m the best. I don’t think I’d be very successful at my job if I didn’t feel that way. I mean, c’mon? That’s not really too tough of a question.
A nearby fountain had sprayed a mist upon the wind which had settled on that very ledge. Randolph was falling before he even realized.
Your dark smiling eyes full of contentment and love
Cover the tray with aluminum foil and pop it in a preheated oven. Bake at 450F (225C) for 45 minutes.
You can see far as far your eyes can see.
MINUSES - The front is a bit busy. I think the card would look better without the smaller action picture or the signature, preferably the picture.
'Late for the roundup!' yelled Duck. And off he galloped, into the sunset."
There was a very slight tang to the yogurt that I expected, but it was well balanced with the sweet, strawberry flavours. Compared to PC, I found that the strawberry tasted a lot more natural.
incompetence. But really, what were we to expect? The man has never been
You can see a tasting of sorts (wondering what they compare it to), and an interview with the brewer and others on SWR.de.
* Since Tunnard's activities would have amounted to competitive activity if they were done by a competitor, he owed an obligation as a fiduciary not to misuse information about such activity for his own benefit or for the benefit of someone other than Helmet.
To be honest, it was only ever going to be a digital release, which saddened me because I'm a fan of decent packaging and I still can't get a thrill from an iTunes download. Also we started getting a few enquiries about a physical version, so thankfully HotSkull gave us the go-ahead to include the free EP and splash out a bit on the packaging...which we're really pleased with. It's very limited though, I think there are less than 500 copies and if we repress it won't be the same package.
-Cena to the top…. Leg drop is missed when Brock moves!
“The brain is wider than the sky.” (Emily Dickinson)
Ice towers
kim....i hadn't thought about that, but i was getting anxious, so perhaps you're right about the template change, sugar!
6- Shantaram by Gregory David Roberts. After my re-read of it last year, I realized it would be far better as a movie. It is a pretty eventful book, and there’s something in it that would appeal to a lot of people. It would be particularly interesting to see how it’s edited down to a 2 hour movies, but for some reason, I can’t see the author handing over the rights to turn it into a movie.
Herb and I saw Safe, starring Jason Statham. I always enjoy looking at Statham, but this movie had a little too much violence for me. Lots of shooting and dead people. Herb's more of the action-adventure fan, and he gave the movie an "okay."
Desmond Atkins is 59 years-old and has lived in Crown Heights for most of his life. He knew a lot about the history of the neighborhood and enthusiastically shared his knowledge with us at LaunchPad.
2. The report mentioned that some Palestinians are Lutherans, Catholics and Episcopalians, establishing a link of commonality between them and Americans. The Israeli Likud Party wants Americans identifying only with Israelis, not with Palestinians.
Place the ball in the centre of your left palm and gently press it flat with the fingers of your right hand.
I knew, sooner or later, I would have to do a post about Reiki, because it is such a big part of my life.
Happy Sunday safari
Two rebel fighters were also killed in the dawn attack.
before me,
Where I lived in northern Virginia, raised wipers meant really cold weather was coming and we didn’t want the rubber of the wipers to freeze to the glass.
“Do you know we drove all the way up to Keene Road looking for “Ruby Tuesday”? You would confuse a nation!” commented Rita, as we were comfortably seated and eating at Perkins.
And the cases of autism (never mind the adult population, which I typically don’t narrow down statistics) are probably much higher than bipolar disorder. Never mind in a few cases I’d assume, the disorder has its own form of depression thans to the liberals getting away of identity theft of replacing a person with the name of autism. Instead of “Joey” being “Joey”, after a liberal jerk gave him his disorder now Joey is “Autism” or “Joey suffers with Autism”. (I’m trying to explain that in an idiom form, but I hope you get what I mean.)
I love figuring out new recipes and new ways to use things, so I was quite happy to comply. We eat a lot of turkey in this house and we love Peppadew peppers. A pizza just isn't a pizza for me unless I have chopped peppadew's on it, and as a woman who is always trying to keep my weight down, turkey is a natural and healthy choice.
Daily Gleaner
He said the changes would also improve passenger amenities, enhance baggage handling capabilities and increase the welcoming atmosphere for people arriving in Cayman. However, the premier gave no details about financing for the development or whether the airport would be constructed by China Harbour Engineering Company.
At a dinner on April 13 passengers will eat from a menu made up entirely of dishes which were served on the Titanic and guests will also enjoy a Titanic-inspired dish daily.
Bennett 1-6
Ruan Pienaar has arguably been the standout player in the Heineken Cup this season. His imperious and nerveless form with the boot has provided the platform for Ulster to get to this stage.
I hope you enjoyed the Powder Puff girls team post today and have been inspired to create something beautiful!
We gotta live Wight that, man! But anyway, It’s not a problem to be compared to the Great Old Names 'cause many of the musical ideas you can hear on our records come straight from their age, and most of all straight from the bloody past! We would be fucking hypocrites if we denied that. I'd like to say something for all the name-droppers out there : UNLEASHED, DISMEMBER, CARNAGE, ENTOMBED and NIHILIST aren't the only Swedish bands we know and adore. We also abuse vinyl’s, tapes and cds from many many Scandinavian bands like UTUMNO, early THERION, CRIPT OF KERBEROS, the Norwegian CADAVER, SEANCE, NECRONY, CARBONIZED, ADRAMELECH, CONVULSE, TOXAEMIA, NIRVANA 2002, INTERMENT, FUNEBRE, XYSMA, downtempo death metal crushers ETERNAL DARKNESS, GROTESQUE, FURBOWL, CREMATORY, ABHORRENCE and the likes...
'Thank you for this food. Thank you that Gramps gave me lovely presents. Amen'
In other news, Lucien's teacher called us in for a meeting recently. Allow me to illustrate --
All who know the Negro recognize, however, that the chief and overpowering element in his make-up is an imperious sexual impulse which, aroused at the slightest incentive, sweeps aside all restraints in the pursuit of physical gratification. We may say now that this element of Negro character constitutes the main incitement to degeneracy of the race and is the chief hindrance to its social uplifting. (W.H. Thomas, 1901)
He had been sent to my trainer as a last resort after he had nearly torn his hoof off after rearing up and getting his hoof caught between two cyclone gates.
It is here with emptiness and atonement
Today at our house it was birthday time! We had a monster birthday bash for my son Jonah, who turns six tomorrow! I can't believe he is getting so big! Time sure flies, doesn't it? We had so much fun with the monster theme for our party. I especially loved our little "photo booth" where the kids got to wear monster smiles and get their pictures taken.
*I do want to be able to effect huge change, but I don’t want to have the kind of responsibilities inherent therein.
The other reason I don’t own any of these films is because the television station Spike seems to play both trilogies in their entirety something like every other weekend. The truth is, I am more likely to watch any of the Star Wars films by happening upon them on TV than by conscious choice. Other movies that I will never need to see again, but will assuredly watch if I find them on TV include The Shawshank Redemption and An American President. I suppose I can thank TBS and TNT for that. I don’t want to look through my movie collection. Making choices is hard. If I’m plowing through the TV stations on my TV is precisely because I don’t want to think.
I try to understand the other side's perspective on this issue, as I think that a lot of people have fear about what they are not exposed to, but while individuals - or even religious institutions - may not support the right of gay couples to wed, there is really no legal basis for this argument, and therefore I'm still at a loss for how states continue to uphold open discrimination. The anti-gay marriage advocates should relish this time, however, because the days of discriminating against gay couples who wish to marry are numbered; CT, IA, NH, VT, NY and the District have set the tone, and the rest of the states will start falling in line.
Wheeljack – Are you really going to tell me the one in Prime is any better ,and Bay called him Que ,the Wheeljack moniker was Hasbro’s idea . I could go on and on but let me sum it up .
22 boxes of fruit snacks
Although by the third text within over the two week period of her upcoming visit that said something to the effect of of,
Here are some (blurry) photos of our new place. I'll have to take more when it's light out & Joe's camera isn't dying.
Now, say you've written an awesome book and it's a fun romantic story. You query an agent and call it a contemporary romance. The agent sees the genre and ... what?
Sometimes I was sure silence was the only option.
I can't wait to send out my valentines! I hope they brighten someone's day and spread a little love.
There is one small part of the dishwasher that I do miss - the ability to stack the dishes out of sight until they're washed. But it's not enough of a reason for me to put up with the downsides. In the space the dishwasher once stood, I now have extra storage for recycled jars and bottles and my spare dish drainers. I don't have a door there, it's a red and white check curtain. I'm very happy with this arrangement, it suits my kitchen and the way I work and I'm pleased the dishwasher has gone. It's nothing fancy, but neither am I. All I need is an effective method that suits the way I work, and after shuffling around I finally have it.
So am I scared of commitment? No, just scared of someone being all up in my space and face and suddenly realizing I’m not really as wonderful and put together as they thought (and as I advertised). Keeping up appearances is tiring and I need someone to see through all of that and think I’m the best thing since sliced bread.
The 2 kits compliment each other really well. The green thickers are from the Feb kit and the black from Jan.
Henry and Dorothy Angest: chairman and chief executive of Arbuthnot Banking Group and non-executive chairman of Secure Trust Bank Plc. Donations: £1.5m.
Why did this happen?
You see, it turned out, that there had been a big problem having Jack Sparrow in Disneyland: he was turning the chicks on, making the Happiest Place on Earth a tad too happy, ifyouknowwhatimean. Reportedly breasts were flashed. Breasts in Disneyland?! Mickey no likey. And that was the reason Jack Sparrow wouldn’t pose with anyone in the park, because he was under strict orders not to, lest any women might lose control. (ARGH!) But the don’t-stop-and-linger-with-the-lasses rule didn’t deter the breast-flashers, so Jack was booted from the park shortly after our trip there.
With Yellow: Beak
Jackson - 161
It has been very encouraging to see so many different people checking in at the blog and leaving your kind comments. I do hope to make things up for my absence in the near future. Thank you all for caring so much.
Think …. let’s all think … how often do we say “I love you Allah?” … maybe as often as 50 times a day but let’s all don’t just use lip service …. let’s all say it and mean it and proof it by actions.
I couldn't wait to try out my SuperMarket Smarty as it seems like I am always getting home from the store and realizing I have forgotten something. I love that it folds up to a nice size and also comes with a reusable marker and magnet clip. I love that the SuperMarket Smarty is able to be used over and over again so when my reusable marker runs out I can simply purchase another one and still stay organized. The magnet clip is perfectly sized and really stays put on the fridge without sliding and holds onto the SuperMarket Smarty without any problems. On the clip there is a slot that holds the dry erase market in place for each use, no need to worry about losing it.
That is the sticking point for me. While I believed an anti-hero needed some redeeming qualities, Marty has taught me that it’s more than that. Even though I can see that Marty loves his son and he struggles to deal with his mother’s suicide, it’s not enough for me to want to continue to watch him. And this is why:
And one of the first things that Vera has taught me is...dream big.
The dining room is nearly finished. Why do all the little things at the end of a project seem to take so darn long?
dozens of times while I drift in and out of sleep.
An (my student several years ago) and En are influential fashion and photography bloggers. They are on Preview magazine's Creative It List 2011! Check out their blog here.
Why I finished it: At one point the computer game seems to read Nick’s mind about a hard-to-find band t-shirt he wants, and mysteriously delivers that t-shirt to Nick’s hands. I had to find out if the game was really conscious – is it a person running the show? a ghost in the machine? aliens? I also found myself wishing that Erebos was a real game so that I could play it.
Now back to regularly scheduled programming...
Both fighter are exchaning punches – typically one at a time right now. Sinlutanesouly landing some jabs.
Big crafty hugs
My legs and feet are massively swollen most days, which is extraordinarily painful, and my legs, from knees to ankles, are covered with large, fluid-filled, inflamed, blisters, also very painful.
This is a modified version of Ginger Cake from Delia Smith, the reigning doyenne of British home cooking, who is not to be sniffed at just because she thought it was a good idea to advocate buying canned sliced onions as a shortcut (Gross me out with a spoon.), or write a recipe on how to boil an egg (Poaching I can understand. But hard boiling? Really?).
Then we need you to come along on the 26th May to the Jubilee Celebrations on Woodlands Park and spend, spend, spend.
- I haven't been offered a new book deal (yet)
Rewarded for launching 50 blue fireworks = 1 Anniversary Token.
Pin in place. Stitch up each side (I go from the bottom to the top) with a 3/8ths of an inch seam (I just follow my walking foot because it seems wider). Be sure to reinforce your stitches where you begin and end. When you are done, reverse the bag and check that your seams line/match up perfectly.
According to a programme sheet, today’s entry-free carnival was supposed to start at 10am.
Something that continually bugs me about a certain subset of feminism (essentialists, primarily, but I’ve also seen this from the libertarian side of the movement): the insistence that questioning a woman’s choices, or suggesting that her behavior is influenced by peer or media messages is somehow sexist in itself. The argument is that such questioning implies women aren’t smart enough to make their own informed decisions, and is therefore paternalistic, at best.
Go ahead, roll your eyes, I can relate. This blog was born of a cynicism harder than Dick Cheney’s aorta and a higher degree in eye rolling. So if it’s jaded skeptic credentials you’re wanting, look no further.
During revisions I’ll find myself asking, “Would he really say that?”
Anyways, think about this “sometimes the best way to hold on to something is to let go”. If we aren’t grateful for what we have, we can’t really appreciate it, and it’s going to feel like we have “nothing” no matter what we do. But there’s an opposite to this. It’s hard to be grateful for everything, but trying is sometimes good enough. If we stop for only one minute/day to think about what we really have I honestly think we would feel just a slightly bit happier. And do you know what? Somehow I think that little speck of happiness is big enough to grow and become something bigger. Try to make a list of 10 things you’re grateful for and see how many of these things you take for granted.
However the only sort of “dualism” that I am willing to consider seriously is the dualism of form and matter to which I appealed in the discussion of rationality (and I take that to be a major concession). The question of the form-matter distinction is an interesting question for general metaphysics (and physics), and it is at the level of general metaphysics that it will have to be resolved one way or another: it is not ultimately, I argue, a problem particular to the metaphysics of mind. So the hope for a natural semantic of psychological predicates is still alive, granting that human beings may be possessed, like everything else in nature, of formal properties that are different from physical properties. Other than that (admittedly major) caveat, it is my view that there are only physical properties. So I will now have to argue that there are no phenomenal properties. A successful argument will have to persuade the reader that the absent-qualia problem has been satisfactorily addressed.
With the warm weather the grass is tall around our house and the ewes enjoy going out on it during the day, then gathering around the barn at night. We brought home 67 ewes to lamb, and after two weeks only have 22 left. We have had mostly twins this year and just a few sets of triplets. David's sheep are out to Promontory, and he has loads of triplets along with several sets of four and five lambs!
Additionally, PS Vita is equipped with a 5″ OLED touchscreen, dual analog sticks, precise rear multi-touch screen, two cameras and a built-in microphone that can be used with any Skype-certified headset.
My writing!
These statements are generalizations, of course. A person is not really limited by their right brain or left brain dominance, and writers come in all flavors. The generalizations, based on my own Gram and Imma and my knowledge or brain dominance, act as a starting point for further exploration. I love hearing how others find their own unique versions of Gram and/or Imma after reading their stories and allowing their mind to become aware of their own intricacies.
Now off to Virginia!
As an entrepreneur I frequently am asked for my advice on starting a new business, and while I’ve shared my so-called wisdom with dozens of future business owners, I’m not sure I’ve ever passed it along to my blog readers who, as writers, are all entrepreneurs and business owners.
I checked on Wikipedia and found out that the word forward is the code word for socialist, Marxist and communist magazines, newspapers, and campaigns.
and remember His precepts to do them.”
By: Wendy, at The Weekend Gourmet
Mouth feel: There is a very full, creamy feel to this brew.
Prostitution is pregnant with disease, a disease infecting not only the guilty but contaminating the innocent wife and child in the home with sickening certainty almost inconceivable; a disease to be feared as a leprous plague; a disease scattering misery broadcast, and leaving in its wake sterility, insanity, paralysis, and the blinded eyes of little babes, the twisted limbs of deformed children, degradation, physical rot and mental decay. - The Social Evil in Chicago (1911)
I apologize for the lack of action around here—I've been enjoying the outdoors with friends and family. It's been in the 80's with low humidity and nothing but sunshine. That means one thing in Florida: Spring is here!
The hops smell is all around you
Best time: 1:21.997 Best time: 1:21.825
In the late 1980s, I was a Christian and I was perfectly sincere about it. Then at the turn of this Century, I was a Baha’i and just as zealous about that. And in both cases, I have turned away from those religions because I found them to be flawed and unworthy of my allegiance, perhaps even completely false, as many do believe. But if I had died at either time, would it have been fair for God to condemn me for following a false religion?
That's me at USC Norris Cancer Hospital in Los Angeles. This was after my surgery. I am sparing you a "real" look, and sharing just a glimpse instead.
She took out her rage on the helpless creature after hearing that her brother had killed hers by kicking an exercise ball in which it was playing last June.
“It was so moving. I felt like I was watching these incredible creatures move across a landscape before man was around,” Mr. Brandt said.
The CIA's claim that it found bin Laden on its own is equally false. In fact, the intensive focus on the compound in Abbottabad was the result of crucial intelligence provided by the Pakistani intelligence agency, the Directorate for Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI).
April 23, 2012
Today I think I’ll keep going here until I reach 2,000 words. I’ve probably done that once before and come close a few times. So that’s not something that I’ve never done. I simply want to do that everyday. It’s a stretch if you’ve been averaging even 1300 words a day because that’s an increase of over 50%. You may want to be less ambitious – maybe in the 20% range every time you decide to go to the next level.
If you are already a follower of my blog I thank you - all you have to do is leave a comment about this post. If you are not already a follower of my blog - please become a follower and leave a comment about this post by Sunday, June 26th. The winner will be chosen using a random generator next Monday, June 27th!!!
I’m sure by now you all have noticed that I didn’t post the sixth issue of RetroRewind dealing with Leisure Suit Larry 6: Shape Up or Slip Out. Why is that you might ask? Well I became extremely busy dealing with real life stuff and while I was able to finish the game; I was not able to write-up a review. This Monday is my wife and my one-year wedding anniversary, and tomorrow we leave for a trip to Disneyland; which also happens to be where our wedding took place. (At the Disneyland Hotel, not in the park mind you.) I will finish the RetroRewind series during this trip, but probably only releasing the last two parts over the whole trip in some fashion. No matter how awesome you all are, the simple truth is that my wife is far more awesome. That also is proven by the fact that she is going to drive the last third of the journey to California tomorrow so that I can write a review and maybe play a bit of Leisure Suit Larry: Love for Sail. So look forward to that.
stretched long in slats of sun on wood-grained floor.
Sometimes a group of us will get together and just spend a quiet day nibbling snacks, enjoying each other's company, and taking a break from the holiday insanity out there among the English. If we exchange gifts, we try to make them ourselves, or give things that encourage and nurture our spiritual or creative selves. Things will be a little sparse this year, and Someone and I have agreed not to exchange anything...we want the kids to have a nice holiday, although Sprout wouldn't know or care if she got a gift as long as there was a box and some ribbon to play with.
“While some applicants are not selected, we thank them for their participation, continue to encourage them to speak out, and we look forward to working with them in the future,” he said.
The blue screen of death. The dreaded loss of all important pictures. The newsletter I put out for the local homeschooling community. So much lives in my computer. And it kept crashing, and rebooting, and coming back on, only to turn blue, and reboot again.
c. Alabang (weekends only) — Alabang Town Center, Festival Mall
For the sauce;
Use a PDF Reader and download handbooks to your IPhone or Itouch. This option works well for both because you only need Internet access for the initial set up. Once it is set up, you will just open the application on your IPhone and then open the handbook that you want to see.
Medieval doctrine to fight for; blood shed over a fabled story.
Copyright 2012 by V. L. Locey
Danielle leaned back in her chair. “Lou Jo is one of the crudest black market dealers on the planet. Aryc was hired to be one of her servants – cook, bartender, hit man. He had his own cottage. You would think that Lou Jo and Aryc were an item, but they are not and never will be. She’s a lesbian. She pays him enough for him to stick around but not be totally loyal.” She gestured to the tape. “The Fraulein got started with Syber through DRC and Andrew. She liked the opportunity so much that she had William Balko killed. Andrew knew that Lou Jo was up to something. He feared that she would take over DRC, or so I was told. Lou Jo suspected that Andrew was too meddlesome, so Aryc was sent to kill him, too. But you all already knew that.”
Twilight would be a pretty standard teen romance thing if it weren’t for the relentless misogyny of it all. Now, me outing a movie for being mysoginistic is pretty ironic, when you consider the movies I usually enjoy watching. But at least The Texas Chainsaw Massacre (a) isn't directed at teenage girls and (b) doesn't normalise the lady-hate and make it seem romantic. See, unlike most other chick-flick heroines, Bella doesn’t have a strong, wilful personality. She is completely beholden to Edward. He tells her what to do, and she doesn’t question him. He tells her where to go, and she goes. He treats her like shit, and she laps it up. The way he treats her might be acceptable if Bella had a strong personality, but she doesn’t. Her biggest character trait, for instance, is falling over a lot. Which, coincidentally, she shares with the lead character in Scary Movie 1-4 and Julianne Moore in Evolution. That she is so character-free makes her merely a Mary-Sue placeholder for teenage girls, allowing them to imagine themselves in her place (“OMG I can like so totally empathise with her. I let guys treat me like shit too! Ooh, look, he’s so hunky”).
So, what about Alex you ask? Well, after searching long and hard I have found the perfect plant. Hemerocallis 'Alexander the Great', a daylily! There is a place up the road that sells it and they will be open soon. I have the perfect place saved for Alexander the Great...right next to Rachel of course.
Although I should have never gotten into an argument and debate with them over God’s Word, the basis of my point was true. Experience is not always the best teacher.
Or if it hurts too much then I will walk. Then book an appointment with the doctor I think…. stupid Oversupination.
Dear Lilly,
Globe, cast metal figure, ball
In Your Son's Precious Name,
This has typically involved abducting, raping or otherwise sexually attacking hundreds of mainly white girls aged 11 to 16, as well as enslaving them through alcohol and drugs and grooming them for sex.
Goodbye South Africa it must be. It's not you sweet SA, it's me. I just need some time alone, you know, to figure out where I'm going in life and whatnot. You deserve someone better, you do! I would just make you unhappy in the end. We could never grow old together. You'll be so much happier without me and you'll find happiness with that special someone. I'm only leaving you open for that person.
May the fields be free of darnel that harms the eyesight,
In order to retain recognition, the group was told it must eliminate the sentence requiring that leaders have a “personal commitment to Jesus Christ.”
Linda Jones, 50, New York, N.Y.
After a vegetarian breakfast we would go to work. This was my routine day after day. At one point I joined the orchestra of the guru’s brother and found myself flying to England to play. For me this was a dream come true. The orchestra was about 56 pieces with another 10 or so people to manage, provide food, and schedule events. We played at many of the guru’s appearances. We were gearing up for an event called Soul-Rush. This was a 10-city tour of the East Coast and Midwestern U.S. to attract people to the 1974 Houston Astrodome event known as the Millennium.
Well, maybe there’s some truth in what they say. Certainly in our sprawling urban towns and cities our primary communities are often no longer where we live, or even where we work, meaning that often we feel ‘impersonal’ in those settings. But others have noted that actually all they want from a coffee shop is a good cup of coffee, at a reasonable price, with a pleasant enough experience. Therefore, as Chris Hackley, a marketing expert from Royal Holloway, put it, to be on first-name terms with your barista is ”a bogus personalisation of an economic relationship. Friendship needs to be genuine.”
70. Francis Marion Tarwater's uncle had been dead for only half a day when the boy got too drunk to finish digging his grave and a Negro named Buford Munson, who had come to get a jug filled, had to finish it and drag the body from the breakfast table where it was still sitting and bury it in a decent and Christian way, with the sign of its Saviour at the head of the grave and enough dirt on top to keep the dogs from digging it up. —Flannery O'Connor, The Violent Bear it Away (1960)
—– Ramakishore Ancha (2nd Sem –MSACS)
i seriously didn't do too much here. as i said, i just wanted to relax. i wandered around town a lot. i made friends with the filipina bar maid at the hotel. she had a boys name like TheMax or something. that saturday night, she invited me to go out with her and her friends to a filipina bar. it was halfway up one of the taller buildings in aqaba. we went in through a shady back door, through some partially dismantled room with lots of insulation and not a lot of lighting. i was starting to get concerned, but soon enough the broken down rooms opened onto a rooftop bar with other filipinos. there was one or two other ex-pats playing pool or throwing darts. we ate pretzel sticks, and i drank beer while they chatted away in their own language, occasionally flirting or making fun of me. i couldn't tell, but then again, i never can. i dawdled doing nothing of much import for 3 days, reveling in the fact that i had no responsibilities, schedules, or timelines to follow, though in fact i did. not on those days, but i DID need to see petra while i was there and i was told i needed to see wadi rum as well. i was off to petra on the 17th, and i did an overnight in the wadi rum desert with a bedouin tour guide and a lovely british couple... kinda, but those are for upcoming and more frequent posts. until then, some pix from aqaba.
– Nearly Half in U.S. Say There Are Too Many Inmates, 1/5 Could be Freed
Add ice water, a tablespoon at a time until it forms into soft dough.
It’s a small club of which I find myself a member – the one that includes parents who at some point in time came close to losing their child, or wondering if they were going to make it to the next day. (I don’t even attempt to truly know what it feels like to have lost a child.) This is not a club for which anyone would volunteer.
Believe me I am not complaining,in some ways I enjoy it. I am also very thankful for my Etsy shop, I'm just stating a fact of my life. I guess we all do a balancing act of some sort in our daily lives.I often wonder though how everyone else does it. Any secrets,or tips you might want to share with this blog newbie?
Government of Ontario, Ministry of Consumer and Business Services (MCBS)
And my children now think that pasta constitutes its own food group.
1. Iron the interfacing onto the back (wrong side) of the black fabric. I used flannel, or you could cotton quilting fabric for the road. You could also use felt, but I really liked the flannel and cotton look and feel. Felt doesn't seem to wash as well, if you plan on washing this.
I was reading a story about the test flights of a new plane today. Like almost always when I am on-line one story leads to another and pretty soon I am in a totally unrelated place from my start. Today I was led to another article about the storage of retired airliners in the desert. This is just another area where I find acute interest. One of the planes featured in the article was the famous or infamous 'Gimli Glider'
Just look at it!!! That black! Rich and deep. Absolutely perfect. So if you only want a few yards each of a lot of colors, Lizbeth is a go! BUT, I'm saying this for the millionth time, Red Heart size 30=super awesome and cheap for home dyeing. 30 really is perfect. But yeah, the Lizbeth turned out pretty great. The only thing is that it's still tricky to dye different colors unless you have some SUPER strong dyes.
Mieka hasn't been sleeping well the past two nights. She's been up screaming hysterically, clinging to me and wanting me to stay with her through the night. This makes for a very tired Mieka, and a grouchy mommy. She's stopped napping most days, but today I insisted that she needed to sleep. After a couple of hours, I heard some footsteps on the stairs. Mieka appeared:
The oldest in the family were Mary and Tom; then followed (I’m not certain of the order) John, Mick, R.J., Rona (Veronica), my dad—William (Harry), Josephine (Josie), Betty, Odran (called Hugh), Jane (called Girlie)and Patrick (Pat).
The second most important quality for a successful creative writer is the ability to keep calm. When a writer is under pressure, they can be tempted to run with the first idea that comes to mind, rather than waiting for a more creative and unique idea. If they can stay calm and continue searching for better ideas their writing will improve immensely. Remember that you can always delete that chunk of text and no one will be the wiser. Most writers write because they enjoy it (I don’t know what other reasons one might have), so enjoy it! If it’s weird or wonky that’s okay. The best stuff is.
Perhaps they were
1 1/2 tablespoons sugar
b) Gender, part 1: Holly is a rather unambiguously feminine name, and I am a rather ambiguously feminine person. I'm more comfortable with a masculine/neutral name.
I. Feel. Like. Superwoman.
November 4 - Cynthia Myers, model (Playboy) and actress ("Beyond the Valley of the Dolls"), 61
Sometimes torn, sometimes more
Remote wireless speakers allows you to enjoy audio from movies or music from every corner of your house produced with the latest wireless technology remote. They can put it anywhere, because this gadget does not require a long cable and electricity tend to be more frugal.
“Go buddy, fast… u can do it!”
throughout the day thoughts come into my head and i think "i need to blog this so i can remember it!" and then the tiny amount of time i have to get on the computer, i can't remember what they were.
This is not something we should despise. No doubt, some religious extremists would wish, in such circumstances, to push their own hardline viewpoint on to vulnerable patients and their families.
My best friend from college came to visit me recently. I had a fantastic weekend with her, it's amazing how much we have to say, somehow we never run out of stuff to talk about.
To return to Lakoff’s idea: that Occupy frames itself “on the basis of its moral focus, not a particular agenda or list of policy demands.” What would this look like in practice? Lakoff’s analysis of the “nurturant” morality which underlies progressive politics suggests the following:
All the temples we explored highlighted how great Khmer architecture is. The temples are mostly destined to enshrine immortal gods to serve as their palace. The need to build the finest possible residence for the gods necessitated only the best materials like brick, laterite, and sandstone, the very reason why the intricate details of the bas relief art works on temple walls that are well-preserved until present day.
4. Remember still that your are one flesh; and therefore be no more offended with the words or failings of each other, than you would be if they were your own. Be angry with your wife for her faults no more than you are angry with yourself for your own. Have such an anger and displeasure against a fault, as will work to heal it; but not such as will cause festering and aggravation of the diseased part. This will turn anger into compassion, and will cause you to administer care for the cure. (19)
This is when I got mad. What is wrong with this woman? She is getting loud, and pointing, and accusing me of something I didn't do. I'm the customer. Did she forget that?
“If you listen closely on track one of Fire,” Lane continues, ”you can hear a piano take from ‘Like Dirt, and the reasoning behind leading off our debut the way we did is because it seemed like the easiest way to branch the end of the last record, which we’re still unsure of how it will end, with the beginning of the first one…and also, because, we wanted people, if they’re on drugs when they’re listening to it, to feel really weird and then feel even weirder.”
Don’t put hot food inside your fridge or freezer; allow it to cool down naturally first. Less cooling work your fridge-freezer has to do, the less energy it will use.
You must excuse me. I am a stranger here. Your courtesies and traditions bewilder me, though I find them beautiful and intriguing, like the Japanese written language. I have not yet found my voice, but when I do, that language is one of many I will learn.
Here is the album page by page. The picture quality isn't that great, but I can't maneuver the album in my light tent to take pics. Here's the video link if you're interested in watching me go through the album and explain how each page was made. You'll be able to see the insides of all the cards and all the tags in the album also.
It was coated in the deliciously heady smell of turpentine.
I will try to pop back here when I can but you can imagine there is lots I need to do....lets hope that 'to do' rail remains empty for a while eh?
And that’s why he gets paid the big bucks.
There were many things I found enjoyable in Lady Baltimore. The writing was delightful-and-pleasant. For the most part. When the narrator is discussing race, well, it would be difficult to find charm in that...at all...but when the focus is on society, on social issues, on manners and traditions, courtship, etc., then it is a great way to spend a week. (When it comes to observation and characterization, think Austen or Trollope.)
Why do they end up with 1 or more parents in jail or prison, raised by various family members who can't take care of themselves, let alone someone else's children?
Benjamin turned and took a long, last look at Tanieux. Then he adjusted his backpack, picked up his suitcase, and walked away.
And of course, if your life-of-copyright contract has NO reversion or termination clause--and these are out there, believe me; I've seen them--run away. Fast.
Police Insp. Marianette Olivier confirmed the murder – and said any member of the public who may have more informaiton, may phone the investigating officer, at telephone 042 200 6833. It’s not known if anything was stolen from the house.
And yet, the blogging, the writing that I show my friends, the writing contests I enter, the careful way in which I choose what to wear when I walk to down the streets of NYC all point to a fundamental need for me. Even when I’m in a bad mood, I seem to crave positive attention.
Today dark, hanging clouds
He loved his grandmother, hated his father and loathed the musical concert hall but here he was. It was a good thing he found her to be entertained. She was fiery and talkative. Most of the ton knew her but no man had her. Gareth wondered what had come over him but he found himself in cohots with Hyacinth and he wanted to know more.
Here is the latest scammer and my responses to them:
Don't forget about the giveaway going on! Go here to enter! I have decided to continue taking entries until Midnight on October 15th. I have to work all day tomorrow and won't have time to pick a winner. So I will do that on Saturday the 16th.
Well, just wait and see.
When I was in eighth grade, I would have extremely vivid fantasies involving Leonardo.
Basically, what it comes down to, is with our personal expenses on cloth diapers, we have saved ourselves about $650 just on diapering Adeline. And Lord-willing, we would like to have other children...they will basically be diapered at little to no cost.
My lips are zipped.
Pursuit of squirrel is a mighty journey for Dog.
From Sourcebooks via NetGalley. Release date: October 1st.
What made matters worse for Melissa was that, by her own admission, she has always been highly competitive. It is a trait that in other areas of her life, her schooling, exams, has served her well.
** Many thanks to Emily Evans on the Facebook page for giving me this anecdote.
*Carlos has been blogging since 2010 that America is Babylon as revealed to him by the Lord.
3. The colors are ugly and distracting.
One of the more fashionable responses to any Christian’s objection to the legalization of “gay marriage”, or for that matter, any objection to anything blatantly immoral in modern society, is to immediately announce that since the Bible (allegedly) endorses slavery, anything it has to say on any moral issue is completely irrelevant.
We’re in the army now
-The Little Mermaid ride is a true “Tower of Terror”
Somebody once said that the grass is always greener on the other side?
Even though school was cancelled yesterday. I still went in for part of the day.
This is one of my favorite posts. I remember sitting on my sofa and feeling like I just had to write. In that moment, I embraced creativity and began writing again.
ADHESIVES: Tombow Powerbond, Xyron Permanent Adhesive, 3M Foam Tape
Danny Murphy
I’ve noticed that most people tend to keep to themselves when they ride on the subway and they ignore the wonderful opportunity that they have to really get to know someone that they might otherwise never run into. Like, when riding in Manhattan, it is not uncommon to sit near a woman who is on her way to a photo shoot. What better way to start your day than to talk to an up and coming model who just happens to be sitting within a few feet of you?
I found myself walking about 10 feet behind two young police officers as I made my way home down Franklin... when one asked the other (raising his voice enough for me to hear), "Hey, is that the guy you thought was drinking earlier?" as he gestured at an elderly man heading into the BNI Laundromat. The second officer answered "yeah," and the first replied excitedly, "Let's fuck with him! Let's fuck with him!" I'm glad Nick is out there, being watchful. But I wish he'd stepped up and asked the cops for their names and badge numbers.
#75. energy after a delicious fruit smoothie
After all, I'm a human mother. And my children are human children. And I want to have the best possible relationships with my children, two of my favorite humans on the planet.
For those who are interested in the book, here's a description provided by the author:
That they may teach the young women to be vigilant, to love their husbands, to love their children. Titus 2:4
Jim Halsey...C. Thomas Howell
JMW
Co-founded by Charles Koch in 1977, in recent years, the Cato Institute has hosted numerous D.C.-based briefings featuring various climate skeptics. A briefing book Cato distributed among members of the 107th Congress dismissed the Kyoto protocol and further asked, “Is the way the planet warms something that we should even try to stop?”
Blame the head-full-of-mush but I can't think of interesting answers to the tricky ones, so I'll just do the easy ones - any wine, vintage, I would love to live by the sea in my dotage, and I love high heels but my feet don't.
The night before my team and I left I spent the afternoon with Boy, and waited for his mother Margaret outside the tailoring classroom. When class had finished and she came out I handed her the umbrella and the bag of things I wanted to leave with them. A big smile road across her face as she looked at the things, and Boy’s face exploded with teeth when I began to put the watch around his little wrist. “Boy, this watch has been to China, America, Holland, England, South Sudan and now... Now it is going to your house,” they both laughed and more big smiles escaped their lips. Margaret looked me right in the eyes and said, “Ahhh, Erica. Boy’s father died two years ago. Today you are his father. God has heard my prayers. Today you are my father and my mother. You take care of us. Thank you, thank you.” Those things didn’t seem
I also joined Swagbucks after seeing it promoted on this personal finance blog, though I’m not sure if it’ll be any help. It’s taken me two weeks to get to 100 points, for instance, and the minimum for a $5 gift card from Amazon is 450 points. Speaking of which, I’m also an Amazon Associate, though it does take a while to collect enough for a gift card. Still, every little bit helps, though there are a few lines I don’t want to cross – like having Google ads on my blog.
We were a little away from the coast and the waves had risen again, they were raising our flank and making us lurch. We paddled furiously through the white breakers, dodging rocks as we went. Michelle and Jacob came into view, so we used them as incentive to paddle harder and beat them to the beach. Nothing like a bit of competition to focus the mind.
He also introduced Takayoshi to the late Lloyd Greenwood who took the Japanese visitor around the Fairfield area of the town, where his father had stayed. Mr Greenwood was also able to put names to faces in Takayoshi’s father’s photograph album.
Chapter 15: Advanced SOA Suite Architecture
That clip of Laurence Guittard accompanied by Donna McKechnie as well as Michael Gruber and Danette Holden, the actors playing the young versions of their characters Ben Stone and Sally Durant, and Billy Hartung as the young Buddy Plummer, comes from the great 1998 production of Stephen Sondheim's Follies by the Paper Mill Playhouse of Millburn, N.J. Follies premiered on Broadway 40 years ago today, the second in Sondheim's incredible run of musicals directed by Harold Prince in the 1970s. It followed their groundbreaking musical Company the year before which earned 14 Tony nominations and won six, including best musical. A big difference with Follies was that its famed choreographer Michael Bennett was credited alongside Prince as co-director. I was fortunate enough to see the Paper Mill production of Follies, living in Parsippany, N.J., at the time. What a heady cast it had. In addition to Guittard (who earned a Tony nomination as Count Malcolm in the original Broadway production of Sondheim's A Little Night Music) and McKechnie (the original Cassie in A Chorus Line), the cast included Dee Hoty, Tony Roberts, Eddie Bracken, Ann Miller, Kaye Ballard, Phyllis Newman and Liliane Montevecchi. I'd never seen a Follies production before that, but it already was one of my favorite Sondheim scores, despite the fact the cast recording of the 1971 original is widely considered one of the all-time botch jobs. It's so incredible that many numbers were cut during the process of putting the show together so Paper Mill did a great service by doing a cast recording that not only included the show's songs but recordings by the cast of the many cut numbers, making it the most complete recording ever. It's a treasure, but then almost every song from Follies is a gem even if, as is often the problem with many musicals, especially Sondheim's, the book by James Goldman doesn't meet the same level of excellence as the brilliant compositions. As our intrepid Senior New York Theater Correspondent Josh R said, "On rare occasions — and I think that they are more rare than many are given to suppose — a book doesn’t make or break a show, and the score of Follies is so rich, varied and gorgeous to listen to that it can probably absorb whatever deficiencies the show has as a whole. Certainly, Follies’ flaws haven’t prevented it from enjoying an extended life beyond its initial production; the show is always seemingly going up somewhere, and audiences are always happy to greet its return." How true Josh's words are, and that's why I salute the 40th anniversary of Follies' Broadway opening.
We aren't home enough.
Have you ever wondered why your attention is kept focused on such unimportant matters as what outrageous thing today’s celebrity-of-choice is doing, what wonderful new gadget is on the market, what the fashion gurus are presenting, what foolish thing the president said or did? It’s sleight of hand to keep you focused on the trivial while the world as you think you know it slips away from you.
(3 hour-half day or 6 hour-all day version)
1- (16 ounce) container sour cream
I won’t pretend that I think that I am seeing everything as it should be seen. I realize that circumstances have tipped the world up on its edge and some of the most familiar things look different at this angle. But it would be foolish of me not to use this time to re-examine myself and my perspective. I wanted to continue that sentence with “in hopes of” but I am not sure what if any hopes I have for myself these days. That is not self-pity it is just the way it is.
“Dear Mommy, I love you as much as you love me. You make me sooooo happy. Love, Izzy and Corban.”
Hello my crafty blog friends! Here is a sneak peek at one of the cards for the POTW shows that begin today at noon. This card features the lovely Floral Oval dies, Floral Tag dies and an Embossibility folder that are part of the line up. It is a very simple card and I am not using it as a demo this week so I thought I would show it today and give a quick rundown for you. I started with a piece of lavender card (5 1/2" x 7" in size) and embossed it with the Garden Delight folder. Due to the size of this piece, I had to run it through twice. I wrapped a piece of white crocheted ribbon around the bottom and taped it to the back. I cut the largest size of the Floral Oval in white and attached it with mounting foam. I stamped my sentiment and cut it out with the next size of the Floral Oval set and inked it with Dusty Concord Distress ink while in the die.
Instead they should look to the future and consider a permanent realignment that reflects where the true centre of British politics now is. Look where they suffered most last night; in the North where they used left wing friendly messages to gain seats; and in college/university towns and cities where students supported them as the anti establishment / anti tuition fee party. To some it may seem logical to readopt or re-emphasise these messages and shift to the left to regain lost support in these areas.
Sandoval can still reach the stratosphere with his piercing solos, but during the evening he explored the full range of the trumpet, reaching down deep on occasion, growling in the lower registers before leaping upward with startling cadenzas. He began with one of his older compositions, “Funky Cha Cha,” which allowed the band, comfortably ensconced on The Federal’s stage, to stretch out. That included the redoubtable Bob Sheppard on tenor, Andy Martin on trombone and a young pianist from Sri Lanka (by way of USC), Mahesh Balasooriya. Balasooriya sparkled throughout the set, providing a nuanced counterpoint to Sandoval’s performance.
This past winter, I found myself with some unscheduled “down time.” Part of that was of my own choosing, as I was pretty burned out after finishing work on several projects which all wrapped in mid-late November. I decided to take a “sabbatical” of sorts, but it didn’t take long for me to get bored and want to work on something. I wrote (or, in one case, rewrote) a couple of short stories, a script for what I’d one day like to be a children’s book, and some other small stuff.
Intellectually I know I have to make these cuts for the sake of the book. And I also know that the fact I’m fighting it so hard is a good indication that it is a good idea to make these changes. It’s dangerous to get attached to minor ideas and characters and plot twists but they sap a lot of energy from you and your book.
Western Science Center, Hemet
I wish I could say I formed a plan as I ran, but I didn’t. When I was shredded down to mere survival, my mind started thinking like this:
The one that we had at Mom's house when I was home from college. Mom, my stepdad, my grandmother, my Aunt and her husband. It was the first time I'd taken on some real cooking duties. I wanted everything to be so nice. I read up on how to properly set the table. I really focused on the presentation of my dishes. I think it was one of only about 10 times that dining room was used during the 20 years we lived in that house.
(so true… just as I was so certain that I was going to move to the Pacific NW back in 1994. And I always thought I’d have a high falutin career in Enviro work and I am primarily a professional gardener now… God certainly did have other plans. And I’m grateful for it..)
In her role as HSN’s chief merchandising officer, Martin-Vachon will oversee the product development, assortment, pricing, category expansion and merchandising of HSN brands across all product categories.
We walked out together in silence, losing interest in our coffee, deep in thoughts.
I am an embedded agent of a secret, undercover
No matter how dangerous it got, she would not walk away from the people she had grown to love.
sigh . . .
I remember the first time I heard of a player taking his own life. Andre Waters, a hard-hitting safety for the dominant Philadelphia Eagles teams of the late 80′s and early 90′s killed himself in 2006. After his autopsy, it was discovered that the 44 year old Waters’ brain had degenerated to that of an 85 year old. That same year Terry Long, a retired offensive lineman drank died after drinking antifreeze. Doctors again discovered significant trauma to the brain of the 45 year old. Each of these deaths were very similar, bouts of depression combined with decreased ability to make decisions, increased violence and ultimately death. Even players like Chris Henry, the Bengals receiver who died in a strange auto accident have been discovered to have brain damage at the time of their deaths.
I'm entering this card for the following challenges
I thought I was going to be sick. In my mind I begged her to come back. Asked God to please give me my grandma back, that we had only scratched the surface with her, that my babies were just settling into a wonderful relationship with her, that I still needed my friend. IT.JUST.WASN'T.TIME.
You could just see her brain calculating this all as fast as possible as her 9-year-old brain just discovered what the lottery even was. The dollar signs where flying in her eye balls and coins were ready to pop out her ears.
I am starting with a pub called The Village which is in the West Yorkshire village of Queensbury. It is the first in the series because it was whilst I was sat in its near-empty bar a couple of hours ago that I suddenly thought to myself "I should do a new weekly series on pubs, it will give me a purpose in life". The Village is a relatively new name for a pub that has been around for at least 150 years, and I suspect nearer 200 years. It used to be called The Granby Inn, and it is marked on maps of the village of Queensbury (or Queenshead as it was then called) dating from 1852. The Granby (also The Marquess of Granby) has always been one of the most popular names for pubs in Britain : all were named in honour of John Manners. the Marquess of Granby (1721-1770) who was Commander-in-Chief of British Armed forces in the 1760s and introduced a scheme by which old soldiers could receive help from state funds to buy and operate inns and ale-houses upon their retirement.
The phone rang that afternoon; the owner of the car was in fact an irate doctor who was on call. His window was immediately replaced using the agency’s credit card.
$12 will get you the next three issues
As you travel north to Tennessee from Mississippi with Cass, the reader will without a doubt empathize with Cass when his painful past insinuates itself into the safe cocoon of reflection he prefers. Uninvited images flash momentarily. War is loud. The repeated pounding and thunderous cacophony of canon fire and the constant ping and ring from ricochetted stray bullets whiz capriciously overhead. The ammunition is meant to kill and maim and bayonets are drawn. Sometimes, when a prayer is answered a bedraggled soldier will be spared. It doesn’t matter which side, the bullets and cannonballs originate, they are meant to kill, meant to deafen the sensitive ears and meant to produce the piles of bloody bodies that carpet the hellish landscape. All sense of beauty erased as the scavengers claim clothes, shoes, food and weapons from the dead.
Lift up your heart to heaven
Can you imagine how big that would be on a normal size non-mutant infant??
If I thought I could get up off my knees and not be in horrible, horrible pain ( I bad arthritis in my knees) I would be on them right now. But I will still pour my heart out to him. I will hope and pray that all of this will soon be a distant memory, but still a memory. Something not to be forgotten and cast aside, but something to be learned from and remembered. Something to share with others if the need arise. To somehow become a better person, a better Christian, because I know I am far from it at the moment. I want to learn how to pray better and praise him in the way he deserves. I want to murmur less, but it's hard when pressure keeps piling up. I want to get back into church and be surrounded around other believers. I want to get the joy back into my heart that came from him and goes back up to him in song. I pray I get that chance.
–you like min-maxing and that math
* Did achieving a book deal change the way you approach your writing? And if there are any important lessons you think you’ve learned on your writing journey what do you think they are?
I would have to say that empathy was the biggest factor that encouraged my participation in this project. But getting a chance to have a story alongside this talented array of authors was certainly another big factor. I haven’t read any of the other stories and am just as excited to get the book as anyone else. It’s a great chance to do some good and get a great collection at the same time. That seems like an easy decision for mystery readers.
Be well and I hope to be back soon!
While providing an in-depth look at this segment of American history, Lewis ties up story lines from the five-book series while deftly addressing issues of slavery, immigration, westward migration and religious reformation.
And Alan Simpson and Erskine Bowles, the co-chairs of so-called National Commission on Fiscal Responsibility and Reform, also known as the Cat Food Commission, suggested in their co-chair report cuts that could amount to $650 billion to $1 trillion over those same ten years.
Suction machinr: 9 lbs
Weight Watchers also sent me some great Points Plus merchandise to hand out to my friends who are interested in their new program. We got Points Plus Cookbooks, vegetable peelers (which work so well!), and yummy Mint Cookie Crisps which I also handed out at a playdate to all of the moms and they were in love!
Kiss her man goodnight?
Great schools might work; lousy schools definitely stack the deck against you. Why is society working so hard to kill our natural-born artists? When we try to drill and practice someone into subservient obedience we're stamping out the great artist that lives within.
In the future.
At least I can laugh about it and I hope you did too.
Given the growing Locavore trend, it is becoming increasingly easier to find restaurants and food trucks that feature local ingredients while traveling. The simplest way to seek out these gems is by asking the locals where the best places to eat are, and which restaurants feature local ingredients. Another hint to finding Locavore friendly spots is to follow food bloggers in the area you are visiting.
A dark sense of gloom has spread over France. The ongoing protests against proposed changes in the retirement system seemed to have morphed into something much bigger, potentially unmanageable. Transport is disrupted, long lines are forming at service stations amidst concerns about what might happen if oil and gas refineries stay shuttered, truckers have engaged in work slowdowns, and high school students have taken to the streets. There have been a few isolated reports of violence raising the specter of the type of unrest that raged in the banlieue of Paris back in 2005.
if you would like to try this one out then pop over
It is really sad that somebody would take a birth story, an intimate and open account of a vulnerable time, and make fun, mock, and insult the mother who was brave enough to share it.
“You could always try tickling her,” I suggested.
The removable crossbody strap allows you to add this pouch to your favorite belt and voila – you have a belt bag.
If you have an extra half hour for lunch.
Me: Is Globo not coming through for you guys either? I want to watch my novela!
Proverbs For Kids
Vanity. Yep.
Betty waved her hand again. “Nonsense!” Placing her hands on the sides of her chair, she pushed herself up and ambled over to the white-bricked mantle. She grabbed an envelope, brought it back, and handed it to me.
In all its punny, absurd, horrible goodness.
Geekygirl loves them. With these books, and a set of plastic letters that link together, she is mastering reading. I am getting such pleasure from teaching her, seeing her pride in herself when she sounds out a brand new word. I can glimpse the many many years of reading pleasure ahead of her. Books that haven't even been written yet await an audience of today's five year olds. Just think how much they will be able to cram into those little brains, all from reading. I wish I had more time to work on it with her though. She always seems to ask me "Mummy, make some words for me to read" when I'm in the middle of something. I don't feel like the world's best mum when I say "Not now dear, why don't you go and watch TV?"
On the request of my guruji he created a kanya samskaara for girls which is equivalent to the upanayana samskaara for boys.
The downside of that is if it doesn't work out, you end up in a relationship with some sketchy dude who sells you low-grade shit at street-plus prices. Wait. That's another kind of drug, although the analogy holds pretty well.
Phone: +61 3 90111606
Quietly she turns within the circle of his arms and wraps his waist within her own. Her head finds her spot on his chest. This is her private space and their private time. With respect others do not invade it.
I'm worried about our kids.
If your passion for writing was a color, what color would it be and why?
“As a 13-year old at the time, my decision-making capacity was very limited. I was, by nature, fairly compliant and docile, rather eager to please my parents. I understood nothing of what was being suggested for me and my 15 year-old sister – namely that we participate in some sort of ‘research’ that both our parents had also participated in. Whether the word ‘experiment’ was used, I don’t recall. The term ‘LSD’ was vaguely familiar, however, because my parents were ‘taking’ this drug as a form of ‘quick therapy’ – their term for it – that had been recommended by my uncle, a psychiatrist at a well known east coast medical school. Both parents needed therapy, in my view. While highly successful professionally, my father was a tightly wound, rather angry and insecure man, an accomplished academic, but an ‘industrial strength narcissist,’ as I later called him. My mother was a submissive, obedient, Catholic woman without much identity of her own, other than being a doctor’s wife.
If you are going, I hope to see you there. If you are not going, you are seriously missing out.
There is going to be a prize package of goodies at the end, which will be awarded to one lucky winner - but you must make sure you leave a comment and your email information at each blog you stop at. Everyone's comments will be combined from all of our blogs at the end and the random number thingy will pick one lucky winner - so the more blogs you leave a comment on the greater your chance of winning! Only one comment per blog, please - duplicates will be removed.
- Undies. If you aren't a fan of the mesh undies the hospital gives you, take your own. I personally liked the mesh ones because then I wasn't ruining any of mine. I'll admit I wore them for a few days after coming home too. You already feel like you're wearing a huge bulging diaper, the mesh undies lessen some of the bulk.
You love to eat. But not baby food, you want to eat what ever mommas eating.
Right here, right now, with the current circumstances inside NABC and outside it, I cannot revitalize the beer program at the Pizzeria & Public House if revitalizing it means retaining the previous format.
"It was a huge mistake. It was Mutassim's idea. There were about 45 vehicles, 160-180 men, some of them were wounded," said Daou.
Peach Gardens 1:52:989
No more stalling. Here are the numbers for my third Diet Drop weigh-in:
My target is 2 stone, so I’d like to be closer to my target before we do fly out.
She had kilts they could try on and a real fiddle they could play. The boys loved to wear the kilt and try to practice the Scottish dances we had seen on You Tube. We even talked about the Scottish Highland games - such fun!
During our escape I remember deciding to try to kill the female looking alien-like being who seemed to be controlling/leading/communicating with the zombie-like beings, and she still did not see me since she was too busy controlling/leading/communicating with the zombie-like beings.
or my wrinkles are getting deeper.
Landscape
Yesterday our guests went to the Wensley Food Festival in the morning and then in the afternoon
That is, so far we have zero out of four when it comes to ‘monetary wiggle room’. What about the current account, the fifth indicator?
saying goodbye forever and cherishing the memories.
Great special teams player. Got better every year, consistent improvement. Smart, plus possess a high football I.Q.
Panicked about bleeding from “down there,” I ran to Mom. Although there had been hearsay from school friends, cousins, etc, nothing had been confirmed for me because I had never had “the talk” from either of my parents. Not that they were at fault, I was only ten years old after all. But that’s our family, start early, go through menopause early.
“District hospital # 2 located in the settlement of Uyali was seriously damaged by the powerful mudslide and it currently does not work. All patients from this hospital have been evacuated to Qurghon Teppa and the central district hospital in the administrative center of Khuroson. A temporary camp for the mudslide-affected people has been set up.” Asia Plus reported.
I cut a piece of patterned paper to fit the inside of the card and adhered it, then cut a piece of white cardstock for the center so I'd have a place to write the sentiment. I used a notebook-edge border punch for the top edge of that piece. Then, to make sure the apple was aligned just right, I closed the card and fit the apple into its space like a puzzle piece. I added the sentiment "wonderful teacher" on little paper strips, then finished off the card with a little baker's twine (I just love that stuff!) and a little thank you tag.
Still in Pjs, We stayed in and cooked up some piping hot macaroni and cheese instead…and when that wasn’t enough we made gingerbread men as well….the smell of ginger wafting through the house more than made up for the icy wind beating on the windows and sneaking in under the windows and doors.
Red Cross/Crescent volunteers are also doing similar work with cell phones and malaria in Nigeria. They are using the data collection tool developed by DataDyne, called EpiSurveyor. FOr more info about the software, here is a blog review of EpiSurveyor from Timbuktu Chronicles. In order to scale up malaria prevention (bed nets) and treatment (vaccines/medications), data collection via cell phones can help to streamline disbursal processes and overall disease surveillance.
Then I walked off toward a seat. After the police officer spoke with them, they headed for the furthest gate. I don't know if it was the police officer's suggestion or if they had just had enough of the crazy woman. Either way it was a good idea. The bag on my shoulder had two pair of high heels.....one to chuck at each of their heads.
Dwight Towers and Moira Davidson completely touched me. The way Dwight longed for his wife and children in America in his heart of hearts. Moira Davidson’s love for Dwight and understanding of who he really is completely threw me off.
It was irresponsible of the Post to run the hit piece in the first place, especially given its obvious bias; to retract a critical phrase and replace it without noting the retraction is just as bad.
I have a thing for burgers. My choice usually goes for a ground beef patty, grilled to medium, and topped with an array of garnishes that can sometimes defy explanation. Sometimes, I feel like going in another direction and make my burger with seafood or just veggies.
Metaleptics is the discipline within network ethics which works to understand the manner in which emergence within quasi-liviing populations allows organisms to ‘pick themselves up by their own bootstraps’ by means of evolution. Metaleptics attempts to describe the manner in which the quasi-valuation of robustness by evolution provides an immanent telos to evolution from complexity to robustness. This telos is not absolute or transcendent, but immanent to the very structure of the evolutionary process itself.
She sighed and sipped her coffee, and remembered the incident with the plant. Maybe just to be on the safe side she should check on Howard’s so-called powers. But who to call? She flipped through the phonebook looking for inspiration.
Luckily, I was at dinner with two guy friends from my after school job. I tried to vocalize how irritated I was at the situation I was put in, and I kept checking my phone.
Coconut gratings ------- 3 table spoon
A candidate who talks too much or is over-enthusiastic may irritate the interviewer. This may give the impression that you are difficult to control, will find it hard to listen or keep focussed.
The Hanging Valet Bag is ideal when I am staying in a hotel, because I can just hang it on the hook on the back of the bathroom door and have all my essentials, moisturizers, toothbrush, etc. easily accessible to me and have everything organized in one spot. I love that they are see-thru too (instead of the mesh that some other valet bags have) because it makes it easier to see your things. The removable second pouch also comes in handy when you don't want to bring the entire thing with you.
I’ve been lazy not to write. I haven’t updated this in a long time. All there is to say is that I’ve been lazy, In school, at home. I’ve just enjoyed my time. I’ve been going to bed late, like really late, too late. The purpose of this behavior is that I’ve started playing SC2 (Starcraft 2) more, I suck, I’m a pure noobie. I’ve been out with friends more and I’ve watched some movies. I’ve just taken a chill. The thing about me is that I always do my best, or I always try to do my best at the time but after I wish I’d done better because I’ve felt like I was lazy.
Another time:
Arshavin was an archetypal Arsenal flair player with his career at the club following a path well trodden by the likes of George, Marinello, Petrovic, Nicholas and Limpar. It seems that it will end in the same way also.
Reading Guides:
Please mention number #18 when emailing me about buying, as I have some similar ones
Furthermore, before attacking Christianity, the proponents of white guilt should not forget that some of the most passionate and devout Christians are black Africans, a group they tend to avoid offending whenever possible.
This is the Patterned Paper Wreath Remix. Same materials, same method, different results. Whatever floats your boat or finds your lost remote (if you can tell me what song that comes from without googling it I will be majorly impressed!)
It claimed politicians had put ' short-term cost savings ahead of public safety'. The federation demanded a reversal of the trend which, it said, could threaten the ability of the police to 'deal with unexpected and unplanned circumstances'.
by Gary Panter, 2000
Now that you’ve read Neil’s story, you know how much he needs our help. Just weeks away is not a lot of time, but I know we can make a significant change in Neil’s life if we join together to help him.
when your postcard is written post a photo of the front and the back on your blog, this should be done sometime fri-sun each week, ready for the new country to be posted the following Monday.
So, wait. That's where they leave it? Sam and Dean believe George? And there's no punchline about not being able to eat you if you're diseased?
But although F1 are not responsible for this politicisation, they too have been drawn into commenting on politics and security in the country in an effort to justify going there. For instance, Bernie Ecclestone said a few days ago that there was nothing going on in Bahrain.
‘Ash Mistry and the Savage Fortress’ began as a conversation with my agent way back in the day. I knew my next project was going to be about India but we came to the discussion on the hero. Basically, should he be white? Could readers handle a non-white hero? Now, that may sound stupid, but all evidence in children’s fiction implies they can’t. They’re there in the nursery, Aladdin, Sinbad, Mulan, etc. But as kids grow up, they steadily disappear. Sure, they float around as sidekicks and in books about terrorism, forced marriages and religious fundamentalism, but not within the mainstream. They never get to save the world.
b) 37%
SH wants to know if I would change "Lay Lady Lay" to "Lie Lady Lie," but it's moot. I don't like Bob Dylan.
Tell me why do these progressives have mouth foaming fits when someone mentions an ID to vote but want you to give semen samples, blood and ID (with a waiting period) for a firearm? I think we have been shown voting is much more dangerous than owning a gun. These days anyway.
I was lying on the floor with my right leg at an odd angle, having just tripped over our dog, Luna (sweet 20lb pup), who was hiding under a comforter in our bedroom. My wife, was in bed getting our baby girl settled for bed, said something along the lines of “What happened? Are you ok?” From the floor, in a somewhat unsure voice, I said “Call 911. I think I broke my leg.”
I realise Mildred X will remain unconvinced, but I'll post a couple more videos now, showing the young Nina, before her metamorphosis. I think it's clear, even in the early days, that this girl was not going to be a compliant little drone, her personality is too strong for her to stay in step with the crowd.
It’s tempting to dismiss Lanza as just another word-wrangler, using a n above-average language competence to spin mystical self-contradictions into profound insights. Especially since one of his biggest supporters is Deepak Chopra, whose own ideas are just as murky and indistinct.
The piece wasn't finished when I got to meet Drew for the first time, but he did get it the day before his six month birthday. (Go me! Usually it takes me a little longer.) We had a lunch date with Drew and his mom the other day, and I handed over the completed piece, as well as his ornament, coming in the next post. Drew seemed to like it, and his mom loved it. She couldn't wait to get it home and put it in his nursery.
"Mama I've never seen you cry."
I hope you don't mind, but again I'm talking about my paternal grandmother. As I said in my last post, she was quite the baker. My favorite recipe was her chocolate chip cookies but there were others I was quite fond of as well. Her recipe makes 12 dozen and while all of the ingredients can be cut in half making a half batch they don't taste the same.
If you are trying to apply this principle to business…read my blog on CORE VALUES. You have to know what CANNOT change, before you start making changes. Yes, it is a good and profitable thing to be the “rock star” of your industry.
There is my story, a weather geek who uses a paper calendar and a wired computer. Please don't think any less of me, it is beyond my control.
Entry is 3.50 €, including a festival glass
The All Blacks' flyhalf enjoyed a solid day with the boot kicking two more second-half penalties.
For a better tomorrow.
Beyond these issues I also don’t see why any business would discount their product or service repeatedly because it very quickly devalues their brand and will erode forever any premium people were willing to pay for it.
“Melanie!” the sheriff called after her.
In addition to helping you shrink your waist through diet, we’ll also teach you the exercises that will help you achieve and maintain a healthy waist size. Now, we don’t want you to think that exercise must involve sweating like a waterfall and panting like an obscene caller, because it doesn’t. But you do need to start thinking about your body as a dartboard: it’s all about what’s in the center. You’ll be focusing on the physical activities that will help control your waist size—specifically walking and foundation-muscle training of your entire body (without growing igloo-size muscles). We’ll teach you simple moves that will develop all of your foundation muscles, and we’ll teach you how to tighten your belly, improve your posture, and develop the muscles that will make you fit into your clothes better. That translates into a shapelier waist, which, studies show, makes you more attractive to others.
The Empire State Building and the Chrysler Building, the twin symbols of New York’s emergence as the world’s financial capital, were started at the end of the “Roaring Twenties” but completed in the depths of the Great Depression. The Petronas Towers in Malaysia were built just before the Asian financial crash of 1998.
6. This is the best way to impress your wife/girlfriend for a slightly belated Valentine’s day, in case you forgot to take her out for dinner and if you are not in the dog house already!!
Am I ready? I think I am, so I’m probably not. A mantra that helped me slog through years of querying was opinions of written work are always going to differ. There are many critically-acclaimed books that did not work for me, and I’ve loved more than a few books to bits whose reviews were all meh. The only difference is the reader.
2. What sort of attitude should the wife have toward sex with her husband? (1:2-4)
Add a Bow
I’m delighted to be able to announce that my first peer reviewed article has now appeared in print! “She’s Only A Bird In A Gilded Cage: Freedwomen At Trimalchio’s Dinner Party” appears in the latest edition of Classical Quarterly.
7. The present law making assisted suicide and euthanasia illegal is clear and right and does not need changing. The penalties it holds in reserve act as a strong deterrent to exploitation and abuse whilst giving discretion to prosecutors and judges in hard cases.
We had talked about the pain expectations I had, and the doctor reassured me that everyone is different, and there really was no way of knowing how I would feel, so we just needed to get it done. He warned me about the first stab of pain I would feel. “This is going to pinch, and get uncomfortable, ok?” “Ok,” I said, and tried to remain as relaxed as possible so as to keep things hopefully in a less clenched state.
You've set up a problem without stakes. Why does she care who the voice on the phone is? Why would she even listen to him past "hello?"
2 hooded sweatshirts (Old Navy & Champion, 1 fleece pullover (Old Navy), 1 sweatshirt (Old Navy), 1 light sweater (Gap), 1 heavy cable knit sweater (Gap), 1 bikini (La Blanca), 13 various tops (Gap, Apt. 9, Charlotte Russe, H&M, Express, Mudd, Banana Republic, Old Navy, Flutterbye, New York & Company).
An overwhelming gift of rarest beauty,
I’m back again on Friday to finish their projects. I’m hoping to do a better job next time round and we’ll get this project done and be proud of the outcome.
The more the merrier. Doing exercise in a group is motivating, and it gives you the energy to go on when you might have quit if you were alone. It also helps pass the time by distracting you with interaction with another person and taking the focus off the workout.
Next time, I will cut the eggs to 1 and up the butter to 3/4 cup and I think I will get the fudgier texture I'm looking for.
And though still Autumn the weather in Melbourne has been very wintry the last few days which I am strangely enjoying (as hate Winter itself). To read more visit A Coffee Chat.
We are still working on the page layout and the list of teas will expand over time. I hope you will enjoy learning the Chinese terms for our favorite teas. If you have any feedback or questions, please contact me at tea@floatingleaves.com
Once we got home from that, we decided to go catch a show at the local “cheap theater”… $3 movies. Yay! We saw John Carter. It was a lot of fun, I really enjoyed it. But, WOW, they changed a lot from the books, didn’t they? I haven’t read the third book yet – but I have a feeling that some of the Thern story line intertwined into the movie maybe from Warlord of Mars. There were quite a few bits that Iknow weren’t in the two books I’ve read so far.
Since the political atmosphere of late seems to focus on all things related to women, I have decided to jump in on the conversation and use some of my iPhone art purely for illustrative purposes.
Better yet, couple your description with action; give it movement. Have snow crunching beneath running feet. Have a character dodging around a stalled car. Have the blood of a victim staining winter-dry leaves.
you kept concealed within you.
Now we enter the next phase; to narrow the list and ask America to help draft the final version of the Contract from America. Click here to vote on your priorities. The final document will be unveiled on Thursday, April 15, 2010. Together, we can and will make a difference.
as Mercy, emerge winner.
This week's movie of the week is, Time After Time.
While we were writing this post, Blizzard implemented nerfs to the Firelands content, causing a newly invigorated furor over the appropriate difficulty level of the raiding game. The ideas we’re writing about though have been brewing for much longer, and if anything, we worry that the timing of this post will make it look like an obvious or even trite rehash of the WoW news item of the week. What we hope to express, however, are thoughts on the direction the whole game has been taking for a much longer period of time, at all levels of play.
Magnolia Tildas Heart flowers stamp coloured with DI's
Here are some basic rules for this chain:
This weekend will be the introduction of Weston Ruddy Wheat. Our deep amber version of a classic American wheat. We think it is a fun drink for the St. Pat's season, but would like to hear what you think.
Saturn in Scorpio is coming, and that one isn't going to let up.
This world is a cathedral to an animist’s eyes - even things from the modern era, like computers and radiation, are sacred. There is absolutely no reason that the old saying ‘everything in nature has a soul’ can’t apply to nature as re-arranged by brainy humans. Integrated circuit-boards and the radioactive force included.
Mountain Sun Pub & Brewery FYIPA
We have been assured that this deadly practice has been eliminated but how much oversight is given over the production of this cattle feed? The FDA in the paper “Framework for the FDA Animal Feed Safety System” admits, “Animal feed ingredients and mixed feeds produced and used in the US have a good safety record. However, because oversight of this industry is limited and focused on a few known safety issues, potential human and animal health problems remain hidden. “
There is also another light you need to focus on and its your own light. Sometimes we don’t have the supports in our lives that we need . Like in a power outage if we don’t have sources of lights available like flashlights, candles etc we will be stuck in the dark. We need to first prepare for dark times and power outages in our lives the same way you would to get ready for a power outage. Again I am talking about building your supports.
I only wish I could say that it ended well. The LIFE photos are of happier times back in ’71.
Warm grey 5-T, cool greys 3-T and 1-T
I started with a pattern I had used for newborn fabric shoes (Simplicity 2457), but I only used that as a basic reference since I need to enlarge the pattern and adjust it for leather (not to mention different construction methods). It took a few tries, but I finally ended up with a pair of leather baby shoes that fit Little Man just right.
Our leader went on to talk about our cars, and how they perform better if we keep the tank full and never let it get below half a tank. We need to keep our tanks full too. Have quality food prepared so that we can grab those things instead. She went onto say that we should eat the minute we feel hungry. Think about our kids...the little ones. When they are hungry they tell us. When they eat dinner, they stop when they are done. I think we get out of practice of listening to our bodies. Our body knows when we need to eat and sleep. I am not saying you can't have a brownie ever again. If you really want that brownie, add a cup of milk with it and a little fruit. Or how about a 1/2 cup of fat free vanilla ice cream and a dollop of fat free cool whip. You can add some fruit here too.
So what does illegal gambling have in common with BountyGate?
quick breath that lifts her
About Universal Technical Institute, Inc.:
All the products Private Outlet offers are authentic and come directly from the most famous brand names with which Private Outlet has been working for over 30 years.
I wanted to celebrate, but didn’t know exactly how. The answer to that came at 5:35 p.m. in a phone call from my friend, Pastor Bernie. Bernie has some serious “connections.” He knows I’m a huge music fan. He was calling me from a meet-and-greet at Abravanel Hall in Salt Lake City for the band Third Day, he’d gotten a couple of complimentary tickets from their founder and lead singer Mac Powell, and Bernie asked me if I might like to go with Amy.
The focal point of the story is Jason Todd, and he is voiced by Jensen Ackles of The CW’s Supernatural. I feel Jensen does an admirable job here, but at times, the voice sounds a little too mature, too deep for the character’s age. Jason’s probably in his late teens, maybe early twenties. Jensen does lighten up his voice from what he uses in his signature role of Dean Winchester. However, he does portray the role here very well projecting Todd’s charisma, humor, intellect, aggression, hatred, and conviction in well rounded form. Jason started as a punk kid that Batman attempted to mold into a better person, but he never succeeded. What he evolves into is someone that has the same core ideal of Batman to combat crime and using much the same tactics, but with more extreme methods drawing the line of how much violence is enough farther out. He believes that Batman cannot ultimately succeed because he puts limits on himself. Jason is a character I have become very intrigued by as he walks that thin anti-hero line where he could be a hero or a villain at any given moment depending on circumstance and motive.
So I've decided that I'm going to give it a shot.
At the head of the sarcophagus sat rows of tall ceramic urns, broken and crumbled. The arrangement gave the impression of vast age. Only the strongest elements – obsidian, crystal, and petrified skin and bone remained of a rich entombment.
Gefen supplies a wide selection of signal switchers, splitters, extenders, scalers, converters, KVM, digital signage and home theater accessories that enable audio/video and computer systems to be easily integrated, extended, distributed and optimized to maximize performance. Continual product innovations ensure the company maintains its reputation as a reliable resource for installers and integrators. The GefenTV line offers professional quality home theater accessories for plug and play operation. The Gefen ToolBox line delivers portable, wall-mounted solutions for the nuts and bolts of system integration. All products are supported by technical representatives and engineers available for consultation in Gefen’s Los Angeles area headquarters.
Psalm 33:10: "He maketh the devices of the people of none effect." Psalm 81:12: "So I gave them up unto their own hearts’ lust: and they walked in their own counsels." Proverbs 21:1: "The king’s heart is in the hand of the Lord, as the rivers of water: he turneth it whithersoever he will." Proverbs 28:26: "He that trusteth in his own heart is a fool." Ecclesiastes 7:20: "For there is not a just man upon the earth, that doeth good, and sinneth not." Jeremiah 4:22: "For my people is foolish, they have not known me … they are wise to do evil, but to do good they have no knowledge." John 1:13: "Which were born, not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God." John 3:27: "A man can receive nothing, except it be given him from heaven." John 6:44: "No man can come to me except the Father, which hath sent me, draw him: and I will raise him up at the last day." John 6:65: "Therefore said I unto you, that no man can come unto me, except it were given unto him of my Father." John 15:5: "I am the vine, ye are the branches: he that abideth in me, and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit; for without me ye can do nothing." John 15:16: "Ye have not chosen me, but I have chosen you, and ordained you." Romans 3:10-12: "As it is written, There is none righteous, no, not one: There is no that understandeth, there is none that seeketh after God. They are all gone out of the way, they are together become unprofitable; there is none that doeth good, no, not one." Romans 5:6: "For when we were yet without strength, in due time Christ died for the ungodly." Romans 7:18-19: "For I know that in me (that is, in my flesh) dwelleth no good thing: for to will is present with me; but how to perform that which is good I find not. For the good that I would I do not: but the evil which I would not, that I do." Romans 8:7: "Because the carnal mind is enmity against God: for it is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed can be." Romans 9:16: "So then it is not of him that willeth, nor of him that runneth, but of God that sheweth mercy." Romans 10:20: "I was found of them that sought me not." Ephesians 2:1: "And you hath he quickened, who were dead in trespasses and sins." Ephesians 2:5: "Even when we were dead in sins, hath he quickened us together with Christ; (by grace ye are saved.)" Philippians 2:13: "For it is God which worketh in you, both to will and to do of his good pleasure." Colossians 2:13: "And you, being dead in your sins and the uncircumcision of your flesh, hath he quickened together with him, having forgiven you all trespasses." Titus 3:3-5: "For we ourselves also were sometimes foolish, disobedient, deceived, serving divers lusts and pleasures, living in malice and envy, hateful, and hating one another. But after that the kindness and love of God our Saviour toward man appeared, Not by works of righteousness which we have done, but according to his mercy he saved us, by the washing of regeneration, and renewing of the Holy Ghost." 2) Before the Reformation Augustine: "I once laboured hard for the free will of man, until the grace of God at length overcame me." Bradwardine: "What multitudes, O Lord, do this day join hands with Pelagius in contending for free will and in fighting … free grace." Waldensians: "Whosoever upholds free-will absolutely denies predestination and the grace of God." 3) Luther "Free will is an empty term." "Free-will cannot will good and of necessity serves sin." "This is plainly to ascribe divinity to ‘free will.’" “I frankly confess that, for myself, even if it could be, I should not want ‘free-will’ to be given me, nor anything to be left in my own hands to enable me to endeavour after salvation; not merely because in face of so many dangers, and adversities and assaults of devils, I could not stand my ground …; but because even were there no dangers … I should still be forced to labour with no guarantee of success … But now that God has taken my salvation out of the control of my own will, and put it under the control of His, and promised to save me, not according to my working or running, but according to His own grace and mercy, I have the comfortable certainty that He is faithful and will not lie to me, and that He is also great and powerful, so that no devils or opposition can break Him or pluck me from Him. Furthermore, I have the comfortable certainty that I please God, not by reason of the merit of my works, but by reason of His merciful favour promised to me; so that, if I work too little, or badly, He does not impute it to me, but with fatherly compassion pardons me and makes me better. This is the glorying of all the saints in their God” (The Bondage of the Will).
I have been so excited to share this recipe with you ever since my sister made these mouth watering biscuits a few weeks ago. She made three cookie sheets full and within the course of a meal our family (extended family) ate every last one.
Bujang went for his evening walk yesterday. He persuaded me that it was not too hot, it was just right for a cat who likes walking :)
PS. I could write you a wedding poem.
In particular, some of the college campi crowd are taking me to task for having a couple of my main characters armed on a college campus. The fact that it was a private school somehow escaped their college-education-in-progress minds.
It’s been a week of firsts. Yet a week of longing for more. Despite all our hard work, new friendships, places visited and discovered, foods savoured, drinks sipped and sunshine soaked up – we still haven’t sailed. I know that we will have months and years of sailing ahead, but there comes a point, a day when you just feel like you haven’t really ‘joined the club’ til you’ve left the safe harbor and raised the sails.
Or maybe you’re just an asshole who couldn’t sweet talk the princess.
Green Day will welcome fellow hard rockers Guns N’ Roses into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
“He was an absolutely lovely person devoted to caring for others less fortunate than himself,” she told the BBC.
Whenever I don't have net serivce, I feel like I'm missing out on what's happening in the world. "Watch the news on TV." Feh. I rarely watch TV as it is and I can get acces to dozens of news feeds with just a few clicks on the internet. Being an avid facebook user, the net is also my means of keeping in touch with my friends back in Ohio and other parts of the globe. Not letting them know what I'm up to or not knowing what they are up to is a real bummer.
This of course is a long term thing, but there are many houses that are empty that could be used in the meantime, there are many levels unused in skyscrapers that could be turned easily into apartments too. Then when it comes time for a change and you feel like moving to a different house or area, we can use an agency to manage the wishes for those who want to house swap; creating chains that we often see today in the property market except they will not be waiting on banks to approve mortgages, but waiting on the completion of a chain (by the last person getting a new/empty house that does not require someone to leave), so that you can all arrange to move out at once. Again this utilises systems we already have in place, many councils in Britain manage similar lists today for example, except it operates under a new mandate that is practical to our needs when money is not the driving factor. We can also combine this to a maintenance service which comes round each house to fix things when needed, providing a lot of jobs for those handy men and women who can help in these areas.
And my final response:
However, I sometimes feel like I need a better process.
It is not that the Holy Spirit and the Lord Jesus Christ are with us. They are in us. How then can you or I be lonely?
My approach to design is not a calculated one, it comes from pure instinct. Indeed, my training was in finance, I cannot draw, sketch, nor use CAD... but I have an innate sense for form, color, proportions, texture, and space.
Family (Jesuit cohorts).
Woah woah woah woah. Let's back it up.
After about 30 minutes, heat 2 gallons of water to about 170˚. When mash is done, pull out the grain bag and let it drain for a few minutes. Add bag to heated water for 10 minutes to rinse out any remaining sugars.
This week I began harvesting some of our oregano that was growing like crazy and dehydrated it. I washed the cut stems and let dry on a towel then placed on the racks of the dehydrator. After it was dry I was easily able to pull the dried leaves from the stems and gently crush them into a bowl. I now have about 1/2 a cup of home-grown dried oregano to store for winter use. I will be drying lots more in the future...it's a simple way to preserve for year 'round use.
I was afraid to know how this series will end but I think that it really tied up all the knots that were necessary. It left enough amibuity to let the reader imagine how Janie's future will be like.
Ann is a graduating senior at Rice University and president of the Rice PAIR chapter. She is a recipient of the 2011 Mayor’s Volunteer Houston Award for her service with PAIR.
Official Recipe: Broccoli and Cheese Braided Calzone
Be fair with everyone and not believe just the bullies. Give new people the opportunity to talk and do not intimidate them. If the new person has a concern check it out, be fair to all sides, but Cheyenne is far from that, and encourage bullies and believe them before the outsider.
The situation strained as my mother entered the work force, working three jobs, leaving my brother and I having to fend for ourselves. Our positive dietary & lifestyle habits deteriorated, and fast food and television was introduced. There were also the pressures faced when I entered middle school, as due to our lifestyle I developed much faster than most girls my age. The sudden onset of curves and breasts caused a lot of unwanted attention from boys and horrible bullying from girls – much of it happening behind closed doors.
It is unclear whether these deficiencies account for the inability to detect XMRV in patient samples or whether XMRV is mainly present as an incomplete provirus in the cells of these patients.
The City of Fayetteville reserves the right to request additional information as needed to process this application.
It is written by Rafaella Serena who is well known in Europe for her needlework skills. Absolutely lovely and less than 50 cents, because I pointed out to the lady that it was in French and seriously who besides me ( and you guys ) would buy a book in French??
As I mentioned I like how the smoke worked and wanted to do more with it so I thought of it in roguelike terms. How could I incorporate the spreading of smoke as a goal in and of itself. The easy answer would have been magic so I decided to try a different route. Smoke arrows was what I finally came up with. What good would they be? Why smoke obscures line of sight and maybe even light. The only problem I had was that the simple smoke I had lasted at most three turns. Of course while in flight the arrow itself puts out smoke so there is a trail but and seeing as I did not really plan on doing anything big with it the arrows have infinite range seeing as all they do is check if the space in the direction they are facing is empty and going there if so. It still did not leave a smoke trail like I wanted so I did something more complex. Well calling it complex is a little overstating it. All I did was have the tile be a number going from 6 to 1 and when the console actually writes out the screen I have it put '░' for 1 and 2, '▒' for 3 and 4, and '▓' for 5 and 6. I only applied this to the smoke left directly in the arrows path and it created a good looking affect.
No prerequisites. Great for Freshmen!
There are many situations that make us prisoners, illness, loneliness, society today, injustice, indifference, racism, misunderstanding, censorship and so on ...
I was in one of those trendy nature shops when he called. The kind that sells $80.00 organic flip flops and educational children toys. Some kids had just crashed into wind chimes. "Just a wind chime store," I answered him. I was not going to waste these precious few minutes I had with him describing the store filled with something called "17 Countries, 1 Bra." As soon as his boat left, we would be without total contact for a week.
But for being an honest person, I’m considered: hateful, a rebel, a troublemaker and a bitch. Or worse of all “too sensitive.”
That smile is TWO YEARS of working with Ayden. Two years of pushing, crying, whining. I've waiting a long time for that smile. And to top it off, when we said it was time to go home he told us no, but came without fussing and on the way to the van looked at me and asked for more. I don't know if it was more park, more sliding, or more swinging that he wanted - but it didn't matter. My little boy who usually leaves the park on sensory overload left happy and wanting more. Easily one of the best Mother's Day presents I've ever received.
“Eres una pieza fundamental en mi vida. You are my rock and I would need you there, always.”
Long story short, my dad went to his naturopath and got some advice - for two days eat half a fresh pineapple for breakfast to clean your system (and my, didn't it what!) then every morning until symptoms are gone, take a slice of onion, put it in a glass and pour enough boiling water over to cover it. Let it cool then drink the water and eat the onion. Also take horseradish and garlic tablets every day.
And just like that, when the new Royal Pair lean in to share their first kiss as a married couple, I shoot the shit just as their lips meet…right in their fucking faces…
Mike Fuller: My ConferencE Will Be In 3 PointS! 1. Before The Amendment. 2. During The Amendment. 3. After The Amendment. Campaign Begins!!
She smiles loads now, and every now and then she even has a giggle. When I sing to her (off key, might I add!) she smiles, coos, and tries to sing along with me. It’s rather gorgeous. These are moments that I never want to miss… and ones that I’m afraid I will once I go back to work at the end of July. However – if I win Lotto, I guess I won’t miss a thing. *fingers crossed* It’s just so lovely seeing her grow and develop.
7. Coronado Island and Del Coronado Hotel
In the 17th century, captain of the Dutch East India Company and governor Adrian Maertenz Block moved to Keukenhof after his retirement and had his country house built there, which became known as Keukenhof Castle. Later in the 19th century, landscape architectect Jan David Zocher and his son were commissioned by the Baron and Baroness of van Palllandt to design the grounds around the castle. The English style of the park designed by Zocher and his son is still predominant in the Keukenhof Park that we see today.
80 Uses for Coconut Oil
I took a ton of photos and videos during their stay but this short video is one of my faves.
And why can't he protect Lizzy? Does she resist what he's offering?
Since we arrived in Jakarta, we’ve experienced rain almost everyday. It’s not a rainy season right now, but it seems to not matter. Even if it rains, it has stopped after a while and sometimes the sun shows its face.
These one-pagers (on rare occasion, two-pagers) featured a handful of characters, some of which Cole invented and some of which others created and Cole later took over. In his great 1986 book, Focus on Jack Cole, comics historian and science fiction author Ron Goulart calls this material "out-and-out funny stuff," and I agree.
Frank Fontana on Murphy Brown Source: Vegetarian Times
They Downplayed His Role
08/12/2010 SELL 0.01 xauusd 1215.2
Filling me
It is something that I did not see covered in the news media. The stories in the media were lamenting our state government’s total inability to function, the Secret Service’s total insanity/lechery, and a few mentions of the tornado warning system tests scheduled for today.
And Cerly Grace defines JOY! She is one of the most loving little girls I have ever seen in my life. She literally steals my heart with her smile and laughter. She watches her big sister and she worships too....at 15 months. She knows the parts to raise her hands....because those are the parts when Brylee raises her hands. She makes a joyful noise....even though we don't know what she is saying yet :)
Before I get emotional describing how genius it was for Alife to be producing selvedge jeans in 2006 with a plaid cuff lining long before everyone began dressed like a J.Crew catalog, or how they moved before the market, flipping traditional oxfords and khaki’s into flippant all-over print takes on classic pieces before you all traded your Jordans and Street’d your Etiquette, let me just say this. It’s sad to see some of the once dominant streetwear lines reduced to pale imitations of basics you’d be far better off buying at the Gap.
Hmm… five minutes have gone by and I am not hearing any laughter. WAIT! What’s that? Are you people crying? There’s no crying in naughty! Lady, get away from the medicine cabinet! No valium until after you finish reading this! Get back here!
Even in such an organized and engineered society,
“When we are required to be in there, we are required to be in there, it’s that simple. So we don’t have time to mess around with trying to open a door in a very slow method, so we have to do it fast,” Lt. Rod Stearns from the sheriff’s department explains.
Ever Forward!
While millions on Friday stood in line to get their mega millions ticket well, we did the same. Although there was no line and Bear and I waited in the truck while Hardscape ran in. Bear was confused on while we were even at the gas station so I explained what Hardscape was purchasing….the chance to have A LOT of effin money.
“Just life. New school. New friends.”
The author also has a new book out, called Horns, and a comic book series called Locke and Key that is going to be made into a TV series. If I wasn't so under the weather, i could probably be bothered to look that stuff up, lol.
On the first day of practice, the coach sent Brown back to return a kickoff, and it didn’t dawn on Brown until the ball was in the air that he had no blockers. It was less like football and more like the playground game called kill the man with ball. And that’s what the eleven did. “They were good at gang-tackling,” said Brown. This happened over and over. Brown felt like he was essentially a tackling dummy on the team. It was obvious that his coaches and teammates were trying to wear him out and run him off. But Brown followed the encouragement of his hero, Martin Luther King, Jr., and hung in there, taking a beating nearly every day. In those days, freshman were ineligible to play for the varsity, and in spite of having no playbook, Brown did play a few plays in the freshman games—which is pretty amazing in its own right.
The problem with this idea, is that it was just an idea. I didn’t have a real coherent concept behind it, so while I could come up with a couple of cute quips, I was basically doing what I was criticizing. There wasn’t any real insight to what I was writing, so I was just super rambling and unfocused. It never really came together
Folding level: Easy/Beginner
272And swelling organs lift the rising soul,
Apparently Monya was then flung into her car and one of the robbers drove off with her.
I treat my children with respect. I approach parenting with a democratic approach, giving my children the voice and vote they deserve. In our family we compromise. We negotiate. We trust each other. But ultimately we treat each other with love and respect. We treat those around us the same way as well, including our home, planet Earth.
Linda Story, surviving with nerve damage in her back.
It’s not going to be fast, though in hindsight, it will have appeared to have swept the globe in minutes. There’s going to be a lot of pain. No one will get to the other side without a story to tell. The Paulians are a microcosm of what’s going on across the entire planet.
A family is a system and we are all part of a family system. It is only part of the picture to just look at individual dynamics. For deep and lasting change to happen one needs to explore and uncover how the family system got created and how it developed and how the different parts of the system influence you and impact each other.
9. Jack Jones - Something's Gotta Give
Lisa: Dad! Those all come from the same animal!
I am sorta obsessed with her life.
1190 D-VII/9/1994. “Individualism and the ‘Values’ of Freedom: Milton Friedman’s Capitalism and Freedom Revisited.” Loyola University of Chicago, Rome Center, Rome, Italy
Ellie started preschool. She loves it. She is not shy at all and asked me to drop her off at the door like the big kids. Sorry Charlie!! It is not only against the rules, I will be sticking by you as long as I can. These kids grow too fast and also she could cause a lot of trouble on her own. I know this girl just a little.
J couldn't get back to sleep for 2 hours, he told me the next day.
James on base:
What the legislation will do is to raise money for the robbers in Westminster, and increase the powers of the State. The police and those with PACE powers will be given power to interrogate people to see if their dogs are chipped. They will have to be equipped with devices to scan dogs for microchips. The microchips will contain a range of identifying information. The dog issue is merely a front to something far more sinister.
certainly in the motivating sentiment behind all affirmative action laws
While visiting new places, sightseeing and taking pictures are integral parts of my trip, I’m also supposed to be doing some growth work. Am I? No, at least not in the way I intended. Why not? Because I’m distracted. I find myself doing everything but what I’m supposed to be doing when I do manage some down time. Instead of listening to an audiobook, I’ll sit there literally forcing myself to watch TV even though I clearly don’t feel it. Then the next thing I know, I’m asleep. And interestingly enough, I’ve journaled only once since I’ve been on the road where before it was a weekly, if not daily, activity.
- Williamsburg landlord refused to allow a billboard questioning Judaism to be installed atop his building amid outrage in Hasidic community. Rabbi calls atheists "a group of crazies." Brooklyn Paper
To be continued. I have more sh*t to tell hahahaha.
If you witness something amiss, don't be afraid to contact the authorities! In the case of the horses, I don't know if they are severely being mistreated or what. But by calling it in, I leave it in the hands of the experts. So, no harm done if all is well. If it isn't, than hopefully steps will be taken to provide a safer and healthier environment for these magnificent creatures.
Sometimes as parents faced with challenging behaviour in our children, it is easy to try to solve the immediate and most obvious problem by pinpointing the child's difficult behaviour. However, that will only treat the 'symptoms' rather than the cause of the problem, especially for young children. Young children often do not have the means to communicate their frustration/dissatisfaction; they may not even understand what is causing them to misbehave or why they are misbehaving. A perceived difficult behaviour in young children is often a call for help. Something is out of balance for the child. It is up to the adult to pay attention and look into all possible environmental factors (for example family situation, social relationships, diet, daily routine and structure, etc) that may be the source of imbalance in the child's life at any moment, and try to rebalance it.
Open any mainstream/used in university classes sociology or education text, and I can almost guarantee that it mentions something called "the hidden curriculum."
This recipe is really simple even a lousy cook like me is able to put it together without much effort. The best thing is, there is no stir frying involved, making it a 'no-fume', hassle free home cooking meal. The original recipe only calls for pork belly and hard boiled eggs as the main ingredients. I have taken the liberty to add in tau kwa (firm bean curb) and tau pok (fried bean curb puff) to make it a hearty one pot meal to go with plain rice.
Obama is a partisan president, while Bibi is the leader of the largest national unity coalition in the history of Israel. Netanyahu has the support of most of the country behind him for whatever he may need to do. Obama may have hoped he’d be facing a weaker Bibi after November, there’s no chance of that now.
But, in a move that's unheard of in this age of celebrity writers, Lee stepped out of the limelight and stopped doing interviews years ago -- she never wrote another book. Still, her influence has endured, as we mark the fiftieth anniversary of its publication.
I can’t believe my good fortune! I’ve been wanting to do that for years. The occasion just never materialised before. Or when we saw some along the road, either no place to stop or too rushed!
-chest punches in the ropes to Bryan to the count of 10.
and thankfulness, this Christmas and all the ones to come.
Just pure JOY to share the afternoon with you.
It only has to thrill me.
* Red Gem Stickers
What to say to those who are just beginning? Understand that you really are just beginning a kind of journey. Expect to have to learn and adjust as you go. I think HOHs make the mistake of confusing strength with inflexibility. You have to make adjustments as you go. Every woman is different and needs something different from her husband. So of course there’s going to be a learning curve.
3-Banana Milk
After chores this morning I walked for the first time in several days. I checked on mama Robin and found her vigilantly setting on her nest of eggs. Things look refreshed after the early morning rain shower I heard before daylight this morning.
1 restored
And I'm very sorry but I have to add one more... LINDT - dark chocolate - mostly because I have just discovered "A touch of sea salt". Finally, I have met the chocolate of my dreams, the chocolate I want to marry. Thank you, LINDT!
I feel the relaxation flood through me. My eyes shut and I’m in total control. I feel like I could wake up and laugh, but I don’t want to. I want to be here. I want to be in this place. It’s the safest I’ve felt in years. No one can bother me, no one can touch me, no one can hurt me. Even my inner-children hush and listen. I feel the power of hypnotism coursing through me.
As much as I deny with the irony inside
If you aren’t watching the new season of Doctor Who, for shame. If you’ve never ever seen Doctor Who? Now is the time to start. While Series 5 is over in the UK and BBC America is slowly catching up, we’re going to look back on our Top 5 Favorite episodes of the new season. Is it Christmas yet?
Rutland, as ever, was astonished at his friend's accomplishment, and insisted that they get it published. His Lady Love would see it, read it, and know it was his. What could be a better gift?
It is right in that area though.
(That trip was fantastic, by the way!) Granted that was only four years ago, and I know loads of people have been enjoying this Hellenic treat since waaay before then, but has anyone else noticed the Greek yogurt mania going on at their local supermarkets? At first this was a good thing. I remember buying whatever brand was on sale for less than $2 per container. Can you believe that, internet?! The price dropping below $2 was newsworthy in my house! And they have more than a week’s worth in stock? Alert the media!
To monitor all the functions on the front corner, there will be an array of sensors fitted to the parts. These are all linked back to the main SECU, rather than cabling for each sensor passing through the wishbones to the cars main wiring loom, there is a hub fitted to the upright that collects all he signals and passes them back via a single cable. This Hub Interface Unit (HIU) is a common part supplied by MES to all the teams. It has inputs from the aforementioned Pad wear and disc temperatures sensors, as well as two wheel speed sensor (two in case one fails), also a load cell for measuring pushrod (or pullrod) loads.
Gil H, Bailly P, Meaux-Ruault N, Clement I, Floret N, Guiot A, Manteaux C, Talon D, Magy N, Dupond JL. Influenza vaccination among health-care workers. Vaccination rates in universitary hospital of Besancon, winter 2003-2004. Rev Med Interne 2005; 27: 5-9.
Shopping was exhausting...but now it was time to make mom!
For I am safe within Your arms
It is amazing how many people want a story/poem/etc to be based off real life. I notice this in the reviews I get over at Writing.com (which is basically a writing site that allows for others to review the work). It doesn't matter what the item is about, often people will think it's a true and about the author. Several different poems and short stories I've received reviews for on there have all commented about it in a way that they think it's really about me. That includes a story with an intersex main character. Doesn't matter what the writing is about, they often construe the story to be about fact instead of just fiction.
We are celebrating Bobbi Jo's (SweetSassyDiva) birthday this weekend March 10th and 11th. Each day will be a new project and be sure to check out the yummy blog candy giveaways!
Our code has always been, "Honey, there's a shelf upstairs in the closet that needs to be fixed," so then he'll come upstairs and help 'fix' the shelf in the closet. (Remember this part because it comes back into play later at the dinner table.)
The Wizard of Oz has always been a favorite movie of mine. No matter how many times I've seen it, I never get tired of it. And the scene at the end when Dorothy clicks those beautiful ruby slippers together and finally gets to go home is one that never fails to make me smile. And on February 3rd, 2012, I had my very own Dorothy moment when I found out that I was FINALLY going to be released from the hospital. After spending three weeks in the same room without ever leaving, I was being discharged.
And because I hate to see a fellow foreigner fumbling around in the cross-cultural wilderness, and because it pains me to see tourists being treated awfully by service-averse Parisians, I have decided to share with you my very own "Insider's Guide To Paris".
Within a few weeks I am sure we will all be back to normal!
JACKSON, Miss. — It wasn’t a secret that Dr. Ralph Arnold Smith Jr. was still angry at the attorney who represented his ex-wife during their divorce in the mid-1990s. Now authorities in the small Mississippi Delta town of Greenwood are investigating whether the well-known oncologist was so filled with rage that he hired men to kill the lawyer.
The goal of this trope is: total erasure of females as an organizing class under patriarchy, erasure of the way our reproductive capacity is targeted and exploited by males as the very basis of patriarchy, reversal of feminist concepts into male-supremacist ones, promotion of anti-feminist concepts of equating certain psychological, behavioral and intellectual traits with the female reproductive system.
sets in fact - but even so, it's still incredibly useful to know why they're good and perhaps how to modify them to suit a different context. (reverse engineering someone else's synth preset can teach you loads).
Instead of seeking to describe the indescribable, I recommend that you watch this person in action, by clicking on the following links:
Funny how some things stick in your memory. I can remember setting off for that market. In a field. A car boot you'd call it now. Me and my brother. Dragging poor Mum around all those record stalls. Standing while we went flickidy flickidy flick through banks of disks. It must have driven her crazy. Like my kids do me, when they browse a games shop.
Memory Alpha says: Data makes contact with a young girl from a pre-warp civilization on a planet facing imminent annihilation. The Enterprise must wrestle with the moral dilemma of violating the Prime Directive or standing by while Data’s friend dies. (Please click the Memory Alpha link for detailed information.)
What are your thoughts? Will you be bidding? Would you be able to resist trying a nibble?
I absolutely love the character of Del Sugar. Writing about him is always a joy, no matter what he’s doing. I have a serious crush on him.
This book is brimming with a set of unique, but sorrowful characters. Liesl, is a lonely, young girl who has recently lost her beloved father. Now she finds herself locked away in an attic by her evil stepmother. She's artistically talented, finding solitude in creating pictures. These drawings attract Will, an orphan, adopted by a cruel alchemist. He dares to stop and watch her draw through the lighted attic window when he should be running errands at night for the alchemist. Will's beat down, as the alchemist detests him, constantly berating him and calling him "useless", even worse, he's beginning to believe those cruel words. Po, the ghost Liesl sees the night her father dies, is initially pulled to Lisel because of her drawing ability, too. Po is neither boy or girl, instead he's just "an essence". Bundle, is Po's pet who isn't a cat or a dog, who makes the most remarkable sound, "Mwark"!
In the late 1950s Dumaresq married, and with his wife Mary moved to Saskatoon, to study at the University of Saskatchewan. From there he obtained a University scholarship enabling him to move with Mary to England, furthering his studies at University College London.
Two hundred years ago, when America was founded, progressive taxation was viewed as just common sense. We still have common sense, don’t we?
I submit that it is not possible for any group of people to do what Antifa do in blockading roads without having both a clear and well-communicated plan of action which takes into account different contingencies (police involvement, police charge, attack by opposing demonstrators, attack with bricks or water cannons, partial break in the blockade, injury to one of the Antifa members, etc.) and a high degree of confidence that fellow Antifa will back them up with fist and foot if need be.
Here’s a general template to get you started on your social media mission statement:
At the bus stop there's snow and biting wind, a long view of the street and no bus in sight.
Forgive me for the unbroken silence
Just wanted to extend my gratitude to all of you, my friends, for the support. Kind words and caring gestures go a long way, we made it through some waves of emotions with the support of everyone around me. We are comforted.
Joanna Trollope is one of my favourite writers, so I picked her most recent book to start off this reading blog. To some extent, all of her novels deal with vulnerable people caught in impossible predicaments, and the beauty of Trollope’s storytelling lies in how her characters find their way out.
We also bid hopeful Danio Frangella, 33 from LaSalle, Ontario, whose health issues were a major concern for the promising contestant after a 7-year battle with cancer.
The last time he got mad was in October when I had the Ponderosa Pine removed. It was a big tree that he liked, and it had to be cut from the top down. Josh opposed the project, but he said that if I insisted on having it done, he would do it. I knew he was capable, but I would have worried too much about him. I think he interpreted my refusal as an insult, but his mother never confirmed it. I like Josh enough that I would give in to him on almost anything, but I had to stand firm about that tree, although it hurt me to do it.
An African population, some born on the continent and transported to the Caribbean and others ‘bred’ for enslavement, lived in Old Road. By 1817 this population had blood relations working in Wingfield. Unfortunately, the lack of documentary sources about the history and culture of this African community means that it will take some intrepid research to find data to fill the gaps about names, ages, place of birth and so on. Nevertheless, the time is right for more African-centred research into the socio-economic life of the African in St Kitts & Nevis. Such research using African-centred paradigms, with its attendant epistemologies, perspectives and research methodologies have the capacity to get to the heart of data and enable the telling of African historical and socio-economic stories with an African voice. African movements into the known with African voices centrally telling holocaustic stories of survival and endurance, tales of African empowerment is a necessary feature of reparation and reconciliation.
I’m here.
Hello football fans,
thanks to the excellent often read and reread book The Comic art of Reg Parlett 60 years of comics by Alan Clark I can bring you this gem..
manifest as a result of it are the fruit. You will always have all sufficiency in all things if you have all grace on you. You will not
After attending my very first hockey game in October, I am definitely a huge Nashville Predators fan! Now that I've been to a few of their games, I am kind of/sort of understanding more about hockey. For example, I now know that a power play is more than an alliteration!
Believe it or not, verbal abuse of any sort is considered bullying, something that many of us wouldn’t ever dream of doing! Even if it’s to your best friend or your worst enemy, verbal abuse can leave invisible scars on the other person involved.
“ohh…” said Bantum thoughtfully. “But I do know how to do it.”
Dr.Mary Finney is a medical missionary specializing in tropical diseases. She also has a knack for detection. This time out she solves another murder case in West Africa. This is the second in the series that started with “The Devil In The Bush” (1945). There were four books in all. The last published was 1955′s “Murder At The Flea Club.”
Each one of us has a God given mission on this earth. Sometimes we stumble and are deterred from this mission because we allow sin to get in the way. Fortunately, we are not alone, God has blessed us with other believers to help us along the way. It is very important we humbly help others when they fall off track. Just think how proud God will be of you for helping others get back to their mission.
He was most surprised to see the women that did their first story on his house located
Emma (8.9 years) is our organizer and nurturer. She helps to keep things running smoothly. She and Jon are great buddies – Bike rides, Mario playing buds, scheming companions looking for the next project to convince mom into doing.
and hidden face
Now before anyone gets all upset and says why would anyone want to cook and eat an innocent little bunny rabbit?! Well, it’s not exactly like we are eating pet rabbits; the rabbits raised for food and the rabbits raised for companionship are quite different all together, but yes you could raise the argument that they are the same species. So why do people eat rabbits period? Valid question, and as some one who had pet rabbits growing up (two as a matter of fact, a good one named Cher – and a very bad one named Candy who tried to kill me on at least two separate occasions, but I think he was part jack rabbit; here is a word of advice to everyone out there – if a farmer is selling rabbits as “dwarf rabbit crosses” ask him what they are crossed with, I ended up with a very small very mean rabbit.. moving on) and as someone who still finds pet rabbits absolutely adorable, I too was curious why they are still very much a part of the menu in parts of Europe such as Italy and even down into parts of the US. As it turns out rabbits are very high in protein, iron, are mineral dense, and it is all white meat if that is a selling feature for you. It’s also very well known that they are easy to breed, they don’t take up much space, and they don’t make much of an environmental impact when it comes to raising them so from an animal husbandry standpoint a lot of people like them for that reason too. The one draw back is that they are extremely lean and our bodies actually need a certain amount of fat to live (which really makes me question all of the fat free products on the market these days – but that’s ok I guess, I just leave them on the shelves for every one else) which, if you were eating literally nothing but rabbit you could starve to death – so that is why it is important to eat other things with the rabbit, or you know – not eat a diet entirely of just rabbit. So I hope that answers at least some of your questions. I have included some links at the bottom of this post if you want to read more.
Then the following page will come up.
*Comes with a detachable clip on necklace
300g AP Flour
The people there are v friendly! (: Oh I also tried pineapple chili sorbet - unique flavour that works! The chili comes only towards the end lingering in your mouth, giving you that spicy kick while sour comes first on your tongue.
After that first pair of socks, I decided to work on a birthday present for my dear friend. The challenge of figuring out what exactly I should make became the next task. She suffers from a wool allergy and so that eliminated a lot of ideas. I eventually decided on some fun stitch patterned dish cloths in cotton (even though my hands cramped something fierce, and a fun little stuffed animal elephant. (pattern link http://www.ravelry.com/patterns/library/elefante) I made the elephant in red and white, she is a fan of the Nebraska Huskers, and the dish cloths in a variety of bright colors. Having never made a stuffed animal before, I had to tackle the stuffing of the elephant, sewing the pieces together and finding a way to attach the eyes (buttons.) I also ended up tweaking a pattern for the first time. It was a minor change but to me it felt like a big deal.
I really enjoyed making the fondant lion as well!
Setup and Operation
This picture is great! Two of the best that ever did it! Michael at 1 and Kobe somewhere in the top 5! Then to add to that they both have on some pretty dope foot work. Michael has on the OG white and royal blue 18s while Kobe is features in a custom Lakers themed 8.
I think I'm going to stop right here because this post is going nowhere. I think I just needed to get it out. Maybe my meds need to be readjusted after all. Maybe I just don't know how to be a happy person, and I need someone or something to blame. Because it just doesn't escape me how much I have to be happy about. I am a very lucky girl....a very lucky girl who is still missing something, even 2 years later.
the extinguisher made from being drug around
iv) its more then 10 years now when my Dad passed away, miss him a lot and just want to say sorry to him once for certain things.
I seem to recall the sage advice of a much wiser brewer than myself. "Relax. Don't worry. Have a homebrew." Ahhhh, sage advice indeed!
Ah. Im fantasising now.
Waiting for Ridley Scott's new Alien prequel has been a very unique experience for me. Having experienced the original Alien as a teenager, and recognizing that it achieved classic status apart from all the successors that followed, there is a certain giddiness about the fact that Scott is returning to the franchise. At the same time, being an adult, I don't want to raise my expectations unreasonably high and then be sorely disappointed. For example, when the first trailers appeared it was very exciting because you could tell at least the look of the film would be good, and that is not surprising given this particular director's strengths. But as more trailers followed, I began to worry that the story would be too simplistic and that they were revealing too much of it too soon. After all, it was the script that contributed to the first film's success just as much as the direction, and the writing crew is a new team with a generation of legacy to deal with.
There's many things I wish I didn't do
Anyway, to the point, back to the Terminators! Today, the second part and the other five men!
In Lebanon we use green and dried thyme extensively. Dried thyme mixed with sumac, toasted sesame seeds and salt is called Zaatar.
There was no sign of the central bank in the market on Monday either, which normally intervenes at least once a day to weaken the real by buying dollars.
fosrsly?
*WAIT!!!* Before you stone me, hear me out! It's not him, it's me...
In the name of Jesus Christ, who alone saves, Amen.
Ok, so I’m sorry for my pity party the other day. Little bit is better, big’ un is home, the camp guy is feeling better, and I am slowly becoming less gimpy! The dishwasher, alas, did NOT make it.
Rick came to see me while he was still learning to use the mechanical arm and we talked about the up and down side of wearing it. We also talked about how he could be an inspiration to other amputees by making the decision to get back behind the drums.
I love white serveware, dishes, pitchers, platters...you name it.
Mr. Completely, would you please forward the following promotion codes and guidelines along so that people can start saving on shooting and outdoor gear.
I was going to start taking the decorations down today but, like most years, I just can't bring myself to do it until I positively have to, on Twelfth Night. In fact, If I had a spare room, I would just transfer everything into there and bring it all out again intact each Christmas!
Now that we know what and where, all we need is the when. That I am ok with not knowing for a while, because I know it won't be sooner than May.
As we were building, we got to the end. We spent most of our time trying to make the nose as big as possible. Right before the end of the contest, Mitchell comes over and just knocks off the nose on the snowman. That was it. That was the straw that broke the proverbial camel’s back for me. I jumped on him and just started punching his face. A few quick punches and then I lept up and ran all the way home, never looking back.
So we of course decided to go to the standard mother's day theme of flowers for our "pretty magnets".
The Voortrekker leaders were a unique blend of European style General & African Chief & the Voortrekkers trekked / migrated in clans following a specific elected leader & were descended from a long line of semi nomadic people who had a rather long historical record of trekking.
Also, I did opt to include prices and product sizes in this one, just in case anyone is interested in picking up something to try themselves.
3. Meeting regularly with the client to validate requirements and discuss design and development ideas and progress.
25. Going on road trips with me.
To start off the week, I'll post a quick reveal of two new furniture items available at Country Antiques.
I encourage you if you feel that way to step back take a deep breath, turn off the barrage of media negativity and think about it.
We are offered the opportunity to visit hell and to come back into the light alive, to be chopped up into little pieces and surface intact. They are an adrenalising endurance test that pushes you to a psychological and physical limit. They have a shuddering and breathtaking intensity, a morbid sense of exaltation. We are reminded of our carnal selves, infinitely vulnerable to infinite kinds of
1 reached
I felt a little like a hypochondriac laying in the bed, attached to the monitors for contractions, with nurses in and out of the room. I know really, that going was the right thing to do. But as Eric and I sat there, listening to the more "real" issues other women were having I felt bad for taking up the bed. *small rant alert* Oh, and I find it really embarrassing that I have two legs that work just fine but they insisted in making me sit in a wheelchair while some poor aide had to push me through seemingly endless hallways until I got to my room!
Does anyone have any awesome and/or easy mac and cheese recipes?
Thank you to Sony Entertainment for giving us a chance to pre screens the movie Bad Teacher due out in Theater June 24, 2011.
- 1/2 tsp salt
1 ltr of red wine
But I’m here in my mold,
I have been on the School District website quite a bit in the last few days. A statement on the Palm Beach County School Board section, stood out to me. According to the School Board’s Mission Statement, the following was adopted on May 5, 1999 as a School District Goal:
Across the street from this quaint, little building was the first plaque of the twelve-plaque Robin Hood Trail of Nottingham. We read the first three plaques, learning something of Robin Hood’s life in the process. I’d always thought Robin Hood was just a story, but wondered about his story’s veracity when we’d passed through Sherwood Forest on our way up to York a few days earlier. Sherwood Forest actually exists! Might Robin Hood have existed, too? According to the plaques, the answer seems to be, “Yes.”
Maxwell-Fyfe typifies the weak rulers. In a Cabinet memorandum of 8 March Maxwell Fyfe feared “serious difficulties involved in contemplating action which would undoubtedly land the Government in some political controversy.” Lets keep it quiet?
4) In a separate bowl, whisk the buttermilk and eggs together.
willing to part ways with all the extra baggage and love handles
Rare pick: Restoration angel(W), Deadeye navigator(U), Conjurers’s closet(A)
The UN-backed Syria peace plan is failing, State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said, casting doubt on the prospects for stopping the bloodshed soon.
These cookies were made entirely with whole wheat flour and are really delicious and the texture was not ruined by the lack of gluten as I had feared. Instead, there are many more layers of flavor (nutty, earthy) and a pleasant rich crunchiness. It didn't hurt that I used chopped 70% dark chocolate instead of chocolate chips.
89If there be yet another name more free,
White Button Mushrooms (Take out the stems)
“If this really is a war for oil, than why don’t you get out of the way and let us drill for our own oil. If it’s really about war for oil than no one has more blood on his hands than you.”
:: Indiana :: My dear friend, Hannah and Ki young, from high school recently moved from California to Indianapolis area. Oli and I went to visit them for a week where we went camping and fishing. It was definately nice to enjoy the slower pace of life.
C: … he will win an impeachment trial.
In every basket and box.
Cricut:
Carla, their daughter, was born just before I graduated college. My boyfriend-now-husband and I proposed to my parents that Spring that we take a camping road trip out to California on their dime. They declined and wisely offered me the consolation prize of sending me to Spain (alone) to meet Baby Carla. B got stuck with a couple of brand new sleeping bags and a tent and no trip at all; I spent a glorious month in sunny Spain. (Not to worry: later B and I would get married and he'd get to go to Spain with me. And, as is the case with all children and my husband, Carla would like him better.)
If I had been honest with my interviewer, then I would have had a truly successful interview. I would have been turned down on the spot, maybe even escorted out by security when I told them what I really thought of The LEAN Process and Six Sigma. My interview would have been successful because I wouldn’t have ended up in a job that’s not suited to my personality or my abilities.
Japan is such a clean and beautiful place full of smiling, happy people. The culture is so generous and, even though we got lots of stares from the dubious locals as we entered the restaurant and bars, the service that followed was superb. We are so fortunate to have friends here to show us around. I can’t wait to see what the rest of the trip has in store for us!
** have a book published **
Band:
Dutch Faust - House of David
Claude Moraes MEP
c) 12
True, you see him as your son,
It is possible that teatime might solve everything. All our problems gone in one fell swoop, if only we stopped for tea.
June Colbern (Dreama Walker) has landed a great job in New York City and moves there from Indiana. However, when she gets there, the company that hired her has gone under and her apartment building has been condemned. She is then forced to find a roommate and she finds one in Chloe (Ritter), a girl who loves to mess with her roommates.
Please check the buyer reviews & ratings of HP Pavilion DM4-1162US Entertainment Notebook PC Laptop 14.0-Inch Widescreen LED Display, Brushed Aluminum Finish, Intel Core i5-450M 2.40 GHz Processor with Turbo Boost Technology up to 2.66 GHz, 4 GB RAM, 320 GB HD, Windows 7 Home Premium, Up to 6.25 hours battery life on the merchant’s website by visit the link below.
Well, she had a snickerdoodle cookie (approved), grapes and strawberries and
Simple, economic containers that can be transformed in beautiful
There was plenty of food, plenty of booze and a great casual atmosphere.
Shoofly pie
Along with all the others.
her: Oh thank you! This is my first time to get to wear it. Isn't it pretty! (as she spun around for effect).
I also had my surgery. More about that later.
Fabrice Muamba admitted he “wished he was playing today” before receiving an emotional reception on the R eebok Stadium pitch ahead of Bolton Wanderers’ 4-1 defeat by Tottenham Hotspur, the midfielder’s first visit to a football match since his cardiac arrest.
Holy Crap! The year is over?!?!? Where the heck did this year go? my year in general is just a big blur…. I passed my exams, I turned 30, I wrote a few blogs, a few stories and really tried to do a lot more……
Wicked
Imagine that the Wazznians have been eyeing the possibility of invading
Read any popular novel, newspaper or magazine. They are written for people who are not clever, or not concentrating. Words, sentences and paragraphs are very short. And here are some other suggestions.
I gave everyone hugs and headed out the door for my 45-minute drive back home. I cried most of the way. But the sad tears were mixed with almost happy tears. I felt depressed to think of losing Grandma – she loved me unconditionally. But I was thankful that she had recognized me, even briefly, to know that I loved her back, and that I was there for her – as she’d always been there for me.
It would be very nice for some white people to see all the clear advantage of South Africa, instead of sit on website complaining how bad it is.
Adur Planning Dept is still awaiting the revised traffic report requested by The Highways Agency. We have no news on the sewage output issue and probably will not know the full details unless the application is passed as this is an engineering issue rather than a planning issue.
Any books that we don’t sell on the day of the jubilee event will be passed to be sold in the Severn Hospice Charity Shops so those books can benefit the communities there.
www.madebymomo.blogspot.com
I don’t want to be one of those people that takes life for granted. I have lived through bad times growing up, and as an adult. I’ve also been blessed enough to enjoy good times growing up and as an adult. I am so grateful for that because it has left this spark of survival in me. I grew up with a family from the South. Our family made our money by starting a successful business during the great depression. I’ve always been taught the value of hard work, and ambition. My family has lived by the motto that we can survive anything and be better for it. Growing up my great grandmother who lived during the great depression would tell me how they made it, the farming, etc… They saved their money, and taught their children the same lessons, and even though my family was blessed financially they never forgot their roots. My great grandmother cooked her own food from scratch. She would sew clothes, and baby doll clothes. She was always teaching us to do “odd jobs” for money. Like picking up pine cones in her backyard for $5.00. I only knew her when she was older so I don’t know if she ever farmed. I know my grandparents do extensively. They have my entire life. I’ve learned alot from watching them garden, and even though we could go to the store and buy bushels of blueberries. They preferred to grow their own. My dad has been the same way. He has even pushed to the extreme of homesteading. While I never understood them wanting to do this I am grateful I watched and learned. Now, I know how to sew, quilt, can, farm, make cheese, and cook from scratch. My friends often see me cook and I make everything from scratch because that is how I was taught. The were shocked to find out can make a cake with out a box! Knowing how to do this I believe has given me a competitive edge. Watching over the past several years the economy slowly crumbling away I’ve wanted to become prepared just incase. I’ve always had a 72-hour survival kit as I’ve had multiple natural disasters happen to me and now I live in California. I never thought I would need to be prepared for an economic crisis.
And despite memorizing the license plate before they drove off…I followed the “Negro Code” that is, NO SNITCHIN’!!
3. Sumo Deadlift 155lbs
Insect remains littered the grave, including the shells of at least 200 blowflies, alongside corpse beetles and other flesh-eating bugs. Moche art at the site contains numerous depictions of such insects, the team notes, surrounding sleletons and war captives, who were likely sacrificed at the pyramid. "Flies and death in Mochica iconography are dramatically depicted on Moche ceramics," say the authors.
As before, any difficulty for Mr Bird regarding these matters would arise from documentation showing his evidence was incorrect. However, replying that one has no knowledge of something which it turns out later one does know, can be excused as a lapse of memory, rather than as a lie.
The light from the perigee Moon will wash out all but the brightest fireballs from the springtime Eta Aquarid meteor shower, NASA said. From 40 to 60 meteors from the shower normally can be seen each hour.
Malaysians these days are a jaded, cynical lot. There’ s a lot to be jaded about. A country struggling to claw its way up the income ladder, political scandals erupting left, right and centre, and a general limbo as we await the next election.
I would like to start by thanking Dr. Eisen for giving me the opportunity to work in his lab. This is my first time working in an “outside of class” lab setting and I feel that this project is perfect for undergrads looking for experience in a research lab. The two mentors helping us, David and Jenna, are great teachers and are always anxious to share their knowledge with us inexperienced ones. They taught us basic molecular biology techniques and procedures that are used in virtually every biology related lab around the world.
Audrey LaFehr – She’s been with Kensington for eight years and in publishing for 24 years. She edits a lot of different genres. She edits Fern Michaels, traditional historical romance, Brava, women’s fiction, historical fiction and erotic romance. She likes series.
Keeping this option alive allows the following to happen:
What do you think of this as a first-day-of-work outfit? With my new found sense of fashion (love of fashion? desire to be fashionable? No, that's not it either — these days, I just have this desire to put my best foot forward. When I feel like I look good, it's like I become a completely different person. I stand up straighter, smile more, and in general — I'm just more radiant. I'm having fun, and it shows. Okay. This wasn't supposed to be a post about my fashion fun — it's just so strange that it's so much fun with clothes.)
According to the Washington Department of Health, Office of Radiation Protection, “A 1.4 Megaton bomb launched about 250 miles above Kansas would destroy most of the electronics that were not protected in the entire Continental United States.”
I can just see it now, should my book ever be published, as some readers accuse me of copping my ideas from this book. I'm not going to change my details; I've had my story since the early 1990's. I never heard about this book until yesterday. I chose these details for my story for very specific reasons that are important to me.
Nov 15 Buffalo, NY - The Center for the Arts
The process of growing coffee and bringing it to your cup is a long journey that if done right can sustainably benefit millions of people around the world. I learned about the cultivation, harvesting and processing of coffee while living in a coffee culture in the highlands of Guatemala in 2002. It is amazing plant that deserves to be respected by being grown in its natural ecosystem. I can write a long time about coffee but ultimately my main point is always to support shade grown, organic coffee that is fair trade. Cheap coffee = impoverished farmers and earth.
I was picturing his face - a boy with floppy brown hair and brown eyes - when the Feed ended.
Paulo looks at Olivia. “Maybe it’s on the next hill.”
Lots of you may know that Samuel went in for his appt. at Vanderbilt (the Down's Syndrome Clinic) for an appt. that we had scheduled before we left for Russia and had been home home just a few short days. They ended up admitting him that day for "Severe Dehydration, Constipation, and Malnutrition." We were there for 3 days and while I was with Samuel, my husband...Father of the Year!...was at home taking care of the 3rd child of the week vomiting profusely! And of course, you know what comes with that...LAUNDRY! Oh my dear husband! He is amazing! All beds were clean and everything disinfected when we returned home!
JUSTICE GINSBURG: But this case could be decided without making any bold steps.
Aaaaah. Spring is my favorite season. The days are longer. Flowers are blooming and the birds are singing. Spring has always been a time of renewal and rebirth. I have been getting tired of the look of my blog so, in the spirit of spring, I decided to freshen it up a bit.
Here’s one of our whole family at Thanksgiving that she posted to Facebook shortly after we made our announcement about the twins :)
our passover is sacrificed for us : therefore let us keep the feast; Not with the old leaven, nor with the leaven of malice and wickedness : but with the unleavened bread of sincerity and truth. 1 Cor. v. 7
Worse even than Roberts, were that possible, was her colleague Duff Wilson, who was to become the main Times reporter covering the case and who, in a 5,700 word page 1 article published on August 25 2006, claimed that the prosecutors had strong evidence to continue pursuing the case against the three defendants, when, in fact no such evidence existed. Wilson did not admit that he report was primarily based on hand written notes prepared, from memory, by one policeman written months after the event, and which conveniently fudged or amended inconsistencies .Some may ask why should he admit it?, the policeman's notes told the story he wanted to report.
Again, dog + beach = joy
The average human brain weighs only 3 pounds, yet within this limited size dwells a mind aware of self and others a mind capable of conceiving infinite space and eternal time. Such a complex mind is constructed from a multitude of components.
Finally, teachings of a faith are not based on popular vote. It would not matter if the entire world decided that black is white--that simply doesn't make it so. Neither does any disagreement with Church teaching necessitate that the Church is required to change the teaching.
We met for frozen yogurt at this place called Yogurtology, which, for the record, should be illegal. Or at least I should have never learned of it. It's one of those "make your own" places, where you choose yogurt and toppings, and they weigh it at the end. For toppings, they have everything. Including things from childhood like Sweet 16 donuts. And Swiss Cake rolls. And Captain Crunch cereal.
The fact Rep, Michelle Bachman (soon to be 4th in leadership line in the House) would go on CNN touting the story as fact becuase "it's been in the press" is stunnning, made even more so with her further claim that eliminating Obama's trip to India is one way she recommends we reduce the deficit! There are no words...
1. What inspired Della Says: OMG! ?
take
I waited to the left of the large rock where the river twists like a snake.The coolness of the night air was refreshing after the stiffling heat of the day. I waited for three hours after the sun had set and then reluctantly made my way north……..alone.
At the end of that year, Chad stopped me in the hall one day and told me how much he enjoyed being in my class. When I looked at him rather skeptically, he insisted that he was serious. Such a step is highly unusual for high school students, and the fact that he made the effort in all apparent sincerity caused me to believe him.
DW: So if their economies are going to go down, they can then say it’s a global economic collapse.
I propose you bring your girlfriends with you. Or if you want a brutally honest opinion, bring your mother. Or mother-in-law! Heck, you don't really need to bring anyone with you, actually. Just step out of the dressing room and walk to the three-paneled mirrors in your dress. I guarantee if you ask another woman, "What do you think?" she will come up to you and exclaim, "Oooo I LOVE that! Are you going to a wedding? That looks wonderful on you! Oh, you should get it honey!" Can you imagine a man doing that? If a man walked out of the dressing room sporting a new pair of jeans and asked a perfect stranger, "Do these make my butt look big?" the other men would look at him as if he'd just sprouted another head as they slowly back away. Because men don't care what they look like. As long as their shirt passes the sniff test, they're good to go.
The indifference of the Spirit World is comforting to me…
Do you ever wake up in the middle of the night with an idea and think...
there seemed
Still, after the boys recent camping with pillows and delivered kebabs this could be divine intervention...
07 Five Years
But anyway. My stylist thanked me for coming back and giving her the opportunity to make things right. Check the box for ''the right thing to say''. The trick was, she sounded sincere.
~ Have a wonderful weekend!
This was the finding of a recent study conducted by Yale University law professor Dan Kahan, University of Oklahoma political science professor Hank Jenkins-Smith and George Washington University law professor Donald Braman that sought to understand why members of the public are sharply and persistently divided on matters on which expert scientists largely agree.
“They can’t do that!”
blue parrot bluetooth Bluetooth Screenless Hands-Free System; No Need For A Screen-System Offers A Voice Menu For Accessing Its Functions; Blends In Seamlessly Inside Any Vehicle; Automatic Phonebook Synchronization; Training-Free Multi-Speaker Voice Recognition; Speech Synthesis Of Names In Phonebook; Contact Management-Up To 2,000 Contacts Per Phone; Easy Installation, Brand ParrotMade for iPodWireless Remote ControlIntegrates with your CarHands Free Driving and Music StreamingMade for iPhone
No white rice, and E@L lives in Asia? Tough, yes, it is tough. Some places do serve brown rice as an alternative to, well, to none.
Cheap Fun!
Shower my facade with gentle words and I will silently block them with reality.
With what looked like increasing cloud cover on the horizon I decided to bring my visit to an end and walked to the end of the clothing optional zone and reluctantly dressed.
“Grandma, you look like a yodeler.”
Jane Hampton Cook, author and historian
The other day when I was loading all three of my kids into their car seats (which miraculously do all fit into the back of our car) I got thinking about how nice it must have been back in the days when they didn't have car seats. No straps to fuss with, not belts to untangle-- just throw the kids in and go! But then I started thinking more about it and realized that not having car seats or seat belts would mean that the kids could, and would, wander, jump and crawl all over the car. How did people drive with chaos like that going on? And what did they use to do with infants? Just lay them on the seat and hope they didn't roll off? Really, how in the world did our grandmothers manage riding in cars without car seats?
Two studies by World Bank economists say foreign aid is one of the problems because "higher aid levels erode the quality of governance."
A nurse comes in to tell me that my midwife is on her way to me and that everything is fine. They wheel me down the hall, I am crying an ocean of tears the whole way until at last, I see FB and he is holding a crying baby.
