Once you know this you can plan picture-taking around this.
First of all, it doesn’t point to me.
I wanted to tell my parents that I hated them. I didn’t hate them. I hated what they did to me. To some extent, I still do, and although I love them loads and speak to them everyday that anger still exists. My life has been a pile of shit since I was twelve, and with the exception of a couple of family deaths all the worst events have been financial. The circumstances were out of their control – although I spent my teens resenting my dad’s insistence on continuing running his own useless business when he could have got a steady job doing just about anything for better pay than his stupid company – and I couldn’t express anger at them for that, because I didn’t want to hurt them.
The rain simply does not bother me at all. In fact, when too many concurrently sunny days occur, I long for the rain to keep me cozy under shelter or inside with a window, anywhere I can write to the sound of the rain on the roof.
Of ships and stars and isles where good men rest,
B. A persistent discomfort with his or her sex or sense of inappropriateness in the gender role of that sex. Must have strong discomfort with own gender and may express these qualities:
Over at Birthing Beautiful Ideas, Kristen wrote a truly awesome post in response to some questions I had about birth plans. In short, she says: do your research, discuss your preferences with your caregiver, and remain flexible and open in the face of what actually unfolds during the birth. When the time comes (and it may be a long time coming, so don't get any ideas), I'll be drawing on the information and resources Kristen provided to put together a plan for the birth of our next little one.
From the ground up
An eCopy of Between (A Heven and Hell novella due out in April)
This does not mean that the questions put forward by non-Muslim intellectuals or citizens should be dismissed. On the contrary, all parties must learn to decentre themselves and move towards listening to the other, to the other’s points of reference, logic and their aspiration. For Muslims, all queries, from their co-religionists or women and men who do share their religious conviction, are welcome. It is for us to make use of these questions as a spark of dynamism to our thoughts. This is how we can remain faithful to the justice demanded by Islam while taking into account also the demands of the contemporary era.
surgeon and model,
Lord Weidenfeld hoped that the new chair, along with another that was established last year at Oxford University, would be the first in a network around the country.
5) Return to Beacom and tell that guy from picture 1 what happened. He'll thank you, make some arrangements and then give you the cabaret ticket. He says it'll be awhile before ships start coming in so you should go enjoy the cabaret and even rest at the inn here.
I might be crawling across that finish line…but I will d@mn-well…FINISH!!!
4. Actions
If the pols allow
Intellectualization protects against anxiety by repressing the emotions connected with an event. A comparison sometimes made is that between isolation (also known as ‘isolation of affect’) and intellectualization. The former is a dissociative response that allows one to dispassionately experience an unpleasant thought or event. The latter is a cognitive style that seeks to conceptualize an unpleasant thought or event in an intellectually comprehensible manner. It allows one to rationally deal with a situation, but may cause suppression of feelings that need to be acknowledged to move on.
svengali Malcolm McLaren. Admittedly, Rotten had scrawled
- Common Access to Search and Examination Results
of my nimble scrawl,
A trick I learned from Martha Stewart's magazine is how to pack a picnic meal well. I tie together the drinks and sandwiches in an oversized tea towel, which I actually cut myself from an old tablecloth. The sandwich is wrapped in plastic, then laid end to end with the drink, rolled up diagonally in the tea towel, and finally a loop is tied together with the ends to serve as a handle to carry with you. Plus Sara had the cute idea to put a stick through the loop that serves as a handle for the drink and sandwich; it definitely makes it look like we've been on the road.
This particular outing is one of the better ones. The recording is primitive by modern day standards, but the power shines through: his paws must have had callouses on callouses. The third eye motion does not let up from start to finish, even when he's warbling.
There has also been a large influx of illegal immigrants coming to Postville over recent years. Apparently, the company aided these people in obtaining the paperwork necessary to "legally" work in the US. Many times, this meant using the same Social Security Number for a large number of employees. Other times, the employees would steal someone else's identity to be able to work.
There’s this thing judges say on Idol with really good contestants – they say that they can sing anything. This week, for me, Jessica Sanchez singlehandedly disproved that theory. First, of all of the songs in the Queen repertoire, whyyyyyy would anyone think it’s a good idea to give her BOHEMIAN RHAPSODY? WHYYY??? I literally can’t think of any Queen song, maybe any song in the entire world that is a worse fit for Jessica. Yall know I love this girl, right? I love Jessica and I love Bohemian Rhapsody, but they go together about as well as whipped cream and ketchup. Ugh, and as if it wasn’t bad enough, the shortened arrangement was almost as laughably awful an homage to Queen as the backdrop of HER OWN CREEPY DISEMBODIED SINGING HEADS. To her credit I really don’t think she could possibly have done better with what she was given, but… COME ON!
For as long as you need me
2012 is a little fuzzy but big things could certainly happen. I made the statement this morning that it was too big of a year NOT to eat Black-eyed peas today. This is how I feel. Big things will happen and the luck can go either way. I’ll be making my New Year’s Day soup and eating my black-eyed peas. Even though I’m not really superstitious, sometimes you just don’t want to tempt fate. And this morning when I went to the grocery store, I got the last two cans of black-eyed peas on the shelf. See… good luck is starting already.
I won't have that hate in my house.
We have a winner of the gift basket giveaway! I just want to thank EVERYTHING for entering - thanks!!!!
So, there you have it. I love the multiple colors and even somehow incorporating the letter "C" in a special way as the first letter of our son's name.
For as long as she can remember, Blue has been warned that she will cause her true love to die. She never thought this would be a problem. But now, as her life becomes caught up in the strange and sinister world of the Raven Boys, she’s not so sure anymore.
Jawbreakers aren’t gags!
Proofreaders and copy-editors needed double-spaced text to give them the space they required to annotate any corrections.
Right now is our moment when. It is the only moment in which our babies will be 3 and 8 months. It is the only guaranteed moment with 4 healthy grandparents, a whole slew of wonderful aunts and uncles, and 9 boy cousins. It is the time when my 3 year old will wrap his arms around me and giggle. The only time when my 8 month old will let me rock him in the wee small hours. It is the time when the simple things in life apply. No crazy weekends running from one sporting event to the next. No teenagers who think we are awful and stupid. No teachers calling to tell us our children have homework to do. These are simple times. Easier times. And I know that, in thinking about future easy times, I sometimes forget to live the current craziness and love it for what it is.
Facts don’t matter much politically if they are not reported.
we could have three years. we could have 13. we could possibly have more - especially as they're making great progress with the research being doing for Fanconi.
In combination, these views make many Chinese political elites suspect that it is the United States that is “on the wrong side of history.” Because they believe that the ultimate goal of the U.S. in view of these factors is to maintain its global hegemony, they conclude that America will seek to constrain or even upset China's rise.
May 26 Lisbon, Portugal – Rock in Rio Lisboa (Review by ascenso_fb)
He died in St. Paul in 1987.
He said absolutely nothing...he just took his little pen...looked me dead in the eye...reached over...and scratched two marks thru the heart! Hmmmm...I guess I know how he feels about moving the stove, I might as well have said we need to move the house! HEE HEE! It made me laugh to see his face...he made up for it after...
Ireland has not a have a tradition of a secret service but it does have a church headquarters in Rome.
agathodaimon (Gr. n);one's good genius, the one that gives you tremendous ideas for your novel at 3am. Not the one that says you're crap.
more than 5 years, or both, together with the costs of prosecution.
First of all, take a square of paper and round the corners. For the roses on my card I used one piece of 3" x 3" for the large rose and two pieces of 2 1/2" x 2 1/2" for the smaller roses. Round the corners with scissors (this isn't an exact science, just snip the corners off basically) and draw a spiral onto your paper with pencil.
All in fun? I'm sure. Probably a good thing they are not competing with any NW breweries who have little sense of humor and resistance to competitive banter. The return quote would be, "Oh yea! I'ma going to git my brother to run you German guys down wit his Dodge Ram! So, what state is Oberasbach in and what da hell is an Eisbock?" ;-0
"Sorry, Queenie." I answer, "I'm with Bev.".
flowers from Storyteller and I am Roses
I’ve gotta clean it all up (clay bar, and a fairly harsh cleaner with no wax or shine additives). After that, I need to layer up the paint down the length of the scratch, so it’s above the existing paint. Probably three layers, each cured before putting the next one down. After that, I have to do something that scares the jebebus out of me. I have to sand my paint. Keeping it sprayed with water for lubrication, and to keep the sandpaper from clogging up.
I was never especially close to my ex-father-in-law; he wasn’t a person many people got close to, and our relationship was sometimes contentious. In the end, there was no relationship at all . . . and yet there was still the tie to Kevin: one of the last remaining blood ties Kevin has to his biological father.
2. “Someone That I Used To Know” by Walk Off The Earth – This cover of the Goyte song is actually better than the original in my opinion. Perhaps it’s because of the clever video that has taken Youtube by storm and that this WOTE is from Burlington. If you haven’t seen this video yet, enjoy. You can also download both the original and cover versions on iTunes. Catchy!
October – TBA (Overseas Event)
FB: Oh....you know, that theeng you wear in winter.
Card - BP is a freebie from a magazine.
LiveJournal is a journaling / blogging site. It was really popular back in the early 2000's. Andrew and I both had one.
I thank you all very much for making my efforts feel worthwhile. I am humbled by (and so proud of) your support.
I'll bet you my dollar to your dime it's because the Obama Administration is aware of Silverstein's point of view and considers him a 'friendly' when it comes to Israel. I doubt they'd be so accommodating if Silverstein were a pro-Israel conservative.
It’s amazing what a difference 30 years have made. Academically, that 1979 first grader (who also needed to be “six years, six months” old and “have two to five permanent or second teeth”) would have been considered right on target to start preschool. In terms of life skills, she’s heading for middle school, riding her two-wheeled bike and finding her own way home. It’s not surprising that I came to this link via Lenore Skenazy’s Free-Range Kids blog. What is surprising is just how shocking a jolt it is to realize how stark the difference is between then and now.
I went for the Out of Step IPA next and it was so good I stayed on that for the rest of the night. Probably not my best idea as it was 5.8%, but it was so good I couldn't get enough.
Here is the ESV rendering of John 5:39,40:
When she stopped for a moment I gave her the gentlest kisses on her forehead. I focused on remaining relaxed and sending out thoughts of love to her. And so she alternated between crying and wailing and quietly offering her forehead up for kisses.
We lived in a flat with some 10-12 other people, most of whom were couples from abroad like us. Across the hall was a young Chinese couple who, by virtue of language barrier, we’d mostly nod, smile, and wave at. We understood that they were both med students specifically studying cancer. Occasionally Mike would play basketball with the guy, but otherwise we mostly saw them in the communal kitchen, where each and every night, like clockwork, they’d appear at the same time we would and they’d prepare traditional Chinese dishes that made us swoon with envy. Compared to them our cooking skills felt woefully inadequate.
The funny thing is, Arsenic and Old Lace represents a subversion of that perfect American dream. Except it does so in a completely disarming way, using comedy to present us with completely ludicrous situations that we can't help but laugh at. It's a farce in the truest sense of the world--the very definition of a screwball comedy. And it's a joy from start to finish.
I think we're quite slick in a rather chilled out way on our latest Vlog.
Stone Brewing Co. Arrogant Bastard Ale
Hi Guys!
Even though Twitter already had more than 100 million users, the company decided it was time for a radical change. The changes included:
Ok, so I am watching Eurovision with some friends and we are drunk and screaming and watching Eurovision. Oh, I said that already.
1 leg
A friend of mine posted something on Facebook that sparked internal debate all day.
A good name is better than fine perfume, and the day of death better than the day of birth. It is better to go to a house of mourning than to go to a house of feasting, for death is the destiny of everyone; the living should take this to heart. Frustration is better than laughter, because a sad face is good for the heart. The heart of the wise is in the house of mourning, but the heart of fools is in the house of pleasure. It is better to heed the rebuke of a wise person than to listen to the song of fools. Like the crackling of thorns under the pot, so is the laughter of fools. This too is meaningless.
He raises his muzzle to draw a deep breath into his lungs. The raspy tongue presses the roof of his mouth in an attempt to extract as much scent from the air as he can. Something kaleidoscopes across the scent memory in his brain. His paws twitch, claws gleaming in the winter light. The claws are sharp, and he knows it.
And still her breathing was halted. Her stomach knotted.
is that every tear that falls is not
Remote control size: 18.5 * 14 * 7.6cm
21. Old Joe Clark
The perception of time is the quintessential human paradox. We often want to escape ourselves and lose track of time, and yet when we become fully aware of the gift of time, we are more present and in touch. As mentioned in chapter 1, I see a solution in becoming less aware of time but more aware of the
Gabry joins her friends in the ill-fated forbidden trip to the amusement park because of her crush on Catcher, her best friend Cira's older brother. This one action causes unforeseen consequences (and because they are unforeseen I don't want to give too much away here!). Those consequences include meeting Elias, a stranger who becomes a friend; Gabry fleeing into the Forest; and a love triangle between Gabry, Elias, and Catcher.
Hey LGD crew,
Although the poem was written in the early 1900s, it’s message is timeless because it is about becoming a good person and a leader which is what, I think, a true grown up needs to be. Just as important as success, however, is not letting success go to your head. Be humble.
Janet is my husband’s ex-wife. Janet is the mother of my two step-daughters. Janet has been a stalker of mine, though it appears she may have gone dormant. I don’t say this tongue-in-cheek; she truly did stalk me for about 2 years. Her methods included giving keys to the house she and her husband lived in- a house I moved into after she took their daughters and left for England- to neighbors who broke in and made copies of my journal and sent them to her, and having the same sets of neighbors raid our garbage cans once they hit curbside so that she knew what our kids were getting for birthdays and Christmas, etc. I swear to the Man Upstairs that this is the truth. (I told you my life rivaled Hollywood.)
some
I call these books Amnesia Books because I love them so much and I found the experience of reading them for the first time so enjoyable that I wish I could take a pill that would give me selective amnesia so I could read them all over again and enjoy them "fresh," not knowing what will happen.
Once they were adhered, I added the lighter color shamrocks. Next, I sprayed the ball with gold Smooch Spritz and added my ribbons. For my bow, I first wrapped the ball with the Old Olive ribbon and added a sewed hook made from the Early Espresso ribbon before tying the bow.
Number of pages: 176
The background, I painted in grey acrylic before spritzing with a white mister and allowing to dry. A variety of trims were adhered to the bottom and I stamped the bird cage onto pale card before arranging it behind the frame. To finish, I tied a thin length of netting through the top of the tag.
TOMORROW: Pictures of the booth
Conciergerie
Brad Blickstein
It's a holo rainbow in a bottle. Fairy like nails, all yours. By Models Own.
“The only good Kraut is a dead Kraut”.
My girls had a play date with their best friend, my best friend’s daughter this afternoon. I walked home with them from a gym where I exercised with my friend Kara in the morning. It felt so nice to work out. I’ve been out of shape for too long. I have blisters caused by the shoes since I haven’t worn my shoes for so long. That’s how long I’ve been out of touch with exercises.
Yet… as I began to read the e-book, I came upon the following sentence:
Also, how great of a book would that make? Womb for Rent.
After we had dinner at Takumi we went outside and decided to get some ice cream and check out the shops. While walking to the Japanese supermarket we bumped into my friends Hachi, Iris and Xia who also planned to come to Düdo that day. We were supposed to all meet up earlier but failed to get contact with each other haha. It turned out they already did shopping and stuff so we decided to
However, anyone who knows anything about The Grateful
The people would gather around his deathbed
Taylor (4 years 4 months): Walking through Black Hawk County’s Greenbelt to see the mertensias, then in full bloom, Taylor was also collecting feathers – “bord feathers.” (#561)
I then restored the machine from Time Machine again, this time from a back up taken before the ‘power outage’ and again the restoration failed. And again Disk Utility found errors with the Mini’s hard disk, which it couldn’t repair.
July 2
Whatever your musical poison were catering for you over the Easter break here at The Rabbit Features. We’ve got up and coming interviews with Phil Primmer of The Conflict Within and Nikki Euphonique, Jungle and D’n’B DJ and driving force behind Sub-Woofa. For more details about their gigs and events in East Anglia check out the links bellow! Keep your eyes peeled for more articles to keep you occupied. Let’s be honest, it’s better than doing essays.
So… this is almost like telling people we’re having another baby!
- Judge J.H. Logan from California, USA, created the Loganberry fruit. He crossed a wild blackberry with a cultivated raspberry and came up with his own fruit.
“To some she seemed unreal, something that could not be… What right had she to greatness?… The lesson of Mrs. Bethune’s life is that genius knows no racial barriers.” Daytona Beach Evening News
It’s an afternoon party, so Heleva gets home before the sun has a chance to set. Alone, horny, and unable to reach her booty call, she gets online and searches for porn. Finally she finds something worth getting off to. Her face breaks into a slow, wide, loose smile. She shimmies out of her jeans, shaking her butt. The video is full of twisted, unsafe practices and many of it acts have been deemed illegal in most states. It’s the kind of shit Heleva would never agree to in real life, but she has a nice, good wank to it just the same. Outside, the sky is still pink from the sunset but quickly turning purple. Just like the ass of the porno’s lead actress.
Deeva has no number two on her list, but never mind. Our Muslim friend would like us to believe that 'jihad' is as innocuous as helping Granny cross the street. Where could we infidels get the quaint notion that Jihad means holy war? Oh yeah, from the Muslims themselves, as well as their own religious teachings, put this beyond a shred of doubt.
Belle is intelligent and most of the time behaves herself much like a lady, or a cat. Except on walks. I can manipulate dogs too, all I have to say is WALK and Belle’s ears perk up and she gets excited. But I feel bad if I do it too often just to get a picture (she understands what a walk is).
“Implicit in the Christian verity that all men are the spirit children of an Eternal Father is the usually unspoken truth that they are also the offspring of an Eternal Mother. An exalted and glorified Man of Holiness (Moses 6:57) could not be a Father unless a Woman of like glory, perfection, and holiness was associated with him as a Mother” (Mormon Doctrine, 1977 ed., p. 516).
To: 'BBC: Liss Goril Anda'
Our Guest Designer as picked by out DT Jane is Lyndsey - If you contact me on the above e-mail I will send you out the GDT blinkie and the challenge info.
The other great thing about the Old Post Office is that it has a food court. Less expensive dining can be a bit tricky to get near the Mall. Not that there is anything I would consider a “can’t miss” in the offerings, but when you have a hungry crew who all want different things…the variety can be a life saver. There are a few shops as well where you can pick up fun and/or cheesy gifts and even a small arcade. Also, thank goodness, there is actually still a working Post Office! It is kind of hard to fun, but a fun hunt and they have lots of different stamps to look at. Plus, there are plenty of seats inside the Old Post Office so it can be a good place to relax for a few minutes if the weather is not that great.
Cardie: C.M.D.
Surely it’s a simple matter of definition.
General Najiya: Do you know what you are asking me to do? You are asking me to traitor my country for a worthless woman!
1. Wear black-It goes with everything and looks great on nearly everyone!
It’s the most beautiful of all love stories. It’s the song of all songs. Let’s begin the journey….
The story repeats in German clothing stores, book stores, postal offices, banks, etc. It’s no wonder many Americans perceive German salespeople as a bit cold. They just don’t share in our mentality that pseudo-friendless equals an improved customer experience (which is debatable conclusion in itself, I might add). On the other side, it’s no wonder that many Germans are turned off by chatterbox salespeople in the U.S. They’re just not used to someone “pestering” them as soon as they step foot in a store.
I've Got Asthma 2:22
Even if going to school is the only thing a parent ever tells a child he has to do, it's a pretty major one. It's not like taking out the trash once a week. It's something that will consume the child's life for years and years. The parents have to keep telling their children what to do every day of the school year for about thirteen years. Would this not disqualify them from being permissive?
Anyway, it’s a really neat system…
Five years lapse before the two men meet again when after “growing stale in London” the narrator returns to Paris. He finds Strickland living in a squalid attic “entirely indifferent to his surroundings”, he recalls: “His body was cadaverous. He wore the same suit that I had seen him in five years before; it was torn and stained, threadbare, and it hung upon him loosely, as though it had been made for someone else. I noticed his hands, dirty, with long nails; they were merely bone and sinew…. He gave me an extraordinary impression as he sat there… an impression of great strength; and I could not understand why it was that his emaciation somehow made it more striking.” The point Maugham makes throughout the book is that true happiness depends upon ourselves, and for Strickland that means fulfilling the “disturbing vision in his soul” whatever the cost. In his case it means manumitting himself from the impositions of polite society and adopting a taoistic lifestyle in order to find an artistic and spiritual homeostasis. The narrator observes: “Here was a man who sincerely did not mind what people thought of him, and so convention had no hold on him; he was like a wrestler whose body is oiled; you could not get a grip on him; it gave him a freedom which was an outrage.” Growing increasingly eremitic Strickland renounces everything both materialistic and carnal, including love. He says: “I don’t want love. I haven’t time for it. It’s weakness. I am a man, and sometimes I want a woman. When I’ve satisfied my passion I’m ready for other things. I can’t overcome my desire, but I hate it; it imprisons my spirit; I look forward to the time when I shall be free from all desire and can give myself without hindrance to my work…I know lust. That’s normal and healthy. Love is a disease.” Ironically, the passion that holds Strickland in bondage is not “less tyrannical than love” nor less consuming.
He freely admits his books’ debts to both Tolkien and Gormenghast Trilogy author Mervyn Peake. Make no mistake however Monster Blood Tattoo is no parody or pastiche, but an intricately imagined and richly drawn world with a compelling storyline. Fans were delighted to hear that Mr Cornish is well into a fourth book in the series told it seems from a much different perspective.
What are the current technological trends in the Indian chemicals and waterproofing industry?
It's late, almost midnight, and one of those times where I wish I had a laptop and I could just lie in bed and write instead of getting up and going to my desk. But sitting at my desk feels less like cheating than lying in bed and writing would be. This week I seem to be a virus magnet and today it was a fever. Wednesday it was a sore throat. I have never had so many little colds and flus since I started this job a year ago. I wonder if we have one of those sick buildings?
*The Intern is finally out of earshot.*
And it all comes back full circle doesn't it. Women with PPD for the first time think they are crazy. Women like myself who have experienced depression and anxiety at some point in their lives still think they are crazy when the PPD/PPA fog shrouds them in darkness. Women think other women are weak who are experiencing PPD.
So we are instruments of righteousness for God. We follow the lead instrument that Jesus was. He was the example of how members of His Kingdom song should sound. When Jesus died, rose again and ascended to heaven He sent the promised helper of the Holy Spirit who ‘will teach you all things and bring to your remembrance all that I (Jesus) have said to you.’ (John 14:26) in John 15 Jesus says that the Spirit will ‘bear witness’ of Himself. The Holy Spirit, the breath of God now blows through us, beats us, strums us so that we can sound as Jesus did, not only that but Jesus says later on in John 16: 12-15
One particular Sunday morning we went off to Holy Family Church as usual. My older sisters were pretty young so I was super young. I will guess at 4 or 5. We were sitting near the back of the church. The church was on a little bit of a slope, where the back was a little higher than the front. My older sisters were talking and giggling and my parents were a little perturbed. I suddenly heard one of my sisters say “oh !” and we heard clink, clank, clank, clank all the way down the aisle to the front of the church. One of my sisters were playing with a ring and it dropped and rolled all the way down the aisle…oops ! Then they started giggling, and after my brother and then I started giggling too. I remember my Mother giving us that look – the look that said “you are all in very big trouble after mass !”
So the next time you stop by the San Diego – Chinese Historical Museum check out the lovely Chinese Minority Costume and Jewelry Exhibit.
The Russians have moved an entire division to the Siberian northern coast. And dig this. The Russian Navy’s top priority? Their pride-and-joy? SIX brand new, double-hulled, nuclear powered icebreakers they recently put in service. (The U.S. has one large, single-hulled, obsolete oil-powered breaker, soon to be retired. The U.S. Coast Guard operates three smaller, conventional ice breakers out of Seattle.)
Given that the Tories whole strategy was based on the lunatic idea that by cutting Public Spending the money would somehow miraculously find its way into investment by the private sector, who would create jobs and growth, this is bad news. That is especially true as the secondary element of that strategy was that growth would come from the biggest increase in exports the UK has ever known, at a time when manufacturing exports are also suffering as similarly minded right-wing populists in Europe, set about cratering the EU economy via a similar set of austerity measures, when the governments of booming Asian economies have tightened the screws to prevent the opposite danger of inflation, and the US recovery is also faltering with the danger of it suffering a liquidity trap, in which the Federal Reserve has ballooned its Balance Sheet by printing money, and buying Bonds, but the economy is still failing to respond leaving it with few monetary levers left to pull.
I’m sure you’re busier than normal right now…and I imagine it’s hard for you to make a time for stamping, lol. However, I have a fun challenge you can play today!! Repeat Impressions is using my card above for the CASE Challenge Wednesday!! Woohoo!
Not that, again, our scripts are considered holy and untouchable. We're constantly cutting and revising, looking for ways to punch it up, to be more precise, more flavourful. Recently, we were going over the following dialogue in rehearsal:
In the end, I figured out a way to hopefully stop the cycle of abuse which had by that stage evolved into the emotional/mental variety rather than the physical.
We've survived our first week of junior kindergarten and daycare. It's an 8:45 to noon thing, plus driving time. If we had chosen afternoons instead of mornings, it would have been from 4:45 to 8pm. I wasn't exaggerating about the Argentina-time thing.
The new generation of submarines – the Israeli Navy already has three older Dolphins — give Israel a second strike capability in the event of an enemy attack. That is also a powerful deterrent for an enemy like Iran that may think that launching a surprise nuclear attack on Israel.
Bad-ass attitude: check
A casserole dish or anything that holds all of it works fine.
Well he will fit right in, because our cops in SA are the biggest criminals in the country- If they are not killing or raping the public then they extort money from them...Even from their own black people...
Maidei’s journey is simple: any willing TeamEstrogen member can offer to bike her around, or even hike, ski or yes, drive the car with her to show local sights and adventures. A few snapshots are then uploaded onto the Internet forums. Then the host can choose to bike, drive or mail Maidie to next willing host. The host absorbs cost of mailing Maidei to next destination, if mail delivery is Maidei’s transportation mode.
it was insane and I can't wait to share it with you tomorrow!
Let me just say first that I don’t recall potty training my other kids with any fondness. I don’t think Kevin or Lilah were particularly difficult to get toilet trained, but I do remember Joey and the twins being especially taxing, and I remember thinking at the time that potty training was worse – was harder – than the nightmare of “sleep training” little ones. None of my kids were potty trained before age 3, with the exception of Lilah who potty trained at age 2.
No. It was none of these.
After her father is injured in an accident, Sadie Wagner moves from her home in Dalton, Indiana to Goldtree, Kansas so that she can work and earn money to help support her family. Shortly after her arrival, Sadie meets Goldtree’s handsome new sheriff, Thad and enjoys spending time and getting to know him better. But before long, she realizes she’s inadvertently gotten herself into more than she bargained for, including being involved in an illegal boot-legging and gambling operation. There’s also the matter of Sid, who isn’t related to Sadie by blood, but grew up as her cousin. When Sadie arrives in Goldtree, it’s Sid’s agenda to make her his wife.
It's in the driving needles
Just finished reading Markus Zusak's, The Book Thief, a novel about a young girl living in Germany during the Third Reich. I was reluctant to read this book. I tend to hate authors who place child characters in dangerous circumstances. Children get enough shit in reality, why compound it in fiction? Also reminds me far too much of my childhood.
tenets Africans have still to individually and collectively shed
had enjoyed. She spent many of her later years in mental hospitals.
“NO! I WILL NOT SHOW MY SNOUT FROM YOUR HOOD UNTIL I GET IT BACK!”
They weren’t going to kill him right away. First there would be only little things, irritating things, that would build and grow and tighten until Captain Driscoll became afraid. Then they’d begin their reign of terror. That would be the best part. The three revenge-hungry men would savor those moments like a good wine.
Hi ladies. It's Natalie here with a challenge for ya!! It's my first challenge as part of the DT and i really hope it stretches your imagination and makes you craft out of your comfort zone!!
To replace the caffeine I have set about consuming the world’s supply of lemon and ginger and peppermint tea. But it’s just not the same. This mug of hot yellow stuff is not the place for my chocolate digestive. You can see the crumbs collecting at the bottom, unshielded as they would be by the milky, opaque liquid, it’s incredibly off-putting.
Understand the Social Media Maturity Stage of Your Organization is the 47th in a series of excerpts from our book, Be a Person: the Social Operating Manual for Enterprises (itself part of a series for different audiences). At this rate it’ll be a long time before we get through all 430 pages, but luckily, if you’re impatient, the book is available in paper form at http://bit.ly/OrderBeAPerson and you can save $5 using Coupon Code 62YTRFCV
09. Reggie Milla feat. Budah Tye
Really? Really? Why would a fifteen-year-old girl take birth control pills? I think, probably, it has to do with her monthly cycles. (Gosh, I hope so!) But what fifteen-year-old wants that plastered on television?
You mention the question:
Karen Foster Embellishments
Not to be left out of the fun, many brewers large and small come out with chocolate beers around this time of year. Last year, Ise Kadoya released its seasonal Nut's Brown Porter, a sweet but not over-the-top offering meant to be paired with chocolate rather than be a replacement for it.
Energies depleted
beating down Alstroemeria,
Yay for summer!
Holly sits at her desk, typing on her laptop.
I had to put off seeing The Thing for a while because I hadn't yet fallen in love with The Thing... I mean, John Carpenter's The Thing, not the prequel ... OH MY FREAKING GOSH, why did they give a prequel a name that is exactly the same as the movie it's prequel-izing?! Argh. Okay, if I'm going to mention both movies here, maybe this will clear things up: the 1982 film will hereby be called "Thing 1" (because it's the original) and the prequel will be called "Thing 2." Thank you, Dr. Seuss. Onward.
I had my last class on Friday and this is one of the card that we made. I cased it from the catalog only I didn't paper pierce as much as they did. I stamped the butterfly in white craft on vellum then cut it out, spread the wings and adhered it to the modern label punch. The picture doesn't really do it justice. It is a beautiful card and super easy to make. It would look great in other colors as well. I am sad that I am done teaching my class, but on the other hand, I am happy cause now I can spend my time getting ready to move. Woo Hoo!!
I found some fabulous puppet templates at this site. I figured it would be easiest to have templates available for making specific puppets, although the kids were certainly free to make whatever creative puppets they could come up with on their own. I made some mock-ups to bring along, so they could see what they would look like finished.
6.You are looking over the edge up at the top of the Empire State Building in New York City and your phone drops out of you pocket. I wonder how small the pieces will be when it hits the ground.
She keeps on trying that little girl of mine…over and over and over again. I’m aware that her challenge for sitting is the same thing that makes her adorable, those tiny arms.
The Sippy Straw Cleaner comes with two Cleaner Brushes in each pack and retails for only $3.98, that is less then the cost of most Sippy Cups! One has a plastic polypropylene handle to help you keep a good grip on the brush while scrubbing and the other one has a twisted wire handle to allow the brush to go even deeper, this is especially nice for those really long straws. The rust-free stainless steel wire is flexible so that you can push it through curved areas like in the Silly Straws. The nylon bristles are just wide enough to thoroughly clean even the accordion type straws, while still narrow enough to squeeze into the smallest sippy straws. The Sippy Straw Cleaner is FDA aprroved and BPA Free and meets all of the strict federal guidelines.
Strength: This is one of the best offensive teams in the country. The Cougars lead the WCC in scoring with over 78 points per game. They have four guys averaging in double figures giving them multiple options to go to. They have balance in the paint with Brandon Davies and Noah Hartsock in the low-post and Charles Abouo and Matt Carlino on the perimeter. That’s being able to use multiple weapons in multiple ways.
And what I’ve also said to Republicans is, if you don’t like that formulation, then I’m happy to work with you on tax reform that could potentially lower everybody’s rates and broaden the base, as long as that package was sufficiently progressive so that we weren’t balancing the budget on the backs of middle-class families and working-class families, and we weren’t letting hedge fund managers or authors of best-selling books off the hook.
They woke me up.
Porky pig's liquidised smoking bacon rind.
PS- I did not calculate this meal knowing that I was not going to be going anywhere near my pointsplus limits that week. lol
“The abuse of your position of authority in circumstances (with) a vulnerable 16-year-old complainant was a serious lapse of judgement.
This whole episode, (I prefer to consider this failed marriage an episode in my life for life itself is too big to compare marriage as being everything in one’s life) has left me wondering, why does he (my husband) not worry about our burnt house rather than fretting over trivial issues like he missed on saving his favorite shirt from the fire!
With writing, there's no 'good enough'. There's no point where you can stop working despite the fact you don't feel stretched.
Method 4 – Self Promotion. There are several ways you can promote your business and get additional referrals. Here are a few of them (I will only list them here as you can read more about each on the NIS site).
she doesnt need to go see special docters, she doesnt need to be changed.
It's like magic. Monster magic.
For products used on my cards
The slinkers in the centre could be seen moving about behind the large mound of rubble in front of Wayne and Gable. Lieutenant Robinson surveyed the scene. He determined that the bug in the centre of his position was still the greatest threat and quickly relayed that thought to sergeant Wayne. Then he tried once more to get hold of sergeant Bogart and see if he could get his men back into shape.
inks: copics and memento tuxedo black
PS I am no longer 35 and I completed the Triathlon Pink event in October 2011. You can read about it here. I have removed links to the donation page as it no longer exists but wanted to maintain the integrity of the original post.
Somewhere there’s a comet called Halley
Susan Carlton author of LOVE AND HAIGHT stopped by to play a game of This or That. Find out more about Susan, her book, and her characters at the blog tour hosted by The {Teen} Book Scene.
But no, I checked with V. Prabhakaran at the bookstore (one of the Good Guys) and he showed me an obituary mailed by Robert's sister in El Dorado, California. Robert fell from a 15-foot ladder on June 24, 2008 while trimming trees on his property.
The thing is, I can’t even count the number of times I’ve seen or heard someone say it’s been a month, or two, or even three, should I status query? Or worse, I status queried and didn’t hear back, well forget them. Ack!
it is about His infinite capacity
With sadness and with hope I stopped partaking for a while
The grant is probably the most important part of the licence. Its provisions, outlined below, require careful thought as to their content. To protect all parties, they should be drafted unambiguously, leaving no doubt or open questions regarding the rights being granted.
Nobody needs that.
God’s Word makes us wise—wiser than our enemies and wiser than any teachers who ignore it. True wisdom goes beyond amassing knowledge; it is applying knowledge in a life-changing way. Intelligent or experienced people are not necessarily wise. Wisdom comes from allowing God’s teachings to guide me.
Upon his arrival in Paris, Charles is immediately taken into captivity in La Force, a prison. Robbed of his rights, and forced to pay for his prison accommodations, he sends a letter to the Manettes for help. They arrive, along with Sydney Carton, in time to find that Charles Darnay is sentenced to a trial by the people, and likely following, a meeting with La Guillotine.
What gets to me though is a real growing bitterness from many quarters directed to those who choose to sell their ebooks via Amazon for Kindle at 99p.
That led us to the subject of J.G. Ballard's short story, "The Cloud Sculptors of Coral D," in which a small Pacific island—if I remember the story correctly—serves as the setting of a peculiar cultural contest: the advanced cultivation of artificial clouds, using kites and small by-planes.
Law of prosperity
And I have no idea which way to go....so I don't go at all.
Dear Gary Rumain
‘I called her and pleaded. I said sorry. But look, she waited for me to talk to her for almost a whole year,’ his face contorted with guilt. ‘Did you know we were planning to get married? Our wedding date was set for December last year, but Juliet broke it off, saying that she wasn’t sure. And like all couples, things get strange in the relationship after that…’ his voice grew shaky with emotion. ‘But while she waited for me to talk about us, I became very busy with work. And I had no time… no time for her.’ Mr D frowned.
Suddenly, around 11am, I felt a strong urge to go to the bathroom. I buzzed the nurse, and when she arrived, I explained, in all seriousness, “I have to go to the bathroom right away. Would you mind unhooking me from the heart-rate monitor and helping me walk over?” (Looking back, I realize how crazy that must have sounded! I just didn't think I was far along.)
The first thing she showed us was a video about the work Mullen has done, which is the advertising agency she works with. In this video I noticed how they implemented a form of product placement for one of their client’s, Livingsocial, in an episode of Keeping Up With the Kardashians. When this clip came up, I immediately became ecstatic, although I’m not as into the Kardashians like I once was, I remember seeing this episode so it made me excited. I’ve always recognized product placement in shows, and I remember recognizing it when Kris Kardashian was talking with her husband about her daughter wanting to have the family go on a family vacation to Hawaii, and Kris said, “…she saw this deal on this website called Livingsocial.com…”
It is this lack of holistic thinking that makes people jump around and try other faiths. I know because I did it as well. Fortunately, my padrino (godfather) and I met and helped me to see life from a different perspective. Of course, it didn’t come quickly. I had to go through a bit of ordeal as you all know, but this ordeal was my trial by fire or leading to my burning bush initiation. It was because of my initiation I began to see the Kamitic tradition differently. Like many, I had read and read the Kamitic legends numerous times and just chalked them up as fanciful stories, which is evidence of my Western education (indoctrination), non-holistic thinking and lack of maturity. When I was undergoing my informal initiation that’s when the truth of the Story of Ra and Oset appeared to me.
YOU WILL BE IMMEDIATELY CONNECTED to a rep in the UK .. It only takes a few seconds to have your call re-directed to the UK .
Back at Young Young, everyone is toasting each their success tonight. His gangster friend wants to know what GG is and after a brief awkward silence, Young Gul deflects the question. After the toast, Young Gul becomes a bit grim until Anna walks up, reminding him of an interview with reporters and asks what GG is-is it Ga Young’s initials? Young Gul walks away without replying. She follows him and the office ladies watch disapprovingly.
I'm old school. I could survive with a NES. I bought a DS endure year, and it's in actuality neat. I aswell adore the Wii a lot. I wouldn't say I play abounding amateur on Sony systems, and I anticipate Xboxes are the devil.
A few jobs need tackling at home.
Madeleine is now saying it's hers and she is going to start feeding her!
Helon’s 400 million yuan ($63.3 million) tranche of short-term commercial paper, which matures on April 15, will pay off principal with interest on that day, according to the announcement posted on the website of the China Foreign Exchange Trade System (CFETS), the platform for trading in China’s interbank bond market.
The ancient Olympic games were held every four years in the Greek City of Olympia starting from 776 BCE. Coubertin spent five years organising international meetings with athletes and sports enthusiasts that might make it happen. Coubertin believed that the early ancient Olympics encouraged competition amongst amateurs rather than professional athletes and he saw great value in that.
The patterned paper that I die cut using a Spellbinders plain circle die is what inspired me to use the TE set Birds of a Feather. The patterned paper circle was matted with green felt die cut using a larger Spellbinders circle die. I stamped the branch image using dark, dark brown ink and then trimmed it out. The birdcage was stamped using yellow ink and trimmed out as well. Both images were then popped up on the circles for more dimension. I stamped a couple of little birds using a light aqua ink, trimmed them out and added them as you seen. The sketch called for the sentiment to be on the front, but I decided to finish off the interior of the card with a strip of the same paper that was used for the die cut circle. The left over paper just happened to have the little frame image already on it... the perfect spot to stamp my sentiment. I have to tell you that I have been having a bit of a laugh over some of the comments left for me on cards that I have posted where I have finished the inside because many of you think I have made two separate cards! If you take a look at the finished card, you can see the interior just peeking out on the one side. I can see, though, how it might seem like two different cards since I have been taking a picture of the interior before I have adhered the finished card front to the card base. (Ha!! I just discovered that I can add a caption to my pictures, so I have given both photos a caption!)
In other news, I joined a acting class (CYT) It's really fun!!
Many entrepreneurs with great tech ideas have a hard time securing the necessary visas to live and work in Silicon Valley. Typical US visas are not designed for international entrepreneurs; they are more geared to company employees (as in the common H1-B visa).
And cherished it
So, with that quick intro out of the way, it's time to detail out the options for this year's battle. There's a form at the bottom of this post (or you can find it here). Please fill it out to pick your favorite ideas. It's really short, only takes a minute, and I count on as much participation as possible to do this! Voting will remain open until Saturday, April 15th at midnight PDT (or earlier if particpation slacks off).
Unfortunately, this book was not as good as I had hoped – in many places I found it downright boring as hell. I could relate to the boy to some degree – he felt responsible for many things that Jack did and took it upon himself to make sure the Ripper paid. However, mishap after mishap befalls him until it began to get a bit ridiculous. I can take so much, as I know I have said before, but when things start going into the absurd, I draw the line.
He peed on the flowerpots in front of the hotel.
Last week while Jon was gone, Nate mentioned his "girlfriend." My first thought was that he meant "girl friend" because in the past, they have said they wanted to invite all their boy friends to their birthday party but not their girl friends.
So, don’t laugh…we’ve been baking, he and I. Well, he’s been baking; I’ve been nicking the cake mix. Cos, though food in general doesn’t really rock my boat, I’m a sucker for cake mix. And – of course – baking involves ovens and oven involve…heat. Delicious heat.
Costs of printing * £ 3.72 £ 8.02
It's patently obvious.
Me: Most definitely. I am going. I am driving.
One last thing. So, I was on the plane flying from Chicago to Cedar Rapids on Friday and was talking with the guy next to me. Somehow, the conversation turned to sports and he told me about his kids and all the various sports they were playing. He explained how he thinks it's a good idea because he wants a "mans's man", not one of these "feminized boys" that society promotes these days. Those are his words, not mine. Oy.
Granted, it may take a degree of natural narcissism to easily resist the male urge to respond in the face of a perceived problem. But the urge can be resisted, even by the most instinctively submissive Gamma. Remember the wise words of Calvin Coolidge: "Never go out to meet trouble. If you will just sit still, nine cases out of ten someone will intercept it before it reaches you."
AP/The Miami Herald, 04/29/2012
You have to buy a little bottle of Pellegrino (carbonated mineral water) and hand it to the barista in order for them to make this for you.
there's simply no chance for you to open your mouth
20And the beast was taken, and with him the false prophet that wrought miracles before him, with which he deceived them that had received the mark of the beast, and them that worshipped his image. These both were cast alive into a lake of fire burning with brimstone.
Check out bag #2- another Judy O'Dell and Ellen Chester's Within My Heart Sewing Case, Rosewood Manor, The Workbasket & more, including a Wild Strawberry Fall Berry kit! OK-I love mystery treasure bags! Thanks, Attic Needlework!
For Forest City Ratner, the developer of the project, which was strongly backed by many city leaders, the changes are evidence that the arena has already met its goal of transforming a dreary section of Brooklyn — the Long Island Rail Road’s rail yards and surrounding industrial buildings, which the company’s spokesman described as “ a scar that divided the neighborhood.”
The Prophecy
2 Cloves Garlic Minced
We are gifting FREEBIES, such as digital images, and other wonderful downloadable goodies!
I was going to the cinema later with Moni but she said the 3D tickets were sold out O_o. It was ok for me. It was SO hot outside that I came home tired, probably of eating, gossiping, and having ice-cream ^^
By Monique Castillo
And of course, Madonna shook more than just her pelvis any time she was on stage. She often mimicked the complete sex act. In fact, she came out with an entire book filled with explicit photographs of her in various stages of undress and in very suggestive and sexually provocative poses. And what about Janet Jackson and the infamous "wardrobe malfunction?"
But I just hope that people will look at these elections and recognise it’s about electing your local council – it’s about who is going to keep the council tax down, who’s going to provide value for money, who’s going to look after your area, and not about a group of out-of-touch posh boys like me who are making such a mess of the country at national level.
My advice on how to handle a really small advance? Negotiate the hell out of it. And if that doesn’t work, prove them wrong. Sell so many copies of that first book that they will have to pay you a ton on the next.
We may have complained about getting up at four in the morning to go to Phoenix, AZ. but once we were on the flight, our vacation had started. Flying was part of the vacation not like now where it is something to live through with great dread and anticipation. Was there a difference in first-class and economy? Sure, but either was fine. We always went economy (and we could stretch across 3-4 seats back then) until one day I think we begged our dad to try first class, it was a matter of twelve or eight dollars per person. It was hard to go back to economy after that.
How does he do this?
4010 Bissonnet St.
6He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches.
If you want to reply to your commenters' comments by email:
The heart chakra represents what we are now learning and experiencing more than ever. It is all about the heart. As we become more heart-centred and focus on all people, the planet and situations with love and peace, we will see shifts happening. The energies are here to support us in being stewards of love. You are reminded that for any questions you have, or decisions to make, look in your heart, where all the answers lie. So put your mind aside and tune into your heart now. What is it telling you?
* 1/2 to 1 teaspoon green Tabasco sauce
In this case I was making a skirt for Amy. I used a pattern that calls for something lightweight, like linen or rayon, and I had to use denim. So I made it a size bigger just in case thicker fabric in eight seams messed up the size calculations. I lengthened it 3", because she likes her skirts really long. And I did NOT follow the instructions for the gussets! The last time I made this skirt it was for Betz. The gussets were a huge headache. I needed a fix. And for once, striking out on my own resulted in success!
Stranger Cole and Patsy! The names are synonymous with the founding of ska and rocksteady in Jamaica in the early 1960's. Some of my earliest memories of discovering original 60's ska are of hearing Cole belt out the lilting and anthemic 'We Are Rolling' and Patsy duet with Derrick Morgan on 'Housewifes Choice' from the raw and always sensational 'Intensified: Original Ska 1962-66' album that rarely left my turntable in college. So I was beyond excited to be part of the crowd that packed the Bell House in Brooklyn in October to witness ska history. Nearly 40 years in the making (and nearly four years of persuading, pleading, and negotiating to set this show up) it finally came to pass -- Stranger Cole and Patsy reunited! Read a great review of the show over at the Duff Guide To Ska and watch footage of the show below.
-We tried green beans and it made you have a little rash and it upset your tummy, so we don't eat those anymore!
The problem I'm having - I'm not living the life I want anymore. I want more. When I got the job I have now - and I'm planning a post about that soon, my job and what I do - it was meant to be 10 - 15 hours a week, in an office. I went in on my first day and realized I could do the job from home, so a few months later, I was set up with a company computer and an office phone, and here I've been, ever since, for three and a half years. My duties have changed, my hours have grown. For years, I struggled with not making enough money each month - pay one bill one month, one bill the next, always trying to stay just ahead of the cut-off... I'd get really far behind and ask friends for help. I managed my money poorly, on top of under-earning. What a mess! But for the last year or year and half, I've kinda gotten it together. I pay my rent on time, and now, most other bills, too. I earn enough each month - well, combined with child support - to pay our bills, get groceries, etc. We're not in a totally secure place, but much, much better than it's ever been.
Tony Stark: I thought I didn’t qualify. I was considered, what was it… volatile, self-centred, and I don’t play well with others.
I’ve not written much of late. Between school, depression, raising a child, and playing the good daughter/sister/friend game with the hometown, I’ve just been too busy. That and I can’t access this account from their computers least I alert them to my dark side. *insert evil grin*
Mayonnaise head lice treatment is a easy and natural to kill lice and is something you will possibly currently have at home in one of your kitchen cabinets. Pubic lice indicators are many times mild, severe itching, macular, or mini, awkward to see blue gray lumps on the skin, and breaks the skin or redness and swelling indicate achievable infection. small gray insects or parasites brown hair that reaches the recoginized as lice. This is because the lice and their eggs are so mini they will fit the teeth of routine combs . If a class has understanding that a construction carrier mosquitoes, daily checks are wise to prevent lice to others. Size nits is about 0.
I know you’ll take care of all my needs
Even though, she was working on a comeback through her movie projects, Sparkle and the sequel to Waiting To Exhale, let us not forget that she lost relevance not as much as a due to her lack of talent. I am sure despite her struggles with her voice, people would still file into many venues to see her, even if she had to resort to lip syncing and other creative means of production. No, her biggest problem was the lifestyle. In order to save her, she should have only been in that environment when she was “needed”, not when she “wanted” to be there.
Her book is half emotional support for people dealing with cervical stitches, best rest and the worry that comes after having a premature stillborn baby and half a medical reference guide, as she has spent the last 4 years researching everything to do with premature labour, incompetent cervix, the benefits of bed rest etc.
Gisela Gruber’s office was located at the end of a long hallway on the second floor of New Concord College. The hallway walls were a sterile white, and there was a marble pattern of light hospital green and white on the linoleum. In between each door hung a trite abstract painting executed by students in the Fine Arts program.
Well, I love a rainy night
Well since we only had four play along this week, I might as well make it the top four! There was NO way I could pick one to leave off since all four were beautiful. I would so appreciate if you would visit their blogs and leave a nice comment. They really did a great job with the sketch.
If it is half term for you and you have children to keep occupied and entertained during the day why not treat yourself to a few crafty goodies for some well deserved " Me Time" once the little ones are tucked up in bed!!
For Immediate Release – Statement
He moved among us, as a muttering king,
RLRF doesn’t prescribe a tapering schedule for cross and strength training, so I trolled the internet until I found some sensible advice.
I attached the 2 cubbies together with two 1x6 boards, then placed the sheet of MDF on top. The boards join the cubbies together, but also act as a support beam for the MDF so that it doesn't sag in the middle. (The MDF is EXTREMELY heavy. The only assistance I needed during this project was getting the MDF on top of the desk. it must weigh 100 pounds..no joke!)
Anyone with me on exercising in the dark?
If you’ve read both of these, head into your local bookstore and ask them for any cookbooks relating to seasonal, organic and wholefood cooking. Otherwise, take some of your favourite recipes and think about ways to swap the bad ingredients for the good ones. For example, I switch butter for olive oil (yep, even on toast) and switch regular cheese for goats cheese, or nothing at all.
Whether it's nature you love or the danicos little italy, showcasing the danicos little italy and its mammoth size will make you wonder of the danicos little italy and these are 800MHz, 900MHz and 1800MHz GSM frequency bands and these are 800MHz, 900MHz and 1800MHz. Then you get an initial talk time credit, you can almost hear the danicos little italy of that 50,000 people, as the danicos little italy of Western civilization, Italy's cities and countryside offer a true embarrassment of riches. You could also head to these cities during the danicos little italy for two primary types of property: commercial or industrial property as well as beaches, it is meant for and therefore, your handset has to pay to the danicos little italy, have been uncovered during the danicos little italy and upkeep of stations. No prizes for guessing that the danicos little italy from new train stations will experience a definite property price surge.
Everything in BO’s campaign is not based on what has happened but what could or would have happened if not for his guidance (snort) It would seem, to those who actually listen to BO’s speeches and his staff exhorting us to re-elect him, he has solved countless problems (most of which do not exist) and prevented countless disasters (which have never really happened). When it comes to the economy, BO insists it would have been much worse without the stimulus, ”Here are some things I know for certain: In the absence of the stimulus, I think our recession would be much worse.” Can anyone know that for sure? Another hypothetical to campaign on. Logic is based on truth not “if”, “then” statements, which are completely proven falsehoods whether it be in advertising or politics. The hypothetical rhetoric from BO is complete falsehood and has no basis in truth.
His thin legs a good whip-lash,
"ENLIGHTENED LEADERSHIP"
Rm350
Burden faces charges of fraudulent use of personal information and running a scheme to modify intellectual property. He was being held Friday in lieu of $5,000 bail.
3) Spread cream cheese spread on dough to within 1 inch of points. In small bowl, mix crumbled bacon, broccoli and bell pepper; spoon onto widest part of dough. Pull end points of triangles over broccoli mixture and tuck under dough to form ring (filling will be visible). Carefully brush dough with beaten egg; sprinkle with sesame seed.
Last week we addressed the layout of the space, trying to make it more functional and more balanced. Remember what we started with? The space had that wonky sink, window, cabinet setup, and there was not adequate storage, and that giant fridge crowded anyone using the sink, and overlapped a window!
1. William weighed 13 pounds and 5 ounces at birth and was 24 inches long. He was my first vaginal delivery after three C-sections. All three local news stations interviewed us, and the story was picked up nationally. I got emails from all over the country. Later one of the clips somehow ended up in an episode of Animal Planet entitled “Extreme Births.”
135 1. Book Reviews: Nikos Kazantzakis, Symposium (New York, 1974; translated by Theodora Vasils and Themi Vasils) and Nikos Kazantzakis, Journeying (Boston, 1974; same translators). Chicago Sun-Times/Showcase, January 26, 1975, p. 6.
But the good news is, the new chairs needed slipcovers. I bought the new table (Provence) and chairs (Anna Slipcover Chair) at World Market a few months ago, but they were out of the slipcovers I liked. Luckily I still had yards and yards of Robins Egg Blue Linen (Waverly). So today I set out to make all six covers in one shot. Otherwise I feared history would repeat itself. And I almost made it. Now I have six chairs that look like this:
They take a serpentine course, their arms flash in the sun—hark to
Go see this movie!
for me to think childish thoughts like these
These little old couple figurines reminded me of my Grandma Alavon.
Mailings. If you really like a particular company, you can frequently sign up online to receive coupon packets through the mail.
While not a "major" competition, Guadaloupe has often been a site for sprinters to go and get a good start to their seasons. Just last year, Lashawn Merritt ran 44.34 there on his way to a #1 ranking in the 400 meters.
Why is it that we only get involved in the issues that directly affect us? I know a lot of pastors who would never speak to the everyday political misdeeds in government, but when a law is passed to allow gay people to get married, or when protestant churches are deposed from public schools, and when a mandate suggest that catholic school have to provide birth control to it’s staff, all of a sudden the restraints are broken and the gates are open for political attacks.
that man is carrying a baby
I’ve always firmly believed that nothing is black or white; there’s always a grey area. I feel that meat is neither good or bad, but rather has aspects of both. One thing is for sure: my philosophical musings of meat have altered my experience in the space of the Meat & Seafood Department of the co-op.
- Taste of Steak & Shrimp
With such a tasty drink in hand, obviously I trusted Michael to recommend dishes too. Boy, he did not disappoint! The shrimp was delicious! Crunchy crust, with a taste of sweet & spicy, and perfectly cooked shrimp inside.
Bracelet: H&M
Perhaps POTUS is the most powerful celebrity, perhaps he is the most powerful elected official, perhaps he is the most powerful public relations icon. But he is not the most powerful man in the world. Nor, as I have heard several times lately, is he the most powerful man in the solar system. I can’t even imagine the foolish minds that come up with this stuff.
But whatever the case, it created an uproar. And then Beckett followed up by pitching lousy and he got booed all to heck and the Red Sox lost again and now it’s a full-blown Boston scandal.
Chloe Rand's life is great.
Then take your other piece of chain and attach the small chain to it using the same method. The small chain can be used if you want to adjust your necklace. You can hook the lobster clasp to the jump ring to close it or to one of the links in the small chain.
De Lange said the wording of the bill should perhaps be revised to focus on the potential impact of a false weather warning.
There may, in other words, never come a moment when the ANC attempts to erect a coercive regime to shore up its faltering hegemony. Either way, that moment is still some way off. For the moment its factions can continue to bat around the notion of the national democratic revolution and can continue to believe in such impossibilities as the NHI or 11 million jobs by 2030. But the time will come when they look back and realise that the battle for hegemony was irrevocably lost long before and with it any chance that their dreams could prevail.
The portal also quoted a report from an English daily online on Tuesday as saying that political sources from the Najib and Anwar camps had confirmed that the two politicians met at the prime minister’s residence.
PLASMA stands for “Pelatihan dan Lomba Penelitian Anak SMA” (Research Training and Competition for High School Students), an annual event hold by Student Research Unit at Atma Jaya Catholic University, a renowned University in Indonesia. This series of activities is devoted for high school students to get to know researches and foster critical thinking.
"One nurse was planning a wedding, and so we talked about her wedding dress and the plans she was making. Another was expecting a baby, and I asked about her doctor's appointments. I genuinely liked to hear about their lives outside the hospital...However, when it was time for their shift to end, I had to adjust to the miserable realization that they actually were going to lead the lives we'd talked about."
Then there's the dialogue; I don't have too much of a problem with what's being said, but I wish they would have chose a language and stuck with it. We go from Spanish to English, back to Spanish back to English, back again to Spanish then, just to make things interesting, we stick with Spanish awhile then... SURPRISE! Back to English. This is a movie where you hope the closed captioning is working for the translation, because you know you'll need it eventually.
Municipality elections are scheduled for most of January, to be followed by Union Council elections in March. There are two parliamentary by-elections in the next few weeks, and possibly more during the year. And the Dhaka City Council election is way overdue.
However, no matter what, before noon on Sunday, the Guncounter will be on the new servers; because the old servers will be powered down.
Personally, if they did not suffer the lose of “one”, chances are pretty good that my husband and step daughter would have been flying off to New Zealand for a quick trip of a lifetime!
Maybe today I’ll start believing
Kentucky beat Louisville (we also won the squares game with the 9 and 1 earning us $90). Then Kansas pulled of a victory against Ohio State…… WOOOOOOOOOOO HOOOOOOOOOOOO! My Jayhawks play Kentucky in the finals tonight, so excited. When I got home I immediately put on my KU basketball clothes and danced about celebrating. Jeff and I even had a celebratory shot of whiskey. I can’t believe they made it to the finals!
Often, the Lord used this phrase as we see in Matthew 13:43. “He that hath ears to hear let him hear.” For some, they could see; but for most of them, they were blinded or deaf. The sad part is that they did not know they were blind or deaf. This will help explain Matthew 9:12,13.
I’ll go and tell my mum!”
Somehow I think I might not dread my domestic duties nearly as much if I could add a little vintage beauty to the household chores.
Nope. We knew early on that we wanted children. I've known for years that I wanted to be a mother. College wasn't fulfilling and work was monotonous. Somebody was missing.
feel your breath
RPGs are all about communication. D. Vincent Baker, in the RPG Apocalypse World, said “roleplaying is a conversation. You and the other players go back and forth, talking about these fictional characters in their fictional circumstances doing whatever it is that they do.” And that conversation leads to the stories we all love so much. It helps everyone get into the mindset of the characters, to experience this fictional world.
Because in that time I really miss you.
“The Skin Horse had lived longer in the nursery than any of the others. He was so old that his brown coat was bald in patches and showed the seams underneath, and most of the hairs in his tail had been pulled out to string bead necklaces. He was wise, for he had seen a long succession of mechanical toys arrive to boast and swagger, and by-and-by break their mainsprings and pass away, and he knew that they were only toys, and would never turn into anything else. For nursery magic is very strange and wonderful, and only those playthings that are old and wise and experienced like the Skin Horse understand all about it.
Toss in the prevalence of PUGs lately and you have a hard aspect of the game being made even HARDER when you try to take people on directly.
Samuil Petrovitch is a survivor.
6. Fold cooled choc mixture into yolk mix.
Now I've celebrated the 4th of July every year since my childhood, with Dad's illegal fireworks show and Mom's famous fruit salad, and yeah we'd sing "God Bless America" and all those traditional things.... but I've never experienced or whitnessed the sheer excitement and passion that the Argentines have for their culture and their country. Politics will always be politics, same with poverty, and injustice, all the divisive issues on our planet. But regardless of the state of their government, their economy, their history, the people are one. There's no Republican or Democrat or man or woman or old or young, NO! The people are all ONE.
Stamps used are:
It’s important to note that these are only allegations of election fraud (“voter suppression” as Prescott described the calls), and Prescott has not been charged or convicted. (If he were Julian Assange, he could face 500 days of detainment without charge, had he been awaiting extradition to Sweden for questioning.) There’s been no recent comment, for months, at Prescott’s blog to confirm or deny this accusation. LaRue has told me that Prescott’s CPC lawyer responded with a weak confirmation.
is most generous of all
I don't know. In a way, yes, as I adored them. But I don't always want to re-read a Breathtaking Book, even if I loved it, and sometimes I don't even recommend them to other people. There's something personal about them, something raw and honest and sometimes frightening. A lot of books in the Breathtaking Book category were hard to read, too...maybe they scared me, or challenged me, or exhausted me. They are experiences I'm glad I had, but I'm not sure if I want to relive them. They definitely spring to mind when people ask for favorites, but at the same time a part of me wonders if I'm being HONEST when I call them favorites. But they certainly deserve a mention all the same. I more than liked them, and I even more than loved them. I was touched by them, changed by them, challenged by them.
Knowing that true love
Yi Gak is outside, angsting as usual when Park Ha returns home drunk and tells him that it was her bad luck that of all the houses in Seoul, he had to come to hers. Aww.
This was in Coleman, the town where Keith and I stopped for hamburgers on the way to Austin on November 19, 2011. Whoever painted that sign probably could not have imagined, nor believed it if we could have told him, that in 2011 someone could take a photo of it with a little pocket-sized digital camera and somehow show it all over the world without ever touching paper or chemicals to develop it. I'm pretty sure whoever painted that sign wouldn't have believed it would still BE there in 2011. :-)
Accessories: Prismacolor pencils - Pale Sage, Old Olive, Crimson Red, Pink Rose, Kelp Green, Le Plume marker English Red, mineral spirits, Fanciful Flourish die (Cheery Lynn Designs), Fleur de Lis Squares, Labels 18 (Spellbinders), pearl cotton thread, sewing needle, adhesive pearls & flowers(Recollections), lace (Really Reasonable Ribbon & Sabrina's RAK), netting (Jo-Ann's), charm/pin/beads (Sabrina's RAK), sponge.
Analyising carefully the individual factors that make up the social situation in Bungwahl I have come up with a key assertion. Bungwahl needs a hero. Bungwahl need a revolutionary figurehead, a charismatic, emblematic, symptomatic and democratic embodiement of the core Bungwahlian values of Equality, Truth, Laziness and Incest (although the last two often fit together quite well).
1. Everything seems smaller each time I return.
So what's the problem?
Stuff almost to the top.
Participant: 36-40 hours per week, I think $8.50 per hour. But I don't think I'm going to go in to work.
I'm then sewing along the row in the same way I've shown you I sew the blocks together.
I'm glad we've been getting a little bit of time together this month. I want more. I love you.
The great thing about the increditape is that it has a nice smooth backing, so when you're done it can be rolled up and saved for use on a future project.
new challenge on Thursday, May 3rd!
By being genuinely curious we can assist participants to explore a variety of issues, in a way that is respectful and encourages movement. What questions do you find helpful?
STEEPED IN DEBT TO THE CHIMNEY POTS by Steve Berman
Again, let them cool on a rack, and once they are cooled , melt some white chocolate in a double boiler (I use a mixing bowl that fits into a pot with the bottom suspended about halfway down the pot). Then use a spoon to generously drizzle the white chocolate over the biscuits. Let it set, melt the chocolate again if necessary, flip the biscuits over, and drizzle the other side.
My dictionary being inconclusive, I checked with a Spanish native speaker. Not only is the 'spinning' wrong, but it seems 'sondear' is catastrophically wrong too. It actually means 'to sound' or to 'take soundings' - in the maritime sense of to measure the depth of the sea using a long rope with a weight at the end. Nothing to do with spades at all.
All of our hair would be perfect, even afterwards hours of battle.
Fresh fruit in the middle of the winter
Link back to the entered recipe on your blog is a must.
Happily though, I discovered I quite like SB worn alone and 3-4 coats does give good coverage. I think with some playing around you could probably manage to find a base coat topped off with SB that looks similar to TA.
I had to go out & buy a new laptop. My other one was well past it's sell buy date!! Kept shutting down on me... I could have just thrown it across the room!
Once again, I’m left with the feeling that I need to repeat a week and start next week as “Week 4″ of Phase 1, primarily because I want to give my body the chance to build the base it needs for Phase 2, and I don’t want to start a new week and new phase with a weakened body. I want to be able to really challenge myself (because let’s face it, Jillian is going to challenge me whether I like it or not).
It was great! We got there early, got great accessible parking, and then we were allowed courtside to watch warmups.
After her first stroke, she lost her left field of vision. This slowed down her reading. She learned to cope, reading with the help of a ruler. She swam every evening and kept fit. She continued to travel with me, and stayed active despite the stroke. She stayed in touch with her family and old friends.
The Mario Benedetti Foundation was established to support human rights and cultural causes in synch with the work of the Uruguayan writer who it was named for, who died in 2009.
2. Cousin Dupree
Furious nature
*I was not compensated by mentioning this movie on my blog at all. This is just a movie that I really enjoyed watching with my husband last night. :)
4. Danville Dame
They want to know how the story ends, so I tell them. I crossed the street, almost immediately, and the man knew why I did, too. He called out to me, "You don't have to be afraid of me. Honest!" Which, as is clear as soon as I say it out loud, is not a comforting thing to say to a woman on a desolate street late at night. "I know," I called back, and walked the block and a half to my apartment, listening for footsteps the whole way, locking the door behind me. I do feel bad for that guy, who was almost certainly just minding his own business, and who probably had no intention of harming anyone, that night or any night. His intentions didn't matter to me, then, though.
Cocktails and laughs were non-stop. We'll never really know if Jimmy, another we met that night, with his new fiance Carmen, is really about to marry CarMAN. All in quiet jest between us 5, we poked fun at the unknown. I hope we're wrong ... Jimmy is a big biker guy, the idea of CarMAN just doesn't fit.
Me: “Er. Okay. Well, anyway, yesterday I thought my appendix was ruptured–”
Another surprise for me was how much I liked Calliope as a villain. She’s good at what she does. I swear I could almost hear the evil theme music whenever she would appear on the scene. Her dialogue was perfect too.
If I were on death row, this very well may be what I choose as my last meal. And since it would be my last meal, I would eat the entire thing. After all, I wouldn't have to worry about slipping into my skinny jeans the next day.
Apologetic brand strategy has no place any more. In an age of transition, where revenues are at risk, publishers surrender control of their brands at their peril. But today, digitisation actually offers publishers a once-in-a-lifetime chance to re-take the initiative from the trade and re-assert their relationship with their readers.
“Good evening, Agent Brooks. I trust your time at the range was satisfactory?” Said a male voice on the other end of the line.
what time it is? Who or what controls your minutes and hours?
We decided to go out for lunch and have a fish sandwich. We went to one of the local churches and had a great sandwich and fries.
Me: What do you think Daddy is doing right now?
Yes, I know that as Solicitor General, Ms Kagan had the responsibility of arguing her superiors' position in the case being appealed. Even so, supporting that position with this kind of argument marks her as either stupid or opposed to American principles. And whatever else she may be, I don't think she is stupid. And I'm not the only one to think so:An attorney who would advise her client to be stupid and trust something not to happen, because it has never happened before is not an advocate, or an advisor; she is either incompetent or working for the other side.Part of what's disturbing about this is Ms Kagan's position that what's in the law doesn't matter  that the government can ignore whatever laws it likes. (What about citizens? Do they have the same right?) But, then, I shouldn't be surprised: The man who nominater Ms Kagan, and his minions, believe they can ignore lots of laws  including the voter intimidation and border security laws.
Each child takes turns pulling on a string. One string is attached to a trap door of sorts that opens and spills the goodies. All the other strings just pull out. Because the structure of the piñata does not break with the pull-string variety, you can just use standard cardboard boxes of different sizes to create a unique piñata base. No messy paper paste and newspaper strips needed! Anything from postal boxes, cereal boxes, oatmeal canisters and more can be used. Easy ideas that come to mind are: castles (a rectangle box to fill with candy and circular oatmeal or formula cans to create turrets), Sponge bob (a big rectangle), etc.
handel's
2. Every day for 30 days find something cool to do, make, wear, put together, try etc and complete it!
Not quite as good as Grudge Harbour, Open Prison is another passionate song that has added, haunting backing vocals that really stand out more than I think they were intended to. Aside from the lyrics and backing vocals, this song is a bit of a washout. Maybe one of those that would be much better live but sat in my living room, I’m struggling to truly appreciate this and especially after Grudge Harbour, it’s a bit of an anti-climax. Nothing technically wrong with it, just not as good as it possibly could be and not one I’ll be playing on repeat any time soon…
Over the days that follow, throughout interview after interview Landau develops "movie" fantasies about how the Service might be planning to make him a spy, like Barley. But he is then delivered to a Whitehall ministry where he walks into a great room full of a row of men, headed by a younger, sharp-suited man named Clive. Sitting with him are others, one of them being Old Palfrey, aka Harry. Clive introduces Landau to the men, then gets to the point:
Which immediately flashed on the screen.
Why they complain about labor costs and then do things like that is beyond me.
Saint Francis and the Christmas Donkey by Robert Byrd--Late one winter day in Italy, St. Francis the patron saint of animals, encounters an unhappy donkey. St. Francis tells him the story of his origins and the story of the "Christmas Donkey"-- The donkey who carried Mary over tough terrain to the city of Bethlehem.
More of my wired flowers…
“I hope to get some discussion going on what happened to these kids,” McCall said.
On the other hand, the credit crunch has made some milongas cheaper - an example of deflation in tango!
Pour collected juice into liquid measure; add enough vinegar to make 3 cups. Combine in saucepan with sugar. Bring to boil, stirring. Add peppers; boil briskly for 8-10 minutes or until set. Stir for 7 minutes to prevent floating peppers.
Publisher: Graphia
Here is this week's TCR palette.
Having a glass or two and doing a bit on nonsense art (mixed media these days!) keeps me amused. I could be out raping the people of Britain by working in an investment bank or making things using child or foreign ‘slave’ labour and hedging my earnings offshore. I’d rather earn a lot less and enjoy Britain.
A chill drummed down my spine, and I wondered how long the frost had been on the windows. How long the goosebumps had covered my arms. My stomach had turned to stone, and a fire burned beneath my skin.
Lyndsee watches as her mother dumps in a bag of chocolate chips. The little black babies plunge in cheering with joy. Lyndsee licks her face with the extra elasticity of her tongue. Her mother sets the mixer on high; A tempting carousal of chocolate temptation.
Felt: Papertrey Ink
Samuel Smith's Winter Welcome (England), a classic unspiced winter warmer with mellow roasted malt. Pair with roasted turkey.
Me: Why does that matter?
Two earlier posts on the
Europe is in shambles. Nations are going bankrupt. There are riots in the streets. So you would guess that the folks at the European Commission are focused on some big issues.
I also decorated the spine of the folder using a SOG cupcake which I resized and repeated to make a little border. I thought this might help to make my folder stand out when it is stored on a shelf.
"We won't Mom! Come on! It's fun! Try the drums."
“Up to so far,” he said, “we have collected documents, identified some of the witnesses and agreed with the Hawks on the approach. We will be getting three investigators to help expedite the case.”
Mexican Sour Gherkin - These guys look like tiny watermelons and have a lemony flavor. I thought they might make interesting pickles. Also they have a 70 day growing season, which is just the right amount of time to fruit in our short summers.
Where the mind is led forward by thee into ever-widening thought and action
Although the sceptics may be correct in their assumptions, I cannot help but wonder why so much effort was put into the design of these ancient ornaments: The head and legs are layered in gold leaf, the ears are copper, the horns and the fleece on its shoulders are of lapis lazuli, and the body's fleece is made of shell, the figure's genitals are gold, while its belly was silver plate, and the tree is also covered in gold leaf with gold flowers…. More info and pics here. See also: Goat and Ram Heads are Sacred in Witchcraft and Satanism
i am entering tonights card into the following challenges:
Joe Jackson has closed down his perfume kiosk at a Las Vegas mall.
Tangled Up In Blue
Little Knox was kitted out in an all-black outfit and matching leather jacket, while Vivienne wore a cream coat and floaty white skirt, teamed w.
Okay, you have to forgive the examples. Coming up with them on the fly is harder than it seems. LOL But do you see what I mean? I know that looking through my first chapter again after I changed something as small as the characters' dialogue tags helped with story flow. I didn't realize just how much of a distraction they were. I'm not saying not to use a variety. But like so many before me have said, use those variations sparingly.
There are 365 steps to the top of the Martello Tower, which is why Mulligan complains about his tea being cold when Dedalus brings it up to him. There are several witty puns about Dedalus taking years over breakfast that will escape readers unless they know this fact. Several other puns relating to cramps, caresses, and Crete cannot be fully appreciated without a full knowledge of the story of Daedalus and Icarus, who jumped off a high tower to escape King Minos. Interestingly, Paul McCartney got the name of his band Wings from this chapter of the book. The Beatles acquired their name from the Ladybird Book of Beetles.
Leviticus 11 has become such an important chapter in my defense of the applicability of the Bible. So often has this chapter been a shield from the assaults on the obligation of eating kosher. Within this wonderful chapter it is easy to see the meticulous nature of the commands regarding food. G-d wants us to eat some things and He does not allow us to eat other things. His commands reflect His Will and His Will is perfect. Therefore use Leviticus 11 as a rulebook for what to eat and direct skeptics to this convicting chapter.
the giving and the receiving is a need and an ecstasy."
If you’ve been keeping an eye on Mochi Bytes, you know that I’ve been sharing a lot about WonderCon. We will be back to our regularly scheduled programming with other news, reviews, and events right after this. Believe me, I have a list of nerdy anime/video-game entries I’ve been dying to post. But before we bid a farewell to this year’s sister convention to SDCC, let us take a look back at the greatest cosplays, the best of show, if you will. After all, why should judges at the Saturday Masquerade be the only ones who get to decide which costumes rule supreme? We all have agency, nowadays. That’s what blogs are for.
Friends and Family,
press all the way down the dough until you reach about 1/4 inch again. the dough will probably crack, again, don't worry about it. the final shape should sort of look like a little canoe. just make sure they are compact.
The third and fourth beatings were by military and police. They hated me for entering the southern border region to share about Jesus. They beat me very bad. He didn’t describe his beating much, but then that trademark giant smile came out. “Five churches”, Abera said with some pride.
After the little ones left today I drug myself to the couch for a much needed rest then it was on to cutting out a few projects I would like to get in the mail Saturday. Hope I can get a start on some things tomorrow since I will only have Mason, once the garden gets going I will be up to my eyeballs in weeds, canning and dehydrating gotta sew while I still have the extra time.
Some people have no reaction at all to bedbug bites, while others experience an allergic reaction that can include severe itching, blisters or hives.
As the Abacus deals plunged in value, Goldman and certain hedge funds made money on their negative bets, while the Goldman clients who bought the $10.9 billion in investments lost billions of dollars.
So...this was the result. A wonderfully organized workspace!
The game of chance and strategy
Chapter ends with a shot of these two from behind. They seem to be twin giants, from the size of the footprints, and they’ve got guns strapped to their backs.
From the learning rooms...we are taking a Thanksgiving break along with the rest of the children in our neighborhood. We are also using this week to catch up on our history that we missed last week. Only two chapters.
a grating of fresh nutmeg
-The boy reluctantly making the move after he gets an engraved invitation from his date? Based on his facial expression, I think he was much more interested in going home and catching that "Father Knows Best" marathon. (0:41-0:45)
have used Judikins, Stampers Anonymous and other stamps on the background. I stamped with
My immediate interest is not to comment on the article itself, but to focus on the letter from Mr. Bloch, who wrote as follows:
Things are broken, people are hurt and situations need healing…
I'm taking my first 'criminal justice' classes this semester. It's totally different from my social work and psychology stuff I've been taking, and I'm really excited about it. In my "Intro to Criminology" class, he has assigned us the "Key Terms" at the end of each chapter. There are between 10-50 words in every chapter, and 19 chapters. They aren't due until the end of the semester - in May. I have all the terms typed, and the definitions for chapter one, and part of chapter two finished already. YES - this doesn't seem like 'homework', it is FUN. I know, I know, I'm a freak. BUT - Just think about it - when you find a topic you really like to learn about, and you get to learn MORE about it - why stop?? I have two friends who are taking the same class, with a different professor - who has NOT assigned the key terms - and they are going to type up the terms just for their own personal use. SO, see!!! I'm not crazy. At least I'm going to get a grade for it! ;)
"What are you reading about?"
1/4 tsp cinnamon
Kalimullah, EA. Schmidt, SM. Schmidt, MJ. Lu, JJ. 2008. Beware the Pygmy Slow Loris? Clinical Toxicology 46(7): 602. http://www.eapcct.org/publicfile.php?folder=congress&file=Abstracts_Toronto.pdf.
clearly, this was going to take some thought.
* Finally a day with sunshine and temperatures above 60.
The BoogeyMann contains my signature wit and some very good writing (if I may say so myself). So if you have three dollars left over from that twenty you broke at your favorite fastfood drive-thru, then go to amazon.com or smashwords.com and buy an eBook version of my novel. If you don’t have a kindle, nook, or ipad (I don’t have either), then you should get the novel when it comes out in paperback. The book’s cover was also illustrated by me which doubles the value of your purchase, especially if I strike it big.
Sugar is hiding in most of your foods including baby food, tomato sauce, canned vegetables and peanut butter. Get into a habit of reading labels.
Because you want to know, right?
:: I quite possibly have the world's most annoying cat. Well cats. But Max (pictured below) is always starved for attention. I can't 100% blame him. Before Ryann was born Chris the cats and I would snuggle in the bed in the morning on the weekends. They were our babies. And then I had a real baby. And honestly that was all I could handle. So Max is always trying to get us to pet him, rubbing his wet little nose on my hands, which totally grosses me out. He paces the hallway late at night and early in the morning because he wants attention. It is insane. He always jumps straight into peoples laps that come over. Pretty sure he thinks he is a dog or something. He whines to us when he can see the bottom of the food bowl (not when it is empty, when he can see the bottom). He whines cause his sister sucks at getting everything, well, in the litter box. He pretty much just whines all the time. But when you need a good snuggle? He is definitely your go to cat. Poor guy, we definitely have a love hate relationship now.
One of the problems with rewriting is that every person/reader who comes along has a different opinion. So the writer addresses each new person and "fixes" the issue. After some time you've written by committee and you have a bastardized, ill-conceived version of your vision. I don't owe readers rewrites. I owe readers what I consider a good story, maybe not a great one, but a good one to pass the time and they paid a bargain basement price. Anything you can purchase from an indie is a bargain compared to trad pub. So if they don't think an indie book is worth it, they are free to stick to the trad pub books--and there are a great many of them--and pay $12.99.
It touched my cheek, then went on free.
miniCASTER® c/o TV1
Yet, I found myself in the midst of the day, dealing with my daughter & her emotions. Her tantrums that have been on the rise. Her anger. I found myself weeping. Unable to stop. Unable to let the disappointment go. Not necessarily because of the day, but perhaps that why it was harder. I was working so hard to keep myself under control & not give in to those unmet expectations.
4. Inability to judge between Watchable YouTube Videos and Total Crap YouTube Videos since you worked your way through every sanctioned clip, trailer, and interview relating to the movie and moved on to fan-reenacted videos clearly shot with an iPhone in some bored teenager’s backyard.
Publisher: Walker Childrens; 1 edition (April 24, 2012)
And on that cheek, and o'er that brow,
1. A ballpark reflection of my life: I cook, I watch TV, I wear clothes…..
Ok, that's it for me today. Hope you have a good one. Thanks for stopping by.
They tried to keep our hope alive,
We all agreed to never speak of this incident again. It has long been buried in our subconscious, and I just brought it to the surface all these years later. I bet if I ask her if she’s read my latest blog entry, she will fall silent.
Ink: Luck Limeade, Melon Mambo
Of course, you can’t have a fabulous wedding without a jaw dropping wedding cake.
Having been told that it’s okay to laugh, I will now crackle maniacally.
I was one of those that never
And I won’t forget the ones who died
Recipe from Aunt Ruth Carlson (Grandma Maggie Block's sister)
I am hoping to take Eden and Luka out for the day, maybe a walk along the koala track, a play at the park, and an icecream eaten while looking at Wivenhoe Dam. If the weather co-operates. It was just becoming gorgeous Queensland spring, but over the last few days, it has turned cold and windy again. And of course, I spent last weekend packing the winter stuff away!
Interesting. I'm going to dig up the papers this is based on through my school's library as soon as I have time!
It’s not that I’m going to forget what happened. I can’t. But it’s the same as my other relationships. I’ve been hurt by others in the past as well. It happens. I don’t forget those feelings either. I’ve managed to maintain friendships and move forward in other relationships after deep betrayal. It’s a part of life. But I don’t forget how they treated me. I learn from it and move on. In some cases, it means that I don’t depend on people who have let me down. I have a feeling this is going to be a similar thing.
President Lee emphasized that,
Abdul Razak and two of Najib’s bodyguards were charged with the murder of Mongolian Altantuya Shaariibuu with C4 explosives in a jungle clearing in Shah Alam in 2006.
between the sleep of life
I love honour and respect god.
1 completion
Ponzi schemes are proliferating in our society to such an extent these days that individual names have been assigned to each category of fraud based on the nature of each type of swindle. One of the more shockingly evil types has been tabbed “Affinity”. Affinity fraud entails an investment scam that preys upon members of a specific group. Examples of these groups may be religious congregations, ethnic communities, the elderly, or even professional societies. The swindlers frequently pretend to be a member of the group and persuade a group leader to endorse their pitches and spread the word to his faithful constituents.
You’ve heard the theories already, though. What’s been missing in all of these stories is the idea that single women – black, white or otherwise — do not have to be fixed. Tracy McMillan has a book and a TV show coming out that symbolizes this kind of crap, that blames women for being successful and free, as if it’s something to be ashamed of, like the S in single has become the new Scarlet letter. The thing that’s missing in all of these stories and coverage is the emphasis on the H-word: Happy. There are legions of single women in the world who are happy. It is not our fault, nor should it be our burden, that men are mad at us now because they’re in the throes of a masculinity crisis.
card base, cut 5 5/8" x 8 1/2", fold in half. Cut pink DP 4 1/8 x 5 1/2", wrap lace around center and adhere to card base. Cut floral DP 3 x 4 3/4", measure down 2" from top right edge, insert 2" mark in center of MS punch and punch once. Position Posy Topper around the punch out and die cut. Lay aside the smaller piece. Cut CS 3 1/4 x 5", lay the larger DP with the die cutout over the CS and mark the circle cutout onto the CS. Cut out by hand. Distress all edges. Layer the 2 pieces together with ATG. Wrap ribbon around and tie bow. Cut 3 flowers with Posy Patch die, attach flower layers, add stickles and a pearl. Add flower, leaves and stick pin to center of bow. Stamp sentiment from Posy Patch stamp set onto DP, die cut with Labels 2. Trace around outside of die twice on DP, cut out by hand. Add stickles. Attach all 3 layers with pop dots. Attach to floral DP layer with scor-tape. Adhere the assembled layers to the card base with ATG. Stamp 6 flowers from Flirty Fleur, 3 from floral DP and 3 from pink DP with VersaMark. Emboss in gold. Layer to make 3 flowers and add pearl center. Add flowers to half circle die cut with
I understand their complaint. These are the ones trying to enter Canada in the most respectable manner, patiently waiting for the opportunity to do so only to see their application returned and told to reapply. This, while watching less needed people enter Canada quickly and on taxpayer largesse as either "refugees", sponsored family members, nannies, or temporary and seasonal workers.
Birmingham, Tuesday. Dear G, Are you any better? If not, why not! Much love, Raymond. The postscript says: I have made a friend of a pussy here, who has been wanting to walk on the table while I am writing"
o Look at your own skill set to see how you can start marketing yourself if need be
And on Kids In the City, Melissa Chapman shared the info with her readers too! Thanks to you gals for telling your readers about the blood drive! I truly appreciate your efforts to help spread the word!
One of the questions was have you tried an egg cream. I've been meaning to try one for a couple of years and I finally have. I was asked a couple of times around the holiday when I mentioned my blog. Not being able to say I have is kind of embarrassing, having been here over 4 years.
I truly hope it doesn’t turn into another Facebook!
We must be a people following God’s heart for justice.
That miscarriage was one of the most difficult things I've ever been through. As I read that entry while sitting on the couch this morning, I looked at my 3 beautiful babies who are so uniquely wonderful and thought, "Wow, what a plan He had. Thank you Lord for your blessings."
All the information needed to design and build one or more of the standard models is easy to come by nowadays – literally dozens of books from the time cover the basic concepts, and it’s far from hard to find detailed plans for building your own. It’s also not too difficult for those who lack the basic technical skills to find small wind turbines of quite respectable quality for sale, though the price is going to be a good deal more than you’d shell out for an old truck alternator, a chunk of fir six feet by eight inches by four inches, and the rest of the hardware we used to cobble together our turbine. Either way, if you live in an area with average winds and your home isn’t surrounded by tall trees, steep hills, or skyscrapers, your odds of being able to run a respectable 12 volt system are pretty good.
0:25: Does anyone see the point of spelling “bananas”? Is he referencing a Gwen Stefani song from six years ago in an infomercial? This video just went into deep waters really quick.
It's been a while since I've done a color challenge. Honestly, of all of the challenges out there, I participate in color challenges the least. They are by far the hardest for me, but that's what a challenge is, right?! Going outside your comfort zone & trying something new...so, today I am playing along with the SCS CAS challenge: White with Shades of Blue. I know, not a huge challenge, but I'm making baby steps people :)
currently 4 issues free
“I hate A-students… I was never an A-student I gotta tell ya. I am a B-guy. What can I tell ya?”
Others are less convinced.
Anywho, more to come soon. Don’t worry, I am okay in case you’re left baffled by the uninspiring mess you just read. Just placing thought in the open. Sometimes it’s easier to find an answer if you’re not trying to sort out what else is going on.
From my fair love's lane.
A dear young woman../friend.. sent me this story ..this week in the mail..with some other wonderful stories and poems.. some dried leaves and flowers..some special artwork and a handwritten note..~An envelope full of grace..
The main edition of the Faithgirlz! Bible is hardcover, but it is also available in two Italian Duo-Tone designs. For better portability, there is also an NIV Faithgirlz! Backpack Bible. This compact edition does not include the in-text features that the full-size edition has, but it does have twelve full-color pages of Faithgirlz! fun, the words of Christ in red and a ribbon marker. An ebook version is also planned for electronic use.
Back in the Biscoff heyday of a few months ago, I purchased a jar with the intent of baking up a Biscoff storm (this a was a big deal since it was one of those specialty ingredients I just mentioned). Little by little, the spread diminished until I was left with a scant quarter cup (no surprises there - it's delicious!) . I was determined to finally bake with it, and these bars were the result.
Here is the stencil I made (it's on two pieces of posterboard - that shows you how large it is!)
Be sure to visit each design team member's blog, as they will have links to all these fabulous Alpha Stamps supplies. Remember you too can stock up on these items while the Alice section of Alpha Stamps is on sale!
It is set to be something of a landmark event in the beer calendar of what is arguably Australia’s good beer capital city but it didn’t just happen. Well, that’s not entirely accurate – it did kinda just happen at first but it has since grown legs of its own and is up and running like a fat man at a buffet. But with more class.
I didn’t take this picture..nor did I place the words on them. This was a post on postsecret. I decided to post this up because I can relate to it just like other posts that have been posted .
Unfortunately, I’ve lost the link. A slip perhaps to my benefit.
light a candle and eat your masterpiece!!!
So here is my question for you: what counts as writing, and what makes a person a writer?
soldiers in Darfur cannot have any
On April 19, more than 100 UT Arlington students and faculty were honored in the College of Liberal Arts’ inaugural awards ceremony, acCOLAdes.
My friends Ruett and Rhonda also chose love. They did so in the face of wrenching tragedy. One night when their sons were small, Rhonda and the boys were at a local park where seven-year- old Evan played in sports leagues. Rhonda was about to drive oﬀ with Evan and ten-month-old Alec when gunﬁre erupted around their car. They were caught in the middle of gang violence. Both boys were hit. Alec suﬀered loss of vision from metal fragments that penetrated his eye. Evan was fatally shot. Rhonda got in the back with Evan until the paramedics beckoned her to come with them. There are no words I could ever write that would adequately describe the excruciating pain Evan’s parents suﬀered…and still suﬀer. It is searing to lose a child under any circumstances. This was a sudden, traumatic, utterly senseless loss. Nevertheless, in the midst of their pain Rhonda and Ruett made an amazing choice.
so I slowed down. and I looked back.
1/4 cup finely chopped capsicum
It was a landslide result, whites overwhelmingly voted YES....
Green chillies - 3, slit
Oh well. I plod on, still determined to make my weekend mailing deadline! The hopelessness has left me!
OAKLEY UNITED 10 (Baylie 9 59 Shaw 15 76 Woodfine 33 41 49 84 C Davies 83 Pooke 86)
Malts: "four"
So I took a photograph and we went on our merry way. We got a little sprinkled on, but no major rain.
In the 7 hours between the announcement of Amy’s death and the tallying of Sunday’s official chart, sales of her albums multiplied by 37 and her singles by 23. ‘Back to Black’, Amy’s critically lauded, Grammy-award winning, and commercially successful album surged to number 59 by the week’s end. Songs ‘Back to Black’ and ‘Rehab’ also climbed back into the top 200. The fact that some people seem to have responded to the news by purchasing her albums suggests that we live in an era where a public’s knee-jerk reaction to events such as these is to consume what they can involving the artist, as if buying the album is like buying there very own piece of the event, of history even. The chart reaction suggests that by week’s end, we could see a chart dominated by Winehouse’s material. Such an activity reminds us of Michael Jackson’s death in 2009, when the weeks following saw global music charts dominated by Jackson’s singles and albums. It is undeniable that unexpected deaths of music stars ignites interest in their material but what is interesting is that it seems to spur a different region of the market place into buying their music, and that is those who didn’t purchase their music when they were alive, and in fact, seem to only do so due to the untimely nature of their death.
"All top secret and classified
I mentioned earlier that a disappointment happened recently in my life. Something I was “sure” was God’s will… but it wasn’t. I’m making progress because I didn’t give God the silent treatment. Instead, I tried something new – I didn’t let my emotions get the best of me. I fell on my face and prayed. Hard. Really hard. I asked for peace and for understanding and for faith.
Bayonne police have issued arrest an warrant for a seventh suspect, Derrick Hilton, 18, of Humphrey Avenue in Bayonne, in connection to the beating of Dawid Strucinski, the 22-year-old Bayonne man who remains in a coma at the Jersey City Medical Center.
I lean down and tap Dave on the shoulder.
What would make one tell one’s husband: “I love you and all, but if Bobby or Heinz would ever want to “push their shoes under my bed, I will let them . . . “
So what is home? They say (forgive the cliché) that it is where the heart is. That is very true, but misleading, just like the literal translation about residence. Home is knowing that you are wanted and loved, whether the people who feel that way are near or far. Home is the sense that, wherever you live, you have belonging somewhere. I am very luck to have Home, in many places. We should never rest until everyone can feel this way.
I wish we could have spent the whole day there; it would have been a great way to relax after a week of running through theme parks. But we needed to make it to Charlotte, NC that night, and we had a lot of driving ahead of us. So we piled back in the van and headed to A1A BEACHFRONT AVENUE!
The Flowerpot Man's Love Song
75th Street Brewery - Regions Brewmaster Dinner: An exquisite five course meal prepared by 75th Street chef John Ferguson and KC Hopps' Executive Chef Ryan Sneed. Pairings of house beers and unique American craft beers by 75th Street Brewmaster Micah Weichert. We’ve crossed every state line in the country to put this one together. 40 advance tickets will be available. $50 per ticket, $45 for Mug Club Members.
But will he give it to me?
It is really not right to say that these books are un-finished. It is just that I have paused reading these ones and moved on to reading something else for the time being and one day I will surely return to these half-read books and recover my bookmarks from them. Till that time, I will have to keep on buying more bookmarks and keep on reading new books. One thing that surely happens is that if an un-finished book belongs to particular author then mostly I do not start reading another book by same author.
I knew that day I couldn't do,
For the hot chile part, I like soup the best. I made the most fantastic soup last night - and I know I say that every time I make soup, but seriously - this was Soup Nazi quality soup. I promised I would blog the recipe, so here it is:
"Integrate? – Why, we don’t even speak the same language – except when it becomes absolutely necessary … in discussion with our neighbours, perhaps!” He knocked his pipe out violently against the fireplace. “What you have just said is perfectly true – it does happen – but is that a good reason why we should allow it to happen to us? … No, my dear friend, that is the same reasoning as to say: ‘We all have to die one day – why not just take poison now and be done with it!’”
full body rash
Cock Robin When your heart is weak US
For all the lies you told us
The Show is awash with conflicting frames and expectations. Classifying the show as 'Irish' is somewhat problematic: The seven-minute musical piece "Riverdance," composed by Bill Whelan, features elements of Irish and Bulgarian musics, among others - this allows Irish audiences to experience the sounds as a tantalising mix of both familiar and "exotic" forms. The music and dance formats of the show are held together by a tendentious and shallow metaphor which frames the show as an apparent international meeting of the waters: the two main "Irish" dancers of the show, Michael Flatley and Jean Butler, are both from Irish "diaspora" communities in the United States; an Irish a capella choral group, a gospel choir from the United States, a Russian ballet troupe, and a tap team from Harlem intersperse the dances in a somewhat piecemeal production.''
7. Do you have family?
At one time, the borough used a wastebasket and the slogan "Don't Dump on the Bronx" for their anti-littering campaign. In 2001, the Bronx replaced the image with one of a Day Lily and the slogan "The Beautiful Bronx," inspired by Ultan's book title, as part of a beautification program and effort to improve the Bronx's image.
we came across Pensacola Light,
So far, here is what I have learned about design to use what a virtual world has to offer that is different from any other medium:
Honestly, I would never have thought of adding granny smith apples to a bacon sandwich, but it was soooo good.
To Whom Belongs The Tiny Pair Of Shoes?
1. It was empty. Lots of land, lots of business and farming opportunities, and lots of immigrants escaping government bigotry to help realise them.
Everyone showed up to Daegu intact, making the World Championships the primary race on the season that it should be – all the main contenders showing up going head to head for gold. While the conditions (negative winds) kept the women from achieving seasons bests, we were treated to a championship caliber competition with the summer’s top performers coming through in the end – Jeter (gold), Campbell Brown (silver), and Baptiste (bronze).
1 reinforce
“I’m just saying,” Niko began, his voice almost a whisper now, “That little man can’t protect you.”
But parents in the middle class can have one parent working and one parent home with their kids.
you're fascinated with kaki (poop)
Depending on the brand values and this cultural symbols exercise we arrive at the brand colours of the education business.
That wedding will be thirty years gone this July--so long ago that it qualifies as ancient history really. I guess I can write about how I was more closely involved than most now. And this week, when my old friend's son is getting married to the woman he loves with (not quite) all the fanfare and pomp that went with his parents' seems like the appropriate time to do so for the very first time. So you are getting a Royal Wedding Exclusive really--see, I never disappoint my loyal readers!
I was very interested to find out this week, the man who inspired Charles Dicken's, Ebeneezer Scrooge, is set to be honoured in Edinburgh for his place in literary history.
After some searching I found a chair with a similar vibe for only $250 per pair.
For a 9 hole course, this is pretty challenging. Here's a few shots.
Hence, my dilemma every morning.
2) Leave it to special elite forces (aka, Procyon ground troops and members of the Brethren of the White Robe, etc) that are trained to hunt down and fight them (Casbolt, McCollum, etc).
Then I won't worry about finding things, the new things will be waiting.
Each book, approximately 7-8 months.
Day 1 is today- fresh, relaxed and inspired. Having had time unplugged made some things less important, especially details which have been so attention grabbing that the focus on the big thing called solution was almost lost. Leading also means, letting things go. And so I focus on results and solutions again + reduce task time.
Another preacher begins, his voice volume greater than that generated by the small amplifier used previously. Simultaneously, a young man is reading loudly from a text, directed at the preacher. I cannot recognize the language - I assume it is a religious text, perhaps in Hebrew and ask him about it. He is an English literature student and is reading the Canterbury Tales in the original Middle English at full volume. It's a war of words...
Should you respond to rejection letters, and, if so, what is the appropriate response?
our last stop was Dino-land. aka: mega jungle gym for kiddos. we spent awhile running through caves, up cargo nets, bridges, and down slides. This was the FIRST time Jax went down a BIG slide on his own...he did amazing. I (thankfully) captured a shot of his sheer joy as he went down on his own. it makes us smile every time we glance at it. hopefully it'll do the same for you.
Written by father and daughter team Michael and Katy O'Dowd, the book follows James Quinn, a young Irish surgeon battling prejudice, suspicion and personal demons in his controversial quest to change the face of medicine.
when needed you will see them, for that is
2 cups (10 oz) all-purpose flour
Today the gardens at Smith Towers are marvels of self sufficiency and resilience in the face of wonton neglect and sporadic attention. I've discovered the miracle of hostas & day lilies, become eternally grateful for self-set peonies, wild daisies and raspberries that won't take no for an answer.
★★★ #1 TYPOGRAPHIC ART APP ON THE ANDROID MARKET ★★★
Most common issues: Love, Debt, Money, Fame, Divorce, failure in study, Bankruptcy, break-up, pressures … for younger kids, even their parent not allow them to go out with friends or play video games and others.
New arrivals continue to cite insecurity inside Somalia as their reason for flight. In a new development, some refugees say they fled in fear of possible forced recruitment or military conscription. Others cite fear of potential revenge killings in the wake of renewed fighting. These circumstances, combined with last year’s famine in Somalia, eroded many people’s traditional coping mechanisms and forced them to seek asylum across the border.
Thank you so much for all of your orders from my little shop. Once I get the current orders packaged and mailed off, I'll be taking inventory and re-stocking a few more items such as the sacks, tags and grid labels by late Monday or Tuesday. I'll also be stocking lots more fun tags soon.
in their togetherness
It’s certainly correct that Israel faces major challenges, and a combined assault by Iran, Hamas and Hezbollah would not be a negligible threat. Complacency is not a strategy and anything can happen in war. But Israel has faced far greater threats before and won handily.
Sorry for the late blog post all. My husband's deep in end-of-semester crunch and he has been stealing my laptop away to help him study.
If I meet someone who does the same thing that I do, telling people they’re amazing, I’ll be sure to tell them the same thing.
A current, tailored life insurance policy can offer major benefits to people at all stages of life. Significant product innovations have made life insurance more versatile than ever. Insurance agents, with their up-to-the-minute knowledge, are their clients’ most important resource and advocate.
Just Jenn who said:
It measures - folded flat 32cm across, 66cm around, 16.5cm high
Roman Holiday -- Audrey at her shining best -- 4 hearts
Mom prepared this as a snack for me a few days ago. It is usually paired with a tangy gravy or pulikuzhambu.Here mom paired it with sundakkai vatral pulikuzhambu.It is a yum combo. This upma koxhkattai can also be had with a simple coconut chutney.Sharing her recipe here.
took
Earlier, I had made a box mix carrot/spice cake, which came out moist and flavorful. Cream cheese frosting sprinkled with cinnamon made it a nice dessert!
“I was trying to write a detective story.”
The bright boroughs, the circle-citadels there!
We’d decided to create another training opportunity from such a high profile visit, so our trainees prepared and cooked the most delicious wholesome meal, served it and engaged confidently with our visitors. We were bowled over by the success of the day and we couldn’t be more proud of the trainees….They were phenomenal! The leader commented that both himself and the Chief Executive regularly ate in many venues around the North East and the food the trainees had created was equal if not better than anything they’d experienced anywhere else…….so now we’re even more proud!
Simon answered, “I suppose the one who had the bigger debt canceled.”
But they had another badge of pride -- America's first female wireless operator. Young Anna A. Nevins, 22 years old, worked eight hours a day at the Waldorf-Astoria station, considered by her colleagues "an expert in wireless instruments" By virtue of her sex, this was a news item in papers across the country in 1909.
What can you expect?
By way of an attempt to assess the flavours at play here, I must at least mention Cuban cigars, almonds, Javan coffee beans, liquorice, some astounding top note themes involving all kinds of citrus and floral notes, and marshmallow - with this latter hint adding a certain welcome playfulness to what is otherwise a purely elegant and sophisticated affair.
He lives to grant me rich supply.
Separate the world from me
Ginger Cake :150g self-raising flour,1½ tsp ground ginger, ½ tsp cinnamon, ½ tsp bicarbonate soda, pinch of salt, 125g golden syrup, 60g finely chopped stem ginger, 1 tbsp ginger syrup from stem ginger jar, 2 heaped tbsp sultanas, 75g dark muscavado suger, 2 eggs, 150 ml milk, 75 ml butter at room temp/softened in microwave
Resolutions do not always have to do with ourselves. They can be changes to give more to your community, give more to your entourage, or simply stop being such a pessimistic sour-puss in the judgerson's cases.
1 Tbl. Olive oil or canola oil
12) Don’t do this continually on the same one, or the same spot, or somebody will get suspicious.
I went outside to be a friend, and friends were everywhere!
The other day, I was watching the (surprisingly funny) show New Girl, and the gorgeous character Julia was wearing black nail polish. Instead of looking goth, her black polish looked grown-up and sexy. Since then, black nail polish has been popping up everywhere: pretty girls around town, celebrities at events, even the finalists on The Bachelor. :) What do you think? Would you wear it?
“Inside these aged, stooped, relatively inactive people were scandalous, active, wild, un known people, sexual people, but you couldn’t see anything of it anymore,” he said. “Inside these people were these other people, and I think that’s where it really started for me, with this idea that there’s all this invisible history that is being pushed to the side.”
(This is from the finished piece on the previous post. I'd planned to post it then but chose to whine a bit instead. )
~ San’aa Sultan
Prayers for Your Wife (if you’re not married, you can pray this right now for your future wife)
We are used to terms like ChickLit and ChickFlick, and they usually seem to be more about who wouldn't like the work described rather than who would. Men are supposed to like thick bricks of books, with tinfoil on the covers, written by ex-SAS men or Navy SEALs, while for women something that hints of shopping (especially with shoes involved) is supposed to press the right buttons.
But if there is anything worse than their body language, it surely must be their awful bawdy language?
I used a dry yeast for the first time, the US-05 recommended by Ben. My O.G. was 1.07. According to my BrewPal app, I am expecting an ABV of about 7.2%, and an IBU of 92. We'll see. Does this rank as a Double IPA?
“The rivalry comes down to the unique and competitive history. The two most successful clubs over the journey”, he highlights with a cheeky laugh that the Swans are still leading the race for the most premierships. The competitiveness doesn’t stop at the on field success, “The clubs are very competitive off the field as well, by striving to be professional family clubs,” said Foott who counts himself lucky for being able to grow up with an understanding of the unique relationship between the two clubs. “I think of myself as being very fortunate to have grown up when the rivalry was at its hottest through the 80′s and 90′s, playing off in so many grand finals and hearing of many stories.”
Beautifully updated in the heart of the Energy Corridor – walking distance to Terry Hershey Park. Open floor plan with island kitchen and double ovens opens to living/dining areas with soaring ceilings. Double paned French doors and tons of windows bring in plenty of light, hard wood floors throughout all living areas including the upstairs game room that features an outdoor deck overlooking the beautiful mature backyard. Master retreat with its own private courtyard. Never lose power as home has its own generator!
I am quite content this time of year as a bunch of over run, over exposed sequels are played over and over again on TV. As I never sit down to watch a whole movie on TV, much of a movie does retain a freshness - like stale popcorn - still tasty but lacking that fresh popped flavor....
Perhaps it was Professor Roy Hinkley, who blames Schwartz for depriving him of sufficient quantities of the magical guano for his scientific tests?
On Tuesday night Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin (Bibi) Netanyahu reached a deal with the leader of the opposition, Shaul Mofaz. By joining Netanyahu's massive coalition, Mofaz's Kadima Party left behind an opposition of only 26 seats against the massive coalition of 94. In response, a spontaneous protest was organized in Tel Aviv. The police responded by violently arresting several activists they identified as leaders in the community.
Director John "Bud" Cardos and his producers, Henry Fownes, Igo Kantor, Jeffrey M. Sneller made a very important observation, people aren't really afraid a 30-foot tall spider, they are scared of 'real' spiders. If a person is 'freaked-out' by one spider, then they should be crawling out of there skin if they were confronted with a literal army of them.
Something unexpected seems to happen when we pray, God moves. You're thinking: Isn't that what you were asking him to do? YES... and no. YES, we're asking him to move, but NO I don't like how uncomfortable he makes ME stick my hands in their filth.
To illustrate, on South Uist Thomson meets two young children, Angus and his sister, Mairi, whom I mentioned above from his last visit. They take him home (everyone in the book makes a point of offering hospitality to “strangers”) where he meets their father, Ronald Iain Finley. During the subsequent conversation Ronald asks his son, “What is the strongest type of rope, boy?” When Angus suggests hemp or cotton his father replies:
In January, Ennahda organised the visit of Gaza-based Hamas leader Ismail Haniyeh. When he arrived at Tunis-Carthage airport, a group of salafists within the crowd shouted: "Kill the Jews! It's our religious duty!" as an official party waited to greet him. A statement issued later said: "Ennahda condemns these slogans, which contradict the spirit of Islam, and considers that they were uttered by a fringe group aiming to undermine Ennahda's activities and tarnish its image."
blue milk: A big part of the modern birth experience for women is fear, it is the way we portray birth in film and on TV, it is the way we pitch public health messages to women about pregnancy, and it was certainly a big part of my experience of birth (both times) in spite of efforts on my part to overcome that by going to a birth centre instead of a mainstream hospital. Your philosophy, in many ways, is trying to redress that isn’t it? To overcome ‘fear’ as the dominant message for women about birth?
Yes, life is less than perfect. There is some truth to the saying “What doesn’t kill us makes us stronger”. The truth is in You. You give me the strength to continue on, day by day. You refine me in the fire to one day bring me to perfection. The trials that I go through are not by accident. You allow them to bring me closer to You. When I’ve tried every way but Your way, You hold Your arms out to me. You embrace me and remind me that I am Your own.
Understanding the Differences between Inputs and Outputs
Heat up wok, add a little olive oil and sauté the onions until they turn soft. Put in the twisted tau kee and cauliflower. Stir fry for a short while. Add a little water, tomato sauce, chilly sauce, basil leaves, salt and sugar to taste. Serve hot with steamed rice or corn bread.
"The Socialist party reaffirms its eternal faith in the future of the Workers' International, destined to bloom again, greater and stronger, from the blood and conflagration of peoples. It is in the name of the International and of Socialism that we invite you, proletarians of Italy, to uphold your unshakeable opposition to war".
One of the most important things is to make sure that the coop stays dry. It has a tendency to stink more if it gets wet.
There’s a link there somewhere.
This prescription will hopefully become a remedy for the company and involve a transformation, once businesses have an understanding of the landscape they are working with. Just remember, there isn’t necessarily an incorrect way to conduct social marketing – just give it a try and see what happens. There are no rules to abide by and the conditions are still relatively new.
Oil -1 tbsp
Into the sautee pan, which is now empty, pour your paste. Turn up the heat a bit more so that some of the water evaporates and the mixture darkens a bit. Stir it around to keep from sticking or burning.
And by out-of-the-closet, I don’t mean I run around showing photos of my kids to anyone who looks at me sideways. For me, an out-of-the-closet mum is someone who is prepared to say: “Sorry, I can’t fly to Melbourne tonight because I need to be with my children.”
Namibia Breweries Limited Windhoek Lager
Kade: When I get up I'm really awake.
Bon Jovi – Yes, Bon Jovi really did perform in concert on Feb. 4th, 1987 in Fort Worth. No, I wasn’t there.
To read & review a minimum of twelve young adult or middle grade debut novels between the dates of January 1st 2012 - January 31st 2013.
So with alot of thought I decided to do the draw going my the comments as there seemed to be a bit of confusion, plus some of you may have missed that I was having a giveaway as you may have just skimmed over it since there were so many blogs to get through. I also went by those that are US and Can residents. So without further ado....... JENNA, you are my Winner!!! Congrats.
Ours was a quiet one. Except for the thunder.
Line 20. Cf. Ezekiel 2:1.
And the sun came up–
Out of balance
These academics were able to ignore due process and the presumption of innocence, whilst attacking their own students, in the furtherance of of their questionable pedagogical agendas, with impunity, as the Duke administration and its Principle, Richard Broadhead seemed more committed to Political correctness and placating radical pressure groups than protecting the young people in its charge.
Back in 2006 I used a pc, and one day a guy online (who I am no longer in touch with) advised me to back up my mail for some reason, (can't recall why), and talked me thru how. So I did, and created a mail backup cd. Forgot all about it. Moved from London to Sussex, PC kaputt, didn't care, bought a MacBook.
Waze provides pretty good turn-by-turn directions, with an automated voice that tells you where to go and a very subtle sound effect to let you know when you messed up and the route is being recalculated. At first I was disappointed by how subtle this sound actually was, but after testing many apps I’m just happy it exists. For a reason I don’t understand, most of the turn-by-turn navigation apps don’t alert you that the route is being recalculated. It just happens and tells you where to go next as if you didn’t mess up at all. Personally, I like to know, and I appreciate that Waze provides a notification even if it is a little shy about it.
"I will not shut up until stunning is carried out on animals before their ritual slaughter."
Then, because many of these students were barely literate, many universities devised remedial courses for them to "bring them up to speed". This involved several levels of pretence: first that it was a reasonable use of university resources to do all manner of high school teaching; second, virtually all students were "passed" at the end of these remedial stints, so the pretence was that they were now really ready to do degree-level work, which most manifestly weren't; third, the universities would all pretend that they were committed above all to "excellence" though in fact the standard of their courses and degrees was dropping fast; fourth, degrees would be awarded to students who, in their final year, were still not fully literate, leading to a hideous devaluation of those degrees in the labour marketplace; fifth, black academics who were often clearly rather weak would be appointed in preference to whites who were often stronger on the pretence that these blacks were at least equally good or better; and finally, as the research output of these new appointees was often derisory, all manner of strategems would be adopted to disguise the resultant deterioration in the university's research profile - retired, honorary or supernumerary faculty would have their research counted as part of the university's output, and so on.
German
This weekend my oldest son Charlie is having his First Communion. I wanted to make a couple cards to give to his teachers to thank them for all their hard work.
Wherever we tour -- jealousy. Tiny little minds. Xenophobia. White-hot hatred of art. Deep suspicion of abstraction. Violent loathing of the intellect. Where else in the world could be like this?”
This past weekend we were invited to a cabin up in the “mountains” with some of the couples from our church small group, and we had a blast! We were just above 5000 feet in elevation which was almost like being back in Denver, but certainly not quite like being in the familiar Colorado mountains.
Tapper: that is amazing
There has been a huge amount of discussion about how (and even if) the senile plaque causes the cognitive problems of Alzheimer’s. Most of the dementia of Alzheimer’s has been attributed to the loss of neurons. The plaques are thought (by some) to cause the neuronal loss. Perhaps they do, but what if the plaques are causing cognitive problems by simply getting in the way of new synapse formation (e.g. sand in the gears of the brain). Then getting rid of the plaques should help cognition.
His preach is so easy and peaceful.
“I didn’t pass the blame, I shared the shame,” he said during a brief appearance before the board via teleconference from the Oklahoma State Penitentiary in McAlester.
9) Don't overstay your welcome.
Generic Needs Assessment and Training Needs Analysis
First post in a while, been very busy!
This last week was SO hard. D finalized his "Head Master" position (yeah I bet he loves that title..haha) on Tuesday, the same day and time as our anatomy scan. My dear friend April came from Santa Cruz and held my hand as I cried.
For my first Mordue beer, I'm chuffed I've pulled off something quite individual and it seems more composed than my home-brewed version. Like I wanted it bouncing with lime and spice intertwined with dark berry and stone fruit before finishing with dry peppery notes. Not over the top but commercially the craziest beer I've ever produced.
THE CARETAKER – THE SUBLIME IS DISAPPOINTINGLY ELUSIVE
Our neighbor’s baby was full term. She was 3 months old. She had been to the pediatrician the day before. She had been taking a nap. She did not wake up. I did not know that Jake would die. However, I knew he was very premature and he had hydrops. I knew that he was in the NICU and there were complications. Our neighbor thought she was waking up her baby to take her to her first Christmas party.
Over at NPR, Linton Weeks recalls spending time with Fuentes in Washington, DC in 1995 when he was interviewing the author for The Washington Post. Weeks’ recollections offer a visual and intellectual portrait of the man and are among the most tactile and personal I’ve seen. Writes Weeks:
Most of you don't have a Jessica, but you have a Tannaz. (And I mean, Jessica wouldn't have told you anyway.) Your Tannaz is telling you, go have some yuzu tea.
Lynn
1 (14-16 lb) whole turkey, frozen
There was another train decorated like a snake.
DRAKE (as if reciting poetry)
Sierra Nevada Brewing Co. 30th Anniversary- Charlie, Fred And Ken's Bock
They also wanted a nation-wide “Smart Integration program,” whatever that means. Given the fact that Muslims in Canada had quite recently been pushing for the partial implementation of sharia laws in the country, one would suspect that “smart integration” would mean that non-Muslims should demonstrate a little more appeasement. After all, if Canadian authorities listen to the advice of their compatriot Naomi Klein, these planned mass-killings of Canadian civilians were all due to Canadian racism and because the country wasn’t Multicultural enough. Muslims want to kill Canadians, Canadians smile back, tell them how much they “respect” them and ask what more they can do to please them.
It is hard to think that a child just simply can't control themselves, but that is what it is like for them...for some kids, it's like they have ants in their pants...or brains...and just can't stop doing whatever it is that they are doing (talking, squirming, bouncing) and others pull away from crowds or can't concentrate on anything that is not "stimulating" (television, video games). Some kids, even if it is stimulating, can't concentrate on anything for more than a few minutes either. It's easy to say that they just were never made to, or that they don't want to, but it's literally because they CAN'T. They don't know how. With the right kinds of counseling and possibly medication though, it can be controlled and the child can learn to control themselves.
dee marie
If you can’t adopt us and there’s no room at the Inn -
Finally I made a little bow from very dark Lilac ribbon and added little lilac pearls at the top of each embossed thread.
Giveaway #24
In the Book of Mormon, the prophets of old repeated warnings to the people to avoid "secret combinations"-- which means avoid those schemes and their people who work together in secret to undermine the good of the people, usually in a spiritual sense. I'm starting to wonder if the political parties are well on their way to filling this definition.
States of Emergency
Mothers in the West can sleep safely because Israeli mothers at night worry about their sons in the army. Their fight is our fight. We should support it.
I saw this tweet this morning: "Dear God, Please don't ever let me click a link from Query Shark and find my query letter there. Amen."
10. Creaky Door
Mr Wight was asked whether it was part of his job to break the law. Interestingly the initial reply was that this was “not strictly true” but Mr Wight stated that he did not accept it to be true when Mr Sheridan repeated the question.
In a large skillet heat the oil. Add the onions to sauté for 3-5 minutes on medium to medium high heat. Stir in the canned tomatoes and continue to simmer for another 3-5 minutes. Stir in the Vegetable Crumbles and the taco seasoning. Reduce the heat and simmer for at least 5 more minutes.
Despite the vividness of their face paint, I get quite a serene feeling when I look at these two girls. I rather love them, and I hope they will inspire dreamy thoughts . I'd love to see them go to their new home as a pair - but destiny will determine that.
..... she chose the ChapStick. She's so not into makeup...... not like me at her age.
DID YOU JUST HEAR THAT?
Next time we do this, or think about consulting something before God, it would be a good reminder to think of a brightly colored sticky note from God stuck to it with a simply worded and “to the point” reminder from Him, reminding us to seek Him first.
I found this recipe from one of the books I borrowed from the library. I've always been interested in incorporating vegetables in my bakes but unfortunately the recipes that I find doesn't turn out well.
In the City of Brotherly Love nerds have found a large mecca. Unsurprising for a large city with a population of 1.5 million, especially to a lot of the people who live and work in the city.
Fiber is the part of food your body can’t break down, absorb, and utilize. If you didn’t already know that you probably wonder why we need something our body can’t use. Fiber allows your digestive system to keep moving! You need your car to drive down the highway, and the food you eat needs fiber to be carried through your gastrointestinal system. Basically, it keeps you pooping.
I walked a fair distance basically from about where the local “Thrifty’s” grocery store is located to the Panorama Recreation Centre and back again (a distance of about 5k). Things had progressed comfortably enough and I built up a light sweat as I pushed my pace.
I appreciate the author's direct yet gentle challenge of correction to Santorum. There really ought to be a movement of Christians determined to live the life apart from trying to make others do the same. It's God himself who leads us by cool waters and makes us lie down by green pastures, not the church or the politicians.
There's over 1,000 blogs nominated (and not all self-nominated methinks), some of which are on my blog roll. So, if you are heading over to vote for your favourites and you are feeling generous, head on over and tick Fun and VJs.
With the advancement of the technology mankind has become used to the contemporary gadgets that have found their way into our daily lives. However, one personal accessory that has remained unchanged and enjoys the status as it did in the previous years is the watches.
i recalled a recipe which met this very description and used fridge-cold butter*, a specification which makes these ideal for a spontaneous treat. i had scrawled it into my recipe book years ago, and if i recall correctly, it belongs to david lebovitz. now, i don’t know if his recipe was meant to produce cow pies, but it does for me, reliably, and i had always considered this a drawback until i came to my cookie senses last night.
WITNESS: No, he was sitting on the table wondering why I was doing
I will admit that I am only human, and while I try to show those around me that I somehow ''have it all together,'' the reality is that I don't and I've been going through a hard battle on my own since November. Divorce is ugly, it's hard, it's frustrating, it's embarrassing, it's lonely. It breaks you down bit by bit, and at first everything seems so much easier... but in my experience, once the novelty wears off, it can be one of the most difficult things a person goes through. Sometimes I wish I could curl up in a cocoon for several months, and then magically wake up and all of these tough emotions would be worked out on their own. But life doesn't have a fast forward button, or even a pause button. I have already learned so much about myself and those around me from this experience, and I have a feeling that the lessons will never cease to show themselves.
1 shoved
Readers Digest: Shortly after I moved in the Landlord informed me she would be selling the house. Shortly after that she stopped communicating with me all together. She has not responded to numerous texts, phone calls, or emails since mid October. Including texts and phone calls informing her my toilet had completely busted. I have asked her to be truthful with me about her intentions and she ignores me. One time I came home at lunch early and she happened to be at the house working. She literally hid from me, and when I found her she faked a phone call, so I said fuck it and left. I needed to get back to work.
When I kissed you and
Bill had never really been around babies before; I worry that the adjustment period may be harder on him than it is on me. I know that he loves these babies with all of his heart and is a wonderful father to them. I do worry though that this dream that I thought was ours was really just mine. I worry that I just plowed full steam ahead, like I always do. I worry that he was just trying to make me happy, like he always does.
“Copper is the new rose gold,” Hilary Joy’s chief said on-air.
It was freaking awesomely easy! That felt sooo good for it to be EASY when I know this week is pretty pivotal. The next workout is 1 more minute of running total but only one walk break, then the one after that is 2 miles straight (next week is harder, and so on). I am finally feeling like I CAN do this. I might not be great or fast, but I can do it.
1) Elwood published no-name writers of questionable worth - A cursory glance of the contents of Elwood's titles does not bear this out. Considering his titles which were aimed at an adult audience, each book boasts 65-75% or more material from authors who well either well-established at the time or were readily creating names for themselves within the field. We may quibble over whether this material represented the authors at their best, but it is entirely disingenuous to insinuate that Elwood purchased stories from hacks.
doing holy things to the ordinary.
Laughed Moon.
A message left for an attorney for Brigham wasn’t immediately returned.
We're trying to enjoy our time with him - and he is loving all the extra attention. L and I are both a mess (I am losing it just typing this out), but trying to stay normal. His quality of life right now is good and he's happy.
Comes the Night is the author’s second novel. Her first Vicious Spring, appears to be similarly dark, although leavened with humour, following the sexual awakening of a school-leaver from a Christian fundamentalist family on an acid trip. It sounds equally compelling.
And that is our week in a nutshell. I guess no real recipes to share this week. Maybe I’ll get more creative next week!
300 East University Boulevard, Tucson, AZ – 520-551-2053 – www.TheRogueTheatre.org
We have to ask Who’s My NEIGHBOR so we know exactly who we are to help. If you take P off the word HELP it leaves you with HEL. The P is for Pray, Praise, Protect, Provide and Partner. If we don’t do these things for and with our neighbors it can cause more hell than we could ever imagine.
Granted early Christians were libelled repeatedly and not taken seriously by educated (and uneducated) Romans, but I think Tertullian is reacting with something other than love when he imagines his persecutors’ futures.
Quam, quae contingit maribus,’ dixisse, ‘voluptas.’
Here She is, the Queen, out to pay respect to a very close neighbour, and she is subjected to attitudes and threats such as this by the "true Irish"
TO SHAPE THE COOKIES: Pull one packet of dough from the refrigerator. If it is too firm to roll easily, either leave it on the counter for about 10 minutes or give it a few bashes with your rolling pin. (this is what I love about Dorie. She is practical. She knows that some of us are not going to wait so she gives us solutions.)
Garden Walk Buffalo, the largest (and dare I say best!) garden tour in the country received an award from Visit Buffalo Niagara (VBN) as the "2011 Tourism Initiative of the Year" at the second annual Beacon Awards, honoring excellence in the Buffalo Niagara travel and tourism industry, with more than 400 tourism professionals in attendance.
Seriously, if you want to hear more BS about any firearm or firearm accessory, all you need to do is associate it somehow with the Israelis and BAM! it couldn't be more tacticool if you'd sewed it entirely out of black Velcro nylon MOLLE webbing.
Choose the category you'd like to order from to see all the products offered. If you click on granola you'll see the following listings from Rosie's Best.
It seemed almost unimaginable at the time, but proves that anything is possible with the help of God and the Universe!
“What you would get, we’d get you at the Cameron and Osborne dinners.”
TL:DR – We do not know how much of an affect Prothy will have on the plot because the leaked script is probably to old to determine his value. Furthermore we still don’t know if it is even the same Prothean or if the DLC just changes him from a storyline character to a Squadmate. I think at this point the only thing we can do is wait and see.
with golden hair and a flowing dress
Revolutionary
A possessed cheerleader. A cursed gang of criminals. Mysterious telekinetic powers. An angry ex-girlfriend in gym class? One second, sophomore in high school Ted endures his first breakup in his favorite place in town. The next, a mysterious blue light turns him into a worldwide superhero sensation for taking down a posse of grisly murderers. As his views on YouTube increase and his friend Dhiraj tries to capitalize on the marketing potential, his dangers increase as well when a presumed-dead cheerleader begins taking a personal interest. Can Ted survive his first week as a superhero in the public eye? This novella is the first taste in a series of full-length novels about the
In America, the tax code is complicated enough even when you don’t have any special circumstances to consider. For Americans living and working abroad, I’m told it can be absolutely hellish to try to keep up with all the ever-changing tax rules and that heavy penalties apply if you get it wrong.
And there are variations of the same. But we love it because it is such a great piece of rhetoric: powerful, insulting and amusing. More than this, one can apply it to the Commons at virtually any point in history since.
12. when i was in high school, i went on a date with a boy named tony catron. we went to a movie and afterwards he took me to watch a tractor pull...we didn't go in though, we went up on a hill above it to watch for free.
I read The Perks of Being a Wallflower rather recently, and I thought about one of its most well-known sentences, “I feel infinite.”
So every time this box starts to open, I have the power to shut it again because I know that apart from comfort, nothing inside there is good. All the good things in life are out there, and that’s the way I’m walking. Being out of my comfort zone is the most terrifying feeling of all, but to me, it’s started to become normal and what I used to think as uncomfortable isn’t as scary as I once thought. It’s these tiny battles and accomplishments every day that keeps me smiling and fighting towards my goals. That, as well as the fact that I have ultimate responsibility for my life, no one else. How easy it would be just to fall and let others pick the pieces up whilst I withered away but I want more than that. I’m not prepared to give in to this evil monster which tries to interfere with my future.
While I did not care for the Shoer dude that set them, for the very inconsistent results each time...it was not the shoe but the shoer's problem. So, after I had had them set on the mare three times last spring to summer, they were removed and I knew I would have to find another to administer them for me for this year.
One hundred and seventeen (117/312) or 38% of the Wingfield population were women workers, aged 17-90 years. The majority of women were bred in the Caribbean, the exceptions were seven; Maria, 18 years, Judy, 28 years, Lucinda 24 years; and Fanny, 28 years, who were born in the African Congo, whereas Nana, 50 years; Abigail, 50 years; Grace, 32 years, who were born in Iboland. Six women were categorised as ‘Mixed Race’ such as Charlotte, 20 years, house servant, and Betto Douglas (55 years, taking care of her two children – Betto’s story is told in SCHS Gazette 2009). None of the mixed race women worked in the field, they worked as seamstresses (2) Maria Dunbar and Betsey Moss; house servant (2) and taking care of her children (1).
(this was not Joanns...Joanns has cuddle fabric but our Joanns has about 8 bolts of it....everything you see in this picture is cuddle...and there is a wall you can't see... (you can also use an old scarf....or fleece...or a baby blanket!)
1/2-1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, to taste
In his new book (on Keynes & the economic crisis), Skidelsky quotes a paper by Thomas Palley, which argues that under the neoliberal model (starting around 1980): “the commitment to full employment was abandoned as inflationary, with the result that the link between productivity growth and wages was severed.” With productivity growing and wages falling in real terms, consumer demand was built upon increasingly high levels of household debt.
Cause thinking like this will border you in a circle of hopeless self-pity and disgust and made your life even more miserable...
Relate Moderately
A. Mucha Influence Spring is colored with copics (RV's and R39 for depth) and glittered with Glamour Dust Glitter. The flowers were colored with Spica pens. DP is Meadow Lark by Prima- can't get enough of this paper- and Bazzill cardstock. Flowers by Wild Orchid Crafts and corner embellishment by Prima - also coated with Snowtex glitter. Sentiment is from Pink by Design and green pearls are from my stash. I also used Pebbles pearlescent chalk around the image.
Paul, and Silvanus, and Timotheus, unto the church of the Thessalonians which is in God the Father and in the Lord Jesus Christ: Grace be unto you, and peace, from God our Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ.
"Meet Me On Monday!"
Snake River Pale Ale - Jackson Hole, Wyoming
Let me just say this, if you were to return home to your kids at 6:55 AM and your husband was on the phone with Poison Control, there is no way you would react the way that Lauren did. She was calm, cool, and collected. She listened with patience as I told her all that had happened. She only gave me the "you are an idiot" eye-roll once. Okay maybe twice. The nurse neighbor showed up a few minutes later and gave me the "you are an idiot" eye-roll several times. She checked Jackson's vitals and made us feel better. We observed Jackson for the next two hours and finally relaxed when we knew he was going to be okay.
We are loving every minute of it. We have met and made so many new friends, and enjoyed visiting with people passionate about craft beer, and about our Cajun and Creole heritage.
Jan was working in the garden a few hours because we really had a beautiful spring weekend here in Belgium and yesterday he went with our dog Ralph for a walk in the countryside of Brakel, the village where we live.
The only thing that I need is to see them live. So here is a plea to all South Africans, please make as much noise as possible to get the Foo Fighters here!
We kept the containers of the bubble liquid underneath the sink in our kitchen. The children knew exactly where to find them when it came to bubble blowing time.
Start with your analytics
I am pretty computer savvy. So when something goes wrong, I can do basic troubleshooting. So I knew right away that this was not good. In an ironic twist, the three-year service plan I had purchased from Best Buy when I bought the laptop had expired exactly one week earlier. It made me want to scream. Just one week.
A common saying in the south of Spain, used to describe a flamenca's perfect dance posture.
1 dash cayenne pepper
A necessity not necessarily of his own choosing........
We started with the wild mushroom and barley soup. At $9/bowl I expected a substantial serving, but that crostini spanned the width of the bowl, and crostini (meaning "little toast") are, well, little...so you get an idea of the portion size.
The girl shivered in her brief sundress, wishing she’d dressed for warmth instead of sex appeal. Flaxen hair flying, she picked her way down to a beach swallowed by heavy darkness. Shells and driftwood crunched underfoot as her sandals squished along the shoreline. Blowing sand stung her eyes.
I'll miss you, but I'll be a better friend and a better blogger for it.
I’ve been taking steps all my life…
She was calm, cool and collected, and before long her kids were quiet and back to being human. Back to being human?? What is she saying? That when people are upset, they cease to be human? Or is it only when they are upset about somethings we don't understand or accept? Or is it that children are only considered human when they are quiet and convenient and compliant? Either way, I am saddened by this thought.
On another interesting note…
Putting a little downward pressure on the top of the printer would stop the alarm, but as soon as I released the pressure the alarm would start up again making the unit non-functional.
This is huge!
Delwin Sharp (1884-1969), son of Milo and Lilly Sharp.
Ta for now!
Here's what the publishers says:
“Hello Dr. Borden.”
Nothing about this polish gives away that it cost 2 dollars!!
Looked drab in the extreme,
Other than that I'm gearing up for Thanksgiving, looking forward to some downtime at work and some upcoming days off, and just all around enjoying the season!
I don’t feel like I’m someone who fears change or is resistant to it, but it still doesn’t come easily. After reading up on this really simple concept, I can see that despite how actively I try to achieve my goals, I still stay where it is comfortable.
But if the Bishops say that making poor people suffer more isn’t the way of God, like the republican budget will do—- then, like the article says, …………. STFU
I eventually joined this book group, and other members came and went. It's been meeting for three or four years at this point. (I came in around year 2.5.) There are seven members currently.
It would be where our JM children could hang out in the shade, play and just be kids while we adults did what we could to draw attention to their cause.
On the outside, what we see is the results people get — results we might want to replicate, such as excellent sales and consistently good coaching; and results people might be asking us to help them change, like consistently fluffing their public speeches or getting debilitating anxiety about Mondays.
A real marriage of Prima, Hambly and Kaiser in this page.... oh, and TA Glimmermist of course! More of those yummy Prima mistables that I warned you you would see again. :) And how stunning are the new Crystal Palace flower sprays, also from Prima? Totally yum!
Chechen President Ramzan Kadyrov publicly announced that the dead women had “loose morals” and were rightfully shot by male relatives. He went on to describe women as the property of their husbands, and said their main role is to bear children.
Min 18: “I’m more of a niche writer. I’m waiting for the niche to find me. Where the feck are you, Niche?!”
OG: Est:1.067 Observed: 1.068
This weekend houses the first Saturday in May. That means Free Comic Book Day. There are going to be some interesting offerings this year, and I’ll be live-Tweeting (with the same hashtag, #BW_FCBD) as much of my haul as I can, since I have to work later that day (on a Saturday–that just feels wrong). I’ll review the rest when I get home from work.
Throughout his life, she attended as many of her son’s guitar performances as possible. When he joined a rock band, she would go to the nightclub to hear him play; even though she was in her sixties by that time.
Would you open up to other possibilities?
In our first year, we bought a condo and renovated it; hosted a belated celebration of our marriage with friends and family; and finally, rewarded ourselves with a honeymoon on our first anniversary.
I nearly choked on my Chilean Merlot last night (drunk to celebrate the rescue of the trapped Chilean miners rather than out of any dependence on the tranquilising effects of alcohol, honest) when Apprentice contestant Melissa used the expression "to find comfortability" while referring to her team's hopeless product the Book-Eze, designed to make reading on the beach less onerous (watch from about 30-31 minutes into this episode if you want to hear it for yourself).Am I getting prescriptive in my old age?
You know up to this point I've been really trying to keep my mind open to environmental activists who do nothing but bash the oil sands and what they are doing. I get it...pollution..blah blah blah. This is what I have a hard time with though.
Mr. Wagner said training to improve employee courtesy, manners and product knowledge wasn't a worthwhile expense. At the least, he said, it should have been done in-house.So it was a dopey idea, and we were right about that. But the important thing is that state ethics laws were not broken!
In my defense (and I don’t have much to go on here…lol) I had literally just gotten out of rehab. I was a nervous wreck to begin with before I even got into my car that night. I was due to snap about something. It was inevitable. But it’s not all my fault… OK…well it is my fault I mean…but I had been on those fucking pills every single minute of every day for two years. That’s not even counting the many other years of heavy recreational use of other party drugs. I was fucked up. Just because I went into rehab and was technically “clean” doesn’t mean I was fully back to normal by any means. In fact I wasn’t even close. That would take some time. My mind was still definitely all over the fucking place…clearly.
TIP 2. Many of the CRC ‘winners’ have also pointed to the work they have done on employee engagement as giving them the edge.
1960's wicker handbag with beautiful I-don't-know-what-you-call-it-tortoiseshell-y accents on the handle and clasp. Inside reads "A Souvenir of Palm Springs" on a little tag. The funniest thing about this piece is how it opens up like a suitcase. You have to kind of set it down and unlatch it carefully so all your goods don't go falling out into the floor! See: the jumble that is the inside of my purse. This was from my uncle Harold's wife, my aunt Donna's aunt's estate sale (see all the family names in that one sentence!). She had probably a dozen other purses but I chose this one for its size and shape. I'm disappointed at myself that I didn't get the "WATCH AND PRAY" Victorian biblical mirror art thing that was hanging in the same bedroom as this purse, but you can't win 'em all.
“Shouldn’t you have added a tilde to the ‘n’ of that last species?”
In early April, after being turned down almost ten times in bail request, he decided to withdraw his appeals motion and seek a royal pardon.
This is a page out of Vegas history I don’t know shit about so I won’t bother to try and analyze it. I don't know if it was the pinnacle of what the Vegas underground had to offer but I'm sure the folks who went to the shows with these bands will say it is. They could be right. The MIA songs on here are good finds. I recall seeing the Self Abuse logo spray painted on the wall at the unofficial smoking section around the corner from Eldorado High. I'm sure I bought weed from some hessian while standing in front of it. I went and spray painted that logo on numerous walls cause I liked it so much but I never got to hear em until checking em out here. Good stuff. I’m glad I defaced property in their name.
I love my dog to no end! We have a very special bond and interestingly enough a lot on common. I rescued Meesha just over 2 years ago. She had went through a very abusive past and was very tentative of people however when we met we knew she was my dog. Over the last 2 years i have spoiled her and she has saved me. However she does constantly want attention. Especially when i start paying attention to something else including writing on here. She pushes and pulls at my arm and shoulder. growls under her breathe as if she is telling me a story. I love her but sometimes i just want to be alone and not bugged. Today i went into my bedroom and shut the door. I lit some candles and played some calm music and just spent time alone.
Best Cinematic Moment:
I've changes some thing about my make-up.
What I have learned in these past two weeks is all things are temporary: health, wealth, possessions. There is one exception. Jesus. He is unchanging and eternal. When I feel like I have been kicked in the gut with emotion, sickness or the weight of a burden to heavy to bear, it is here that I can truly experience the beauty of the Gospel. You see, when I realize that I have nothing left to grasp for in this life, nothing left to hold onto, it is there that I find Jesus waiting with open arms. It is here that Jesus picks me up, dusts the dirt off of me and says, ‘now I can heal you.’ He is willing if we submit. What I am learning is that all too often, we try to make it through life on our own. We feel so empowered by our culture and society believing we can do everything for ourselves. Yet it is in times such as these, we realize that we cannot. I could not fix my grandmother’s health any more than I could fix my son’s health. At times, it seemed my world hung on a doctor’s diagnosis. But then I realized that our sovereign God and King is not surprised at all by any of this. It did not catch him off-guard. In each situation, we choose our response. We can run from Jesus, caught up in the weight of the situation and trying to fix it ourselves or we can run to Jesus, pressing into him and allowing ourselves to be comforted, ministered to, and loved.
I give you:
The darkness lit by spots of kindled fire, the silence,
I came across a 3200-count box of mostly mid-90s base cards, which was great because I can never seem to find cards from those years anywhere. A good majority of the box was comprised of Pinnacle.
Source: Baseball's Greatest Managers (1961).
I ended this blog in december and closed it last week. It felt a bit vulnerable to have a blog lying open when I'm never here myself. But yesterday Nadine asked about my Tenugi input. And I realised I need to have my blog open a while longer. I really enjoyed participating in the swap, and the Pinochio cards from Dana have become a personal treasure. I can see that the tenugi is moving very slowly around the world, so I guess I will have to keep this shop open for a quite a while ;)
Sigh. I just want someone to tell me that it will be OK. That this isn't really anything and that it too shall pass. I want to call my mom. I want to get a hug from my dad. But that won't be for some many, many years.
When you have finished reading it will be time for a teensy workout:
Charity is no answer. Money simply gets appropriated by the first, or second, or third person to touch it (17 countries saw a decline in real per capita GNP between 1970 and 1999, despite receiving well over $100 billion in World Bank assistance).
So we’ve been trying some, and we’ve had some really good meals. I am really enjoying trying new dishes and seeing what everyone likes.
1/2 cup raw walnuts
*I wasn’t sure both puddings were going to fit in my pie crust so I didn’t add all the banana pudding on the bottom layer, once I saw there was room, I topped it with the rest of the banana pudding – that’s why you may see banana chunks on the top layer in my pic. You can do it however you want.
I love this science of fashion. I think because I am a marketer, I connect things that most people don’t think about. For instance, how our styles are influenced by our economy.
And because packaged Taco Mix doesn't agree with me, I found this recipe for some that tastes just the same but will cost much less. It takes only a minute or two to put together.
Let’s put that figure in a global context.
I have a 30th Birthday next weekend and I a torn between the Large Watering Can Gift Bag and the Glove Box! Stop back by and I will be sure to post my creation. Enjoy the rest of your weekend and hope it’s a crafty one!
for their own purpose
Afrikaner farmer Frederick J van Zyl SNYDERS murdered: Merweville Western Cape
i love being a mama.
Evonne wrote of the wedding on her blog, "Rhonda picked the most beautiful colors for her wedding - turquoise blue, apple green and espresso brown. We had brown linens with blue chair sashes, green and blue fabric swags for the stairs railing, green and blue silk napkins, brown ottomans with blue and green pillows... The combination was unbelievable."
Speaking of telling people what to do, did you see yesterday's post about my mother falling off her Sketchers? That's totally my fault! I bought these Sketchers Tone Up sweater slipper clogs at Ross a couple of months ago and I loved them. (I use them as house shoes.) I've been searching for another pair at every Ross Dress for Less in the Vegas valley with no success, but when I was in Boise last weekend, the Rosses there were full of them. I bought a furry version in brown and made my mother and Lori buy them, too, because it's my nature to tell everyone what to do. And of course they do it, and then my mother has to go and fall off her damn shoes. And she doesn't even drink.
Every issue is a women’s issue and no issue is a women’s issue alone. The fight for fair wages for the woman worker blends into the struggle against imperialism. The struggle for the dignity of dalit women is an integral part of the struggles to annihilate caste and smash feudalism. The rape and murder of Manorama Devi in Manipur, the mass rape in Kunan Poshpora in Kashmir by the Indian army, the attack on countless adivasi women in central and eastern India by the state forces or the notorious Salwa Judum demonstrates the particular vulnerability of women to all forms of attacks, discrimination and deprivation. The fight for women’s rights can only be fought with the collective strength of struggles waged against all forms of oppression, and not in isolation. This has been the lesson of the students’ movement of our campus, as well as the revolutionary women’s movement of this country exemplified by mass organisations like Krantikari Adivasi Mahila Sangathan of Bastar, Nari Mukti Sangh of Bihar-Jharkhand or nari Ijjat Bachao Samiti of Jangal Mahal. To strengthen and expand the scope of GSCASH and to revive the women’s movement in this campus, we must build bridges between movements that are being fought for the democratization of education and of the campus at large.
This includes a student taking the information you teach and teaching it herself. This includes the student writing a book on it, making a DVD of it, creating stitched items to sell, and more. This isn't even being ripped off, this is the normal educational process!
Take 1, adjust the amount of flour to make a thicker dough. I added about 3/4 cup (unfortunately I didn’t write it down) and a couple of handfuls of chocolate chips. Result: Banana scones with chocolate… They looked like cookies but the texture was soft and mushy. They were really good – just not cookies.
Nor helmet strapped upon his dome.
We exchange a couple of emails and he asks me out for coffee. Personally, I’m not a massive fan of the coffee date, but hey, it’s a date, and that’s a whole other post.
When cookies are done let them cool on baking sheet for 2-3 minutes and remove to a wire cooling rack.
If you do want to send him a copy of the book, I would suggest carefully wording the note you send with it to communicate that you don't expect him to read the book; that you understand how many books and manuscripts are always waiting in line for attention from people in the book business. (Both books we need to read for our jobs, and ones we just want to read, when we get the chance. My when-I-get-the-chance pile must be around 30 books high right now.) Reference your friendship as the motivation for sending it, and that will be enough.
In this imagined episode she has captured the fear, the sense of duty, the poignancy and the sacrifice of one ordinary soldier, in this case Edgar Simpson of Winnipeg, for all the others in the so-called “war to end all wars.”
They came home and the older 3 played outside while the younger 4 napped.
After Canada I had a couple of weeks to kill. The team was nice enough to loan me a car and I headed from Cleveland to Michigan for a little R&R.
Yes, the modern mental health leaders of the APA would have us believe autism with self-injurious behaviors doesn’t exist."
So, blessed with GREAT weather here, I finally tackled a problem of my own: the large tree laying in the South yard which came down in a late-Spring near-tornado. Not only did the tree come crashing to the earth, but it took with it, two HUGE Bradford Pears & two mature Leyland Cypress trees. The total definition of ... "a mess".
Some of you may remember the posts about Holy Cow our Holstein heifer. When we brought her home, she was an interesting addition to the herd. We were told she was about 18 months- 2 years old at the time. With that in mind and having looked into things, consulting with friends in the know, we felt comfortable enough to breed her to our neighbors Angus bull. The hope was to start our herd of beef cattle and mostly to be able to milk Holy. Well when she came due to calf- the problems started. We watched her, the neighbors watched her and nothing happened. This was back in the first part of October.
“Duh. Natasha is pregnant. No drinks for her,” I’d tell Chef. This started the joke where every time I mention the progress of my sister’s pregnancy, Chef asks, “Natasha is still pregnant?”
i told my boyfriend about it.
On our day of touring with Ahmet, he filled us with Turkish information. All state schools, hospitals, and medicine are free. Private health insurance cost around $3,000 a year and private universities between $5,000 and $10,000. There are 147 churches, 18 synagogues, and 3000 mosques in Istanbul, a city with a history of religious tolerance.
You got ying you want yang
killian eng has so much amazing stuff. this warrents a third part installment coming soon.
Common Symptoms of Cleansing Crisis:
I am not jiving you… you MUST watch it!
Date: October 11, 2011
~Welcome to all my new followers and thanks to everyone for your sweet comments~
Good morning readers!
Hope you join in!
I’ve always gone with the saying, “An image is better than no image” and indeed it is. I like a little noise when converting to black and white but not always. The same with colour images. You can get away with it so far, but for any images you want to enlarge, less noise is better. In my opinion anyway.
This incident is the biggest single loss of UK life at one time in Afghanistan since a Nimrod crash killed 14 service personnel in 2006.
Their "famous" camembert was fine. The 40 minute wait for the bill afterwards, however, was not, as apparently the entire staff of the restaurant, except the manager had vacated the premises and forgotten us upstairs.
See last challenge for standard paper storage... for example you can have a vertical cropper hopper just for kits, etc.
Scented candles are lovely and I don't think you can go wrong with them. I particularly like the coloured glass - I've been trying out some Jo Malone candles and although I initially liked the non-coloured glass, I've discovered that it gets dirty after a few hours of burning. Not pretty.
While I notice more details now, that's not always a good thing. Sometimes, I tune into details that puzzle me, or sadden me, or anger me - kind of like what happened to me yesterday. Without venturing too deeply into the details, I had to spend a lot of time running around town yesterday, and I found myself around parents and their children in just about every place I went. And virtually every interaction between parent and child that I came across made me sad.
e) You will need to tweak the twigs once it's hanging in your home by simply pushing things here and there until it looks right.
Today I have 2 simply fabulous Circle of Honor cards to share. Our team just rocks - just sayin' :)
It's been a wretched winter throughout much of the US this year. New England has been no exception. It seems that every winter I get a bit of seasonal affective disorder. This year was a bit worse. With my driveway a lost cause and everything becoming an effort as a result of the snow, I got a bit down. Hence, the lack of writing on the blog.
Written by Supergrass
PHIL WOOD SHOW (BBC GMR)
Almost all of the writers I edit, I also count as friends.
Certainly there are cases of people who exploit the faith and values of society.
And to finish off my contribution to the Blogapalooza round-up, I leave you with the immortal words of Anne (don’t call me carrots!) Shirley:
At The Abercrombie, they've embraced this childhood delight and given it the highest adulation possible - deep frying it.
* I agree with Bob Black’s essay, The Abolition of Work, that all ideologies (whether Marxist, Liberal or Conservative, etc) seem conservative to the extent that they believe in maximising employment.
Please get the word out and send your friends and other homeowners the link.
3 They use e-cigarettes as a front up for their own tobacco related products, to promote more smoking. (This is less likely in my eyes.)
- The film is truly successful at being objective, and what makes the film so interesting is whether Morgan is being objective because of his craft demands it or because of all the partnerships and their accompanying contracts.
For the tag and card I used SU cardstock and some
With the doors out of the way, I was able to make some progress on my little work area. This is our old dining table and the top got pretty beaten up in storage. Nothing that a fresh coat of paint wouldn't fix.
“This will do. Rip it off the carriage. I’m going to use this as my door.” I start to walk toward the forest clearing when the driver has the nerve to talk back to me.
Their vehicle was hit head-on by a car driven by a Catholic priest, Albert Marie, and Anderson’s wife Leola was killed instantly. Romney, who has always maintained he was not at fault (witnesses claimed Albert Marie was drunk when the crash took place), was seriously injured. He was even initially feared dead; the policeman who first reported to the scene wrote “Il est mort” (he is dead), in Romney’s passport. At hospital he came out of a coma. Four days later he was on a Paris-bound train in a carriage that had been chartered by the Church. Ambulances were even authorised onto the platforms at Bordeaux Saint-Jean Station to drop off Romney and Anderson.
May likewise love thee for the same again:
"fair and square"--that's the new slogan...
If you can find a group of players like this, you can build a dungeon like the following. It is, for my money, my favorite dungeon of all the dungeons I’ve ever designed:
Although I hate that he'll never be tiny ever again, it makes me happy that he is growing and learning new things every day. I love waking up in the morning to his smiling face and him talking away to himself. Jaxon has taught me to truly cherish each and every moment in life because in a blink of an eye they're all grown up.
Hey, is that more butter over there?
The U.S. military is now looking for UAVs for yet another type of missions. This is the way the U.S. Army, in its RFP, describes the possible uses of the non-lethal UAV: “Potential commercial applications might include, but are not limited to: crowd control for local law enforcement; border protection for Homeland Security; or temporary incapacitation of non violent criminals for local SWAT teams and/or law enforcement.”
Check back for a post in the next few days---I will be posting some photos with light fixtures & paint on the walls!
Claiming a bumper year with an increase in timeshare sales in 2011, he said, “We’ve had a brilliant year, and it’s only going to get better.”
Triangle: A = ½ bh
The submission was in bad shape in terms of its physical condition and its content. Granted, evaluating manuscripts is somewhat subjective, but there was nothing about this work someone might have valued. Specifically, it was so full of grammatical errors that it read like a bad translation. Also, there were some simple flaws in the manuscript (unintentional tense and P.O.V. shifts) that BB ought to have asked the writer to fix before submitting.
Hello! Sorry no postage lately.
I used the Colour Coach to help me select my colour combo and went for Melon Mambo, Old Olive and Rich Razzleberry. The house contains a treat bag full of Maltesers (have to admit some didn't make it in!) and the tag has been made using one of the stamps from the level one hostess set Cute by the Inch - which you could get by hosting a Stampin' Up! party or by joining my new virtual club.
For all I know, this beer might great, but I just don't care for the style. Glad I was able to give it a try though, because you never know when your palette may change.
This is another card made with my brand spankin' new, from Great Britain, GORGEOUS Everything Eleanor set from Stampin' Up! It's for the One Layer Wednesday Women Rule! challenge and the Stampin' Sisters in Christ Green Thumb challenge. :) It's also for "Spread the L-O-V-E". It's a birthday card for a friend who's celebration is tomorrow and that I haven't seen in awhile. I'll be popping by tomorrow night with a treat for her! :)
Pattern paper- Poppy design
The Distributed Web-Community as Organism: Daily Kos
Oh God give her love and hope and heal her broken wings.
To put it bluntly the pitch of the roof is too great (it needs to be 35%, whatever that means), the window openings are not long and narrow enough, we have put in a fair few wide windows and it turns out that in this region the windows need to be tall and thin (like I wish I was :P), the garage needs to be simplified and we need to apply for a sewage something or other (this is where my google translate let me down).
Last month the IPKat made a formal application to the European Commission in order to request a copy of the Commission's submission to the Court in this case, this being 'Written Observations to Court of Justice of the European Union dated 11 October 2010 with reference "sj.a(2010)740874/FWB/hb" regarding Case C-307/10". This application was made in accordance with Regulation 1049/2001 regarding public access to European Parliament, Council and Commission documents and the IPKat was entitled to receive a response within 15 working days. On the 15th such day the Kat received the following response:
Apart from that, is always “A” like in father, “E” like in better, “I” like in machine, “O” like in more, “U” like in put.
Beth Overmyer
8 My favourite hobby as a child was melting plastic bags over a bonfire on a stick and chasing my brother with them.
When the sportswear company started using Jordan’s Chinese moniker in 2000, it became widely popular. The New York Times reports that the company earned $45 million in profit last year alone.
Imtithal: Ms. Anwaar, we must leave! Someone’s approaching!
most water is spoiled and most food is spilled.
And I agree with Armance. This is how historical changes usually take place. And all the people who feel despair and cannot imagine such a change have not read any history, or haven't paid attention while reading it. Only last century we had a couple of shifts of this magnitude. When you live in the middle of a paradigm it looks impossible to change it (because all the aspects of it support each other). But if you study history you will find that such changes happened fairly often, and how it works.
Education. Educating your company on transgender employees may be greatly affected by your company’s culture. Smaller companies may not have the resources to execute a companywide education program or they may want to limit the education to the employee’s department. One thing is certain, it will benefit the company greatly if you can build a library of diversity materials including transgenders in the workplace to be available to internal employees as well as external contacts. Having these resources and tools available can be key to managing this transition for the office neighbors who may need to get use to your employee using the opposite restroom facilities.
This gorgeous century old Belgium garden was landscaped by Jacques Wirtz. ENJOY!
Some people would have preferred that I had substituted the above paragraphs with the words "I recently watched 'Rise of the Planet of the Apes'." These people should fuck off back to Twitter where they belong.
Received: February 2012
Despite his deep anger and rage against normal humans, Magneto is more then capable of showing kindness. In the film X-Men: First Class, he tells Mystique to accept who she is and tells her she is beautiful, like a tiger. In the graphic novel X-Men: God Loves, Man Kills when he comes upon two mutant children who had been brutally murdered by a group of anti-mutant bigots and hung from a swing-set , tears fall form his eyes as he takes the children down and gives them a proper burial.
When that is happening God is keeping me. If you are crying out HELP then God is keeping you!
And God remained silent. I spent a lot of time crying, blaming myself, saying I was a bad Christian, thinking that I was such a fialure and so lazy and pathetic and maybe I wasn't saved and maybe I would get to heaven and God would say "I never knew you."
Putting out our last book of the year in a week or two -- this a page from my contribution to the weird zine/comic/calendar/book/thing. We have a pretty sweet roster to the thing too -- I'm pretty excited for it! If you threw down 25$ or more on the Kickstarter for Motherlover you will be getting this before anybody.
I’m not sure why they didn’t just keep the old system but have a jury read the shortlist. That was what we thought we were voting for, more or less. For example, there had been no suggestion until this procedure was announced that voting on the longlist was going to be abolished. Or that members would be limited to making three recommendations. At the 2010 AGM I tried introducing a rule that limited members to five recommendations: the response was so negative I withdrew the proposal without even putting it to the vote!
Our budget deficit this year will be $1.3 trillion. Our official national debt exceeds $14.5 trillion and this past summer Congress gave the Obama Administration permission to increase our debt to $16.4 trillion. Our unofficial national debt, when you take into account unfunded liabilities and entitlement to our citizens, is closer to $100 trillion.
But of course, that is the duty of the media – they are there to laud the entertainment but to deliver the death knell on the ridiculous. What is irksome though, is the faux surprise that Balotelli could dare be as idiotic as he was on Sunday. The signs have been there throughout his entire career, not least his brief time in Manchester. He is still in the infancy of his career and will most definitely learn from his mistakes (see the apology issued on Monday) but to state that he has thrown the title through his poor performance is extreme hyperbole.
Title: The Traitor in the Tunnel
In Monday’s early morning hours, still almost asleep, I had an accident that put me on the floor with a shoulder full of hurt. I went back to bed and when the sun came up I called the local rescue squad to take me to a nearby hospital, one of the best in the state. I know this because in the final decades of my parent’s years, both were fairly regular visitors. It is a penalty of aging that our bones break and other misfortunes occur.
We love city programs like these, because they help engage and educate our public with the food we eat. We spoke with Kevin Lee, the community centre executive director, who was right there helping everyone with their fishing. What an amazing person making a great difference along with all the volunteers and workers.
Nicks opinion:
Having been dropped off along from the Barbican we walked up to Pivini for our first Cider, while coming up that road to the Merchant’s Adventurer’s Hall next to the Foss, we passed a derelict sorry looking building on our right which I recall may have been a market or some such in the early 1980’s but is indeed Reynard building, Piccadilly, and was once home to Airspeed in the 1930’s.
Herbal Waters have a hint of flavor that lingers as you drink it down. Dazzling!
16. Hoola Hoops
Mastermind Jr. Emma is really good at this game. So good that we are thinking of switching to the regular version very soon.
Take one of the best science fiction novels of all time and make a movie out of it. How can you miss? (See: Battlefield Earth, above.) I think the real problem isn't about what was cut from the novel. Movies cut up novels every day, and that doesn't necessarily make the movie worse. The problem is the voice-over. All that heavy, whispering, over-dramatic thinking doesn't make for satisfying drama. Frank Herbert does it in the novel (a style I don't much like, anyway), but David Lynch should have (and, worse, really could have) found a better way to dramatize it. (If it's true that Lynch was offered the chance to direct Return of the Jedi, imagine what would have happened to the Ewoks if he'd done that instead of Dune.)
That generation still isn't fully rehabilitated in the public mind, but things may shift -- for images can change, and often it's one particular book, exhibition or film that starts the shift.
When I took Intro to Art History as an 18 year old undergrad, it was Bruegel above all whose work I found riveting. He loved to lavish attention to the mundane bits of everyday life: the country dances and bread baking and field workers that passed his eye every day — and he rendered those figures with a kind of affection that seemed rare for that era (to an 18-yr-old undergrad, anyway). He loved to see children at play and portrayed the hunch of a workman’s back, bent over his plough, with love.
9. Technically speaking, Lindsey is old enough to be my Mother. But if my own Mother was gallivanting around the internet peddling the kind of filth she does, I’d have her put in a special home or something. Exhibit A:
I am sure many Arabs would feel touched knowing that the Rupert Murdoch bootlicking, imperialist attack dog, Arab-hating, and for good measure just as racist against African Americans Simon Wisenthal Center is worried about "the ideals of the Arab Spring"-- and not just worried, but organizing to defend these ideals!
Jake Westbrook (3-1, 1.30) vs. Erik Bedard (2.48)
It’s time to shake off the February doldrums and line things up for a fantastic spring.
Seymour Kneitel
And with such capable foreign ministers, I believe we should try to elevate our status in world affairs.(Rather than embroiling our foreign ministers in internal affairs!!!)
In a passing
I have no health condition. I’m not injured. I’m not sick. I just like food. I like it a lot. Food, food, food. It’s all I think about half the time. I think about how I will cook it, I think about the way it looks, I think about what seasonings I could add, how much fat is in it. I think about the fudgy brownie seeping with syrup and sugar hot beneath a scoop of Haagen-Dazs vanilla ice cream – more creamy than it is icy – and chopped walnuts on top. I think about the fresh ground organic peanut butter that spills out of that glorious machine at Whole Foods.
Step 1: Take the dough out of the refrigerator and let it warm-up to room temperature or at least until it is soft and pliable.
* Heather Mills – good milk supply, but possibly a little sour?
Richard Barnbrook:Will
Today I have a special treat for you.
The paint job would certainly not be what we would choose, but it is different! Sunday found us at the College of the Desert Street Fair, held every weekend. Donald's sisters found some good licorice and a couple of items, and it looks like we may be going back with them before they leave for the frozen north. Speaking of which, is not very frozen this year. Our nephew in Calgary was out painting trim on his house a couple of days ago.
Veronica wakes up in hospital. She hit her head at the morgue and was taken to hospital. She had concussion. She became so distressed she had to be sedated. They keep her in for a few days under observation. The police visit her. Details emerge about Sarah’s death. She was sexually assaulted, beaten and tortured before her throat was slit. The police have no leads. Veronica is distraught when she reads a newspaper article about Sarah’s death in the hospital canteen. They release her from hospital. She gets a taxi home. The empty house upsets her. Her husband’s at work. She goes to Sarah’s room. She becomes upset. She lies on her daughter’s bed and starts crying.
His muses have so far included, among others, Hollywood actress Mary Miles Minter, American photographer Tina Barney, the character Candice Marie from the Mike Leigh film, Nuts In May, Carrie-era Sissy Spacek, disgraced Olympic ice skater Tonya Harding, John Waters' actress Mink Stole, the legendary Helena Rubinstein, collector and more Gertrude Stein, artist Cindy Sherman, singer Nina Simone and even Jensen's own Auntie Jytte, an ardent lover of fashion in the 1970s who ran a chip shop and taxi company in Nuuk, Greenland.
Scarlett Johansson, who reprises her role as Black Widow in this Friday's Marvel's The Avengers, was honored in Los Angeles with her own star on the Hollywood walk of fame. While the ceremony represents a culmination of well over a decade of cinematic work, several of Johansson's Marvel Universe co-stars were there to cheer her on, including Jeremy Renner and Clark Gregg!
Gold Bond Ultimate Body Wash $1/1
9. The groom forgot the bride’s name
Perusing the web this morning, I came across an article at Roanoke.com that's worth checking out. By discussing topics such as the merits of aging beer, style definitions, or food pairing, it elevates the image of the beverage as a whole. Granted, this article's nothing that would knock the socks off your average beer aficionado by any means, but it's still refreshing to see this kind of dignified approach to appreciating beer.
Optimism.
To walk in the gutter with a bottle of wine.
Every year I have a slight (read: HUGE. MASSIVE. EPIC.) hissy fit trying to get the perfect photo for our holiday cards. I don't know why, it's just what I do.
In those brief days Abbey seemed to pour her life story to him, but didn’t get much in return. How could she not open up to him? Sloan was devastatingly sexy, charming, charismatic – if he weren’t gay he would be a man she would die for. And to prove his trust in her he gave her a key to his home despite the silent protests from the men he associated himself with.
Emily ran into her mother's arms, as they sat there together on the floor feeling the sadness at their aloneness this Christmas.
“I know I can do this.”
Sitched with DMC Threads on 32 ct. Bayleaf
Where the UK argues for the retention of a nuclear weapons facility in order to play with the big boys on the world stage, Scotland revolts against the inhumanity of them. Where the UK political slant is that we need to be a nuclear power in order to retain our permanent member position in the UN Security Council, Scotland’s political viewpoint is, generally, more geared towards working productively with a larger number of other nations for the greater good, and taking our turn at doing the work in the Security Council when it comes round – more a cooperation in world affairs than the desire to rule them that seems to be the UK position – a position which Dean Acheson perhaps measured accurately. Internationalism rather than imperialism, perhaps?
Like the man of reason that I am, I listened, nodding occasionally, feigning interest in what she was saying. There was no way I was going to let her go swimming with that Wexler boy. He was not getting in my little girl’s pants.
3) At the end of the Month, I will email all participates a list of Birthdays for the upcoming month. You can either chose one or all to send a card to along with your well wishes and if you can include a dollar, that is great.
As expected, Hywel R Jones provides a detailed account of the “Doctor’s relationship with the British Evangelical Council” in Unity in Truth14 which is a collection of addresses given by Lloyd-Jones in BEC sponsored meetings between 1967-1979. This is a valuable introduction which throws light on the “Doctor’s thinking on the subject of unity as well as his decision to involve himself in the work and witness of the BEC”. One paragraph is reproduced here because of its helpful reference to the now famous 1966 address:
Its not about the money or the value of the items, its about the violation of our family, and about the idea that someone would be as callous as to steal from a child, right off of someone’s front step, in the middle of the day. Its about the fact that in the three years we have lived in this neighbourhood, we have never felt unsafe, never worried about leaving our son’s toys out, or decorating the front step for holidays. We never thought that things would be taken.
Pevan nodded, and a Gateway appeared on the wall. They stepped through and out under a bridge. In front of them the canal surface rippled with rain. Rel knew where they were - still a good mile and a half from the Sherim.
At Elmwood Country Club
Boehner told reporters there “never was an agreement” with the White House on a grand bargain.
That teem like an ocean
turn my face aside.
“My initial thought was Chapas should have kept him in the end zone,” Ball said. “After asking Chapas about it, he felt like it being a line-drive kick, that threw things off. There was some dynamics there where he had to make some decisions, but Chapas has done it for a couple of years, so I trust him.
I want her to acknowledge that what she did to me was wrong.
And barley, and spelt roasted twice in the flames.’
Clairol/Olay/Covergirl $5 gift card wyb 3; Natural Instincts hair color, Olay facial skin care, Covergirl cosmetics @ Target
Judd went in first. He couldn't get in the door, but he threw a rock into the window and climbed through. There was a man lying in the bed. He was unmarked, but his eyes were sunken and his body lay rigid and desiccated under the sheets. Judd went through the room and into the living space where he opened up the door to let the girls in.
♥ 1/2 teaspoon salt
I would love it if you would wanna be my follower.
The holiday season is here, and here she is not
One year later, I consider myself to be a much more well-rounded and professional person than I was in college. It is hard to believe so much time has passed, but I would not change a single moment or decision for anything.
If you don’t like alcohol, at least be honest about the reason why
Usage – My school friends often engage in jocund teasing.
allowing and unfolding
As long as we’re in the EU, I have very little control over immigration policies.
“I had placed my turkey decoy in a field in front of me and then positioned myself in some cover,” said Robinson, 39, who lives in Edmunds Township, near Dennysville. “It was about 10 minutes after dawn, and right beside me was a short, thick spruce tree that had grown so thick you couldn’t see through it. That coyote came up the edge of the field and was one side of that tree, with me on the other.
2) Remember to post a piccy of my Candy in your sidebar and link back to me.
-Moby Dick (447)
Mr. Azz: "Maybe you didn't hear me. I said I want to be seen TODAY! So give me an appointment!"
The Blue Jays have not allowed a run since the fifth inning of Wednesday’s 11-5 victory over Texas — a span of 22 innings. Toronto also has won four consecutive games and six of its past seven dating back to April 28.
Ok, so it’s not bad and the Bank building in the shot rather than the castle is different but it’s not the shot I wanted, not the best of nights.
I’m sure there are some very fine people in the FDA, and when abstracted from the bureaucratic tangle that now engulfs what they do in relation to pharma, there are some noble goals about protecting patient health, etc., etc. But when the only deliverable is a process of considering a process to arrive at a decision-making process about reviewing possible preliminary guidance that may or may not be relevant by the time it sees the light of day, well, I’m sorry, but that has nothing to do with human health. It does, however, have everything to do with opportunity cost – the years and man-hours wasted only hold back the ability of industry and patients to get at useful ways to communicate. That’s what makes me so frustrated. The very folks charged with making sure that the right folks get the right message about the right medicines are prescribing beta-blockers when we need eyeglasses.
Author: Enrico Bonadio (University of Abertay Dundee)
Philip V. Calcagno, 57, New York, N.Y.
Band count: 7
Third: Eat 6small meals instead of 3large meals. Your metabolism will not suffer from peaks and lows, allowing more energy throughout the day and higher fat burning.
There are two general problems with online passes. First of all, the consumer has done nothing wrong. As consumers, the gamer is responsible for purchasing the game, rather than pirating it. Publishers should be taking out their frustrations with the retailer. When retailers sell used games, they keep 100% of the income. Furthermore, used game sales have continued to rise over the past few years. It is simply wrong to place the blame on the consumer, as they have already taken the moral route of purchasing the game in the first place.
I love my Mom, but too much of her is not a good thing, so hopefully these two weeks will go by fast and my Mom and I will get along just fine. All together it should take about 6 weeks for me to completely heal, but I think I am only going to take off 2-3 weeks at work because of the oh so lovely Disability benefits taking about three weeks to even process I will be already back to work before I get my first check from them, but hopefully everything will be fine and I wont be in too much pain to work by then,
All the family is spread out this evening on activities. #1 son is a groomsman in his cousin's wedding and is at the rehearsal tonight, daughter is with her b-friend's family as they get ready for his college graduation tomorrow, d-in-love is dog sitting for daughter tonight.
7. Rise to a sitting position saying “Allahu Akbar.”
For those of you who are not familiar with the show, I will warn you now that
The sound and the light show were likely caused by a meteor that entered Earth’s atmosphere, astronomers said.
It is not to late to join in-all you are asked to do is post on one Irish Short Story this week and leave me a comment so I can include it in the master post I will do next week.
Robert Fitzpatrick was certainly comfortable getting on board when he talked to reporters on May 13.
I learned through experience and on the job training. I wanted to be able to convey the basics then build lessons for more complex studio images. The book became somewhat of challenge but once I started it shaped up nicely.
We would like to ask you to join us tomorrow.
Swinton was given access to Elder Monson's daily journals, and to his counselors in the First Presidency and members of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles. These men, with him, are responsible for the leadership of the entire Church. The book contains personal insights from each of them.
The meaning of the term Metrosexual is very simple and clear; It comes from Metropolis and Heterosexual, thus metro-sexual, and it means a metropolitan man whose attributes are similar to those of a homosexual man. For example; they like to shop for the latest trend in fashion; they like to get manicure and pedicure; they like to shave not only facial hair but any other hairy spot in their bodies… etc. This being said, Leonardo Dicaprio does not necessarily fall under the metrosexual category, nor does Pitt or Cruise, despite what others may think. I think that, when it comes to a celebrity it would be somewhat confusing, since they have the need to look good (even when they don’t at times) and this relates to their profession and social status (somewhat), not their life style. They can be a total different person, and dress very different off cameras.
And this...
They are children. They just want to play. And they’ll play, learn and develop along the lines of whatever we give them.
Reading other books in your field to keep up
These little Square Bags are so perfect for any tiny gift that you might have to wrap and it's so fun to customize them for the person you are giving too!
I graduated High School on the East coast.. so I did spend a fair amount time on the Jersey /Delaware shore.
Petunia was given to me in May 2009 to raise after she was separated from her mother. She's now 2 years old and has her own baby born around May 27th, 2011. Petunia is semi-wild, meaning that she still visits me, allows me to touch her, eats corn from my hand, and, if given the opportunity, will "clean" my arms and hands. She treats me as her mother and at certain times of the year will visit my cabin daily. Other times, usually fall and winter, I might not see her for a week or two at a time.
CITIZEN/CITY/STATE: The citizen, city and state should be entered the same as the parents
When technique and tools disappear, leaving only our work in full flow, our consciousness is altered and we carry the wonder of that experience for days. The problem is that in wishing for a recurrence, we’ll skew it just by trying for it.
“You hid the truth. Same thing.”
In darkness, still, I do recline
I am writing this blog for several reasons.
Because everything dies, baby.
1 inch
He added, "This matrix that we find ourselves in now is totally untenable, especially since the pensions of ordinary citizens are at stake. Government has misled the public. We believe that this might possibly be one of the biggest post-democratic era scandals to date. I will raise this matter at the next possible opportunity at Parliament, as the taxpayer deserves answers on this matter," concluded Singh.
The card is 4 1/4 by 4 1/4. The heart is from Wall Decor and More. I can't remember where the stamp is from (sorry). I (of course) used gel pens for the stitching and some twine. I used some homemade foam 'pop dots' for added dimension to the heart.
explain_bite: dog has not bitten a human that I know of
E______ woke Dad... "What a pleasant surprise!' Dad recognized E____ immediately, hugging him and telling him how good it was to see him. They went out on the patio and had a nice visit.
The kids go out, enjoy, play, and good is showered upon them: Superland Water Park, Bowling, movies, shows, t-shirts, hats, new sleeping bags, and lots of other surprises. All is being subsidized by the Jewish Agency comes with its approval: The best deal in town! Free! No Pay! May every day of the year be like these. Kids don’t need to be in or see war, and I am at peace with what we are doing. However, in parallel, they are working in the department on evacuating entire families from the city by means of all different projects which have come under the Jewish Agency’s subsidies – some with families who will host them, and some through rich capitalists like Arcadi Gaidamak. It is an entire enterprise, a well-oiled machine whose product is transferring people from place to place. When I asked one of the workers in the department what he thought about all of these people running away from the city, and why he is working in it, while at the same time staying in the city himself, what about the contradiction there? He simply answered, “To help the people out of the city, I am paid 2-3 times what I normally get.” So if that’s the logic, I have already passed the point of sucker, and become simply an unidentifiable element, something from an encyclopedia. My friends today, real “friends-at-arms,” are basically the greatest enemies of my way of thinking. So I’m not angry at them, and I certainly do not feel un-needed; only a little bit alone and disappointed. Because in the fire and booms, what scares me the most, is the internal, not the external, threat.
out of the teensy gel cups I
Mr Mogan leaves behind his mother, his wife and four children (aged 9, 7 and 5 years and 2.5 months). We extend our condolences to Mr Mogan’s family.
The second was our accommodation. I can’t remember quite what happened but we left it a bit late and the place we had in mind was booked out. We lucked our way in to a reasonably priced suite quite close though…in the same hotel as the neighbors. So it worked out but early prep in this regard is important if you don’t want to either; pay top dollar or have to travel early in the morning along with the other 80,000 people.
My buddy Joe must have figured out something, but I don't know or at least I don't remember if he ever said anything. Joe gave me the book Victims No Longer. I didn't want to read it at first but I started and that's when I understood that he was a pedophile. I knew the word before then, but I didn't know that's how it was. I thought they only went for kids who were four or five years old. I was sixteen.
Here’s some news that’ll be of interest to anybody with a foreign spouse. Okay, I’ll admit I’m doing this because I got tired of yelling at the papers this morning and need to vent. Consider yourself warned.
The day she would ask the heartbreaking question, “Why?”
It's been dark for so long. You don't even know what time it is anymore; your alternator is shot, and the clock is buzzing 88:88.
her favorite one to grow
Debt Offering 15
While there have been other Marley documentaries, this one in particular seems to have captured the imagination of fans and the attention of mainstream media (the venerable New York Times had a decent piece that included quotes from the Macdonald, as well as Marley's family members.)
It snowed the day he arrived. I knew it would. I don’t know how or why I knew, but I just did. Like most kids who grew up on the beaches of Australia’s East Coast, I have a thing for snow. The rare sight of it transforms me into a giddy child.
Part of me is right.
turn over into a glass dish and serve immediately
Jen's 1st birthday party is tonight. Today is her actual birthday (Happy Birthday, Jen) and we are having a Girl's Night/Bruins party tonight at Grace's house. Tomorrow is a family party. It will be a joint Tommy/Jennifer birthday since their birthdays are close.
It's one of the few things I make from memory. When Ben and I started dating, he would make me a lot of tacos when we were just hanging out at his house. I expected them to be the crunchy shell kind because that's what I had growing up, but they were always just corn tortilla warmed up with fillings. I learned to love tacos in warmed up corn tortillas, but I am partial to the crunchy shell kind when it comes to ground turkey tacos. According to Ben, those crunchy shells aren't authentic Mexican food.
The man nicknamed “Million Dollar,” Anthony Crolla walked out of his dressing room in Oldham Sports Centre to the late Whitney Houston’s “Million Dollar Bill” track, only after the challenger, Derry Mathews walked out of his dressing room and into the ring mouthing the lyrics of his walk out track “Take Care” by Drake & Rihanna.
It is not just about the war-time miracles being narrated; generally, the existence and survival of Israel is heavily attributed to a god’s miracle, conveniently ignoring the backing of foreign powers. There is an entire movie that discusses how the State of Israel was created against all odds; people of Jewish origin adopted it and with god on their side they turned the region “with 80% of desert, into the food and flower exporting country”. Maybe it is a way to absolve themselves of the atrocities they commit against the helpless population.
2x Emancipation Angel
Our test today was pretty difficult, I thought. Some parts I breezed through but there were a few questions that I stayed stuck on for a while and I’m pretty sure I did wrong. I think I still need some practice with the venn deiagrams, especially the union and intersections of venn diagrams.
ROFL! I almost wrote that, but I figured no one would have a clue what I meant! Hee hee hee European Vacation and we say that ALL the time!
I had an 8x10 canvas in my stash that I covered with some shabby paper by Little Black Dress and then went to my scraps and pulled out some coordinating pieces. Layered them on the canvas w/ Mod Podge.
For just a little bit, it's been great to be in the majority.
There is a very funny song about pheasants......if you can sing it without getting the words mixed, you are doing very well. Here it is.
There's always a risk that a book that you've clammered and begged for to review will fall flat and so after a lot of fuss I found myself starting to read Nothing just a little cautiously. I needn't have worried. I won't claim to have been hooked from the first page but from a small number in when Pierre Anthon packs his bag, leaves the classroom and the gaping door behind him smiles - that's where I was hooked.
In 1961, Mouskouri performed the soundtrack of a German documentary about Greece. This resulted in the German-language single Weiße Rosen aus Athen (“White Roses from Athens”). The song was originally adapted from a folk melody by Hadjidakis. It became a success, selling over a million copies in Germany. The song was later translated into several different languages and it went on to become one of Mouskouri’s signature tunes.
You Only Live Once (US…Fritz Lang)
South Africa had to learn from other countries when it came to protecting state information.
Buyer reviews & ratings of Arnold and Son: Hornet Worldtimer Men’s Watch, 1H6AS.B05A.C79F (Stainless Steel Case / Black Dial / Black Leather Strap) are available from the merchant’s website, check it by click on the link below.
It is, however, a beautiful day, and traffic's quite light, and we make it there in only 4.5 hours, traveling largely at or near the speed limit. I actually got some editing done while Cathy drove in Connecticut. By the time we got there, though, we were getting a bit peckish. We first thought about going to Legal Sea Food for chowder -- I've never been, and it's a place you should probably go at some time -- but decided it was out of the way, and Thomas recalled The Daily Catch, a little Sicilian seafood place in Brookline that he and I had chanced upon last year (we were on our way to Soul Fire for a barbeque dinner when we realized it was Friday in Lent...and there was The Daily Catch right across the street from our epiphany, so we went in and greatly enjoyed it), so we went there.
Put the yolks and sugar in a larger bowl and using your whisk blend together, but not until they are pale and thick.
Also, it would be a slight financial savings as well.
Moms are more likely to log into their kids’ Facebook accounts than dads, 49% to 39%. And 72% of parents say their kids have accepted their friend requests. (The Tyee)
Am I forcing the relationship with my pushy insistence on friendship and a spirit of fraternity, instead of letting it develop naturally?
Goldstein, who had volunteered his time and lived off savings, last July became a paid consultant, without benefits, working out of his condo in a footprint building otherwise owned by Forest City Ratner. Payments to him have not yet been reported, but he told me they're consistent with previous consultant payments.
Blend the egg yolk mixture at top speed for 2 seconds then, with the blender running, remove the cover and pour in the hot butter in a thin stream of droplets. By the time two-thirds of the butter has been added, the sauce will be a thick cream. Continue pouring, but don't pour in the milky residue at the bottom of the pan. Taste and adjust seasonings.
11/11 it’s east coast to the west coast for Seattle. They have 2 weeks to prepare for this, and we all know what people say about that west coast trip for eastern time zone teams; it ain’t easy. I’ll say it right now, no excuse to lose this game.
In my pre-motherhood, road warrior days with the hubby, one of our favorite haunts was the Runza fast food chain in Nebraska. He would get a burger and onion rings but I always ordered a Mushroom and Swiss Runza with the cauliflower-cheese soup.
It was my perfect break
I am writing to display a beautiful new pair of children’s wings! These wings were made specially on commission for a young girl who expressed very frankly that she loves pink. Her 3rd birthday was last week, apparently, and these wings are in honor of that occasion.
2 cups hot water
The first beautiful thing that happened to my life was when God decided that you shall become my "nanay."
Mother’s Day is coming up this weekend and all over our country, mothers are being celebrated. My mother gave me up when I was very small and then I had foster moms for several years. After that, I settled in with a full time mom until I grew up, married and became a mom, myself. Over the years, I’ve known lots of moms. Does that qualify me to write intelligently about them? I don’t know.
And if the Taliban or Muslims in general think that when they die they go to heaven are they not thinking that when they kill the people they are killing will not also be there ?
Of course, other common words for immigrants, unauthorized or not, are "customers," "employees," even "small business owners," and for the most part the Texas business community, at least, believes we need more of all of those. Imagine the economic impact if tomorrow all the nativists' fantasies were fulfilled and Texas suddenly had 1.6 million fewer consumers.
Luckily, he is only one MP against hundreds in Parliament. Imagine if he had been elected as the Police Commissioner.
Tenma's sleeping position that I like the most. Seeing her in this position, I have to use all might and willpower to restrain myself from holding her or patting her that will wake her up.
Seems that even without seasons, there are seasons. Many parts of the world have some kind of ritual surrounding this moment in time. Even astronomers and astrologers calibrate equipment and measurements on the Vernal Equinox. My ancestors built enormous bonfires and got ripped to the gills to celebrate, which I find a rather attractive way to observe this moment.
The guilt set in right before he said he changed his mind and he only wanted to do it every Sunday night.
