I was going to add a ‘reason to be’, or for you fancy Francophile hipsters raison d’etre but you really don’t need a reason to hang around and do stuff with people, at least I never have. This whole thought process is probably some sort of psychological reaction prompted by the culture clash a good old country boy like me gets when he comes to the city. I’m probably threatened by all the buildings and dirty air and people, and foreign people and foreign cars and foreign basketballers. Is that a word? I don’t know. Damn foreigners. I trust most of them around here, because very few have moustaches, especially the women. That said, I’m determined to make this last, and form a kickass gang society in the Great Lakes and bust that unwanted flab faster than you can say 49.99!
Working clean makes you a better cook. It increases your focus. Your plating is cleaner. Your mise is always in order. And it's so easy. Have you tried it? A commitment to take that extra second to wipe down after you do something? Keeping your squeeze bottles dry? Changing out the baine water your spoons sit in? Washing down whenever things get too dirty to wipe up with a towel?
1 pound ground beef
I've made this triple chocolate mousse cake many times already, so I thought it would be a breeze to make in Hello Kitty form, but from the very first step my cake ran into complications! My first mistake - for the bottom layer, I baked an 8-inch cake using my favorite chocolate cake recipe from Ina Garten. I wanted to use the same technique I used for my Hello Kitty tiramisu cake, by cutting out and fitting the cake into a Hello Kitty shaped mold. But after the cake was baked and cooled, I went to cut out my Hello Kitty shape, and realized that the cake was too small - I should have used my 9-inch cake pan! Doh!
An irrational fear would be something like being scared of something under the bed. Or for spiders. Or for open spaces. It really has no basis in a concrete threat to your person.
In this episode Eric Taylor (Kyle Chandler) has just taken over the reins of a powerhouse football school and the expectations are insanely high. It’s basically a win or go home situation almost and the pressure is easy to see as the episode continues. I went to high school in Oklahoma and I’ve seen that kind of fanaticism about high school football. It’s something I’ll never quite understand and the portrayal of how Coach Taylor handles the pressure as well as how boosters and parents act in that atmosphere was spot on in my opinion. Luckily for Coach Taylor the Dillon Panthers win their first game of the season so the pressure eases just a little bit. Unfortunately, his star quarterback, Jason Street (Scott Porter), suffers a major injury at the end of the game.
Perhaps it is the same as a policeman taking witness statements after a bank robbery. Often the witness statements vary so much that it is almost impossible to to get a real picture of what the criminals looked like. But the witnesses will probably be able to tell if one of the bank robbers was violent or spoke aggressively.
It has medicinal properties as well. In years gone by it was used to help cure the common cold. It has also been used as a diuretic. It is also being used in the studies of cancer. It has been known to kill certain bacterial strains.
Mom taught me how to sew when I was in second grade. One of my first projects was a t-shirt. Another project was a big stuffed whale. Mom had to help me with the zipper…the mouth had zipper lips to open and close it. I was delighted when she made the mistake of sewing the zipper in backwards (the zipper pull was towards the inside of the mouth). My part of the sewing was perfect…the biggest error was Mom’s.
I have seen them all. And I have felt them all. And if you ask me about the fear I fear the most, it is the one of facing the truth. All our lives, we keep running for the truth, chasing it, acknowledging it, begging for its revelation. One feels that the truth shall set the self free. I say that there’s nothing which enslaves more than the truth. Accepting the truth means the end of hope, the end of the journey. But if you keep running away fearing the truth, you become too easy a prey to the evil of living a lie. I tried walking the on delicate rope of the middle path, but somewhere down the line, the boundaries have been washed in the mist. And I fear if the path I am on will take me to the future or some place in the past. Or will it take me back to where I started from in the first place?
Armor saves (extra)
The snow on the ground began to slither away. It slid in an enormous avalanche which grew and grew over the edge of the world … oh no! oh no!
So, to recap, these are the things I have learned along the way:
Now, please don't think this is me bigging myself up but don't you think this is a question that should have been asked by others by now?! (I'm not including Pete on this BTW, he was commenting on how he thinks the beer's market position falls between two stools and I think he's right given the brand's 4.8% ABV, Stella 4 & its other 4-something per cent stable mates like Beck's Vier.)
So, for me, Mother's Day is a special day to celebrate the dream that I am living, as Jackson's and Addison's mom. I don't know exactly what I will do that day, but I can assure you it will be spent with my miracles. So, I ask you, what does Mother's Day mean to you?
Many of the books I loved as a child disappoint me when I go back to read them now. That's not necessarily a fault of the books; it can simply be a matter of intended audience. It always surprises and delights me when books do stand the test of time; especially the test of growing up.
"Interesting, you use the word 'cool'...I suppose I'm not au fait with the current British lingo anymore"
“The concentration of heavy metal, the concentration of mine residue in Sudbury sludge is way higher than it would be (elsewhere),” Gelinas said.
Nice dark amber color. Smells like a lot of malt. A nice caramel flavor and maybe some nutmeg. Cathy thought it was very earthy and grainy in its bitter finish, but not too bitter. The malt and hops combo is pretty smooth here. All in all it is a very drinkable beer.
Before I get to the point of this post, I'd also like to say that I don't think the words purity, modesty, virginity or morality have any valuable definition. Morality, purity and modesty are completely subjective - they change over time and depending on geographic location and culture. They mean something different to every person and every religion and I don't feel like they have any place in a conversation about sexuality or virginity. I don't think 'pure' or 'impure' is any way to define what we choose to do with our bodies, and I won't do it. I don't feel like virginity has any value by itself, either, but that's kind of the point of this entire post.
Negative Feedback – a wrong answer results in negative feedback, with no chance for the child to retry, and no supportive feedback to help them arrive a the correct answer. Just a simple verbal prompt such as “Count all the slices” or “That is too big” can help children to realise their error. Also, the animations for the negative feedback are quite entertaining and I know of at least one little boy (who shall remain nameless) who would prefer to sink the boat than get the correct answer in the Simple Fractions activity. This is where adult supervision and feedback are important. Where these things are lacking, we can step in and offer that feedback and support ourselves.
A memorabilia collector and self-styled expert on presidential history pleaded guilty Tuesday to conspiring to steal thousands of documents signed by leaders throughout U.S. history.
To complete the set, I made seals for the envelopes. I stamped the Bonus image from the 1-3/4" and 2-5/16" Oval Stamper (JB-08648) with Walnut Stain Distress ink on Natural cardstock and embossed with clear embossing powder. I colored with Copic markers and ran through my Xyron to add adhesive to the back. I punched the seals out from the cardstock from dog tag EK Success punch. I repeated this same process with a few different types of sentiments that can be added to the inside of the card (Thanks, Hello, Hi, etc.).
It saddens me to think that virtually nothing has changed for the better in US foreign policy since Carl Oglesby spoke on the Mall that day. America’s wars are ongoing, perpetual, eternal. And the current war monger in the White House is regarded by many as a liberal, for whatever that’s worth.
It seems a fitting epitaph.
It is a small secret, true, but some would give anything to steal even that. A secret is a detail, and here in the late December, a detail is as precious as a true name.
Ian Brighthope, M.D. (Australia)
Damage to oceans could cost trillions
Bake for 30-40 minutes. The center should be solid and the crust and top should have a light golden brown color to them. Once it’s done, let it sit out to cool or a few minutes before you dig in and enjoy. Quiche tastes great at any temperature so this is a wonderful dish to make ahead for a party or for a nice brunch the following morning.
Sometimes I watch movie trailers to get my head in the right space for enticing brevity. Sometimes they just end up being cautionary tales. I just watched this one, for one of my favorite gangster movies:
Biblography 20 pages; Notes 11 pages; Indices 7 pages
“Greatest country on earth” my butt!! America WAS the greatest nation on earth. Back when Americans had values, morals, and pride. Now, all I see is my generation getting wasted and not remember what the heck happened between Thursday night and Sunday. Girls my age are popping out kids left and right. People my age are more worried about relationships and getting married (that 50% will fail) than getting an education and planning a future. The education system itself is crap. I could go on and on about the problems I see when I take a step back and look at America today compared to just twenty years ago.
Aki: You know. Have birds.
This was Albuquerque.
Cool - look. You can use this laser thingy for
We had had a longish day, by the time we were up, made some phone calls, taken daddy’s broken phone into the repair shop and had lunch it was time to collect said phone, then get the bus to Stoke-on-Trent, if anybody has been there, lives there, then you know the Hartshill bank is exercise in itself.
I am always lookout for healthy and easy recipes.That too i need to sneak the vegetables.I find Pulav and parathas comes to rescue.I love to try different types in both.
Chilli Paste to taste
That part of me could do with a slap, I know, but he does have a point. We all love a good villain, but nothing connects with readers quite like a sympathetic character struggling with true-life adversity.
foundation garments
The dotted dark mauve backing paper is from Swedish Maja Design's Let's Have Coffee collection and the rest is from Australian Meg's Garden that I have written about so often of late. They are the January sponsors over at The Color Room.
Controls: 9/10- LADX still handles pretty well on a 3DS, and thanks to the overhead view that now allows Link to move in any direction, as opposed to the rigid four cardinal directions in the original NES game, controlling Link with the Circle Pad is just as viable as controlling him with the Control Pad. Personally, I still prefer moving him with the Control Pad, but that’s just me. It can be a little hard on your hands to have to keep hitting the massively squished in, padded Start button on the 3DS due to how often LADX necessitates you pulling up your inventory and rearranging your items, but that’s really the only minor issue with the controls moving themselves to the 3DS. You still assign all of your items to either the A or B buttons, which are placed in the same fashion as they were on a Game Boy and Game Boy Color, so the controls have really changed very little, even if the eShop download is on immensely different hardware now!
We spent one day 4wding and Kristy lost one of her personalised number plates in a croc infested river (there are crocs in the rivers but rangers work hard to make sure there are none in the water holes - unlike kakadu where they don't like you to swim anywhere. I had been so traumatised from all the croc warning signs that I didn't even feel safe in the caravan park pool at kakadu).
One of my favorite things...going to the library, and now that we've moved, I've got new library branches to explore!! Whee!!
Twenty years ago or so, I was given a copy of the FASA strategy game Succession Wars. It’s basically Axis & Allies, but in the Battletech universe and with a less confusing ruleset. I think. I don’t know for sure because I have never gotten anybody to play it with me. This is not the only game I own that is in this category. I can lump in the FASA games Centurion, Leviathan, and Aerotech. I own a copy of Junta I’ve played twice and a copy of Diplomacy I’ve never actually used (the only games of Diplomacy I play occur via e-mail or online). That list isn’t even counting the RPGs I’ve bought but never actually run (including ones I wrote myself), the multiplayer video games I’ve never actually played with another human being.
i wish on this day especially that we had made our way off the boat earlier, because we just ran out of time to see what we wanted to see.
Other than that, the week was filled with delicious foods, amazing music, family and friends, and endless laughter. I can easily see myself repeatedly going back. This is by far one of my favorite festivals I’ve ever experienced.
MIPTV Cannes 2012 Who’s coming to MIPTV
When – 31 March-12 August
For Barbara Hall it's about self-preservation and self-interest and that's what this is all about. Immigrants don't come to Canada to "contribute" to the country, they come to enrich themselves from Canada's bounty. It's pure selfishness and any social benefits that spring forth from this selfishness is just an unintended consequence. When gathered under the banner of "community" this concentrated self-interest makes demands on the host society with the goal of extracting economic and political power unto itself with the hopes that this surrendered power will trickle down to the individual and advance his or her ambitions (which is what is clearly at work in the linked article). Repeat this many times across the nation to reflect each "community" and you have yourself an unified, dissatisfied, ungovernable body politic.
y era porque sacaba su
I recently attended a class on symbols and codes at OSTARA (our local occult shoppe) given by Jon Ouromboros, High Priestess of the Butler Family Tradition. Over the next week or, I will share some of the information learned at this class.
Disconnecting is like trying on new shoes.
So papa, here is our fav breakfast, sunny side up (bulls eye as we call it in India) as much as we both love it, mum and sis run away from it. Never mind, wish you were here with me over a cup of tea, fav food, loud music and endless talk I miss you!. You are our hero, our strength, our hope and THE one who we always look up in Life. We love you! Happy Pop's day!
Having sold over 100 million albums worldwide over the course of their career, they are one of the most successful duo’s in Music History.
Which got me thinking - how about the literary version? What if instead of music you had to choose books to take with you?
And on friday night after having dinner and drinks with my tutor and tutor group (yes I know) I went to a friend's house party which was a weird experience, not knowing anyone. May have involved a dodgy guy sidling up to me and offering me a ziplock bag filled with equally dodgy substances. A few days later, I bumped into said dodgy guy while shopping at the local Woolies. Very awkward.
I did not have enough black pom pom trim for the second table runner. I had to settle for the white.
Since those John Smith’s ads there’s been nowt that you could say has even come close to reaching those heights. Zilch. Nuffink. Nada. Not a sausage.
1. Season Four – I would love to see another show pull off a long form arc as successfully
Right now, I’m writing contemporary women’s fiction heavy on the romance. I want my characters to grow through the situations I torture them with but also want them to feel it was worth it in the end. I cringed when romance showed up as a big part of my writing, thinking I was “above” that. Guess I’m not, because I love writing it.
HAURI AM, UPHOFF H, GUSSMANN V, GAWRICH S. Factors that affect influenza vaccine uptake among staff of long-term care facilities. Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol 2006; 27: 638-641;
He predicted that anarchists ultimately headed to Chicago would riot in Cleveland for a week, “then everyone will leave and downtown Cleveland will ‘be a pile of rubble and ashes,’ as anarchists in every major city in the country will ultimately be ‘rioting and destroying each city,’” the criminal complaint said.
I did decent on eating, but learned that I am definitely a people pleaser. I didn't stand up for myself assertively in a situation today and it led to me struggling quite a bit this evening. I am so thankful that I made those meal plans, as I was able to stick to it for dinner, and not cave in to my cravings due to me not wanting to decide on dinner. I've learned that too many choices, is no bueno for me. I need NO choices or as few as possible. So I do think that the plan I made for eating is going to work very well. I'm also working on having a few "contingency plans" in a note on my phone. Basically, a few fast food places, the one or two things that are healthier there, and calorie counts for them, plus calorie counts for the "bad" things I want at those, to keep me from wanting those. lol Since we are out and about so much, or on road trips, etc, I want to make sure I'm prepared for the event that we'd need to stop somewhere.
6. For the few outfits you will bring, make sure all the colors match, so you can wear any top and bottom together. Or just wear dresses.
I was born in the late 80s, I’m assuming that game has changed a lot since then. How do I know this? I know that teenagers are now growing up with cell phones, I know that smart phones have completely revolutionised the way we contact and interact with each other. I can’t even imagine growing up in a time where you had to write someone a letter to communicate with them! I can’t imagine having to call the home phone, and if they weren’t home then you had to wait for them to call you back. We live in a world of now. With all the social media available, iPhones and Blackberrys, there is really no reason why you can’t respond immediately to someone. This is both a blessing and a curse. People can see if you have read their BBMs, and that sends a clear message that you are ignoring them. If you message someone and they don’t respond, and you keep messaging – you have just earned yourself creepy stalker status (and earned yourself a place on my DNA list).
Ok, can I tell you?
now that my housework and kitchen work finished for a bit..i am going to stitch..
20. Pretreat diapers in their pail with baking soda. This will keep odors from becoming overpowering between washings.
Since I was already going to go through the process, I found a couple other items I could use for my project. Like a random aqua vase I've had since highschool and a bottle of wine I polished off the night before.
Saturday night we had the opportunity to dine at El Ideas again with two friends. It was AWESOME. Not one dish that I did not like. And the presentation, every dish was beautiful. After dinner we had a "few" more cocktails and ended up getting home well past my bedtime. Great food and wine with good friends equates to an excellent Saturday night.
I've managed to make it over twice to what is supposed to be the newest Texas Brewpub, Billy's Brew and Que. They do have gleamming brew tanks over looking the dining room, but no fresh on-site beer to serve the people looking at them. Since these tanks have taunted me twice, I thought I'd save the rest of you a trip until the brew is ready.
What do you feel is the single most detrimental thing an entrepreneur could do to destroy his/her career?
Tom: “You are and I don’t want to change that.”
TFL! Joanne x
Biotin is not always included among B complex supplements. The numbers that appear to have been skipped were found to be duplicate substances or non-vitamins. The four unnumbered components of the B complex that can be synthesized by the body are choline, inositol, PABA, and lipoic acid.
Finally, do you want to strangle people who call you a ‘folk’ artist or are you cool with the term?
1. Throw (some HUMANS would say ‘waste’) our nuke on the crappiest baseship there is fighting us.
This understanding has both a symbolic and a literal value: we understand the story in wholly contemporary terms, in how incest, for instance, can be passed down from generation to generation, the parent visiting on the child his or her own suffering; and we also understand it as myth, as a representation of something larger than it is. This dislocatedness is why it is, at times, very funny indeed. Some of its most powerful moments are when these double recognitions, which weave a complementary dance through the show, suddenly unite into a single breathtaking image.
“Walk into the light.”
General John W. Handy, USAF (Ret.)
Similarly in Acts 5:29,
MMOs can take additional training courses to become a PAM Operator. A PAM Operator is someone who is proficient in PAM equipment and testing. He or she might also be an MMO or may work alongside an MMO. In the UK, MMOs must pass a JNCC training course. In the US, a PSO must take a training course recognized by BOEM.
I can't give credit for these words. I wish I could. In fact, until I found the original picture, I'd even forgotten that I found it in a library, I'd thought I'd found it framed on the wall in a hospital.
following 0 people
Friday and Saturday were both busy from dawn to bedtime … a special lunch with a dear friend, sorting through bags and closets of my Daddy’s clothes, time spent with family, and some relaxing in front of the TV watching movies and special events that Mom recorded for me. The weather was exceptional all weekend, allowing me to slip on the flip flops and capris for the first time this year.
etc, etc but it gets harder and harder every day when every effort we
I have long lamented the complacency that defines my generation. Having grown up in the sunlight of the Clinton administration, when the economy reached unprecedented highs and pop culture was defined by irony and apathy, kids my age never seemed to have a defining issue around which to convene, let alone any impetus to rebel. During the long slog that was the Bush regime, there were some brief flashes of discontent, but even these settled down once it became clear that the war wasn't going to end just because a few protestors camped out in Crawford. It took an unapologetically liberal, half-African senator from Illinois to finally galvanize the youth base, and in doing so, he rejuvenated the electorate as a whole. The presidential election of 2008 often resembled a bad sitcom, with every week providing more absurd late night material, but Barack Obama's relentless adherence to his message of hope remained a stalwart rallying point for millions of disillusioned Americans. His epic sweep into the history books proved definitively that times had changed, and that the morning in America which Reagan had promised might finally come to pass.
I know I've wasted too much time
The rear seats do fold in a 60/40 arrangement allowing for good load flexibility, bicycles and snowboards will have no problem fitting inside. With the seats up there is 484.2 liters of space in the hatch area, which should be more than enough room for day to day items, or runs to the grocery store.
Aside from my crazy job in the office, I am also an online freelance writer. I’ve been working as such since 2007, about the time that I was so cash-strapped I took on any job just to earn extra income. During the day I worked as a researcher for the armed forces, at night I taught English to Koreans via phone lessons. Then I also wrote papers for lazy students, who would rather pay than think, from the material and the virtual worlds.
Southern Tier Unearthly IPA
Well I set off planning to post my first serious hour effort since way back in 1994 when I recall doing one with av split 1.45 and thinking then I would never do one again. Damn I have been lured into this mad World of further pain and suffering. So not long after I started I was sitting on 1.38's and feeling pretty good. Got to the 20min mark and started to question why I would be even doing this. By the 30min mark my back side was killing me and I was starting to see 1.40 splits and probably not long after this I started to struggle. The grind had begun and even a moments pause when I thought I would stop but yet kept moving and realised the pain in my rear end was going to be the limiting factor. I recall seeing 27min left on the display I saying to myself it was my choice. The load of the stationary ergo felt heavy and yet I was trying to keep the rate alive and around 26-28 stroke per minute. Now this was no record attempt just a personal test. As my heart rate started touching the 170's I was content to manage my effort while my right glut muscle was screaming stop.
You can only update your Google contact list via PC because the mobile browsers just won’t let you do that. Unless you know the trick, please teach me that (wiggling a tail)!
This was not a creative post. See if you can one up me in the comments.
Jim Daniels – Punching Out
For your viewing pleasure I present to you some Vietnamese dishes below. The first and last dishes I personally made so expect a recipe post in the near future!
There's still heavy debate about the cause. There were definitely huge crazy volcanoes unlike any seen before...the "Siberian Traps". It wasn't so much a single volcanic explosion from a mountain as it was a giant fissure in the crust of the Earth...lava just oozed from the gash for upwards of a million years, paving over most of what is now current-day Siberia with basalt. That kind of event would release massive, massive amounts of CO2 in the air and easily kill off lots o' life.
Why has Ms Newton been receiving checks from the Govt? In what capacity? Why is her address listed as the Office of the Prime Minister?
“Elles” a French film about student prostitution was released 3 days ago. It is the creation of feminist film director, Malgorzata Szumowska who attempts to stamp out western attitudes to prostitution, and instead of constructing repressed women forced into sex work, Szumowska tells us that sex is a commodity, bought and sold in ways that go beyond traditional prostitution. Instead it is the suburban housewife who is trapped, trapped in a marriage where sex is sold for her domesticity, and the student prostitutes are the ones who are ultimately freed by their unashamed sexual liberty.
Knowing that you’re a voting citizen of the United States, and that you have access to vast stores of accurate information, I look at your letter to President Obama, and I fear for my country. Someone noted the old saw that the only thing necessary for evil to succeed is for good people to do nothing. On that basis, I cannot let your cynical claims go uncorrected where they err, and unrebutted.
The interesting point about this decision is that the court does not support this finding by arguing that a certain amount of punitive damages would be fair in order to achieve a discouraging effect as one might have expected. Rather, the court’s (and maybe the plaintiff’s) argument is entirely based on fairness arguments in line with Art. 13 lit. b of Directive 2004/48/EC.
God spreads His protection over us. It’s like cuddling up with a warm blanket on a cold winter’s day. God blesses us when we call out to Him and surrounds us with His shield. His shield is our amour for the day. We begin our new day with protection. Secrets; who needs to listen secret-bearers? We can shout the good news of joy from the highest rooftops. Begin your new day with a big bowl of hope!
Hi i hope you are all alright and are having a lovely weekend.
He DID NOT sexually abuse young boys
That the 24 elders are wearing white robes/outer garments is not that significant for angels are also said to be wearing bright white garments because they are righteous (John 20:12; Acts 1:10).
21. The Trial in the Dust - People's Favorite Magazine Oct 25
Tonight and tomorrow night, Jewish families and friends in the United States and around the world will gather for Seders to commemorate the Exodus from Egypt and the triumph of hope and perseverance over injustice and oppression. For most Jewish families, the Passover meal is full traditions passed down through the generations like the maror, or bitter herbs, which symbolize the bitterness of slavery in Egypt or the matzoh, unleavened bread, which recalls the haste with which the Israelites left Egypt – giving them no time to allow their bread to rise.
And waited to hear the thoughts
Earlier this month, Barry was forced to apologize after an election night screed in which he referred to Asian-owned businesses in Ward 8 “as dirty.”
At BeyondWater we’re just going to keep on keeping on. No big surprises, exaggerated promises or saying stuff we’re not going to keep to.
"Why don't we do it in the road..."
"For the passports. The application forms."
My 2nd skein was a little under-spun compared to the first so I ran it through the wheel again. It’s still in soaking but I’m hopefull I have enough for a small shawlette between the two skeins.
20% graded cheese
My name is Kai. My real name is Kim Jongin.
With Gwen, Rex and Esther trapped on both sides of the Atlantic, it's a race against time as Jack goes straight to the heart of the conspiracy, as Russell T Davies's series continues.
babies born when they first got here.
4) has society’s definition of mental illness changed (i.e. people who were once classified as “eccentric” are now being labelled as mentally ill), or
This week I thanked my husband for 8 blissful years of marriage. He was so annoyed.
"I Am a Rock" by Simon & Garfunkel
That dam, piss-taking stupid cloud!
ICE Chief in South Florida Charged in Child-Porn Case
Outlook launched in 2008 in Petrcane, a rustic little fishing village on the Croatian coast. In 2009 they took over a beach-front Superclub in Novalja on the Island of Pag. The festival’s second year was larger and livelier than the first, but they continued to search for an even more spectacular location.
The verdict? Oh! My! Goodness! Susan! Put down the fork and step away from the tart!! I swear I could have eaten half of it in one sitting. The crust is crisp, and buttery and tender and just delicious! The chocolate filling is like silk in your mouth. Wonderfully creamy and smooth and rich. The raspberries almost melt when you bite into them and the tartness of each berry is perfection when paired with the chocolate. After I took my pictures I scarfed down the slice on the plate and then began eyeballing the rest of the tart. It was only with the greatest use of willpower was I able to put down the fork. The hubby? He said he'd rather eat the carrot cake! Can you imagine?!?! If you read my post about the carrot cake I made over the weekend you will realize the impact of that statement . He'd rather eat the carrot cake. Hey, that's absolutely fine with this girl!
6.Cardamon Powder : 1tsp
You found someone to co-market with and now you need a business to design the postcard, flier and/or banner? Check out http://yourlifeinprint.weebly.com
I misunderstood my son. He didn't have to sing a song from the movie. He just had to wear a costume and/or bring in a prop and talk about the musical from the chosen character's point of view, using that character's mannerisms, and speech patterns. Whew. He did his presentation today and didn't vomit or pass out. Life is good!
Opening to WIP
Thoughts: 2010 was a great year for running. I am thrilled about the goals I have achieved and I learned a lot from being injured. I am so happy and grateful to be running again.
Her white head-cover now exchanged for a black one,
He’s dangerous! He’s a dangerous, God-killing, thunderbolting eyeballed criminal!
To make a short story excruciatingly long, the Enterprise leaves the solar system in a dazzling disco light show to confront V’Ger. They are attacked by blue balls, something I assume Decker can especially relate to. The attack lets Chekov get his third line of the movie--a scream of pain as he gets burned by one of the blue balls. Ilea oddly aits util the medical staff arrives to inform everyone she can heal his wound. So the fact she is celibate is in her official records, but her healing power is not. You have to wonder about Starfleet’s priorities. Itdoes not matter, since she gets killed by the next blue ball attack. We hardly knew ye, other than you never put out.
Pinky Brown Beetle Juice
Earlier this month I received a letter from a long-time friend of mine, whom I’ll refer to as D. In it he expressed an exceptional amount of gratitude and praise for The Dad Connection, as well as glimpses into his own experience with fatherhood. I am increasingly moved by those who have found some truth in my book in addition to some relation to their own journeys. It is interactions like this that make the writing process feel like a success. I hope you find this letter as meaningful as I have.
asks us to base our poem on the title of a film.
Here are some BTS (Behind the scenes) shots of my setup. This first shot shows the strobe below and behind with the red gel. I also placed a piece of thin nylon fabric to diffuse the light by about 2 stops.The background is the the left in this image. That reflector was placed on the right of the subject to help reflect more light but also to keep it somewhat diffused. For the table I just set my glass on 2 overturned children chairs which the correct height I was after.
Had a long week? What can be better than to relax Friday night in a cool venue, great food, and great live music?
When I met my ex-fiance, O, the relationship was already doomed to fail although I didn’t come to realise that until many years later. Throughout past relationships, my behaviour had developed into a seething cluster of resentment, mistrust and paranoia which ruined everything I came into contact with, and my tendency to fall for men who would take advantage of me had given me an incredibly skewed view on love. I believed equally in the great love story and the cruelty of men, hoping for the first but inevitably finding the other.
These flowers were originally in smaller pots that had come from the greenhouse. By midsummer they were not doing well and needed more room to flourish. Therefore, I transplanted them into two BIG pots. Just as I was finishing this task and moving the wagon to the exact spot I wanted, it tipped over, crushing the plants with all of the potting soil. Needless to say, I was not a happy girl. Once again I replanted the mess, making sure that the wagon was already where I wanted it this time!! See, I learned something!! ;-) After much fertilizer, water and some tender loving care the result has been worth the view!!...
So it was to be expected when the Pharisees derided Nicodemus by saying: “You are not from Galilee also, are you? Look and see that no prophet arises from Galilee.” (John 7:52b)
She cried.
3. visited the Little Mermaid – which is a lot smaller than you think. Even took a picture there with Lalita and Alexa to put up for Photo Friday. We wore Rochester shirts. =)
I was just attracted to the design of the horses, being somewhat unusual. I was told their short tails are typical of T’ang Horses.
this quilt was finished thanks to:
Yesterday, I received bad news and the
Tempo Runs are your Friend
White denim walking shorts (knee-length). They fit great and will be a nice alternate to jeans on a casual Friday or on the weekend.
Solomon MHR Damian Hale said there was still enough room in the centre.
c) Get a chance to have a shag with someone who cares a jot whether their...shagee... got smooth legs (yes, well, I'll just draw a veil over that particular issue)
1:00 max air squats- 40
The class selection system offers up a lot of diversity, with 8 classes to choose from in total.
New York, NY - Almost every time I’m interviewed by a mainstream journalist about Occupy Wall Street I get some variation of the same lecture:
Additional service add-ons offered:
A big shout out of GOOD LUCK to my cousin Jim who is running a 1/2 marathon tomorrow for the Drake Relays!!! Sending happy feet vibes to you!!!
Likewise in Italian the parallel term has never suffered the fate of the English "undertaker." The word is "impresario," from the noun "impresa," which equally tranlsates "enterprise" or "undertaking." The phrase is "impresario di pompe funebri." "Impresa," depending on context, can mean "firm," "business," or "exploit." Impresario on its own refers to a theatre manager / producer, one who is responsible for funding and executing the theatrical season, a term originally used in the world of opera. Thomas Hewitt Key, in his 1898 work Philological Essays, noted that the related verb, "imprendere," also has the sense "to learn," and argues that the prefix ("im") is connected, via a Greek preposition, with the particle "up."
balanced on a tightwire,
& there's nothing here that says, Heaven
The ganache, after sitting around for about ten hours, was rich, dark, and spreadable. So good that I didn't want to use it all for frosting the cake--after baking all day, I deserved to lick the bowl, right? The caramel flavor was subtle. I wouldn't have minded a little less subtlety, but it was very good.
So...tired of cleaning the poor oven, covered in soot and little flecks of black, sticky, greasy, dear Goddess will this come off or do I have a strange new tattoo on my hand...I decided it was time to see if Bob the Wonder Computer and the Kodak had made up.
I am really liking all our new "habits!"
Jesus calmed the storm at the right time. So will He do so in these times, in 2012.
It just gets old.
I used a Butterfly Meadows Papercraft toppers.
And, so, I took the kiddos to church. For real! Wonder Boy generally attends church with his grandparents, but they are out of the country right now, so it seemed logical to take him there and see how Her Majesty would handle it.
If women believe and think they’re powerful, basically, and men think that they’re useless, our world starts to look a whole lot more matriarchal than ever before. It would be hasty to say that we’re on a fast train headed in that direction, considering the male-female wage gap and the lopsided gender make-up of politics, corporations and decision-makers in pretty much every significant sphere in American life. But we are in the midst of dealing with some significant changes that have deep emotional ramifications.This is true even if we don’t think we’ll be married — the inferiority thing shifts even how we relate as men and women to each other in workplaces, in sacred spaces and as friends.
So I wrote my post about a Garden... and started it overnight, like I do many of these posts. I scheduled it to post the next day, June 1, 2010.
Prior to the opening of Quotidian Theatre Company’s next play, Brian Friel’s Irish drama Dancing at Lughnasa, several actors in the cast are writing here about various experiences they have during the rehearsal process. All previous posts can be found here.
“Well that is not my problem.”
Upon arrival in Palma, and having walked the 7 ½ miles from the gate to the main terminal (at least that’s how far it seemed), we exited the airport to catch the bus. We were very near the bus stop when I saw the bus begin to pull away from the curb. I started running, wheelie bag trailing behind, waving to catch the bus driver’s attention. Sweetheart that he was, he waved back, then kept on driving.
Just let me check the CK website--
I wish all of them never come back or ever call.
My sister's boyfriend: Don't you need arm candy for this event?
the underlying elements deciding on the shape of regulation – innovation, economic development, agriculture, human rights, animal welfare, the conservation of resources, and equal trading conditions; the continuing applicability of trade marks, geographical indications, copyright, and trade secrets; patentability rules and exclusions; the extension of patent rights over progeny; the meaning of ‘essentially biotechnological processes’; the legal definitions of ‘morality’ and ‘ordre public’ in the context of animal welfare; and the future of international patent law in the context of global governance theories.
Our day began at 9:00 am when Joe and I left Noah with my sister Beckie and headed to Missouri Baptist Hospital for an induction, the day after Lucy's due date. We'd been hoping for labor to start on its own, especially since I was trying for a VBAC, but when her due date came and went, we decided it was probably better to induce sooner than later so she'd not grow "too big" , seeing that I was gestationally diabetic. So we headed in on the morning of April 12 and got settled into a lovely corner room. And we waited. Waited. Waited. Finally, at about 11 am, they started my Pitocin drip at the lowest number, promising to only increase it by a point every hour.
white wine vinegar
7. "Pearl of the Quarter" – 3:50
Nadya
I smile again and put my arm around her shoulders. Then I fold up the coat and put it into the bottom of a drawer.
Social networking on Facebook, Twitter etc.
Well, Doctor Who Confidential has helped new Doctor Who fans out with understanding the show; most New Who fans I know told me that DWC helped them understand what all the fuss was about. It's also helped a lot of people decide what they want to do at college. Not many shows have an influence like this on people, it's so much more than being just about Doctor Who it's grown and developed into so much more than that and that is why it has lasted until now. But Confidential was evolving into interesting areas and reaching out to schools with the Script to Screen competition. Not many shows can say they do the same or care about people the way confidential have. This is the kind of shows that we should have on our TV screens: informative and entertaining.
or that apple bottom Apple Tree,
The content of the exhibition is updated constantly with new items from the television series to ensure it is ever changing offering fans the chance to get up close to the incredible sets, costumes and props that feature in their favourite show. New items to be shown to the public for the first time in Cardiff include the Doctor’s cradle seen in A Good Man Goes to War; the Silence spaceship and Matt Smith’s sonic cane from Let’s Kill Hitler with many more items being kept under wraps until the doors open on 20th July.
i'm not really sure why.
Was Rawlings successful? The fact that the Constitution actually prevented Rawlings from running again might be a measure of that success. Ghana is still poor. It is staggering, like many developing countries, under a lot of debt.
Oh it's TIME baby. Our good friend Ronnie Crocker over at Beer, TX blog put out a great article about how so many brewers are upping the ante on alcohol.
If anyone else has further suggestions for improvements in the interpretation of the skull of Herrerasaurus, please contact me directly and please provide evidence for your position. Mortimer found a crack, but overlooked the big picture, perhaps hoping that the illumination of one mistake would make the rest of my interpretation fall like a house of cards. That never works and it always makes the perp look bad. So, let’s get this thing right together – without animosity.
I have never thought much about stress fractures, they were something that happened to other people who weren’t paying attention and pushing too hard. I’ve never broken a bone and always been strong so it simply was not something I was looking for and I had no warning. I did not feel tired on that run, I did not feel like my form was off. I had no soreness anywhere. Nothing physically told me I as over doing it. When I felt the pop in my foot, it felt like a spring "sprung," it really wasn't painful at all, just very strange. At that moment I stopped running and my foot began to feel a bit tender, but on a scale of 1-10 it was only a 2. After a minute or so of walking, I tried running again and it didn't feel any worse so I just slowly finished the last couple of minutes back to my hotel. The next day my foot was sore, but after another couple of days it was no longer tender to walk on and I could jog in circles around my house without pain so I went for a short run. Everything was fine for about 15 minutes and then it suddenly became VERY sore. It actually hurt worse to walk than to run so I turned around and ran back to my car. After that the level of soreness did not waiver. I could not walk, let alone run, so I knew I had really done something this time and went to see a doctor.
Some of the children hadn’t realised that I really did run; they looked at me with semi-scorn beforehand, not wanting to believe it. Afterwards some of them were incredulous that I’d run 35 laps. Some congratulated me with a pat on the back! Actually I was secretly pretty pleased with myself too. I’d arranged to run alongside a seasoned runner, a friend who is SO encouraging of my efforts that I was delighted to run with him. George has been a runner for as long as I’ve known him. It’s a standing joke that George wears some garish get ups and runs with headband and sunglasses regardless of the weather. He gives every race his all and can be heard puffing tothe finish line before he is seen, much to the concern of his wife! Before the holiday I’d joked with Linda, his wife, that we should coordinate headbands only to be presented with a special headband on Wednesday morning! George is my anti-Jack pill. George was ‘fresh’ from the Rock and Roll Half in Edinburgh the weekend before but that didn’t seem to slow his pace. He had a steady pace and I kept up with him for most of the way, stopping only for a swig of juice and two short walks. I ended up just one lap behind him and as he is a 50 minute 10ker that was good enough for me.
A lot of new infatuations did occur (Blue Note record label - see earlier Secret Museum /Horse Fly), but certainly the biggest was a 100 CD collection that I stumbled upon from the German Membran Label. Every jazz song that charted from 1917 to 1954 was included on this epic compilation of old Ragtime, Swing and Jazz tunes. Detailed liner notes helped bring the music of Fletcher Henderson, Benny Goodman, and hundreds of others back to life. We are now quite a bit away from the original 1935 – 1940 explosion of the Swing Band era, but all I can say is that current bands like Arcade Fire and Maroon 5 forced me into cannon balling toward the past for new kicks. The biggest disappointment has to have been the recent cd from Hobbs, New Mexico native Ryan Bingham titled “Junky Star”. He was on an upward flight after releasing “Roadhouse Sun”, and sharing a Grammy for his song in the movie “Crazy Heart”, but this was a step in the wrong direction. He abandoned his slashing rock band sound, for a mostly dull collection of late night campfire songs that could only be recommended as a sleep aid.
understanding!
GAME OF THRONES (HBO)
Initiating sex, or just random makeout sessions, in new places is another way for you to be in charge. The grocery store may not be the sexiest place on the planet, but a carefully placed stroke or kiss can let him know that you’re the one who decides when it’s sexy time.
The very existence of such an organization as the U.N., which is to unite all the governments of the world, is a sign of our times. The speeches and propaganda of the U.N. are filled with chiliastic ideas, vaguely based on Christianity but without Christian dogmas: it strives for permanent world peace, no more wars – which of course is possible only if human nature changes and becomes different from what it is now. St. Paul spoke of one of the signs of the end: “The day of the Lord will come like a thief in the night. For when people will say,’There is peace and security,’ then sudden destruction will come upon them” (1 Thes. 5:2-3). Never has there been more talk of “peace and security” than today. One of the chief organs of the U.N. is the Security Council, and organizations for “world peace” are everywhere. It men do achieve finally a semblance of “peace and security,” it would seem to contemporary man to be a state like heaven on earth – a millennium. The practical way to do this is to unite all governments under one. For the first time in history such a ideal becomes a possible goal of practical politics – a world ruler is conceivable now. For the first time, the Antichrist becomes an historical possibility.
Speaking of Dennis Rodman, my basketball career came to an abrubt end, just when my love of female clothing was on the rise. Running up and down the court, purposely avoiding the basketball was not beneficial to my team. Fuck. I was in middle school and I was desperate to hide my homosexuality with sports (because hanging out with only girls and listening to Britney Spears…didn’t…give that away?). What. the fuck. was I to do?
This was not a good week. I had no motivation what so ever to exercise. I took a quick walk 1 day and that was my only exercise all week. I also started celebrating my birthday a few days early so when I weighed in Friday I was up 1 lb. I gotta kick it into high gear this coming week!!
I see angels on Ariels in leather and chrome,
The label die is from Spellbinders: Fancy Tags 2.
‘ofa atu.
1 coda
Charity shop depots or sorting stations with attached stores are often a fantastic resource aswell, as they act as a channel for a bigger catchment area and thus increase your chances. These are often located on the outskirts of cities and town and are a pain to get to but definitely worth it. There is an amazing collection depot in Sydney's Summer Hill where I have found a mountain of amazing things and never hesitate to treck out there when I visit Sydney.
The place, Nazi Germany. The time, 1936. He calls it the stench of genocide in the making.
1 pineapple (canned or fresh)
0091: learning to let go
It’s a thought provoking read – with a lot to say about throw-away society and the decay of our surroundings.
I am the last gift of the living to the dead;
You should make sure the publishers include this: it's vitally important to keep your copyright if you possibly can. It should always be possible with fiction, though if you are writing for a series sold into schools you might have to argue.
Let us love one another as we journey along.
1 Tablespoon vanilla extract
When Helen's boyfriend, Tom Stephens (Hugh Marlowe), plans a day-trip getaway for the two of them, Klaatu offers to take care of Bobby. Bobby takes Klaatu on a tour of the city, including a visit to his father's grave in Arlington National Cemetery, where Klaatu learns with dismay that most of those buried there were killed in wars. The two next visit the Lincoln Memorial and the heavily-guarded spaceship, where Gort stands motionlessly on guard. Klaatu, impressed by the inscription of Abraham Lincoln's Gettysburg Address, is hopeful that Earth may harbor people wise enough to understand his message. When he asks Bobby to name the greatest person in the world today, Bobby mentions a leading American scientist, Professor Barnhardt (Sam Jaffe), who lives nearby. Bobby takes Klaatu to Barnhardt's home. The professor is absent; Klaatu goes into his study and helps solve an advanced mathematical n-body problem written on a blackboard, before leaving his address with the housekeeper.
If you will recall from our study on worship, known as The Joshua Project, we learned that God has laid out a formula for calling His own into worshiping Him. The formula is simply this: if we will come to know the attributes of God, and also acknowledge those attributes in our lives, then God will produce the actions in us that equal true worship.
After spending a couple days trying to figure out a way to fudge it, I finally broke down and called Carri at Coldwater Yarn (one of the only places that I could find online that still sells the kits), and boy, I'm glad I did. I explained the problem and, even though I hadn't purchased the original kit from her, she was still more than happy to help me. Along with the "Spring Fling" refill kit that I ordered (one more baby to knit for), she sent me some of the border color I ran out of. Anticipating how different dye lots can be, she sent two little balls so that I could see which one matched better. She didn't even charge me for them.
Now the fun part! Those of you that have been reading for a while know we really eschew the use of pictures due to the X-Fit apes limited scope and knowledge of actually reading something. Follow along if you like or email/comment if you have questions.
This stage of my life consisted of lots of strange, you could also say obsessive, habits. I’d eat two crunchy kashi bars everyday- one with my cup of coffee that I ventured out to get around 2 o clock and the other at night before bed (except for weekend nights). I did the same workout everyday. Lots of cardio machines. I had to be slightly insane to keep that boring nonsense up for so long. I can’t recall what I had for breakfast but assuredly it was the same thing everyday. I wrote my calorie intake down before I’d go to bed every night. If it was over 2000 kcal I’d make note and go way under the next day.
The call came from my head of department at Edge Hill. They had been approached by Radio Lancashire who, prompted by the publication of Tony Blair's memoirs, wanted to talk to someone about Life Writing. Well, as that's the creative writing subject I teach for EH, they came to me. The idea was to give the listeners some ideas on the role of life writing - biographies and memoirs in particular - and also what they should think about if they were going to write their own.
You could leave out the jalapenos and
We sat quietly for a while watching the people and when I looked at Clara she was dozing. I closed my eyes for a time and when I opened them Clara was still not awake. I caught the aide’s eyes and pointed to my wrist to see what time it was. It was already 3:00. I thought
*It is a well-established fact that if you don’t keep an eye on cats, they will sit on your chest and steal your breath while you sleep. LOOK IT UP, SHEEPLE!
F) Sustainability reporting is stuck in a bit of a time warp and is not moving on much beyond websites and PDFs.
Hey everybody. Just wanted to drop in and ask everyone to PLEASE follow my other blog. I'm wanting to get started with a life, shopping, fashion, bbw type blog.. A Day in the Life of a Shopaholic, Glamour Goddess
Let's say Parisian guys are usually well-dressed, curious and quite open-minded, but they're so self-centered it's a pain in the ass. And I'm not sure they know how to behave with women, too. No offense, buddies !
In truth, I did not learn a lot more than was in Julian's excellent Liberal Democrat Voice article from this morning. But the tone was a lot less fraught than in the last such call, when the party's powers that be seemed intent on defending the Home Office position.
I ACCEPT THE PRESENT AS REALITY AND TAKE ACTION ACCORDINGLY
Summer House Trellis – Tenia
I will apologize in advance if this post is a little random at times, I am in lots of pain and had to take a strong cocodamol (paracetemol and codeine) and I am still hurting “insert sad face”.
If you find me at home means everything was meaningless and we were defeated.Even if nobody cares.
2009 Patek Philippe Nautilus Watches Fit All Fashion-Conscious Women’s Favor
(Maya Jane Coles Remix)
In my opinion, in terms of getting played on my iPad, this is the order of most rewatchable:
Hurray for Mayday! If not for this special holiday, we would not have achieved so many things for the wedding!
Latest Latma Salam Fayyad & PA Cabinet Opposed Web Censorship, Could Do Nothing to Stop It Yuval Diskin held talks with Hamas’ Meshaal? Brain-Dead Occupy Wall Streeter Of The Day The Middle East Media Sampler 5/4/2012 Media Whitewashing Radical Islamists Anne Bayefsky: Obama Foreign Policy Mess in China Was Years In-the-Making Obama’s kind of Jew IDF’s Lt. Col. Shalom Eisner Will Stay In The Army Saudi women’s only village bans “indecently dressed” and “tomboys” New York Times coverage of Israel: What Comes After Ridiculously Biased? Barry Rubin: New York Times coverage of Israel: What Comes After Ridiculously Biased? The PLO’s “acceptance” of two states, 1977 Reaction To Release Of Jewish Terrorist Sabbath music video
Mark Krause
Instant espresso powder- 2 tsp per cup (1 tsp if you don't want it too strong)
8 power
The last part of the ceremony was to honor the Ghede lwas and the ancestors. This section was opened by one of the dancers who was married to Baron Samedi. She presented him with a bottle of liquor, which she opened, took into her mouth, and then sprayed over the alter three times. What followed then was another hour or so of crazy lascivious dancing (fully clothed). Near the end of the Ghede section, all of us took turns approaching the altar and leaving offerings for our ancestors. We were encouraged to make requests from them at that time. I left a purple candle for my beloved Puck, requesting his further assistance in my Vodou studies. I know he would assist me regardless of the offering or the request, but it is always nice to ask and show appreciation. And I do so appreciate him–he played and continues to play a large role in my Vodou exploration.
Mint & Ginger Haddock
always dancing
- Goal #3: 26 weeks gestation (Monday)
To prevent the dinos from looking like the Lock Ness Monster, I also piped yellow spikes along the dinos' backs and tail. I thought the end result was cute, but kind of looked like dragons instead of dinosaurs!
So in an earlier post I was talking about Evangelyne and how she was potty training this week. She has done excellent. But she had a little accident today. I hear her yell at me and I walk into the bathroom and see the huge turd laying on the floor in front of the toilet, and she was sitting on the toilet!! I said, "Evangelyne what...how...how did you do that?" She says, "I was done going pee pee and when I got up it just fell out!" I was DYING!! I did take a photo of it and then posted it on my facebook page. People were just roaring over this picture, it was so gross but it was unbelievable that you just couldn't stop looking at the darn thing!! I eventually took it down because I started to feel bad posting a photo of my daughters poo for all to see but it is definately one "I will never be able to forget!" LOL
I am glad that there is no age limit in the Kingdom of God. We need to see that we will not be put out to pasture when we reach a certain age. God can and does use anyone who is willing – no matter their age, background, or weaknesses.
According to scientists, the disappointing numbers could be linked to changes in the animals’ northern feeding grounds brought on by water that is warmer but also less salty because of melting Arctic sea ice.
This morning while dropping Colin off at his place I spotted this next to his dumpster, and I couldn't pass it by. I mean it was so lonely.
Others were not as fortunate. The Times attributed at least one death to the storm and over a dozen concussions from flying debris, messenger boys and seamstresses blown into windows or railings or hit by signs or dislodged cornices. One man, waiting for his wife at St. Patrick's Cathedral, had his neck slashed by flying glass. Where physical harm was avoided, humiliation took its place. A society woman on Riverside Drive, wearing "superabundantly costly furs," was picked up and thrown into a horse.
Misty Gonzalez, a CMU student who attended “That Sl*t Asked for it, Right?” said it was an eye-opening experience. “I didn’t realize that what I say has a lot more meaning than what I’m putting toward it,” said Gonzalez. She said she learned that watching what we say is extremely important because of what some language implies. “The way we view women is definitely negative,” Gonzalez said, “it’s a lot different than the way we view men who do the same exact things.”
Oh, something I have learned from being so sick, besides patience, long suffering, and enduring to the end is-----never--------NEVER----------never--------- ever ever ever everrrrrrrrrrrr drink two glass fulls of cranberry juice on an empty stomach---where you haven't really eaten much in over a couple days. Just don't do it.
You’re amazing!
“Michael! A Nikon D3100 Digital SLR Camera! How exciting! I can’t wait to figure out how to use it! You thought of this all by yourself?”
They’re doing more to aid the afflicted than anyone else - I have my reservations about some of these groups but Kristof is absolutely right: they’re putting their money and effort where my mouth is - good for them.
Chuck
I'll have an assorment of goodies to share ... from earrings to Potpourri ... so it should be fun.
If you are one of our readers, we would also be delighted if you would add to our party by writing a post about what YOU love about art and use the linky below to join in. But even if you don't, we hope you will receive the gifts this party offers. Many of us believe that the very individuals who are tucked in and among the bloggers/artists in this collection will be the next wave of inspiration in the world of creativity. They will be offering wisdom for the spirit and a good amount of eye candy, so get ready for a charge to both body and soul.
Ressurrection Graves
it makes me think to myself: how do people get it all done? and who are these superheroes who work full-time, volunteer, have babies, have friends, etc, etc…
1 oz. of giant squid sepia
HOMOSEXUALITY & PEDOHILIA
Have you ever lived
Population Constant.
PM: 1:32, 2500' ~ Green Mt.
We came back to the room so Brielle could nap and then decided to try out a park. Ugh! It was not fun! Not because the park wasn't pretty, but it is so so humid here! (For my family- remember a few years ago when we went to Disney at the end of June? It's that sticky gross humid!) Brielle loves her daddy but when we are out walking, she only wants mommy to carry her. We took the subway-- which was probably a 10 minute walk from our hotel to reach the station. There were tons of hills and a gazillion steps inside the park. We were worn out, sweaty, and ready for dinner! We made it back to the walking street, ate dinner, and savored a slushee from a Seven-Eleven. Brielle made a sour face with her first sip but then kept on slurping! I was so tired that I just decided to crash with Brielle instead of blogging last night...sorry! :)
I would suggest to you that you should be searching for the lessons that life has to teach you. They are everywhere – in simple everyday situations. In your interactions at the gas station, in the music you listen to, in the way our politicians conduct themselves, in the way CNN and FOX News presents the evening news, and in the messages our religious leaders send to us.
This is their story.
It’s difficult to choose just one from Mr. Earle, but this is my favorite track from his 2004 release The Revolution Starts Now. This song begs the question- Would George Bush have sent either of his two young daughters to fight in Iraq?
My typewriter looks back at me.
This gorgeous image is called "Bride and Groom" and is available HERE in Mo's online store. So . . . back to Bingo . . . Pearls, check! Flowers, check! Dry embossing, not so much! I actually applied embossing powder (hey, wait a sec, that was DRY! . . . OK, so I think I'm still OK!). As I was saying, I applied Boss Gloss and Dry Opaque White Embossing Powder to some gorgeous metal filigree corners from Wild Orchid Crafts. Then I took my heat tool to the corners. And, VOILA! White, ceramic-looking corners! Here's a peek at the inside . . .
One little wrinkle that has been sneaked through is that duties are being increased each year by the RPI (plus the 2% “escalator”), while pensions and benefits are only uprated by the generally lower CPI figure. The result of this is that duties will steadily outpace the incomes of poorer people. It seems that the government choose whichever figure they get the best deal from.
We painted the coop the other day and it is looking pretty great. We have to attach some chicken wire to the cracks and put in the door, ramp, and locks. We’re still trolling craigslist for cheep posts we can use for fencing a yard for our girls, but considering they have 5 more weeks before they can go outside full-time we’re holding out for a good deal. It literally pains me to spend money.
Teachers have not had a contract since 2009. The Madison Education Association last week cut teacher pay by 10 percent and made it retroactive to the start of the current school year. Teachers union leaders say that is illegal and are filing a lawsuit.
With this, I think, we have something we could reasonably call a “New Testament confession.” On Monday, I’ll compare this confession with my proposal, “Jesus Christ, the Lord, is risen,” and see what changes need to be made to which confession, and why.
"I was in pain. I had to mute the audio, I couldn't listen, it was so painful."
Sorry for the recent break in transmission. There were some problems with the blog and the website last week, caused by those pesky Goblins - the news of a proposed Goblins movie brought so many extra visitors to both sites that the servers couldn't cope and they crashed. Huge thanks to Ian Forster at Graphic Alchemy and Andrew Southon at Lamp Web Design for sorting it all out; as far as I can tell from this end, things are now running normally again.
Like a snake shedding its skin, we must release the skins of the past and trust that we are growing new skins from within. Trust is the key word along with a sense of surrender to the larger cycles of the natural world that we are a part of.
discontent.
Bonus: Jim Sinclair writes that the "implications of China paying for Iranian oil in gold is the most important event in the modern history of gold".
Rolling up the sleeves, I’ll offer my first two gripes here with Direct POD. Sometimes, it’s all in the name. I’ve no idea why a printer and book manufacturer offering traditional offset and digital printing would choose to name the company with a reference to POD (print on demand), when this is only one aspect of what the company offer. Perhaps it is intended as a more general reference to their ability to offer a speedy print service. Fair enough, but I don’t get it. Secondly, Direct POD provides a free Self-Publishing Guide. That’s great, and many printers who have developed into the author solutions field offer such guides. What I don’t like is that a perspective customer has to ring up and request one. Would it not make far more sense for Direct POD to make this guide available as a downloadable PDF file so a customer could read it in their own leisure and then directly (excuse the double entendre) contact Direct POD? Thereby, smoothing out the initial process of direct contact and placing the author on a more informed platform in regards to what they want and what Direct POD provide. Bear with me, like the brief mention of ISBN’s earlier, I will also return to a theme developing here.
San Francisco’s past and present mayors, Gavin Newsom and Ed Lee, and California Attorney General Kamala D. Harris greeted the President on the tarmac. He then made his way over to the corral of invited guests. Time started to stand still. Secret Service scanned the crowd with intense stares (it was apparent they took their jobs very seriously), but Obama looked cool and calm as he genuinely engaged everyone. He moved slowly down the line. Our good friend Bernard Antolin (editor-in-chief of Acquiremag.com) dodged the hand shake and opted for the fist-bump. Classic.
Lie about a major disaster that hasn't happened to you. How many mothers can you afford to kill off in the course of your career? Besides, now everything is transparent and you don't know who knows whom. You tell your editor you have to go to your mother's funeral and it's clear from Facebook you're shopping in Oxford Street. Your editor may not be your Facebook friend, but their flatmate/partner/parent/child/friend might be: 'My poor author, Stroppy, can't deliver because her mum died'. 'Oh, it says on her Facebook page she's going on a picnic with her daughters.'/'Oh, I know Stroppy - I'll send her a card.' See what I mean?
The only link to the Facebook page, was from this Norway v. Breivik :: Uncensored blog. The only people who have objected to the first page supporting Anders Breivik receiving a free and fair trial, were members of the English and Norwegian Defense League.
As, for the topic of todays post;
Today the sun stood still in declination; today the world only slivered before the coming of the night; today tonight rushed forth in happy ecstasy; today, or now, dawn is nearly here.
Rel glanced at the lip of the ledge. Was it safe to walk on? A more frightening thought surfaced. If he put any distance between himself and Rissad... "How do I know you're not just going to Gate me out of here?"
You can stream "Blunderbuss" in full in the player below.
FYI: for those who don't know....our house is exactly one block behind (North of) my folks' house. Our back yards practically face each other (kind of, in a kiddy-corner kind of way).
Because every time we kiss you send me into bliss
Also am slightly amused that the SNP leaflet instructing SNP voters to give their first preference to McVey and their second preference to Munn does seem to have influenced the SNP vote… and meant Munn lost.
In this, then, we can already see the seeds of where Nathan-Turner’s efforts to soapify Doctor Who fails. The ability to build these character moments is based on the long-term consistency of characters - on the fact that Annie and Hilda are behaving in line with over a decade of previous stories. But Nathan-Turner never really pays the sort of attention to long-term character needed to do things like this. The lack of any reaction among Nyssa, Tegan, and the Master after what happens in Logopolis badly undermines the soap tendencies of Doctor Who, because a soap savvy audience recognizes those moments as the very definition of ones in which the history of characters is supposed to pay off.
So, according to Mom, the daughter stood BY the tanning bed, and that the girl got a sunburn while playing outside. And a SEVERE burn at that. Then that means that the girl had to be in practically NOTHING in this weather, which has yet on the East Coast to warrant the need of wearing basically nothing. And the daughter would have needed a number of HOURS exposed to the sun’s natural light and UV to cause a burn as what is being described.
One of the things that I’ve always felt about fashion on the high street is that retailers need to look at a more bespoke offering. While you can buy everything online, you need to offer something – a specific range or an experience – that you can only get in the shops. Then, once you have the customer in the store, you need to walk her round so she buys more than the special things she’s come for.
I'd love it if you'd come and visit me there: at Keys to the Magic Travel -- even if you aren't planning a trip - and especially if you are. And if you are feeling the love, follow me over there - and you can also find my agency on facebook.
“NUS is taking a stand of ‘say say and’ things will blow over eventually.. since nobody will do anything to them..we should take a stand and stop all donations as a show of our anger..”
I laughed. "Gaga ka talaga. But in a way, he is. He takes care of me, I take care of him, we spend time together, but without all the commitment drama. We can have fun with other guys."
‘What happened?,’ he cried out. ‘I think I am sick. My head was spinning too fast. I felt as if everything around me was shaking. That’s why I sat down on the commode till things became steady.’
It's good to see that there are some sane judges left in Australia. Most are liberal and criminals are either released or get soft sentences so they can re-offend and be found not guilty over and over. The judge in this case, Mark Dean, seems to have had enough of people using their culture as an excuse to commit violent crimes. The Afghan man who raped a teenager and then went on to rape another woman 5 days later, has been sentenced to 14 years in jail. The man, who is a 'traumatised Muslim Afghan refugee' and has been in Australia since 2001 committed his crimes in 2009 and then went on to blame his cultural differences for the attacks. Apparently his Muslim culture in Afghanistan condones rape of non-Muslim women? Not sure which culture he thinks gives him the right to prey on women, but at least this judge called him on his BS argument and now he's off to jail where he belongs. However, he'll only get to serve just under 8 years before he is eligible for parole. The article notes that he will most likely be deported back to Afghanistan on his release, but I tend to differ. We have seen numerous cases in Australia where these criminals have used our lax political correct Western laws to stay in the country for decades, fighting their deportations - all on the tax payers dime. I would be surprised if this man is sent back to the sandpit he comes from, but stranger things have happened!
Week 14 vs. Arizona: Seattle enters a critical part of their schedule as three of their final four games are against division opponents. Depending on how the season is shaping up at this point, this game could have playoff implications for one of these teams.
When: Tuesday, November 10, 2009 – 6:00pm to 9:00pm
Here I tied the green sprig then added a snowflake ornament.
Alternate Title: Don’t you want your own kids?
Flowers and gems from Wild Orchid Crafts
too white to not derange with
The Old Patagonian Express, on the other hand, deals with the experience of the new: “the waking in the morning, the progress from the familiar to the slightly odd, to the rather strange, to the totally foreign, and finally to the outlandish. The journey, not the arrival, matters; the voyage, not the landing”:
You are very welcome.
Which authors do you like to read? What books are currently stacked in your "To Be Read" pile right now?
We spoke to Charlotte, who started working at Camden Community Radio in the past year and she told us that she started working there because “I have lived in Camden all my life and I saw that I could use my skills to participate in the community”.
taken from Islamic Principles on Family Planning, Qasmi Publication (pp.150-153)
Is the law then against the promises of God? God forbid: for if there had been a law given which could have given life, verily righteousness should have been by the law. But the scripture hath concluded all under sin, that the promise by faith of Jesus Christ might be given to them that believe.
I wanted frosties, or golden nuggets. Or rocket fuel as they should actually be known.
At night time while watching TV I used to make a box of macaroni and cheese and eat it all. Now I eat plain popcorn or sprinkle it with some butter buds and sea salt. That is usually about 3 points. The macaroni and cheese is about 14-18 points. If I am craving chocolate I have one or two pieces of dove dark chocolates. The weight watchers products are also really tasty. I love the brownies. The Weight Watchers brownies usually take care of my cake craving.
We get jobs, we pay bills, we move out, we learn to drive, we get boyfriends/girlfriends – growth.
3 tasks
Me: Yes, that's exactly what I was thinking!
Fourthly, to Stephanie Hatem. Though our conflicting schedules have rendered communication somewhat limited of late, our conversations were some of my first breakthroughs. You were able to talk freely and openly, sharing your own aspirations and doubts, and such things are contagious. You also helped me discover that even giving encouragement is encouraging. Thank you.
Recently my attention has been drawn to two articles in the local Cape Town newspaper highlighting ‘Sex Work’ in the city.
Crush (as much as possible) the cucumber and sugar in glass. (Add a little mint if you like!)
There isn't much going on in terms of conventional storytelling in Street Trash: A bearded liquor store merchant finds a case of bottles (containing a beverage called "Viper") hidden behind a wall in his basement, dusts them off, and starts selling them to his mainly homeless customers. One by one, the thirsty vagrants try the curious wish-wash, only to find themselves twitching violently and melting into a pool of muck after taking a single sip.
The reason that is interesting is because the Obama campaign chose today, May 5, to "officially" launch his reelection campaign and it coincidentally is also Karl Marx's birthday.
This past Saturday morning I found myself woken up by sunlight instead of an alarm clock and with absolutely nothing (well, nothing immediately) to do except throw on a sweatshirt and boots, brew a cup of coffee and sit outside to enjoy one of these muffins. I had made a batch on Thursday to bring to work on Friday and, planning ahead, reserved two for Jon and I to enjoy on Saturday. I’m sure glad I did.
Assuming Path came up with the cover photo idea before Facebook did, I can say the Path UI is incredibly simple and lovely. Unlike Facebook, Path is about sharing your moments with close friends and family and has a friend limit of 150 at present. I don’t know if anyone has even reached that limit seeing as it’s limited to just two devices and let’s face it, people are still wasting time or making use of it on Facebook. But, with Path, you can auto-post everything to other platforms; Twitter, Facebook, Foursquare, Tumblr. I hope they add WordPressalthough I don’t know if I’d really want that, but its still an option I’d like to have.
I miss him sometimes, I don’t know how, it’s been so long
Tragedies affect people in many ways. Since Vernon’s death, I have met other parents who have lost children. They blame God and have a difficult time trusting Him. I understand their pain, but He is only One who can get us through the trauma of losing a child. I am so thankful that Jesus is my Savior, Sanctifier, Healer, and most of all—my soon coming King. On the “other” side I will understand all the “whys.” In the meantime, I will trust that His ways are always right and continue to sing “God is So Good.” After all, my heavenly Father understands what it is like to lose a child. His only Son died on a rugged cross for each one of us. Because His Son rose again, I will be reunited with our son one day. What a day that will be!
First of all, one must be a “visualist.” That isn’t a real word, but it describes what I mean. A person who is stunned by physical natural beauty (certainly not at the exclusion of aural, tactile, or emotional stimuli) possesses visual aqueducts to the world through his or her eyes. Infinitesimal flashes of stunning images move him beyond belief. These impressions are captured in his mind’s eye, never to be lost, forever to be savored. And often, when this type of writer is creating, they see the “movie in their mind,” pressing from within, allowing readers to feel intimate and involved in a scene.
Now onto this week's challenge:
AG’s acumen for asinine answers — Martin Jalleh
Q. When? Tonight?
So I slipped away to the meeting, alone. Again . Perhaps another postponement could be arranged. At least I hoped so until I noticed two chairs, my empty one and one filled by a familiar figure, someone I'd lost a number of survivors to.
What better way to start the Fall season than with making pomegranate molasses. There are so many ways to use it and it is the perfect ingredient to have stashed in the frig. I use it for many recipes such as salad dressings and glazes for roasting meats, poultry and vegetables. This is an ingredient that I have a hard time finding in my area and when I do, it can be expensive. I could probably seek it out at Indian markets or mail order but it is sooo easy to make and I can use organic, 100% pomegranate juice and it keeps in the refrigerator for up to 6 months, however it never last 6 months at my house.
My burger was a masterpiece and the potatoes and onion were optimally charred. Only after there was a massive culling of the ones that had gone over to the dark side. Adams always assures me they are meant to be like that but I'm not partial to straight charcoal. Isn't that what they pump in your stomach when you've had a drug overdose? We could probably supply the hospital for a while with his BBQ cooking:)
Marie Marie
I have three cards for you today using some of the new papers I picked up from my trip to Archiever's in Round Rock last week. The first two cards are from papers from Bella Blvd and the last card is from My Mind's Eye.
White Ruffle Shirt
Obama, whose heart is so cold that his lips are purple has furthered his ‘no human rights’ attack by releasing the blind Chinese lawyer -Chen Guangcheng, back to the Chicoms.
* Light, cool clothing
I haven't seen my son and partner in a week, the pub has been so busy I haven't had time to unwind and being in the position I'm in I find myself regularly feeling lonely. That's why the chance to catch up with other brewers and publicans at events like the GBBF appeal to me so much.
Once again, with the greatest respect to the representative and her leadership post in Congress, I suggest that she does not understand very well what her religion—which happens to be mine as well—says about discrimination.
Greenwood police haven’t responded to numerous messages from the AP. Most of what is known about the case comes from a Greenwood police affidavit and search warrant. This is how those documents describe the shooting.
Cast & Crew
As a reader, we know this is unlikely. The owner taking up with a performer? Not likely. But Pepper is young and naive, and we must experience her mistakes. There are a few interesting side characters, in particular Em, Pepper's mother's special friend, who tries to take care of Pepper. The performers fit the model -- some are arrogant, while many are incompetent. Some of them have both of these characteristics.
On the Blue Fairy: What is up with this lady? First, she seems to have a lot of access to “the last one” of things. Is this a coincidence? Are her fairies somehow not taking care of the magical elements of this world properly and that’s why? Has she used up her resources so indiscriminately over the years? I feel like she needs to watch “The Lorax” on magical trees, seeds, and probably other enchanted items. Second, she really seems to have a thing for Gepetto. Other people are lucky if she, or any fairy, shows up once. Gepetto had her magic him a permanent caretaker, help him get a son, turn his son real, agree to lie for him…Did she have a crush on his dad or something? Third, just what kind of preparations could her fairies make before the curse took over, and how were they more important than making sure Emma, and possibly Snow, went through the wardrobe?
Love is nature.
I love dinners like this on the weekend because I can throw it in the oven then go back outside and garden. :) It's also wonderful as an appetizer.
Have you ever had one of those days where you just can't focus??
2) My boyfriend and I have been together for 10 years - we were in the same science class in high school. He is Dutch.
Part of the reason things bear so much sentimental value is because there wasn't an overload of things and living by the motto: Use it up, wear it out, make it do, or do without applied to almost everything. Like the toys we played with at our grandparents house were the same toys our parents used to play with and by the time all sixty grandchildren have grown up there are hundreds of happy memories attached to each item.
“There is another issue that I wanted to talk about in brief. Obama received the Nobel Peace Prize. I don’t know why they gave him this prize. What did Mr. Obama accomplish to deserve this peace prize? There is no peace in Iraq. There is no peace in Afghanistan. There is no peace in Somalia. There is no peace in any country. He hasn’t even managed to force Israel to cease its settlement activity.
This was a talk given to a group of 40 students at a retreat on Lindisfarne with the theme “Walking with the Spirit”.
Now on to our weekend festivities.
Patti braced for the brick that was about to hit her, and then said, “Of course I will, but it won’t be easy. At some point I might have to ask something, but I’ll try my best.”
1. Tie a slipknot.
Not every election on this Tuesday is a recall but check out how many are! elections in parts of OR KY NE NH IA MO
Thai Chili seeds are also fairly easy to find, but for many of us, it is getting to be a bit late to start peppers from seed. Your best bet is to find plants. You can order them on amazon or burpee, but you can also just go to your closest asian market and pick up some dried Thai chilis and use the seeds from those! You'll want to sow your pepper plants indoors, unless you live in the Southern United States. My container has four thai dragon chili plants in it right now, but I will most likely remove one plant (and maybe even two) depending on how they fill out.
“Why persecutest thou me?” Then in the next verse, “I am Jesus of Nazareth, whom thou persecutest.”
Another oddball offering by a chocolatier who would be better off making crackers. White chocolate with lemon and pepper is an adventurous attempt at doing something different. Trouble is, most alternative confectionary usually tastes crap. This is just about edible but only if chewing on sweet plastic with a savoury kick happens to be your thing.
10These were for the children of Aaron among the families of the Kohathites, of the children of Levi: for they came first in the distribution.
The Acer Iconia Tab A200 has stereo speakers nestled in the bottom corners on the back of the tablet and, providing you aren’t holding the tablet there, the sound is clear, if a little tinny.
Monday phone call from department of child safty asking if we would take 3 siblings for 15 days while their carer was going away for a break. Took 2 days to ponder over this (why should we?why shouldn't we? I don't know how we came up with we should. (crazy I say) Anyways 9 kids for 15 days can not be too bad, they are at school for 6 hrs of 10 of these days
Here to join in on our lineup is Guest Bar-TenderS
The events of the recent times too are telling. Perhaps the establishment too fears the loss of power, and that is why they are quick to use draconian laws to stifle, if not totally silent political dissent.
I'm still sick. Well, "sick" is a vast understatement. Yesterday, I actually decided that a few days in the hospital on an IV would be NICE. Having had both a hospital and home birth, I choose home birth hands down because I HATE HOSPITALS. I hate the routines, I hate the loss of autonomy, I hate the germs, I hate the "because we said so" procedures, I hate the "informed consent" that really isn't. I see hospitals as great places for major lacerations and heart attacks, not pregnancy and delivery. But yesterday? I was ready for an IV. I know how to put in an IV catheter (on a dog, anyway...can't be that much different) and was fully willing to do it myself, but seeing as how I lack the supplies, the hospital was seeming like a mighty fine option. By the afternoon, I was feeling better and more hydrated and decided if I could get myself through until Monday, maybe the doctor will just run a bag of fluids in me in the office without having to go to the hospital. To make that even remotely possible, I had to change something though.
Let’s just lay it on the line, shall we? Leroy Jethro Gibbs needs to be in a relationship with Dr. Samantha Ryan, as played by Jamie Lee Curtis.
Have a great rest of the week!
Remember how she finally had her braces removed earlier this year? And how she now has to wear a retainer full-time for about another two years?
If you would rather read a good website (with references) rather than the studies, I recommend Skeptical Science. They have explanations for beginners to experts. God, on the other hand, has not had much to say on the matter.
Perhaps it is a case of who moved my cheese...but so much change has been happening in my life in the last couple of years its been such a rollercoaster. I feel that I'm on top and in control and ready for a new phase and setting things in place for the next five years or so.
I picked this up in South Hampshire's new beer shop Bottle & Barrel, it was great to see a lager with a bit more providence than what you would find in the world beers section of your local beer isle.
We are appreciative of all our fans, but more so of those that will actually buy a cd from us. We strive to provide a quality product, and we don’t rip anyone off with our prices. We try to keep our merchandise as low cost as we can.
"We could make a plain batch of sugar cookies and mix it with the peppermint," he suggested. "To dilute it."
India has a Public Distribution System that provides grains to impoverished people for low prices. The thing is, they only distribute rice and wheat. I'm no farmer and I'm no scientist, but I have learned a lot about this stuff and I understand now the importance of all of this. Rice and wheat are fine and dandy, but they are not what these people need. Rice has almost no nutrients; it's just empty calories. The local food that used to be the staple of the local diet is millet. Millets are an awesome legume (I think?) that come in tons of varieties called foxtail millet, finger millet, barnyard millet, and waaaay more. Millets contain a ridiculous amount of nutrients and can keep these people from becoming malnourished (India has more malnourishment than sub-Saharan Africa right now).
"It’s an existing neighborhood," Gehry amended, compliant if not full of conviction. "There’s an arena, a big arena, it's like the ostrich swallowing the basketball. A lot of people want this arena, on that spot, and the company hired me to put it there. The idea of just putting an arena on that spot, in a neighborhood like that, without trying to make it part of the fabric somewhat, didn't appeal to me. And so there was a program for housing and offices and other things that had to be built for the arena to happen."
Collage rectangles set 1 printable collage set with some png individual images
Cholesterol 30.2 mg
Sprinkle the fried powder and mix well.
Now, you are talking about food, and dinner plans. There is a child like joy on your face when you talk about food, and what to make, and how you’re going to prepare it, and I find myself involuntarily smiling in response. When you ask me why, I reply with a “You’re cute.” I like it when you get (mock) offended that I’m insulting your manhood, when in reality, I’m just hiding behind an overused phrase to make light of the overflowing feelings that threaten to consume me.
“Its an embarrassment being sent a book you really do not enjoy…”
The grown-ups all had the Karoo Lamb Chops. Three to a plate! They came served with grilled baby eggplant + vine tomatoes and a velvety zesty mint sauce. Cooked to a tee. I had to send my compliments to the chef. Chef Amy is seriously good, she had her dishes flying out of that little kitchen hot and fast. She sent me a nod and a shy smile.
sampradāya-vihīnā ye
The Wolves of Willoughby Chase by Joan Aiken – An evil governess, Miss Slighcarp, plans to take over the mansion known as Willoughby Chase and place her charges Bonnie and Sylvia in an orphanage. Fans of Lemony Snicket’s A Series of Unfortunate Events may enjoy this story. Recommended by Lisa M.
(This is a sponsored post)
Killed because of being enemies, not because of their crimes, and for sure: all three were responsible for monstrous crimes. But these crimes served only as a pretext for foreign interventions. Repressive policy towards ethnic minorities and political opposition characterise multiple political regimes all over the word. From Saudi Arabia to Spain, from Nigeria to Indonesia: Ignorance of human rights in most of the cases does not lead to military intervention and killing of the respective leaders. In only a very few cases the Western military alliance takes repression as a pretext for intervention. So what are the reasons behind?
I started a blog out of frustration that I had loads of clothes but wasn’t wearing most of them and I had let my attention slip in getting dressed every day. It was a personal challenge to think about my style, what I owned, and to make more effort getting dressed regardless of whether it evolved to outfit posts. I thought that surely by photographing all this wonderful gear I would actually become motivated to wear the stuff and shop less!
The next week was pretty bleak. I don’t remember much. For a few days straight I did nothing but wake up, reach for my dog, and then cry until I passed out. The pain was unbearable. I never thought the pain would ever go away. It hurt to breathe. It hurt to speak. It hurt to do anything. I didn’t move off my couch for three days straight.
The Importance of Being You – Day 25
I am really batting 1000 when it comes to keeping up with a schedule. Have not been able to write what or when I had planned for almost a month. Some time around when I decided to start the schedule. Go figure.
1 large Cauliflower
and 2 tablespoons of juice reserved
It was a single bathroom, door locked, and on the outside, when you locked the door, there was a little sign that would change from "vacant" to "in use".. any idiot should be able to understand how this works... even if you can read the words are in different colours vacant was green, and in use was red.. pretty simple right.
London Philharmonic Choir (chorus master: Neville Creed)
IBUs 28 SRM 16
Our adventures continued over lunch. Her Majesty got stuck at the tippy-top of one of those indoor playgrounds associated with fast-food restaurants, and neither my entreaties from the ground nor Wonder Boy's pulling on her legs helped. (The latter, in fact, made things worse). My ass was literally too wide to get into the damn thing and I was envisioning having to call for help, when a teeny-tiny mother brushed past me, squeezed into a hole the size of a computer screen, clambered up to the top, got my daughter, brought her down, gave her back to me without a word, and went back to her meal. I thanked her profusely, but she just stared at me.
“Then I walked up and politely introduced myself,” he later told the Times.
And all who wisely wish to wive
I can feel her every move deep inside me. Her breasts quiver gently as she moves sending waves of resonance through me.
I’m 48-years-old and proud to have ONLY two gray hairs because I don’t hold crap in! My blood pressure is low too!
Lurking behind the scenes at the EWC-UH all along with Stanley Armour, Madelyn, Ann Dunham and Obama Jr. during his most impressionistic years was one of Helm’s Cyberneticist Boys, the infamous MK ULTRA British Godfather and Mind Control Expert, Dr. Gregory Bateson.
Nov 14th – Portsmouth Pyramid Centre
In the Asia gallery, straddling the China and Japan rooms, there are two shelves in a case along one wall dedicated to teaware. Instead of snapping a couple of dozen photos, I simply passed my video camera along the cards and then the shelves of pots, cups and other artifacts. Sorry for the soft focus on the cards, but here they are ...
Now the only person Barrett can turn to for help is Anson, a man gifted with psychic abilities beyond reason. But Anson is also his ex-boyfriend, a man whose heart he’d already broken.
Folks, that's just being a jerk. Doing it to be funny, but still, it's unprofessional and it is not a review. And everyone knows the difference between a negative, but even-handed review and a jerk-fest. Because not only bloggers can be jerks. When a professional outlet puts out an unprofessional review, there's uproar all over the internet, because the difference between a review and a scathing editorial whinge about a book is, when push comes to shove, obvious.
Anyways . I can't get motivated to go to the gym. I like being there. It makes me feel good all day.
For this batch I won't be comparing the "same" yeasts, but both are Saison yeasts. A bigchange from just using sour beers dregs Vs. dregs that are "pure" Sacc strains is that it is important to have higher pitching rates (and yeast health). The Brett, Pedio and Lacto in sour beer dregs will work just fine at low pitching rates. Starters can be used for sour beer 1 gal batches, but in my opinion aren't needed. For this batch it will be important to build up the yeast to a good pitching rate. Plus this lets you quickly check if you have good yeast (smell and taste your starters!).
I think it's interesting that this dude was a kid in Vanderveer (a housing development in Flatbush near the Midwood section and Brooklyn College) or the 'Veer' as it was spoken of with awe and menace, and yet he and a commenter to his blog ran the same schedule as kids I grew up with in Prospect Heights, it was on Saturdays mostly, right after cartoons. You'd go out with your cap, good players on our block had one, a favorite, the lil' kids had several for reasons that will soon be clear.
So alot has been going on since I've posted last. Football is ALMOST over tonight is their last game, the two different smurf teams are going to play each other at the big field. I will take my camera to get lots of pictures! I thought we were going to get a break from sports but Logan just signed up for wrestling last week. Can't wait to see how this goes! Ryan and I both had talks with him about it NOT being like the WWE and I even found youtube videos of real youth wrestling and made him watch them. He was still excited about it. I was really looking forward to a break until baseball starts in the spring but oh well. At least he wants to try something, I want to give him every opprotunity to try whatever he wants. Hopefully we will all have a better experience with wrestling than football. While I love football, the parents had a tendency to be very cliquish and I can't stand that.
2 - Practice your toast/speech if you're not comfortable speaking in front of a crowd. Even if you know all of the guests, you'll be more comfortable if you rehearse a few times in the days before the wedding.
“I will exit the tent in a moment and try to distract them. When I do I want you to-“
The ways in which authors promote their books are as varied as the subject matter they write about. Specialist books are perhaps the easier to promote through societies, associations and local groups. Fiction may require a wholly different approach but, as part of our Velocity publishing option, we will be happy to give you advice on the best way to promote YOUR book, regardless of the subject matter.
Before I let sweet love in
After being convicted of fraud by a military court, she resigned, but withdrew her resignation to rather take a more lucrative golden handshake. She eventually left the Navy in 2008 in disgrace.
On Sunday this weblog announced the availability to JIPLP's online subscribers of a controversial and stimulating article by Rhys Morgan, "Ensuring greater legal certainty in OHIM decision-taking by abandoning legal formalism".
The following three notebooks are also a part of the system, but are not quite as essential as the previous four. They may also not be permanent parts of the system, and one day they may be combined with some of the previous four notebooks.
I was in that hall for over 4 hours and I didn't seat even once. Apart from the time when Alejandro y Marisol were doing their performance, I danced all night with those people who I danced so many times and with who I learnt so much. But after 1 year of not having contact with them they were SO different! Their moves much more elegant, their energy much more subtle, their musicality so much improved... I'm sure that Orquesta Típica Imperial helped to my enjoyment but, I had a tango night as I haven't had since... last time I was in Edinburgh!
I'd also like to thank anyone who came to the Japanese Craft Beer tasting the other evening, some fascinating beers and £700 raised! Great work the White Horse who not only hosted and staffed the event but donated what my fee would normally have been to the fund, which was above and beyond - great work chaps!
Best Overseas Bottled or canned:
LARRY: Because I think you might be about to leave me, and I didn't want to be wearing a dressing gown. LARRY: I slept with someone in New York. A whore. I'm sorry. ANNA: Why did you tell me? LARRY: I couldn't lie to you. ANNA: Why not? LARRY: Because I love you. ANNA: It's fine. LARRY: Really? Why? He's confused. LARRY: Something's wrong. Tell me. LARRY: Are you leaving me? Anna nods. LARRY: Because of this? Why? ANNA: Dan. LARRY: Cupid? He's our joke. ANNA: I love him. LARRY: You're seeing him now? Anna nods. LARRY: Since when? ANNA: Since my opening last year.
ZANESVILLE — If local residents could tell Marian Thompson what to do with her five remaining exotic animals, many would tell her to keep them far away from Zanesville.
Hiya! Beautiful Black & White entries last week over at the Craft-Room Challenge - as always it will be so difficult to choose a top 3! However, it's time to move onto the next challenge, the theme of which has been chosen by the very talented Mervi, and the theme is "Father or Male". As always there will be a Top 3, and a random winner will be chosen to win a £10 voucher for spending on goodies at the Craft-Room Online Shop.
I think this must be my third tube of make up base/primer from Biotherm. This range of product comes in 5 different shades. I have personally tried the instant brightening (my favorite) and the rosy glow ones and find both to not only corrects my skintone but also keep my foundation on all day. Sometimes I even wear this just with a thin layer of powder! Though I'm trying out other primers at the moment, I can safely say that this is my Holy Grail primer for now.
But when the welfare spigot is turned off, expect the conflict to intensify and become more brutal. Cities teeming with large immigrant groups — whose families may lose their customary means of support — could become predators on the surrounding areas.
This is a great recipe that comes from a friend of mine who brought it to a pot luck at our place a month or so ago. The flavors went really well together and I had to try it. I made it for Rosie's Macedonian class, which came to our place last Friday for dinner. I served it with Mexican rice, which was a pretty good compliment.
I shall now play around a little with the numbers with the help of my lovely assistant (who is aged 13 and is top of his year in maths, clever boy). As you read along, though, do remember that longer books will have higher printing costs; and if YouWriteOn sets its printing costs higher, or its retail prices lower, the returns on its scheme will be lowered significantly.
This morning I had duty in the hallway where the 3rd graders hang their coats and backpacks. I love this duty. I hand out hellos and hugs and high fives and reminders about folders and backpacks and not taking too long in the bathroom.
I don’t even know why it should be my problem? I’ll always hold some level of concern, but there’s someone else who should be supporting him in troubled times. Coming to me with issues makes people think his girlfriend isn’t supportive, which I don’t think is the case. But who knows, maybe she isn’t.
This may not be the California matchup the NBA would schedule if they could redo things, but the league got the NBA’s newest tandem on the court on Christmas Day. Chris Paul and Blake Griffin are the Co-Mayors of what is now known as Lob City and they have the opportunity to turn Laker-town into Clipper-town. Not to be outdone by the Angels’ acquisition of Albert Pujols, the Clippers have acquired Paul and added Chauncey Billups and Caron Butler as well. All of a sudden the laughing stock franchise of the NBA is now a legitimate contender in the Western Conference.
Strange, shopping for school supplies and hurricane supplies in the same day.
It was touch and go as I joined the last row.
I’m an atheist.
en las cinturas, con sus cantaros de agua,
"But many liberal donors, including Mr. Soros, have raised objections to the Supreme Court’s Citizens United decision, which opened the door for super PACs and unlimited campaign spending. They say they did not believe they could match the Republican groups, so they wanted to try a different approach and back several liberal groups rather than put their financial muscle behind a single effort." So let's set the record straight.
come from accepting and being present within our various states of incompleteness.
Trying to blog more often, but the pain in my shoulder has been interfering with my sleep; I'm lucky to get two or three hours a night, and that is broken up into an hour here, twenty minutes there, etc. When I go several weeks on little sleep I have trouble focusing on anything very long, so thanks for bearing with me.
“Customer is always right! and customer satisfaction comes first!” she lectured.
Exodus 12:22: And ye shall take a bunch of hyssop, and dip it in the blood that is in the basin, and strike the lintel and the two side posts with the blood that is in the basin; and none of you shall go out at the door of his house until the morning.
13. Don’t mind how bird vex, it can’t vex with tree. It does not matter if you are annoyed with conditions at work, you have to return to your job. Similarly, although you may be frustrated with the situation in your homeland, you may still have to return to it.
My God has always, always been there for me
I know this.
I look at my son in the rearview mirror. Mint chocolate chip ice cream is tracking a path down his chin, subtracting a good four years from his age.
The upper and lower red beacons are flashing as the super-tug starts pushing on the nose gear. We are out of here... Thirty-two minute turn in the rain. Not a record, but darn good performance from the Ontario station.
Hope you're all doing well and that you had a nice Thanksgiving. Can you believe it's already December 1st? This year has totally flown by. I'm usually stressed about it being the beginning of December, with all the shopping to be done and knowing there are only 25 days 'til Christmas.....but THIS year, I'm looking forward to a really GREAT December. November was just NOT a good month for me and I'm personally glad it's over....so onto December, I say! I hope it's good to EVERYONE!
Less than the best? Felony!
Let’s take a look.
Therefore knowing all this by bhAvana, oh twice born one, you worship properly through karmayOga (nihsankalpa, niSkAma karma)!
Our hearts overflow with praise
Hitachino Nest beers aren't new to this country but they are new to me. I'm not even sure what to call these beers. The brewery named on the back is stated as 'Kiuchi Brewery' so I'm not sure where the Hitachino Nest comes into it really. I think we'll start with the most obvious point first: The two beers I'm reviewing from Kiuchi tonight are some of the finest looking beers I've ever seen - the branding is excellent and quite frankly, puts hundreds of other beers to shame.
Dropping inmate numbers at the Harris County Jail will let the county end its nearly 5-year-old practice of shipping overflow inmates to Louisiana and other Texas counties within days, Sheriff Adrian Garcia said this week.
After our bellies were FULL and we had some time to relax a bit, we headed home. It was already close to 8. Lili fell asleep on the car ride home, but then woke up when I took her out of her carseat. Rats. Pedro and I laid with her in bed for a good hour before she fell asleep. I ended up falling asleep shortly after and then Pedro moved her into her crib at one point.
Britax BSTRREDBAG B-Ready Stroller – Red with a Red Diaper Bag For Sale
I’ve blogged before about lock-ups, the small village prisons that were used until the 19th century. They catch my eye because they’re often unusual shapes (one like a pyramid, another with a conical top) and because they have interesting roofs, built with heavy stone blocks to make them secure. There are quite a lot of lock-ups still standing.
Do we even need to write any further? If you've got this far, we think the problems of this film should be glaringly obvious by this lengthy recap. It just didn't work, my friends. Even with music by R.D. Burman. Even with Shashi and Sanjeev. Even with the inexplicable Yash Raj endorsement. And while Sanjeev tries his darndest to make Ratan a real human being, and is generally OK even though that human being is a sleazoid, Shashi seems visibly pained for most of the film, as if his pants are on too tight (and often they are).
"And aren't you anymore?"
The fog stayed with us after noontime for the rest of the day. Yet, still a lot of people came into our park for the weekend.
But write it as art and it might last.
DMX, it’s easy for you to talk shit to a teen
This list represents the dire state of our democracy. The financial and vested interests of our MPs and Lords in private healthcare. Why are these people allowed to be in charge of our NHS, to vote on a bill that they clearly have something to gain from. Who cares that they have put it in the register of interests. This doesn’t excuse their interests, it merely highlights clearly why they should have no part in voting for the privatisation of the NHS. It is privatisation, despite the media’s continued use of the word ‘reforms’. The question must be asked. Are they public servants
I recently got in contact with Sandy, who is getting married on Saturday. As part of the ceremony she wanted a photographer to take photographs of her mehndi night as Nicola wasn’t able to make it…
I know now that, over the years, my own cries that life is unfair, have come from the inescapable pain of living, and these cries, while understandable, have always diverted me from feeling my way through the pain of my breakage into the re-formation of my life. Somehow, crying “Unfair” has always kept me stuck in what hurts.
Today people of color continue to be disproportionately incarcerated, policed, and sentenced to death at significantly higher rates than their white counterparts. Further, racial disparities in the criminal-justice system threaten communities of color—disenfranchising thousands by limiting voting rights and denying equal access to employment, housing, public benefits, and education to millions more. In light of these disparities, it is imperative that criminal-justice reform evolves as the civil rights issue of the 21st century.
I have been really busy with painting and creating a new web site that I have had very little tile to update the blog. I wanted to share my most recent Orientalist painting of the Zulu bride.
The Sixes by Kate White
I took a bath. A long soak with clary sage.
But they are there alright.
Pictures
Ladies and Gentleman, take a good look at me. You are looking at the future Valedictorian and a graduate of Harvard University! How? I have a Chinese mother! She is a tigress who sits on top of the food chain, and she has told me so. That is the master design she has crafted for me since I was in her womb. In fact, I am well in my way of reaching that dream: I’ve gotten ten trophies already—one in violin, two in piano, three in math, four in abacus. Impeccable! Even the numbers align perfectly—one, two, three, and four trophies—in violin, piano, math, and abacus! Yes, perfect, perfect, and more perfection is what I aim for, because that is how I was trained by my Chinese mother.
There was a group of Four Saints records on the shelf at the thrift today. I noted that this cover seems more "budget" than the other three covers. And the group name was different and there were only three "Saints" on the cover. Also, I think the other albums were on a label such as Warner Bros. This one seemed more "private press". But, having just now read the back cover, this album appears to have been made in 1970 or 71 shortly after one member (John Howell?) left the group (The Four Saints).
Another time, back when I was sick for a few weeks in March, I had to run across the road to drop off someone to school, and I’d just got out of the shower so my hair was still damp. I happened to complain about my illness to a Spanish woman, and she said something like, “well of course – this is very dangerous” while she lifted a piece of my hair. She insinuated that was why all my kids and I had been sick for the last couple of weeks. I was fuming but didn’t know enough Spanish to make a comeback.
I was excited to learn that this is the first in a series, and disappointed to know that the rest of the series hasn't been written yet. I will definitely be first in line to buy the rest of these books as they come out.
- and I will tell you my own grand plans for the next year in about 2 weeks
Consultant Bryan Kennedy, 54, who travels regularly on business, said he had never seen queues as bad at Gatwick. Mr Kennedy, who was returning from Barcelona, said: “I arrived at 8.30pm and some people had already been there for hours before me. The guy standing next to me said the driver sent to pick him up had been waiting for 90 minutes.”
I tried to register for swimming classes this morning at our local community college. The class I was interested in starts today... a little late I know... but I'm a mom and this is what happens... Life.
Be all to myself.
I want to stress the Keystone XL pipeline is not gone and rest assured new routes and new pipelines with be proposed. However, what has been shown is that our concerns are finally being heard and that we can make a difference.
12. Crystal Blue Persuasion—Tommy James and The Shondells
Barbara Hershey (The Portrait of a Lady)
By His Grace — For His Glory — For our Joy
Bench press or push ups
Dontcha know that I’ll never fall in love again.
It was a "Miffy" book. It is very simple and Miss One Year Old is almost old enough to appreciate it with some help from her parents. I bought that. My father posted it this morning. I hope Miss One Year Old gets as much pleasure from it as I did from the Golden Books.
"Some people claim that there's a woman to blame, but I know, it's my own damn fault."
How about losing your hearing?
Negroni
In advertising, a lot of the good stuff has been done at the direction of amateur savants -- like Jobs. There has never been a great creative visionary with an MBA (okay, I'm making that up, but I'll bet it's right.)
Davis has worked with a talented team of many. His editors included Elizabeth Kaye, an award winning journalist who has often written about southern music and southern preachers. As a contributing editor to Rolling interviewed Sam Phillips and gathered firsthand experience of Jerry Lee Lewis when covering sessions at which he played with Johnny Cash, Carl Perkins, and Roy Orbison. As a contributing editor to John Kennedy’s George magazine, Kaye wrote extensively about Billy Graham and his son Franklin, traveled on several missionary trips with Franklin, and worked with ABC’s 20/20 to produce and write a major Billy Graham profile.
Another game I really enjoy is taking an item I wouldn't normally wear and styling it in a way that would fit in with my own aesthetic. Motel sent over this dress as a thank you for a little something I did for them (you'll see soon), and it was perfect for that. Although when I put it on I felt impossibly 'hipsterific', so I couldn't help but do a few Lookbook pisstake photos using ma best 'cliche' poses. For tha lols.
Just to breathe.
- if you don’t go to shows, you can’t get shows
The mom says she wants her seven year old to be famous like Willow Smith - but the thing is, willow smith is famous 'cus her dad is famous, not becuase her parents inject her with crap and tattoo her innocence away.
We’ve all struggled with it at some point in our lives. We rationalize in our minds in order to come up with excuses to avoid doing it. I’m talking about returning to someone we’ve wronged; apologizing, and asking for their forgiveness. There’s something about apologizing that goes against our prideful nature. Perhaps that’s why parents have to force their children to apologize for something as insignificant as not sharing a toy. In those days your parents would say, “You tell your sister you’re sorry right now!” Apologizing and requesting forgiveness can be one of the most challenging and humbling acts people need to engage in.
Dear Zibby,
This was a 70-kilo shipment of adulterated Thai marijuana that was brought in through Okinawa.
Joey’s reaction: Oh mommy! you made lemonade with leaves!
Sometimes, when I plan too much, and something goes wrong,
The highlight of the amendments was the removal of the annual licensing for printing presses and publications.
AS ALWAYS I took myself off to the beach to watch the moon rise and reflect on what has been and what will come.. To see the moon's light dance across the water and spread a pathway to my feet fills me with anticipation and excitement for tomorrow.. The fullness of her energy is contagious... and I do believe she was radiating HOPE... So that is what I will name her this month.. The HOPE Moon.
Corte Madera, CA 94925
41. Play in the batting cages
Pow!
Holding the thread taut with in your left hand, turn the needle downward and start to take it to the back a few threads away. (If you try to use the same hole, the knot is very likely to pull back through and disappear). With the tip of the needle inside the hole, slide the knot down the needle onto the fabric pulling the thread taut with your left hand at the same time. This is where the tension comes in. If you pull the knot too tightly, the eye of the needle won’t fit through the knot as the thread goes to the back. If it’s too loose you’ll get a sloppy knot that won’t lay flat.
Bind my feet
Ditto. I’m a straightforward person. I can only run my life efficiently, safely and happily if I know what’s really going on, not some wallpapered version you’re feeding me. Deception really means you’re happy manipulating me to your own ends. You’re really OK with that?
Thauseni from Chingale Trading
and I've left it a bit late this year but next year my first christmas project will be an advent calendar like Lyndy's beautiful one here.
So I'd like to honor them !
And your glory all the day long.
The crew reacted professionally and wonderfully. Yes, I got a small friction burn from the slide. Yes, I landed on a pile of people. Yes, it was extreme considering the plane didn’t actually explode or burst into flame. But I’m thankful that these things happened rather than having us slowly disembark a plane that was possibly on fire.
Here's a little tidbit to return us to baseball. On baseball-reference the player with whom Amos Otis has the highest similarity score is Cesar Cedeno. Pretty wild.
Back? Alright, here’s my case: The God we seek to glorify and enjoy is one who always moves toward the broken and the marginalized. Notice in the early chapters of John – Nicodemus, a Jewish leader, has to seek out Jesus. Then a Gentile Roman leader also seeks out Jesus. But when he’s in Samaria (a marginalized place to begin with, in the mind of a first century Jew) he seeks out the woman at the well, who, as is turns out, had violated every single social taboo known to the culture.
JIMENEZ-GARCIA R, HERNANDEZ-BARRERA V, CARRASCO-GARRIDO P, SIERRA-MOROS MJ, MARTINEZ-HERNANDEZ D, DE MIGUEL AG. Influenza Vaccination Coverages among Spanish Children, Adults and Health Care Workers. Infection 2006; 34:135-141.
Q)Quality
That is the apartment where I now sit, typing away. It is filled with boxes and bags, and all the other clutter that accompanies moving because, yes, I am doing it again. Turns out that the neighborhood I moved into was in that dusky area that is somewhere between “not so bad“ and “wear pepper spray around your neck.“ In the nine months since I have lived here, dusk has turned to night complete with officers in the scary black masks, neighbors suddenly accumulating dogs for protection, and car alarms that go off frequently. Not what I had in mind for my peaceful retirement. So my neighbor, who constantly assures me that the neighborhood “used to be great,“ and I got to talking. Sharing expenses in a place together in a quiet neighborhood became our conclusion. Her friend, a sweet, local business man took us around and finally just drove to where he thought we might like the environment. He was right. We found a house, and it is beautiful, and in a quiet neighborhood. The best part is that we will be signing a contract for a year to start. Sounds heavenly, but now I will address my original point for this rant, timing.
Blueberries and oatmeal are both ridiculously good for health, specially if you make the oatmeal at home (and isn't laden with a lotttt of sugar). Combining it with walnuts will provide you with omega 3s and tryptophan (Check Wholefoods link below). The blueberries and oatmeal, have a lot of fiber to keep you feeling full AND help in weigh loss, what else do you need? I hope you have had the pleasure of having oatmeal as its meant to be and not disillusioned with the grocery store kind and if haven't had it, this is a great recipe to enjoy it at its best :)
He shows up to court. The girl decides to represent herself (which was probably not the best idea.) Turns out, she's fighting the ticket because she believes that since she drives a Honda Accord, which is the most common vehicle in the US, that CC got her confused with another vehicle.
thin coconut milk 1 cup
There is one contrary statistic, so read the original article. But this would seem to be yet another case of looking for a mythical reason to rationalize a fuming, volcanic anger that has other, much more psychological causes. The truth is often bitterly inconvenient to dogmatists
So speak I will; ask I shall.
-My unofficial training began last week, and I finally broke the 3 mile barrier. It didn't happen on purpose, I got lost in the dark and had no choice but to make my way home, which turned out I ran 4.33 miles! I think it was one of my proudest moments. I know I still have many more miles to go, but breaking that mile barrier was huge for me. So now this week I am going to keep running around 3-3.5 miles, then do one long run, which hopefully will be 5 miles. So each week I am going to slowly increase by half a mile or a whole mile.
Admiral Leighton W. Smith, Jr., USN (Ret.)
An East Texas man condemned for a fatal shooting during an abduction and robbery at a convenience store lost an appeal Wednesday at the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals.
I see this psycho dude..
So I was really pleased when my parents took the house for the week last week and invited the girls and I to join them.
I can taste medications and food placed in mypalm. The bitterness of my first aspirin at school still makes me salivate to this day. When the nurse placed it in my hand, I puckered up like I had just french-kissed a lemon.
Goldsmiths College London 13th March 1980
The last noteworthy occurrences are pertaining to my wonderful school. We now have our own hashtag on Twitter, called #DUprobz. This has been expanded to a Twitter account, also named @DUprobz . The profile picture is of Bob Barker, former host of “The Price is Right” and also a Drury graduate. After about one week, @DUprobz has almost 250 followers, which is like 1/6 of the school probably. Some of my favorites:
- Oh God in heaven help me, - I shuddered...
Corduroy, by Don Freeman, Viking Children’s Books (an imprint of Penguin Books), first published 1968, Ages 3-7
'Ok, ok, I'm going!' 'You aren't supposed to be following me!'
Someone once described Malaysian education choices to me as akin to a “food court.” National public schools, private schools with national curriculum, private schools with British/US/Canadian/French/Taiwanese/Saudi curriculum, religious schools, Chinese schools, Tamil schools, home schools (what did I miss?).
Lord of the Sabbath
that it all comes together perfectly for the next step
When I sit down for my quiet time, two essentials come with me: my Bible and my journal. I read the passage and write out what it means to me. I even list practical ways that I can apply the passage to my life. Then, I journal my prayers. Several things occur during those precious times. God confronts me about areas where I need to grow, I see the blessings that He’s given me and I learn to trust Him in deeper ways.
Cloves 4
Culinary melting pot
14″You are the light of the world. A city on a hill cannot be hidden. 15Neither do people light a lamp and put it under a bowl. Instead they put it on its stand, and it gives light to everyone in the house. 16In the same way, let your light shine before men, that they may see your good deeds and praise your Father in heaven.
..to rot your teeth and to crave sugar but you've gotta love a coke. The New Seekers were huge in the 1970's. Our ABBA equivalent I would say. Anyway I thought I'd pop this on to cheer up a rather gloomy, weather wise, Friday. I am off to make buddy's birthday cake and work out - so much to do. I'll post pictures later. I am on fire this week with both exercise and food and entering danger zone - the weekend. Got to keep the momentum going. Think bikini. Think bikini.
The Geordies had a chance to go in to this fixture with a four point gap between the sides, but after defeat at to Wigan on the weekend, are now only one point ahead of the hosts. However victory tonight would see them only a single point behind third place Arsenal, which could make things incredibly tight come the end of the season. Remember, should Chelsea win in Munich on May 19, then only third will qualify for a Champions League spot. With both Tottenham and Chelsea picking up three points on Sunday, the Magpies must win this game to have a chance, given they face Manchester City on Sunday and a final day trip to Goodison Park.
These flowers are for my beautiful friend Susie… May she and her family know God’s peace, love, strength & comfort at this time.
Sharlie wanted us to know that she is aware of the risks, and while she believes and has tremendous faith that everything will go well, she wanted us to know that she has lived such a full life. She has. She has touched thousands with her kindness and she is the type of person that inspires everyone around her. She makes me want to be a better brother, a better husband, a better father, and a better person. She has lived a full life, but I think her best years are yet to come.
Here is a copy of Senate Bill 106
With dedicated list notepaper embellished by a picture of Rupert the Bear talking to a black cat wearing a red ribbon round its neck, this is another fantastic shopping/to-do composite, discovered in the Northumbrian market town of Hexham. This is an example of top-level list-writing with special codes and abbreviations, specific lists for specific days, some great spelling mistakes and a particular obsession with barbeques. My favourite entry, however, is “curtains for Christine”. Poor Christine, she didn’t deserve that.
Exhibitions followed, along with lots of praise from experts and extended commentaries on the super colours and the distinctive cartoonish characters.
I'm deciding between:
Dave Kunst
SUZNE Blog (suzneblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
3. TPMuckraker: A favorite place to roam for rare choice morsels that somehow escape all the newspapers and appear in flashes between commercials on the TV tube but are quickly interrupted by another celebrity scandal. The TPM folks really cook some good steaks as they are frying all the low life’s in high office! Where is Jack Abramoff when you need a good laugh? LOL*) *Thanks TPM folks for the yummy stuff!*
So that's what I'm hoping to unwrap this Christmas morning. Am I the only one working on the list and shopping this early? Or am I just crazy?
“But I have reached a point in my life where I would like to consider myself an elder. I want to speak freely without fear that my words will be deemed too political, and harm the organization of which I am so proud. I am keenly aware that some governments, industries and special interest groups are working hard to silence us. They use threats to the Foundation’s charitable status in attempts to mute its powerful voice on issues that matter deeply to you and many other Canadians. This bullying demonstrates how important it is to speak out.”
5000 - 13:28.93 - Alistair Craig, Arkansas - '03
Where you begin matters. If you think of the Bible allegorically, your paraphrase will reflect personal identity more than contextual accuracy. With that said, I think there is a good deal of valuable take-aways from the book, but I wouldn’t recommend it to anyone without a clear understanding of orthodoxy and hermeneutics.
The man said, 'I only wrote the truth. I said what you said but in a different way. I wrote: Today is a beautiful day; but I cannot see it.'
And so I’ll be hitting the high street with my three ‘maids. There will be a colour palette as I think there is a need for unity of some sort, but after that they can literally pick what they like as long as a budget is adhered to and they promise they will wear it again.
But the real ass-boil in this ad comes after you get past the ridiculous comparison and silly presentation. Let's assume Glass Pops were a real product, this was a real commercial, and there were people out there buying and eating delicious Glass Pops. What, then, is the problem that Truth has with this commercial. This guy comes on and gives you real information about the dangers of their product, information that you can use to determine whether or not the risk is worth it to you to consume it. He's using no trickery, no hyped statistics, no manipulative imagery or spokesmen. He's standing in front of millions and urging everyone to get the facts and use personal responsibility before engaging in risky behavior.
“I had to leave! I met Renate outside in the street, the landlady of my studio, and I told her what had happened with the cat.”
b) in order for the story to have any kind of credibility then a large number of the cast had to die – otherwise it would just be romantic heroics.
Doodle Pantry is #8 Sylvia Blum. Congrats to these lucky ladies! Please send me an email at khasheck@gmail.com so I can connect you to the sponsors to collect your prizes. And don't forget to grab your winner's blog badge from the side of this blog to display on your blog.
I loved the way this lace doily felted in.
our people at Occupy Wall St need blankets, rain gear and warm socks! this wet, raw weather is rough. help them out if you can. it doesn't have to be new, just clean and in good condition. the address again:
Give me another ticket and I’ll stay and ride with you
They worked!
Semantics
Oh yeah, this is what has come out of vacation bible school. I can just see it now. That's going to be his excuse for everything for the next month.
1.Mazzini, L. & Mareschi, K.& Ferrero, I.& Vassallo, E.& Oliveri, G.& Nasuelli, N.& Oggioni, GD.& Testa, L.& Fagioli F. Stem cell treatment in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis. Journal of the Neurological Sciences 265 (2008) 78–83 (PubMed link)
More recently, significant data acquisition models have been developed by, amongst others, the Food and Agriculture Organisation of the United Nations (FAO)under the auspices of projects including “Operation Water Resources Management and Information Systems for the Nile Basin Countries,” and “Information Systems for Water Resources Planning and Monitoring in the Lake Victoria region.” These projects have included significant capacity building elements in Upper Nile countries, related closely to monitoring improved sustainable water resources development.
Itching that occurs all over the body may indicate a medical condition such as diabetes mellitus, liver disease, kidney failure, jaundice, thyroid disorders, and rarely, cancer. Blood disorders such as leukemia, and lymphatic conditions such as Hodgkin’s disease may sometimes cause itching as well.
$5.00 off on ONE (1) REMBRANDT Kit
Whether it was age or gravity, I do not know, but their perfect posture and sky-high height had begun to slump and bend, pulling towards the earth as a child leans for a toy. Arms reached out, patting and pinching as I passed, and my path began to veer to the right to avoid being consumed. Bending to tangle her fingers through my short hair, the boldest grew stronger as the weather warmed and I began to dread our meetings.
Benton House / 3052 S Gratten Ave, Chicago, IL
- Deborah n.102 3D Tech Top Coat (more flakies!!!)
3 sweet spring onions, chopped
Look up high, stars above
and now nothing rings as true
Looking beyond the socially constructed hottie brought to us courtesy of the Appia Group of Companies, let us consider what a Prado home is supposedly all about:
Mom, bless her heart, still had her dark dark hair when she passed away.
Paul Reid is one of those bassists who make it look effortless. Trust me, it isn’t. He’s got that fluid approach that’s easy to miss if you’re not paying attention. Paul’s been around these parts for 15 years or so. He’s spent the past several keeping various skillful (and in my opinion, unrelieved) rootsy sorts grounded (the gigs pay), but his heart belongs to Power Pop. Close enough.
I hate washing jeans. I hate washing sweat pants. And I especially hate it if I have to wash them because they’re dirty. However in the past few years I have adopted a new sense of fashion, it’s all the rage for people who miss their mouths, it’s called “I like to wear my food (and drink if I’m really not paying attention)”. I have a blue top that I have got to the point that I will not wear if I know I will be eating a meal because I think it’s spent more time being sprayed with stain remover, in the washer and on the line than it has on my body.
We got the plumber out on Monday (and he was exceptionally rude, acting like we did something wrong) and found out that they had never capped the exhaust pipe that goes from our restaurant out to the sewer so for the last who knows how many years garbage has been falling down into and backing up that pipe but since there wasn’t any occupant using as much water as we have been it hasn’t been an issue. They had to snake out the drain for about 20 yards.
Perseverance is also something a writer needs. You must stick with your dream, your desire to write. The small success I’ve attained as a writer is mine because I didn’t give up when disappointments came in the form of rejections or reviews from people who didn’t quite “get” the meaning of my story.
Ultimately, it isn’t a self-help book that is going to get us through our problems. I will not deny that a self-help book is something that can lift our spirits and have potential to bring motivation and desire, but I don’t believe that it is a fix-all therapy. So many times I hear that we cannot simply get rid of sin and be okay, but that we need to replace the sin with fruit, something beneficial and positive. It seems similar to me, being in a rut. We cannot simply eliminate the emptiness or unhappiness in our lives, because it will just come back. This reminds me of a garden weed. You don’t just cut the weed at where you cannot see it anymore. You dig your hands in there and you rip out the entire root structure of the weed. Whether you’re religious or not, your actions or in-actions impact you and your emotions and characteristics on a greater scale than you think them to. Perhaps the expression “Mind over matter” is more true than we want it to be. My favorite quote ever, which is by F. Scott Fitzgerald is a good ending for this post.
People with insurance also do not go for exams when their insurance is $4000 a year in premiums and a $5000 deductible before insurance pays anything----having to pay out of pocket for preventative screenings, usually to hear all is fine, is a waste of money. When Obama passed the mandate insisting all insurance pay for these screenings it probably saved lives.. After the mandate was passed and I got a letter from my insurance saying mammogram would be covered 100%-, this 47 year old blogger went for my first mammogram in 3 years. Everything was fine, thankfully. Had I been responsible for the $450 bill I never would have spent the money or had the test.
We were a bunch of lunatics who had found each other via SCBWI.
Focusing on the shows I have on my watch-list for this season:
feeling of lost pain
SIMON’S TOWN: Navy admiral’s wife caught shoplifting during SA Navy Festival.
I don't like having my photograph taken but this was one my
After he invaded the TARDIS disguised as the Doctor, the real Doctor expelled him into the Time Vortex. Nevertheless, Salamander still survived, helpless in the Vortex.
First, consider the spring color palette this year. Most designers favor any combination of these shades in their spring lines.
Then my "You need gas...like NOW!" light came on, so I had to stop and take care of that. I was so flustered that I put my gas purchase ($48!) on the wrong credit card.
I start to lean forward just a little bit my right foot getting ready to spring forward my hands already feeling the smooth wood of the plaque as Tim hands it to me.
Today is Jessie Harrell’s BOOK BIRTHDAY (and REAL birthday)! It’s a double whammy people! Wake up! Wake up!
Twenty-six years of Mets team sets could cost you just under $1,000.
Thank you for visiting! Have a wonderful Christmas and Happy Holidays!!!
The demons in my stories are evolving and hugely varied, many we haven’t met yet and will turn up in coming books, whilst others might not even make it into any of the stories in any big way. There are, as always, some who we will get to know better and perhaps we won’t be too afraid of them in the dark of night.
I've just added all of these to DM Muse and they should be up soon. It's a living table, which means anyone can add new entries - if you have a good idea, don't hold back.
Tony Curtis, William Fraker, Leslie Nielsen, Patricial Neal, Robert Culp, Lynn Redgrave, Jill Clayburgh, Dennis Hopper, Blake Edwards, Lena Horne and all the others.
Did the structure outlive it's usefulness?
BINTY MCSHAE: Why are ya still celebratin’ that cunt? He fucked aff an’ doesn’t deserve the time o’ day. Fer fucksake…
In 1905, during Dasara festivities Vinayak Savarkar organised setting up of a bonfire of foreign goods and clothes, as a part of a an economic move to give this country freedom. Just one century later we would love to wear nothing but Reebok and Adidas! And today we are happily listening to the British Prime Minister, Cameron, pitch for trade ties with India. I guess 100 years or 3 generations is all it takes for a country to forget all the lessons of history and to throw caution to the winds.
We left my in-laws the evening of Saturday April 14th. We left overnight because we were driving straight through Missouri and Oklahoma and didn't want to miss check in at the hotel for Sunday if we left Sunday. I will never make that drive again. When we arrived in Oklahoma we hit the worst storm I had ever driven through. 80mph wind gusts and tornado watches and warnings all around us. It was terrifying. And in Oklahoma....it's 20-30 miles between each exit. So it is nothing but pitch black all the time. And since we were driving at night, there is no such thing as 24hr rest areas or even food places. Even McDonald's had shut down at 1am. So we couldn't eat until we arrived at the hotel in Texas around lunch time.
One of the countries most affected by genetically engineered soy is Argentina, whose population is being sickened by massive spraying of herbicides across the country’s Pampas (the country’s “fertile plain”).
Many of us live in apartment buildings or in three bedroomed houses. We work to pay the rent or mortgage to ensure that we have a roof over our heads so that we do not have to worry about the elements or losing our space (unless we lose our ability to receive a pay check every month). With our physiological needs having been met, we can then focus on our need for safety, belonging, and self-esteem. Eventually attaining our need for self-actualization.
Alain de Botton is a nice fellow. I don't know him personally but I do seek out his pieces on philosophy and human behaviour. His byline photo conveys amicability, understanding and acceptance. I suppose that his recent book Religion for Atheists is a good read. But somehow his idea of creating a place of worship for non-believers in the City of London doesn't really cut the mustard with me. According to Mr de Botton, he wants to build a 46-metre tower as an antidote of what he terms as an "aggressive" and "destructive" approach to faith. More specifically, Alain wants to counteract the effect Richard Dawkins has had on the conversation on religion.
Tony Romas
No. Er...sorry, my bad. *** re-orienting brain, target re-acquired ***
-Nick Bilton
Row 6: Cast on 2 stitches, knit to the end of the row. (18 stitches)
*Hint: Capital letters are easier!
Ironically, for all that the 1% and their allies would scream to the heavens over any of these proposals, let alone the entire package, the reality is that a more egalitarian economy is better for the rich too. The more egalitarian an economy is, the broader its economic base is – with more people with disposable income to spend and invest with, the more scope there is for increasing sales and investment, and thus the more scope there is for economic growth. We’ve seen this before in the Great Compression – while the wealthiest had a smaller share of the overall income growth than they do now, their overall rate of income growth was nearly twice as high.
A few months back we received a save-the-date card for a destination wedding. Unfortunately we won't be able to make it and over some social get together Dave told the groom that we probably weren't going to make the trip. The wedding is scheduled for Memorial Day weekend.
The text reads:
He = Jesus.
Meanwhile, from 1971-1979 Port went 85-43 (66.4%) in conference play, with three championships, nine winning seasons overall, and eight winning seasons in the league (and the other was a .500 season). His SoCon finishes during that time: 1st, 4th, 3rd, 4th, 1st, 3rd, 3rd, 3rd, 1st. He finished in the upper half of the league all nine years.
Finals week is coming ahead rapidly and I can’t fully bring myself into study mode. It’s too dull so I’m giving you some thoughts.
So what's Frankfurt or Bologna all about when I visit a Fair with a client in tow? It's about face-time. It's about making the foreign publisher feel like an important part of an author's career. It's about marketing dollars and inspiring the foreign editor to choose our clients' books if it's a choice between two.
In the home where I grew up religion was not a serious issue. We subscribed to the pedestrian mainstream American view that Christianity was true, but that you didn’t have to go to Church to be a good person, and good people go to heaven, which is important, because hell is not a very nice place.
...I had one just like it at the place on 9th and Pine. It was so unpredictable that it had its own room, as did the bathtub. The toilet was so difficult it was in another part of the apartment entirely.
Team Accomplishes
We had no voice and we have found one and we will not be silenced.
I don’t know why these men keep showing up. Maybe it’s to remind me of the things I won’t put up with anymore. Maybe it’s to show me how good certain other people are. I’m not sure.
2 Tablespoons of powdered sugar
The T-Rex wood sculpture is, I think, one of Mack's birthday presents. The thing of it is that it's actually not a very good gift for a 3 year-old (it came flat packed in literally more than a hundred pieces that had to be assembled painstakingly--think lots of wood grooves and slots fitting together) and it absolutely would not hold up to any kind of rough play, which...well, you've seen kids play with dinosaurs, right? Anyway. Not the best toy. But ornamentally, it is fun. So T-Rex lives on our mantle now.
**Julie Dobbins, if you still read this BLOG, please e-mail me your new e-mail address. I have an old one and my e-mails aren't going through. We miss you guys!!!
An Ideal Husband -- Fun but slightly flat adaptation -- 2-1/2 hearts
Or, so it seams at times.
3. The throne will be established forever
It's in my DNA... has been since birth (I guess that's a given when both sides of your families are artists). Needless to say, the house has been feeling pretty soul-less with no art on the walls thus far.
Let’s get back to Lysius and the Apostle Paul. Lysius found himself in a rather precarious position. He came close to doing the forbidden thing of whipping the Roman citizen, Paul. It could have had disastrous results. On the other hand, Paul was the victim of the riotous disturbance in Jerusalem. Even then, he was able to appeal unto Caesar. Turning to Acts 25:10-12, we read,
Just reading the opening paragraphs made me remember what a wonderful piece of thinking and writing this is. And how brilliant Pope Benedict is at expressing not only the intellectual but also the heart of the matter. He also shows his practical side and that he is not isolated in an ivory tower but understands very well what it means to be human, craving the love of God and of our fellow men.
And have fought back with fire
I’d rather be weak and willing to admit that among people who don’t have the hope of Christ then playing perfect and happy.
07 Visions Of China
The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks (2008)
Synchronous Coupling (Interlocking)
The competition is fierce—and hot. And the hotter it gets, the closer they come to the brink of something they never intended…or expected.
Must you give up your dreams
Jeannie Russell, who died
EK Success/ Stamping Up Scallop Trim Corner and Border Punches
I drank my Sprite Zero and ate my peanuts which were pretty decent. It wasn’t long after that I began to see the plane descending enough where I could make out buildings, etc on the ground below. I was thinking to myself “about time” when a few minutes later, I noticed that the plane was begin to ascend again into the sky. I looked around and right at that moment the flight attendant came on the intercom and stated that the fasten seat belt light is on that everyone should remain in their seats and not form a line at the bathroom. Then came the real…the pilot came over the intercom and started by saying, “This is your pilot.” He proceeded to state that air traffic controllers were not allowing the plane we were on or any other planes land at Lambert International due to inclement weather conditions. He was advised to fly out about 80 miles and so he advised that they were just circling around out there at the moment as a result. I was like seriously? What if the plane runs out of fuel?! He said that there were other planes out there as well and I was like you mean to tell me that there are other planes out here circling as well at night in the sky waiting to land… o_O
There are so many layers in Scripture. You can read a verse or whole story several times and each time find new insights in the text. Here are some layers inside the story of the healing of the paralytic.
And days and days went by with no word on if any neighborhoods had been spared… all you saw was water, and all I could think about was how it was all gone, and I couldn’t even talk to my mom to see how they were doing. I was a wreck – not a crying wreck, but an out of it, constant TV watching, no one could get me to talk about anything wreck. Eventually, my mom was finally able to get through to me and slowly, I started hearing from other friends and family and while I definitely know people who were stuck in the storm and went through some terrifying experiences, I am one of the most blessed people to be able to say I don’t know anyone who died in the storm.
When the call came I was in a taxi near the Ecole Normale Superieure (in Quartier du Fleuve), where a normally two-way street had suddenly and quite spontaneously become one-way east-bound, with both lanes moving in the same direction, albeit slowly due to heavy congestion. I heard a few shots fired near the Central Bank tower but couldn’t see where they’d come from or what caused them.
Me: Yes they do, and there’s that other one that looks like them too.
What it means
Who said what…where you went…what you saw
09. Life Is A Perception Of Your Own Reality
Fuck these twenty-one year old thoughts!
garlic, 2 cloves, julienne cut
And i told you that it was a secret
On the back of the sticker, is not much of a tip, really. It's more like "how to play" (as if you couldn't read that off the game cabinet) than techniques on how to win. A little disappointing. However, the blood donor-like high score register is a nice touch. Nothing would get you girls faster in the 80s like having a blank sticker back in your wallet to write down your TRON high scores.
Bruce Wilson – Sustainability and energy efficiency. I plan to be a certified LEEDS consultant this year. I think the era of concept-driven architectural expression is drawings to a close. It will take a backseat to greener buildings. Here is a link to TED that everyone should see:
On the way to Las Vegas, I felt intrigued by the landscape and watched it all pass by with a smile. On the way back to San Francisco, I felt a sadness emanating from the lands as we cruised on up Highway 5. The dryness of the area, the monotonous tones....I realized that I wouldn't want to live in areas like this.
According to an arrest report, Keeton’s wife told deputies they had been married for four years but have been having numerous arguments lately. She told deputies that when she came home early in the morning, Keeton began arguing with her at which time she told him she wanted to separate and wanted him to leave.
The repairman finally turned to us and said, “I think this computer has a virus. I’d like to take the hard drive in to work on it.”
-Sabrina Fulton, Trayvon’s mother
My honesty cost me some friends, family members and even a client or two. If you live honestly — and are totally true to yourself — it may not make you the most popular person on the planet. But in the long run, I will always defend that it’s the best way to live.
We have just been away for a few days, for our first little family holiday. We had a lovely time catching up with friends and family, and a little bit of relaxing and swimming as well. It was a wonderful long weekend, but I also couldn't wait to get home so that I could share with you some professional photos we had taken of us a couple of weeks ago, by very talented Hsu-Yin.
Let’s talk first about the (much more fabulous) trip to Spain first. My time in Spain happened to overlap with Michelle Obama’s time there as well. So this means that your First Lady and your queen were in Spain at the same time. Okay, I’ve been saving that joke for a long time.
As far as he was concerned, a shark’s ecological value was inestimable. Not only did they weed out sick and weak fish, leaving the healthiest to breed but as apex predators they kept other carnivores in check, preventing them from depleting the algae-eating fish that kept the coral reefs healthy.
Michael J. Wilkins
I have a 19 year old cat, Gabby, who helps me write by sitting in front of my computer monitor – she’s helping right now as a matter of fact
turning the forest into pitch.
Didn’t take any courage
I believe if we all work together, we can rid sports of this obscene scourge. It’s a win for everybody. We return sports to the greatness of my childhood. We teach children watching their sports heroes that it’s NOT okay to be a punk. AND we all get to laugh when we watch Duke basketball players forced to play defense in a manner that is something other than standing still and hoping to get run into.
This is my backbone, my spine externally represented and revealed.
Below are some pics from my mom and my garden. Also, in other exciting news, I went to Seattle and met EcoWhore. She was every bit as awesome as she comes off in her blog. It was a momentous occasion for me, because it was her blog, Hobostripper, that inspired me to start writing again. She is someone that I think a lot of people would benefit from reading. I also met another fan of hers, who was very cool too, a poet who told me all about the Groovy Jews House in Seattle. She also said that if something terrifies her, that means that she should probably do it. That made me feel really good for some reason.
the start of the interruption to the supply of gas – in early 2011 – Israel should have accelerated the development of the underwater gas fields, because the old Israeli reserve (Yam Thetis, since 2002) is dwindling and the flow from the Tamar field is expected to start only in the second quarter of 2013. This situation is one of the reasons for the increased cost of electricity in Israel and the expected brownouts this summer. What is needed now is a special
Butter (or spray) an 8" square baking pan.
Unconditional love.
The soft glowing light inside the fireplace is just a pleasure to behold.
Thanks, Grace for a job well done!
Indeed. The reason I haven't posted a blog since the New Year has been that I've been consumed writing my latest book, which, I'm happy to report, is turning out to be every bit as agonizing, soul-crushing, and demented as my other three.
Artist: James Blunt
This image shows the Hems workshop, and is seemingly deserted. We know Hems was an incredible self-publicist, obsessed by appearance (see the image at the top), so whenever I look at this image (the image just abive), I wonder first who took it; second what it was aimed to show and to whom, and thirdly whether the white statue that seems to glare back at the viewer had a particular significance for the person who took the image. Whereas the first image shows the artist at work, this image shows the tools and even processes of production. Production of what, you may ask… of appearance?
-Additionally, the much-talked-about State and City budget cuts include cuts to health and social services- including but not limited to Oral Health Services, a Manhattan STD clinic, Summer School Nurses & Dentists, and reductions in the Health and Hospital Corporation’s budget.
It is a simple creative idea for a greeting card. However, I wonder how many people actually found it to be fun. The messages could be funnier to add a bit of Christmas excitement and spirit rather than a song sung by 12 people, same song with different verses by different people. Not the ultimate QR code fun I believe. Wouldn’t you want to surprise or reward people for taking the effort to scan a QR code. I just believe the result on scanning should be a bit more fun rather than usual stuff for festive season.
About a year and a half ago, Raider International Publishing became the first self-publishing service reviewed by The Independent Publishing Magazine to be listed as 'not recommended' and that decision came from a long list of author complaints I received about this publishing service over the past two years. Sad, because buried in Raider some years back was the inspiration and will to be a strong publishing service. I'm not going to go back over much coverage of Raider again here, but a browse using the links or site search feature will fill you in on Raider's development from it's launch in 2005.
SO…after much prayer and meditation…the Spirit of YOLO was born lol
4 doesn
Automobiles had been a part of midtown Manhattan since the beginning of the 20th century, with dealerships lining the streets of the plaza that would soon take the name Times Square. But it wouldn't be until the 1920s that the city recognized a crisis that would bedevil New Yorkers into today -- where do you park your car?
I haven't let that stop me enjoying myself along the paths Gately has illuminated though: I go to as many of these festivals as I can. The Jack in the Green Festival in Hastings on May Bank Holiday is a marvellous release of pagan lust and joy until about 4pm, when everyone goes back home and puts the kettle on. And I'll soon be writing about various Wassails I went to in January - hundreds of people standing in a muddy farmyard at night in the middle of January, worshipping trees and getting riotously pissed, smack in the middle of the grimmest time of the year - it makes me tear up just thinking about what a wonderful expression of the human spirit this is.
To ensure that survivors continue to live at home independently and with dignity, JCFS case managers facilitate in-home support including housekeeping and laundry services, kosher food home delivery, meal preparation, medication management, transportation services, and bathing and grooming assistance. Holocaust Community Services also offers counseling and support and referral services to survivors and their heirs in the process of applying for various reparations and compensation programs.
Frankie Stein (Honorary Ed) art Robert Nixon
BUT, let me just tell you... it's all straight seams, so who needs a tutorial? I used the old pillow covers as a size guide, and just cut my fabric about 1 1/2" bigger. I made an envelope closure, which while inside out to sew it did stump me for a min. I just suggest to pin it all up and basically turn it right side out to make sure it's what you want, then turn it inside out again, and sew!
He sailed down the river for a while, one eye on the map and the other on the clouds. When he came to the mountains he tied his boat to the broken jetty and crossed them on foot with his pack slung over his shoulder.
But does Wright possibly have too much affection for Scott Pilgrim and his media-saturated consciousness? Cera—following his attempt earlier this year in Youth in Revolt to play at least somewhat against his typical fey image—doesn't shy away from showing Scott's self-absorbed and immature side, but as the film progresses, one might begin to wonder if perhaps Wright is, however unintentionally, coddling his main character's self-absorption through his visual style, enshrining it rather than maintaining a necessary distance from it for the film's supposedly redemptive conclusion to come off. As it is, though, the film ends in a manner that makes its main character's arc from neediness to "self-respect" seem rather disingenuous. Maybe Wright got so wrapped up in creating his singular cinematic world that he eventually lost track of the real people populating it.
** If you want to help expose the lie which is Britain's Got Talent, please feel free to republish this article or post a link to it
1 habit
So it has been just over a month since my last post. We had an amazing Christmas. We are so blessed to live in such an amazing community. We reciaved so much from so many people. Our kids had the best Christmas ever. It was such a treat to watch them open there gifts and give there gifts. It was such an amazing holiday and the highlight of a long and hard year. I can't tell you all enough how grateful we are to have you a part of our lives and how much we appreciate you!!!
I am entering this card in the Anything Goes - Just Keep on Creating challenge at http://justkeeponcreating.blogspot.com.au/ . This is their first Challenge and my first ever Challenge entry so I reckon that's a good way for me to start out taking the plunge into the world of Blog Challenges. Go on take the plunge with me and put in an entry :)
Azeebo
In the end we got 55 memories as well as pictures. My uncle sent us a ton of pictures of my mom as a little girl! So fun looking through them all!
I took a pregnancy test on the earliest day the test said I could- a Friday. And it said "Negative".
Adapted from Williams-Sonoma Kids Baking, by Abigail Johnson Dodge
Sorry this chapter took so long to get out—regular excuses apply, as in Amazen and I weren’t really hearing from the TWIT muses and I was busy on My Private Eye and my original fiction. Hope you haven’t given up on the story!
The City is our last Urban Trawl, and it is the smallest and oldest place to be covered; the Roman colonial city that became English capital that became strange, depopulated autonomous centre of gentlemanly finance, or rather the expression in space of the British Empire's funding system. Since 1986 it has taken on another life. Still not residential, still unencumbered by representative democracy or common law, the City has become the fulcrum of a system of offshore, unregulated finance, sprouting colonies on the Isle of Dogs, Borough, Holborn (sorry, 'Midtown') and elsewhere. It is Old Corruption in 'transparent' braced glass. The place where Lehman Brothers did the things that even Wall Street wouldn't let them do. The heart of darkness at the root of the UK's malaise. Everything from slavery to suburbanisation, imperialism to deindustrialisation, can be traced to here. It is a place which has long deserved a serious reckoning.
Haing S. Ngor (The Killing Fields)
I am reminded of the story of a young woman who had an abortion after getting pregnant for her boyfriend of five years. Besides having to suffer the emotional and psychological trauma of the termination, her boyfriend was gentleman enough to break up with her shortly afterwards, claiming he can only get married to a virgin. There’s so many heart breaking things about the girl’s story, but what hurt the most was she had no one to confide in, the only person who knew her story was the nurse who helped with the procedure. I’ve been told some nurses who speak with the patients who have procedure after 19 weeks tend to ask the woman if she would like to see the child, why anyone in that situation would choose to be haunted by such a sight is beyond me, but this girl did. She looked at what could have been her child – i can only imagine that such a memory is enough to scar her for life.
The greatest beneficiary of my messages has been me. It has given me reason and purpose to write down my thoughts. Because I use a lot of personal experiences it has become somewhat of a journal. It has driven me to the scriptures on a daily basis. Often I find myself overwhelmed with the spirit while in the mist of writing. At times I find myself in tears as I recall experiences of the past. Memories come flooding back into my mind as I search for a daily message to impart. Often I read my messages to my wife verbally out loud when I get home from work. It’s become a daily habit. More times than I can remember I get emotional as I read them to her. She is patient in listening and usually says, “That’s a good one!” each time I finish. She has given me wonderful support over the past five years with my writings. She believes that it connects our family and she encourages me to continue.
I took about a 1/3 cup of powdered milk and put it in a container. Then I slowly added warm/hot water little by little while stirring with my finger. I wanted to do a mask so I needed it to be more of a paste rather than liquid. My powdered milk was kind of chunky so while stirring I would try to smooth out the chunks to become a smooth paste.. It worked... but not really. And thats ok.
A man claiming to be your friend tells you your services are required. Something crucial has been stolen, but what he tells you about it doesn't quite add up. You've got to get it back or something bad is going to happen. And you've got to get it back fast, so they can freeze you again before your own time runs out.
I planned to take Lance to The Woodshed Smokehouse, a new restaurant by Tim Love...
Kanu sold another of
9 am - 5 pm
My initial answer is that people try and chat me up enough as it is- I’d just be opening a flood gate of “how do I get abs?” if I flounced around wearing a crop top!
Writing, Ueland says, is a way to find your true self. ‘And why find it? Because it is, I think, your immortal soul and the life of the Spirit, and if we can only free it and respect it and not run it down, and let it move and work, it is the way to be happier and greater.’
"Homosexual behavior violates God's intentional design for gender and sexuality."
This will be a month in which many plans that have been held up will move forward as Mercury goes direct on the 4th and Mars goes direct on the 14th. Stocks have moved upward last month, mainly because corporations were “buying back” their own stock. I think that there will be more hiring as Mars in Virgo (employment) moves forward into a trine with Pluto in May and Jupiter remains in Taurus through June 11th. Instead of people buying homes, investors will be buying properties to rent since this is a good place to be in these hard times when so many have gone through foreclosures and need a place to live. On April 10th, Venus will hit the Moon’s South Node and sextile Uranus. Venus, among other things, is the ruler of currencies and will set the stage for a shifting in the value of the dollar as the global currency vs. China’s currency, the yuan. Between the 6th and the 9th, Venus is square first Neptune and then Mars, all of which points to serious confusion around the value of currencies.
If I am wrong and I simply go into the earth, and I don’t receive that immortal body I hoped for, a flaming maple or pink dogwood tree may curl their root fingers around my bones, or perhaps I can enrich the soil under a patch of wild violets or daffodils. All is not lost. Someone on Earth may remember a small kindness I showed them, or a day when I inspired them. I would rather believe, even if I turned out to be wrong. I love walking in a sacred manner, seeking God in the midst of holy things and people.
Bread crumbs - 2 -3 tsp
Consider the possibility that you really are just a jerk and nobody should like you.
2tbsp treacle
After you reach level 140, no scrolls out of Ani’s box are obtainable anymore.
I did a little clothes shopping today, but that’s for today’s self evaluation.
They would have surely come with true intent,
at the Dream Studio, Lagos.
Keep in mind that Libya has over 3.5% of the world’s oil reserves, which is twice the amount present in the United States. Without being an economic determinist, oil certainly helps explain the preferential treatment being given to insurrection in Libya!
5) Get your budget in order and approved. You don’t have much time as your fiscal year may have started without an allotment of money.
Tomorrow is Monday and I love to go back to work. Perhaps that is worth more than a paycheck :)
“I am profoundly convinced that if this immediate threat is not sharply challenged and then fought with as great a persistence as has been shown over recent years by those who have worked for this engine of oppression, then many further uses of law and of the power of the state for shaping men’s minds will follow.”
Current Weight: 279.8
The Fling – Wanderingfoot (Dangerbird)
Their descriptive faces and bodies leaning forward, their thoughts had to have been of home yet willing to serve their country. Their are 32 granite slabs as you keep walking up to the first soldier. This was my favorite memorial!
All you gotta do is comment your way through the hop and YOU could be a lucky winner!!!
He used to be sewn to his mom, and Junior was perfectly content to keep the pair that way until one of his friends came over and ripped the thread, separating them.
Leighanna Light I grab a cup of coffee & sit down in my studio, that's really all it takes!!
Filling and Topping:
Like Cimarron, Show Boat tells a much bigger story with such themes as race relations (miscegenation and the treatment of African Americans) and the history of American show business. The story begins in the 1880s and ends at the then present day. I think the movie excellently captures the progression of American music and theater from minstrel shows to music halls to Broadway. The family story of the Hawks and Ravenals might be written off as “dated sentimentality”, but I’m a sucker for that stuff and my tears spilled over during the final scene of recognition and reunion.
5. When others comment asking to be interviewed, you will ask them five questions.
Apparently my comment (and those of the other commenters) triggered some further interest on Claytons part about rape in the muslim world; particularly in the context of Surah 23:1-11
She: Umm, no.
Teen Daughter: "But I just washed my hair-er!"
THAT blows my mind.
S5-101 Wings of Hope
Lots of goodness in each cup.
The next day, we awoke before sunrise to hike in Corcovado National Park. The animals are more active during the morning and we could beat some of the heat. This area is frighteningly hot and humid; you live in a constant state of sweating. The national park is famous for its abundance of reptiles, birds, mammals, trees, orchids, butterflies, and insects. Supposedly five percent of the world’s species can be found in the national park. The trail meanders through thick jungle vegetation overlooking the beach and just teaming with wildlife. You hike much slower in this environment, utilizing all your senses trying to spot any movement of life. When you do spot something it’s pretty exciting. The first mammal spotted was one white-nosed coati, which we thought was pretty cool. But later in the day we stood right next to a family of ten coatis while they climbed trees, ate plantains, dug holes, and cruised the jungle floor. It was almost surreal to be miles in the jungle and so close to animals in their environment. Some of the other animals we saw were tayras, lizards, squirrels, butterflies, beetles, ants, spiders, hawks, falcons, egrets, macaws, numerous other birds, a crocodile, and more crabs (of course). It was really a special experience.
Keeping his eyes on Dora's face, trying not to think about Taslin, the warmth of her lap on the back of his hand, the sensual slide of her skirt, her arm close to his so that it raised a tingle of static in the hair at his wrist... he tried again. Keeping his eyes on Dora's face, watching for another stir that would bring her to wakefulness, he slid the blanket down the back of her dress.
“The plant might also be considered worthy of veneration because from its crushed leaves, petals, stalks, or roots could be extracted healing unctions, essences, or drugs affecting the nature and intelligence of human beings – such as the poppy and the ancient herbs of prophecy. The plant might also be regarded as efficacious in the cure of many diseases because its fruit, leaves, petals, or roots bore a resemblance in shape or color to parts or organs of the human body. For example, the distilled juices of certain species of ferns, also the hairy moss growing upon oaks, and the thistledown were said to have the power of growing hair; the dentaria, which resembles a tooth in shape, was said to cure the toothache; and the palma Christi plant, because of its shape, cured all afflictions of the hands.”
Moreover, any parent who feels placated by such a policy is a moron. The overwhelming majority of sex offenses against children are committed by non-strangers. If an airline doesn't feel it can protect your child from inflight molestation without segregating men from children, you shouldn't be letting your child fly that airline alone in the first place.
Take the challenge with me this week to carry your Ritual with you everywhere you go. Live your Ritual by learning a little more about it. Live your Ritual by showing compassion and sincerity. Live your Ritual by reaching out to others and sharing your experiences. Live your Ritual by going the extra mile, or showing the extra effort.
A lot of times the only problem with specializing is that the training toolbox is small, and if the trainer just so happens to get a quick fix certification to be called a certified trainer then that person might have a hard time understanding all the needs you have. This obviously doesn’t apply to everyone.
An interesting example of how stories are distorted in the telling, and how 'news' is created. Yesterday, at my place of work, there was a power cut. It happened around lunch time. I went out of my office to see if it was just my room, or more general. It was quickly apparent that the whole campus had lost electricity. Soon, a helicopter, a fire engine and two ambulances arrived. People on the corridor were immediately speculating as to what had caused the problem. In the space of three minutes I heard that construction workers on site had cut through cables, that there had been an explosion in a lab, and that there had been an explosion elsewhere, that the helicopter was there to take someone seriously injured to hospital. The local press reported it as a major incident.What had actually happened, it transpired, was that a power cut in the area had caused a distribution board to short-circuit, making a loud bang. Maybe whoever called 999 had been a little over-dramatic in describing the event. I imagine that person is a bit embarrassed.
How do you defend a city surrounded by enemies and riddled with traitors, when your allies can by no means be trusted, and your predecessor vanished without trace? It's enough to make a torturer want to run – if he could even walk without a stick – and Inquisitor Glokta needs to find answers before the Gurkish army comes knocking at the gates.
stalking the droning, buzzy flies.
"Ready" I said, though clearly, I wasn't.
It is a weird dualism that perhaps lies at the heart of art, writing, and theatre - the ability to lie, or misrepresent, or alter, to get to greater truths. This particular season has scraped up against this basic fact a number of times, and now my concerns have spilled out over NPR about at which point it turned from being art and into being a sin.
And it wakes up again the moment my head hits the pillow.
Nowhere else in the world would a plural society be made all the more alienated from itself by allowing kids to study in the company of those who are more culturally and linguistically closer to them.
For John, logos (Word) was _______________________.
Finally, being smart is a necessary threat. Women must capitalize their worth beyond their curves. My little sister thinks she wants to be a nurse. Although her grades in science may not be the best, teachers should take her under their wings to make sure she doesn’t lose her steam. They should provide her with the tools and help she may need to stay true to her dream, especially as a young lady that navigates the world as a dark-skinned beauty. Our mom always says that as young Black women, we need the promise of intelligence on our inner resumes.
Servings: Two adult portions
But with cookies and milk he’d be filled to the brim.
Toss in the cubed butter. Mash the butter with a fork into the dry ingredients (you can also use your fingers if you want). You'll want to achieve a more-or-less uniform, tan-colored crumbly mixture. Take HALF of this resulting crumbly mixture into your springform (9”/23cm) pan. Press a crust out of it using your fingers and knuckles. It will be easy.
and write boring notes to self.
You know now that this game, if it can be called that, is on another level (to use that tired cliche for once when it actually fits).
This is my favourite kind of outfit: comfy (really, it is!), chic and flattering. And you can't go wrong with a houndstooth plaid.
Make these fabulous earrings with dangles of chain to give you an in style look. The white stone is actually a drusy which is beautifull but hard to photograph.
would I go? What would I want to find out? And perhaps more importantly, what
The truth is that, for a while, I gave up. My husband wasn't even intent on teaching them Chinese (although he is "on board" now). We visited a non-profit Chinese school about 2 years ago, only to be discouraged by some other parents we met and overwhelmed by the commitment that it would obviously take. Believe it or not, during this time I actually bought some Spanish books! It was my minor in college, so I thought I'd just take a ride down the easiest road. But, I found that I just wasn't enthused to teach them a language that had no connection to their ethnic & cultural heritage. Then, one day, I was looking at my tiniest one and I just thought, "It's not too late for him. Or for any of them, really. In fact, my daughter isn't even 4 yet . . ." The search for a way to learn Mandarin was born!
There some loved one lies at rest, no more to know a loved caress.
-mechanical pencil
Since I am a slacker (Ha ha! I've hardly had a moment of rest in I don't know how long. This running a cafe and a farm, and having three kids in sports stuff is hard work.) and am late on my agent post, I'm going to give you two posts in the next two days--as long as life cooperates! First up, Michelle Humphrey of Martha Kaplan Agency:
As for the reaction of those in Congress, I am a little disturbed by the haughtiness of those who believe that they need more protection for themselves in the wake of this attack. I say if they can afford it, they should absolutely hire more security for themselves out of their own means, not that of the taxpayers. Otherwise, they can live under the same laws and in the same environment they have set up for the rest of us to live in. If DC is a gun-free zone, then those laws need to apply to them too. If their district does not allow for "shall issue" concealed carry permits, then they shouldn't have any special privileges for self protection either.
“All those guys have had ample time in my opinion to take a hold of it,” Richt said, pointing also to upperclassman Caleb King. “No one has. That’s been the most disappointing (thing for) me probably the last couple seasons is that, that position didn’t get solidified by somebody there who was capable.”
“There’s a shocking amount of oil in the deep water, relative to what you see in the surface water,” said Samantha Joye, a researcher at the University of Georgia who is involved in one of the first scientific missions to gather details about what is happening in the gulf. “There’s a tremendous amount of oil in multiple layers, three or four or five layers deep in the water column.”
God created us in His image, in His likeness, so that we might be in relationship with Him and understand who He is. Pondering how I am body, mind, and soul, but am still only one human being, helps me to understand the nature of the One true God as Father, Son, and Holy Spirit. Three truly can be One.
13. The World is Full of Crashing Bores (Quarry)
I am a condiment fanatic especially when it comes to hot sauces and mustards. But store-bought condiments, if not careful, can add some pretty hefty calories to your meal. Some have a lot of added sugar or even worse corn syrup while others are laden with very unhealthy ingredients, additives, preservatives and taste boosters like evil MSG, so beware.
Lokah samastha sukhino bavanthu
Here's one of Sendak's poems set to music by Carole King. Sendak was a grump and a curmudgeon and a tortured soul with a wild imagination; he was brilliant and we couldn't get enough of him; he'll be missed.
To be honest, before receiving the products I had heard of mark. but had never used any of their items. I was excited to try them out. I'll admit that I'm not the best with makeup but I do enjoy wearing it. New makeup is always fun! I haven't been wearing too much lately but with the warmer weather I like to wear light makeup. I also feel better about myself when I'm wearing makeup, which is something I can use right now with my growing belly.
And to my incredibly special Mom......I love you sooo much, it seems we often say the least to those we love the most, but I do hope you know just how much I love, cherish and adore you, and that I hit the family jackpot to have you and dad as my parents! You are truly one in a million:) Thank you thank you thank you for being you. See everyone on Monday!
Faith spotted this area in East Liberty and it was her idea to clean it up. It took 7 of us about an hour to pick up 4 or 5 bags of trash and pull weeds but boy oh boy did it look great when we were done. And Faith was bursting at the seams when she saw "her area" all cleaned up. We went out for lunch after this project and she devoured a huge plate of spaghetti and garlic bread-she had really worked up an appetite! I was one proud mama to see my kiddos cleaning up the city.
I picked up a book in one of the few Amsterdam bookstores with mainly English products. It was a book by KRS-one, I think a type of self-help book. Basically it was a bunch of reasons why a young person of color should live their lives in a particular manner. I opened up to a random page and the Master Teacher was writing about walking, and how it’s the best mode of transportation if you want to learn from the world around you.
South Block, Raisina Hill
The commission also called on Brazil, in a letter dated April 1, to take “protective measures” for a dozen indigenous peoples living in the Xingu River basin.
Barb had planned on becoming active with the Red Cross after she retired, but was only recently able to join us. She's working on completing her training as a disaster services volunteer, but in the meantime she comes in each week and helps us out, "so that I can contribute somehow," according to Barb. I would like to point out that Barb contributes a lot by being the first contact for many of our clients after they've experienced a disaster. Her kindness and patience make a big difference and we are happy to have her helping us in our office.
I was reading out of my daily devotional and this really spoke to me.
Being as cackhanded online as I am tongue-tied in public I have failed to find these equality impact assessments on our website so have asked the relevant officers to let me have copies. Since challenging discrimination and winning equality is at the heart of UNISON's policies (http://www.unison.org.uk/equality/) I am sure I shall soon see these assessments and be able to publish links to them.
I made this CAS birthday card with baseball theme for today’s Kitchen Sink Monday!! I decided to use my son’s baseball team colors, which are Huston Astros’ old team colors.
Who did he pick randomly out of my hand (because a hat wasn't actually available)?
This is a GABF silver medallist - can't see it myself.
I’m going to guess that it’s happened to you, too. That is, when you’ve tried to solve a problem you’ve immediately gone to your head. Your head can be a lonely place or it could be a complete party telling you, “That will work!” then another voice pops up and says, “No it won’t!” All these conversations just trying to help you along when in fact it just muddy’s the water. Almost like it will swallow you up if you let it. You try to see the bottom of the water you are standing in, and all you feel are the catfish nibbling at your feet. Yikes, that feels weird.
Have you ever owned something that you felt represents who you are better than anything else ever has?
You have common thoughts or interests, or not, but you find the discussion interesting nevertheless.
by J. Anderson Coats
I need a bigger return on my investment. If I'm buying a pack, I like to have heard of all the players in the pack. And, even more importantly, I want to be assured that all the players in the pack are or will be major league baseball players.
The stranger turned his face toward the bartender. His beard was dirt filled and patchy, parts of it looked to have been torn out recently. A voice, barely louder than a whisper, escaped his lips, “How about a glass of mind your fuckin’ business?”
Yep, I’m falling for ya but there’s nothin wrong with that
Issue #1: Heat
Caleb is in the 75% for height and the 90% for weight.
Mikkeller Beer Geek Breakfast
Keri: No you didn't.
I'm gutted. I love my Sunday mornings on the wireless and if I'm going to miss one I'd at least like the luxury of a lie in. It seems I can't have that either. I have an illness that makes lying down more painful. Go me.
I was suppose to meet with Becca and Addi for lunch the other day at a Chinese joint. I sorta slept in. The worst part is that the night before I had haggled Becca into having lunch at 11:30 instead of 2:00 because I'm pretty much starving for lunch by 10:30. I thought it was a great compromise. Unfortunately, due to not being able to sleep the night before - I definitely overslept. When I woke up I completely forgot about lunch. So I got up and sleepily started blogging and around 11:45 I got a call from Becca - panic - I told her I was nearly on my way (mostly left out the part that I had to shower and get dressed too...)
Socks: Primark again
changed as the child grows. Candace used high end materials
She writes a story about a "racist" incident she was involved in, and it illustrated nicely how she thinks. "So it was white-guy to white-guy, the way of small town white patriarchal hegemony", she writes, mistaking an old man's clumsy attempt to be friendly for vicious "racism".
David Edward Edison Sloane, great-grandson of Thomas Edison, is upset that congress has delayed funding the enforcement of the effective ban on incandescent bulbs. He asks in this article at CNN.com “How can inventor-entrepreneurs like Edison make a profit if every time they try to make a technological advance some nut in Congress pulls the rug out from under the (sic) them and their breakthroughs?”
* While some of these are Great Movies, most are simply my personal favorites, the movies I enjoy watching again and again. No pretentions here.
"The Trestle"
June 4
This captain of the Brooklyn station of the SA Police marks the accident
An answer to my prayers, a country road opened up,
You can read more about the Wessex Festival on Steve's blog and don't forget to leave him a comment to say you've visited. Oh yeah... and don't forget to leave me a comment as well. I do like comments. :)
(That difference between Street, as in Ava Winston’s block, and Place, as in Anita Friday’s, trips up just about any driver new to Queens. Perhaps the subject of another post, if I ever come across a dream of being lost and bewildered by Streets, Places, Roads, Avenues, Terraces, and Circles.)
Be jealous reader, even if you aren't a food whore like me.
The endorphins pump in doing their trick
Great Brewfest Kodo – Brewfest (drop – rare)
Throughout the show, the band often goes into the first few rows. I have always wanted to be the guy in the front row they slap hands with. Why? I have no idea. Well, the rear platform, near where we were sitting, was better than that. Why? Well because it allowed us to get this close to the performers.
I then repeated the process with the houses and sun on stickyback canvas, cut them out and layered onto the canvas board with glue gel. I die-cut the fence from painted sticky back canvas and using glue gel again adhered it to the canvas either side of the middle house.
The school motto of Pei Chun Public School in Chinese is “礼义廉耻” (Courtesy, Justice, Honesty, Honour). Lee tendered his resignation from the school last year December after he was called up by the police for investigations.
I reached for the handle, but it wouldn’t budge, a voice spoke in my head and said “Forgive me daughter, you are not quite ready.” A little freaked out; I dropped the flashlight and hastened out the door, which locked behind me.
On February 6, Tory MP Stephen Woodworth called for a special committee to examine when human life begins, a call opponents say is an excuse to reopen the debate over abortion.
In hindsight, this will hopefully profit Scotland for an independent future, in the hope that the commonwealth games exceed its full potential in making money from both games and commercial income.
farro salad with ricotta salata, toasted walnuts, parsley & dill
I was going to rail on the various surviving candidates here, but this posting has gone on long enough, and to be honest, while I'd like to see a viable Republican with a solid message in the race, I'm really not going to vote for any of these guys. However, the Washington caucuses are kinda open, which means you have to sign a form saying you won't show up for the Dem caucuses, but otherwise it is available to all. But if you're a Dem, you shouldn't show up just to throw a monkey wrench in the works, which some have suggested. Why?
A new Ikea desk assembled by Dad was installed to provided maximum homework and laptop space.
Last but certainly not least, thank you to the WordPress gods and readers for giving me the chance to feel like a real writer. May every blogger know the thrill of FPSS.
4. Boy Lilikoi – 4:30
With foundation paper piecing, the sewist uses a marked foundation of muslin or paper and stitches fabric to it for precision piecing oftentimes not otherwise possible. Paper foundations are removed, muslin foundations usually remain in the quilt. Examples of foundation paper pieced patters are mariner's compass and other intricate works with small pieces such as this cardinal. See Carol Doak's website for additional examples.
You can have all the makeup you want, as long as you are actually going to be using it.
remembered for Jesus and that He only came to earth to die for the sins of the world and redeem mankind.
detrimental to cultural diversity.
I'm just off to make their little brother.
“These rights are guaranteed by our federal constitution. It is fortunate that Masing does not hold any important portfolio in the federal government as he refuses to understand the basic principle of democracy and the rights of individuals.”
River Song is back in all her glory and if that dress is an indicator, then it's a River from The Time Of Angels/Flesh And Stone as well. However, she's outside the TARDIS at a graveyard, which cannot be good. Apparently, it's not as Rory is supposed to have been sent back in time, courtesy of a Weeping Angel, resulting in a rather drastic decision from Amy as well.
But I don’t speak. I don’t dare.
I went for easy this week, along with recipes I know I will love to take for lunch!
As we pointed out yesterday, not every member of the OWS movement advocates killing cops. Nor do they all think working hard is “bullshit.” But some apparently do, which makes the movement as a whole look ridiculous. In other words, any point OWS may have is immediately lost when idiots like “Mantelln” open their mouths (or bite cops, dress like hobos, sleep in the street, or dump buckets of feces and urine in lower Manhattan).
“So Daniel, I noticed you were browsing my website looking for a network marketing opportunity. Have you ever done networking before?” Now just listen to their answer..
The Figure8 is filled with straight 8 beat schizophrenic guitar and synthesizers, and the we want to make all of the audience dance, tripping, everything. We dream in an electronic organic space.
It is quite obvious the end is near for Representative Ron Paul and his valiant run to restore liberty in America by winning the Presidency of the United States. Even though his valiant and patriotic effort will not propel him to the general election his Revolution will continue. Ron Paul has inspired the young as well as the old. Individuals who love liberty and understand the need to return to constitutional governance will carry on the fight!.
Taking a leaf out of South Korea’s hardcore gaming scene, what if the Chinese government decided to implement a hardware-level 10pm curfew for video games? Or some code that automatically turns negative mentions of Hu Jintao (the Chinese president) into positives, and inserts a few honorifics at the same time. Or a latent botnet of hundreds of millions of computers that can be activated upon the commencement of World War III. Or, or, or…
Calories: 330
~Fyodor Dostoevsky
I’m not the only one dealing with mental or physical health challenges and everyone I know has unexpected things occur, multiple responsibilities, and other people with needs and wants in their lives, yet it seems like just about everyone I know dealing with this combination of things still manages to get things done and move forward in their lives. They may not be able to accomplish all they want to accomplish or achieve the level of quality they strive for, but they still achieve and accomplish.
- Price: Only 30 euro
November 08, 2009 9:42 AM
It was an awesome event - with local "models" walking down the runway with their four legged friends. The models are just local citizens who are committed to raising at least $5,000 to participate. The highest "earner" raised $41,000 for the Humane Society - INCREDIBLE!
*My dog rocks. I know this goes without saying, but I really do think I have a great dog in Coda. She's just a GOOD DOG. I couldn't ask for a better doggy companion. Especially after she's put up with me being sick on the couch for over a week. We were finally able to play a little in the empty lot nearby tonight. And then we had to stop when she took off after a little chihuahua mix. :/
John McCain ran for president in 2008, and prior to the general election he agreed with Barack Obama to conduct their general-election campaigns with public financing and the concomitant limits. Barack Obama, however, after realizing how easy he could significantly out-raise McCain with private financing, reneged on that agreement and decided to run his campaign with much more expensive private financing.
The script, believe it or not, was based on a book called "The Day the World Ended" by Gordon Thomas and Max Morgan-Witts, which itself was about a real volcanic eruption that happened in 1901. BUT, the script concocted from this book by Carl Foreman and Stirling Silliphant piles on contrivance after contrivance and shoves in soap opera developments at odd angles to the "plot" so that more than boom-booms and rumble-rumble, we get hidden resentments, romantic tussles, backstabbing traitors, breathless declarations and meaningful stares. Lots of 'em.
This blog isn't a 101 site. So for those just discovering unschooling, I've created an Unschooling 101 + Comment Policy page (see it right there at the top right, easily visible to everyone who stumbles upon this blog?)! I've attempted to cover all of the most common initial reactions/thoughts people tend to express, as well as making it clear what type of comments will not be accepted on this blog. I hope this will serve as a good primer to those just discovering unschooling, as well as hopefully cut down on some negative comments on this blog!
It was not just that he had never been an MP or even a councillor but he also had none of the clout of his more illustrious predecessors such as Cecil Parkinson and Norman Tebbit.
So it would appear that tickets are selling and people have gotten the message. And no, not just from me. There’s this little publication called the Arizona Republic that’s spilled some ink on behalf of the concert. You can read a recent piece here.
Is it more disturbing or shocking could not make out? I am talking about the behaviour of the queen of jungle the lioness in Serengeti. When a new lion takes over the territory of an older one, there is fight in which either the challenger or the current leader of the pride has to retreat. In case the challenger wins the first task he does is to kill all the young ones. This is critical for the lionesses to bear young ones from the new leader faster. The lion’s behaviour though odd to us, the scientist have a logical observation, the culling of the cubs is the nature’s way of preserving the genes of the healthier lions which is critical for the survival of the pride. But what about the lionesses how could they live forget about bearing cubs with this murderer. Now I understand it metaphorically in painful way.
There are more than 30 books based on one set of characters. Each book is like a chapter and is very appealing to kids. The printable books are written at a second grade level and come with in depth lesson plans and an average of 20 comprehension and skill practice worksheets (for EACH book). I love using these with my 4th and 5th graders with special needs because they look older than 2nd grade.
Allow God to change your heart and your mind will follow.
In the interests of travelling light I had decided that there was no point packing raincoats for Drama Queen No.2 and myself and thus pulled down the curse of the British Summer upon our heads. I have lived in my jeans and sweaters aside from the one day when the weather put on a stellar display of what an English summer day should be in what was termed the English Heat Wave. Based on the ‘blink and you missed it’ nature of the good weather I feel more inclined to term it the Mexican Heat Wave as it rippled through the country before we were plunged back into our wellies. The notion of breaking out my shorts resulted in a bitter and incredulous laughter. As for my swimsuit – I’m not quite sure what kind of parallel world I was living in when I packed it – aside from its uses as an extra layer of clothing in extremis it is difficult to imagine the circumstances is which I might have worn it over the last ten days. To be fair I think the weather was actually good in parts of the country but I seemed to be on one of those bring the clouds with you type trips as I shot between Edinburgh, Southampton, Devon and London - staggering into Barclays Bankin Balham dripping wet and wearing my hostess's wellies will remain the defining memory of the trip.
Recept: You mentioned his name, Mr. President.
Here's the sketch~
I hope you're prepared for more blogposts from me because I'm planning to be around more. I miss YOU so much!
My schedule for next month came out and...No Reserve Days! It will be nice to not be on call next month. However, they gave me 3 four day trips and one of those trips is over Christmas, which is not going to work. So hopefully I can drop that trip or I don't know what I will do. Last year I had to work Christmas day, but it wasn't until late in the afternoon, so I didn't miss all the festivities at home. Oh the joys of the airline industry. I will figure it out though.
i’m going off now :) family day. haha i know. what a rarity.
No. It is too late. But I started out to write a post and by golly I'll finish it!
So lets take this exercise out of the mundane, lets say I want my life’s work to match my passion, but I don’t even know what my passion is yet!
I borrowed the term from my twenty years teaching piano – grace notes are the tiny notes beside regular music notes that add flair. Sparkle. Bling. Although not essential to the melody, grace notes add depth and breadth and beauty to make the music unique … special. The same way Papa God’s little touches in our lives show we are special to Him.
Why can't I have patience like her?
Commitment and courage — those are my take-aways from The Doctor’s Lady. Hedlund is also the author of The Preacher’s Bride (which may still be available for FREE on Kindle) and she has a new book coming next year.
Sharp Cheddar Cheese
We were really fortunate to be able to visit this amazing site. Being in the presence of 2,200 year old history is an experience that will stay with me forever.
Journalists can hint, they can imply, lie and slander, but, whilst they indulge in their dismal little hate fest what they can never do is wash their own hands clean of their own real guilt.
If sarcastic remarks are to be a favored tool by some, perhaps it would be best to confine such remarks to private conversations with other mean people. Better still would be to lose the sarcasm and feel the pain. It won’t kill you. Warning: It might make you eat cupcakes. Hey, I’m a work in progress.
Because you know, when you think of resting, you think of running a lap, right?
When millions are spent on vaccinations instead of improving basic sanitation and potable water in poorly developed regions, there is another agenda behind the humanitarian cover story.
By Jim Efstathiou Jr. and William McQuillen on April 25, 2012
So, Scouts was good. We had 5 Scout age boys (and a TON of siblings). Emily taught them the rules, had them practice some skills, then they played a game. She really did a great job teaching/coaching them. Thanks, Emily!!! I owe you one!
Anthem- 1. A rousing or uplifting song identified with a particular group, body, or cause.
We do have a long term uptrend in place. The Market Breadth Ratios have not triggered a sell signal yet.
All images private and courtesy ** of E.Braeunig and as indicated.
I was actually drawn to the story of Hachiko before the script. I heard about the famous dog who waited for 9 years for his master at the train station and thought it was the most powerful, simple and universal story of friendship, loyalty and love, that I thought it would make a great film. I, and the other producers, found a writer to adapt the story into a script and after several dozen versions of the script; we ultimately made the film we all wanted to make.
Houses and cars are usually the most expensive purchases you will make. Paying the interest on these things often eats up a lot of money each month. You may consider making extra payments to lower the amount of interest that you end up paying.
“SO what exactly does this schedule involve?” I was asked
(A/N: If you already watch Miss Ripley and the episode when yoochun sing it for lee dae hee, well, pretend lee dae hee is Junsu LOL XD.)
Even with their disguises, they're noticed. After a run through the airport and using their wits, they arrive in sunny California. Their address turns up to be 5 years too late, but they do get an old box of Frank's belongings. Could something in the box lead them closer to uncovering the truth?
All in all, this walk took about two hours including refreshments. On a good day, it should easily be possible to do it in the same time from the Angel at Islington to the ViewTube cafe.
So THANKS, MOM! I love you!
I have been trying to prove that I am worthy, maybe, but I picked a funny way to prove that. Or, maybe I wanted her to know that her pain had become mine, and had tripled in size and it was eating me alive, would she please come rescue and protect me now? If it got bad enough, and it certainly did, would she finally reach out a hand to help me up? Would she finally love me just as I was, so flawed and so in pain? Would she hold me and comfort me and tell me it was okay. That I was okay? Of course, that was my 5 year old magical thinking, and it never happened.
After creating an easel card, I designed the layer that would be standing up around the tea cup. I welded the cup, a rectangle, and a heart shape available in Funtime. Have I even mentioned how much I LOVE Funtime and the ease of use?!?! Sure, I've made plenty of mistakes while learning to work with the editting tools BUT it's only enhanced my understanding of how things work and has made my next project that much easier!!
Pet______/Traditional (Superstition prevents Gypsies from speaking or writing the name of the form. It is said that to do so brings death. This cante comes from the Sephardim/Spanish Jews and was sung as a means of expressing deep sorrow and anguish during the Inquisition.)
I magnify Jesus Christ as the only Lord and Saviour and His cross-work as the only basis of justification and sanctification.
I don't say this very often but I'll say it now: I don't feel well. I think it's my body's way of telling me that it doesn't appreciate all I've put it through in recent weeks and now that I've allowed myself to put down my guard - bam. Sore throat, low energy, tired, just feeling "blah"....I'm glad I don't have to do anything too strenuous this weekend so I can let it play itself out.
12. Had feelings for someone who didn't have them back? - Luckily, no. With my husband, there was a long delay between first having feelings for him and when we started dating. But we were close friends during that delay, so it was complicated and wonderful all at the same time.
when we hear the sputter
Now, you have just bought a pair of shoes, and they are the most expensive shoes that you have bought--ever. They cost you about how much you've ever spent on shoes (our class said that people have paid about $500 for a pair of shoes). So as you are walking in your fancy shoes, you see this child. And you notice that on your half of the pond/lake that there are very sharp objects everywhere. There is no way to avoid the sharp objects, but to walk to the other half of the lake. (but walking that distance would take too much time, and you wouldn't reach that child in time) You could take off your shoes and walk through the sharp objects, but you will cut, gash, and ruin your feet, and your medical bills maybe more than the shoes are worth.
The cinematography is rather beautiful. We have the staid early period contrasting with the high-octane club environment of the present. Another key point in the film is the soundtrack because music by Pink Floyd, Sigur Rós and The Cure are used to create ambience and in the case of the latter, to also evoke nostalgia. The song Pictures Of You stirs up painful memories for the man who fell in love with the track at the same point as he fell for his high-school sweetheart. Moreover, the film’s title comes from a song loved by the DJ and young boy.
I'm not going to message him anymore. I'm going to leave it be for now and let him cool down, since he does tend to be hugely reactionary and say stupid thoughtless things in the moment, then forgets he ever said or did any of those things.
and since I can understand a smattering of German, and the word Tisch brought that to mind. I decided to find out what Google Translate had to say. Tisch can be translated as Table, and Band, well that is basically self explanitory. so Tischband can be translated as Table Runner.
Even the kids gather money for fun
Or maybe just simply this:
After this we met with our genetic counselor, Christy, who can I say took us from feeling devastated to smiling, in less than 30 minutes. She started out by telling me "this is not your fault."
I did that once to two people I worked with who were both single and miserable and unhappy because it was Valentine's day. It cheered them up no end- and they actually married each other.They never knew where the card was from !
still feel them now
If you'd prefer to use a photos for your background, then you can pick one from the many different choices blogger offers, or you can upload your own image and use that to create a background all of you own.
I danced from the age of four to thirteen. Then cheered for three years. I miss all of it. Being part of a team, practice, games, competitions.. it's the only thing I'd go back to high school for.
The LAs wouldn't like me if I were in their schools. They'd think I was odd, weird, a bit off, er, unsocial. But my view is that this is me. Take me or leave me. It's up to you if you wish to be my friend. If you don't, well, I possibly won't miss you.
Unfortunately, I missed Pres. Obama's address to the country last night, regarding this epic environmental disaster in Louisiana. Of course we live in the age of YouTube and instant replays, so I managed to garner the gist of this speech.
Happy FRIDAY!!! Any one else as excited as me that Friday has (finally!) arrived! I'm so excited to bring you the latest and greatest challenge from the Shoe...but first...let's send a big THANK YOU out to those that played along in the FF#95 KISS challenge! Unfortunately (sniff) we only had a handful of entries...so this week instead of a Top 3 and Shoe of the Week...we're only awarding a Shoe of the Week!
I needed a way to help the kids get the toothpaste to the end without them always having to ask for help. I had a brainwave last week when I was cleaning out the bathroom drawer.
What are you eating tomorrow? Are you setting yourself up tonight for success tomorrow? When we’re overly hungry and unprepared, will power breaks down!
Let's hope that several people will sign up with agents in the near future, having been asked to send their full MSes. And that those agents will succeed in getting deals for those authors. How wonderful it would be in the future for people to say their successful careers as authors began at York, as Shelley Harris was able to say last year.
Yet the unease brought on by the burka is partly the point of the burka. That is, it is a symbol of the Muslim woman’s separation and distance from non-Muslims. It is also a statement of the woman’s commitment not just to Islam, but also to Islamism or militant Islam (even to Islamoterrorism!). So the burka was actually designed, as it were, to make infidels feel uncomfortable; just as Doctor Martin boots were designed for that (or at least the wearers thought so).
1. To Touch,
My sweet hubby and adorable son are hunting in Texas right now - Jared shot a turkey Saturday and Sunday (yes, it's legal, he can shoot up to 4); here they are:
So, when I am being arrogant, I want someone to listen to me. I want someone to understand me. I want sympathy. I want someone to help me deal with an underlying issue or anxiety or fear. I am testing to identify someone who can assist me in handling my distress, for arrogance (AKA “righteousness“) is fundamentally an indicator signaling distress.
There are a few things that just annoy me on there.
This is how you really think of vintage I guess.
Feldman is the author of the blog New York Wanderer, and the books Butchery on Bond Street – Sexual Politics and the Burdell-Cunningham Case in Ante-bellum New York and Call Me Daddy - Babes and Bathos in Edward West Browning’s Jazz-Age New York.
Life.NK Japanese Wash Cloth ($37.75)
“The NRC continues to conclude the combination of installed safety equipment and B5b measures can protect the public if extreme events impact a U.S. nuclear power plant.”
1/4 cup fresh basil, shredded
He claimed the creature was about 15-20ft long with a little head and two small humps following in its wake. "It was like a giant eel."
For me, I can blame Galvion. We were playing Portal 2 co-op, and his penchant for murdering me in the most creative and sinister ways made me want to send a power surge through the internet directly into his chortling piehole. I didn’t actually rage quit, but I did utter a stream of obscenities that would strip the paint off a car in seconds flat. But don’t worry, I just can’t stay angry at him. :)
"Yes, right." Long sigh. "Well, you can try panadol but it won't do much," in that 'you're so screwed' tone of voice.
I must admit she was a dream to colour in using as usual my copics.I think I may use my derwent pencils soon as they haven't come out of the case since I bought them last year and its cruel not to let them see the light of day isn't it, and I do like the effect of pencils and other mediums.(dreamy moment)
So I went to Beloved and asked him to re-build my old laptop with Windows so I could use it at the festival. He has decided that an open source system called BSD would be better for me because no-one else knows how it works.
"NL Expansionists" Arizona Diamondbacks & Colorado Rockies
A preliminary partial list of participating brewers includes Alaskan, Allagash, Avery, Boston Beer, Bison, Dogfish Head, Foothills, Harpoon, Jolly Pumpkin, Matt, New Belgium, New Glarus, Pizza Port, Rogue, Stone, Stoudt, Victory and Wynkoop. Each will bring a special beer to the tasting.
Matron to Narrator, fondly: "Maybe somebody made a mistake at the hospital. Have you ever heard about the 'babies switched at birth' problem? It's real, you know."
Our Confidential Promise to our Clients
Very friendly place and great quality coffee. You can sense the pride in each cup that’s made and then brought to your table (no hanging round the bar waiting for your coffee here, unless you want to chat to the baristas that is!). This will be a great review once we start uploading our ‘Cathedral tour’ to the new website…
Worries about work and satisfaction.
As much as I enjoy magic, and magic item shops, and schools of wizardry, to get the new feeling, to get the 'shinny' feeling, Dungeons and Dragons has to drop kick it to the curb. Oh sure, in an appendix, perhaps next to the wandering harlot one, put some notes about adding colleges of magic and magic item shops, but for the most part, in order to keep magic different and new and special, it has to be extremely limited and random.
Saving Private Ryan revolutionized war movies (a longtime anchor genre in film history). I know this doesn’t really mean a lot to many people, but Steven Spielberg made war movie that makes every war movie made prior to it seem watered down in comparison, I think the most amazing thing about it is that you’re never once thinking “wow… that was gratuitous” (as opposed to a movie like… The Passion of the Christ where I spent most of it thinking “Wow… that was gratuitous”).
Throughout the troubling events of the last two weeks, I have clung to the belief that Mali’s political crisis will be short-lived. Then last night I got some news that underscored the gravity of the present situation: Peace Corps is pulling its volunteers out of Mali.
WASHINGTON STATE NURSE ASSOCIATION. Press release: Nurses win federal court decision on Virginia Mason’s mandatory flu vaccination policy. January 7, 2006.
This is, no doubt, a Christopher Moore book. It is his style, his voice, his humor. And yet, it's different than his other works. It's funny but it doesn't have the same laugh-out-loud moments like A Dirty Job and Lamb. But this isn't a bad thing. This may be a more serious comedy, but it's a comedy nonetheless. And it's a story I have a feeling will stick with me.
-You don't even carry a purse because the diaper bag has everything you need
15Therefore are they before the throne of God, and serve him day and night in his temple: and he that sitteth on the throne shall dwell among them.
* 64 square meters floor area + 2 verandas
Oyster cakes like these are hard to find, and when they are made this good, it certainly is a no-brainer to check this out. And kudos to the lady boss too, for having a big smile for every customer.
"England is one of the few countries in the world where ales are more the rule than the exception. Also beer is still traditionally matured in caskets at the pubs, instead of at he brewery. Beer in England is normally served at cellar temperatures.
customers. From application to closing, Mary Lou is ready to assist you with all of your mortgage needs.
I like to keep a theme
Happy Osama Shooting Anniversary! The globe’s been less Laden with his sport for some time now.
If God would have wanted me to cook myself – why has he built so many restaurants? You have the choice! specially on holiday, what you want to find on your plate. Here are some thoughts about how food can sensualize a destination.
3) Perhaps you guys who appeared in my dream were there to show me that people are actively supporting me right now.
It's probably still there.
As I’ve said before, Anzac Day is one of those nationally significant days that causes great strife in our house. We have tried to maintain Boy’s neutrality in the face of knowing that, during WWI, Dr B’s forbears were trying to snot the hell out of each other while some of mine were probably trying to snot the hell out of both of them. You can’t buy into the patriotic propaganda when there’s never any acknowledgment of the fact that Dr B’s forbears were probably within their rights, one perhaps more than the other, and that mine were definitely in the wrong. My lot were invaders in anybody’s language. Do we ever hear that in the speeches? No.
Orange...
90% of Christian men lead lukewarm, often defeated lives — and they hate it. But it doesn’t have to be that way. MAN ALIVE will show men how to harness the raw energy they feel into a powerful spiritual life.
As the months stretch ahead and we check out of our usual responsibilities, taking a little time away from tough relationships, pressures and stresses….are we going to check out of our minds too? As we step away from our home churches, are we going to step away from the discipleship and the challenge of accountability as well?
As the company’s “memory,” the Porsche Archive collects all important information concerning business, technical, social, or cultural matters relating to Porsche AG and its subsidiary companies. The archived items include anything worth saving about the unparalleled Porsche success story, from the beginnings of Ferdinand Porsche as an automobile designer to the engineering office established in 1931 all the way to today’s Porsche AG. The present files of the Porsche Archive cover 2,000 meters of shelf space, including bookshelves, display cases, steel cabinets, and safes.
Struck me while reading you that philanthropy could do well to think of addressing difficulties and get over the idea of solving problems. Certainly that would be a boon to theatres, if the dreamers up of grants and initiatives could have that view.
Alright, I just can't wait for you to come over anymore.
Pakatan Rakyat has to convince the Malays that Pakatan, not Umno, should now hold in trust political power in the name of the Malays.
A Wind at My Back Christmas ... BYU ... 3 AM
We met up with Thom and Sara for dinner at Loco Pez, and then headed to a little birthday party where we ran into both my ex's. HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA. Enough awesome for one night. Sunday we rode to 30th St station to get tickets for our upcoming trip to Portland/Seattle. Then we were off to the Art Museum to see the Van Gogh exhibit. Bummer it was sold out, but we did get to see the Zoe Strauss exhibit which I had been looking forward to. We were both pretty starving after that, so we rode over to old city and grabbed dinner at La Locanda Del Ghiottone. (3rd and Cherry) IT WAS SO GOOOOOOD. I had the Ricotta Gnocchi, and it was hands down the best I've ever had.
Then Jesus says he is “the Son of Man sitting at the right hand of the Mighty One and coming on the clouds of heaven.” This language is again from the earlier prophets, the prophet Daniel, and is referring to the divine man who will receive the worship of God.
Former FCT Minister Malam Nasir El Rufai allocated plots of land to his wives and associates illegally, a prosecution witness told an Abuja High Court yesterday.
In the last 24 months I have found an incredible group of people who are willing to share their knowledge with me for no charge at all, I am willing to share what I know with people who ask me about the industry. If you want to learn in today’s world, you can, and it’s as close as your computer.
Thank you for your time.
So that is why for our first twenty years, we eat, sleep, play and enjoy ourselves. For the next forty years, we slave in the sun to support our family.. For the next ten years, we do monkey tricks to entertain the grandchildren. And for the last ten years, we sit on the front porch and bark at everyone.
Also, a 1001 things for the interior made this place most definetely special in my mind. It was so alternative, but yet so cool. Even now few hours after visiting I am still full of impressions (good ones, offcourse!).
Recently American and French scientists as well as other countries that are conducting surveys in areas of the seabed of the Bermuda Triangle, claim to have found a pyramid standing upright on the seabed that has never been discovered. The length of the base of this pyramid reached 300 meters, 200 meters height, and distance from base to the tip of the pyramid is about 100 meters above the sea floor. Preliminary results show this structure to be made of glass or a glass-like (crystal?) material, as it is entirely smooth and partially translucent.
4. Any cookie with confectioners' sugar will spread its white goodness to all the other cookies if packaged together.
A deeply world weary yet excellent piece of orchestral hippy pop. The Fruit Machine were a bunch of teenagers from London who put a few singles out (“worrying our parents”) before disappearing into the real world as adults.
Cheesy Gnocchi and Leeks with Crispy Prosciutto is the kind of gooey, cozy, comfort food that I love. I previously used the term "grown-up mac and cheese" when I described Tortellini with Corn and Bacon, and you can add this to that list. Feel free to use whatever cheese rocks your boat. The original recipe called for Fontina and Asiago, but I had neither. I did have Dimock Dairy's Smoked Cheddar, and O.M.G. YUM. It melted into a rich and savory sauce that coated the gnocchi and leeks in creamy heaven. The crisped prosciutto on top is just that little bit of crunch that a dense dish needs and complements the smokey cheese perfectly. Know me, or not, you need to know Cheesy Gnocchi and Leeks with Crispy Prosciutto On My Plate.
Halo: Reach
and blessed the modern age that threw this dreamtime down
26. Ellen Datlow (ed.) "Teeth"
Terug na die storie.
Hi there, yes it is market time again, and I will be there of course.
Let’s recap what has happened:
I’d love to think Lorene saw this as a rather back-handed song about empowerment – she did, after all, also pen a song called Don't Put Your Hands on Me, which was a call to arms for any woman who had been hit on by a drunk in a bar. But if that’s the case why call it Hide My Sin and end with the line ‘God be kind to me on Judgement Day? Why the shame? It just doesn’t add up.
2. The Pale Fountains - Just A Girl
Congratulations to Mr. Mourinho on winning his 7th league championship in 4 different countries.
Hot off the tails of Kourtney Kardashian revealing she was having a baby girl, Jessica Simpson may have inadvertently revealed the sex of her baby. Is it a girl or a boy? The answer is all in her retail therapy!
The phlog acts like the backburner acted when it first came out; no airblasts, more damage. Actually, with how the bb is played now, it just works like a second backburner. W+M1 everywhere. Boom. Charred mess all over the floor.
The Bear fetish is the guardian of the West and has the power to heal and transform human passions into true wisdom. Bear is invaluable whenever you are faced with change and transition by reminding us that by turning to solitude and introspection we unleash the power we all have within. Through this power we gain wisdom.
The BFF Shaper
Hypocrisy on the part of the white middle classes is nothing new. Labour politicians who extolled the virtues of the working class and sought to destroy grammar schools and private schools made very sure that their children did not attend what one of Blair’s aides referred to as “bog standard comprehensives”. No, no, their children went to good fee-paying schools and from there to a good university. At every stage, as their children transited the primary, secondary and tertiary education system, the parents who loudly proclaimed their love of “diversity” took all possible measures to ensure that their progeny were, as far as possible, insulated from this wonderful gift of “diversity”. Bog standard comprehensives – the description is all too accurate – overflowing with immigrant children, the dreadful cacophony of alien tongues, freakish behaviour and clothing, lack of order, drugs, savagery, racial violence directed at whites and abysmal educational standards, were for the “masses”, as it were, emphatically not for all the Jemimas, Kates, Charlottes, and Williams, Bens and Joshuas.
So I painted it out white. Not sure if it is going to remain this way, but it's now prepped for any colour I decide.
I can't believe how fast September has flown by! It seems like everything in my life falls in the month of September! It has been insane in my household this month. With L starting school, lots of birthdays, and my husband and I taking over the director portion of our K-2nd grade Awana program at church. I think I need a vacation from the month of September! But thankfully we survived!!! :) And I think I'm finally starting to get used to my little L going to kindergarten every day, even though I miss her like crazy!
Doesn't this staircase remind you of the one in sculptor Andre Harvey's home? Different color but still very similar. Milner and his wife, Wynne, saved the bannister for many years before finding this perfect place for it. The paint colors used here are true to the period.
It's okay, the struggle for things not to say
The amount of chicken in this recipe made a lot. We made 4 big subs and used only about half the chicken mix (but all of the coleslaw). So, cut the chicken recipe in half if you want to make 4 sandwiches. Or double the coleslaw recipe if you want enough to cover all the subs you can make with all of this chicken.
Since Reliance Digital stores are always at the reach of the consumer with its store being located throughout the country, you can always get hold of these discounts at ease.
The only way you get there
for the table, i stripped the stain off of the top, and the paint off of the legs, and had basically raw wood to work with. i did several layers of destroying and distressing with glaze, and various other products, until i was happy with the look.
For now, let us open up our hearts and minds as there is a great world out there. A beautiful world! Let us live in peace, love, and harmony among each other so we reach this promised land. There is so much hate and anger in this world!
The Canadian and U.S. Coast Guard have statements to the effect that individuals caught using magic in coastal waters will be arrested and prosecuted under the increasingly strict anti-mystical laws.
Danu , mother goddess, mother earth and mother water. All things good and bad are brought from your altar.
Tip #012: In Aguas Calientes, know where the train is in relation to your night’s accommodations.
- A-ENGLAND - ISEULT + REVLON - STARRY PINK
The real world has been feeling it. And not for the nicer.
So what’s a girl to think if she wants to have her wine and her waist, too? You have to consider your genetic risk for heart disease versus cancer (even moderate drinking has been shown to increase cancer risk, particularly for breast cancer), whether you’re willing to make the necessary calorie cuts in your diet to make room for alcohol, and if you’re truly able to drink moderately (how often does one drink turn into four or five? Be honest with yourself). “Here’s the truth serum answer: If you want to drink moderately, you will improve your HDL cholesterol, but you will get those calories,” Hellerstein says. “If you want to be a really heavy drinker, you may not get as many calories stored but you probably won’t get the benefits to the heart.” I’ve always gone with my heart, so I’m sticking with my glass-or-two-a-day habit.
Nevermind all that nonsense. I'm in the business of posting what I wear daily, and since today is overcast, cloudy, and cool, after a wonderfully summery weekend, I decided to break out some pants for the occasion.
The other changes
Never send any object to an agent or an editor until you've signed a deal with them. Given the lunacy of this day and age, gifts from strangers mostly get thrown away still wrapped and unused.
She could’ve been lying, but that is what she said. This is one of those stories that I remember the conversations verbatim. There was a lull in conversation for a while, then SHE started crying! Her, the non-virgin in the group, started crying. What?
During our yacht ride on the Bosphorus Strait, Ahmet continued his lessons. One thousand boats pass through these waters every day and the larger ones must have a Turkish pilot. Nine computer controlled towers give the go ahead for the hundreds of boats awaiting passage as well as direction along the 20 mile waterway. Turkey had the world’s first car ferry, beginning in 1869. When the work on an underwater tunnel is completed, one can take the train from Europe to China.
There's much to be said for cooking during a tornado. I was fortunate that the electricity stayed on. Bad weather cooking can be a time to experiment. I made crackers, but they were horrid, so I'm rethinking the recipe.
Permission granted to crosspost.
-3 tbsp butter
In the previous post, I gave you a little taste of Jemma and Villiers’ fantastic sort of relationship with each other. I liked Villiers in the last book and I really liked him in this book – as well as Jemma … for a few hundred pages.
Currently in training with Bob Baffert.
That was the second time I was wrong about this movie. Not even his acting could salvage this movie from the slush pile of mediocrity that this movie crawled out of.
The study’s implications may be severe for wild salmon. “Even the best case scenario of an additional 10% mortality from farm-origin sea lice could push a fish stock into the red zone,” said biologist Dr. John Volpe, a study co-author at the University of Victoria.
Genre : Action/Adventure, Drama, Science Fiction/Fantasy, Adaptation and Sequel
2.fight back
See, this is another aspect of writing that I dislike; I don’t want to rattle off events of my day. Who the hell gives a fuck?
The PRAOA works to increase the profile, awareness and professional business acumen of public relations agencies across North America. The group works in a professional and networking fashion to share new ideas, discuss concepts, and showcase best practices in making PR firms better businesses. As part of its mission, the PRAOA utilizes online podcast That Marketing Show as well as social media to promote and foster member organizations, and create discussions and opportunities for members to showcase their agency and their good works.
We are live in Chicago, Illinois, the home of one Phil Brooks, or as we like to cal him…CM Punk.
Got that off my chest.
Saturday is market day in Lalibela, so we went to check it out. I especially love checking out local markets to see what they are selling. I thought the piles of salt and blocks of salt were especially cool, and so was the honey (with flies mixed in). People from neighboring villages walk for hours or even an entire day, in order to buy and sell things at market day.
( the one on the end of his serving fork, that is)
