The thing about google is that it is absolutely UH-MAZING!!
Processing of each photo had to be accomplished on a mobile device, no desktop computer editing was permitted. Any photo editing application could be used, provided it runs directly on the mobile device, anything else would disqualify the photographers entree.
I haven't done much beading lately but I'm going to have some free time soon (hopefully!) and I'll be working my little fingers off! I have so many great ideas in my head but I just never have the time, materials, or cash to make them a reality. It's the sad truth of being a college student, unfortunately.
Pork pie, cider bought and off we trot.
But the definition of ‘space head’ includes being a hopeless dreamer as well, and my fondest wish is that we’ll someday realize that it’s just not wise to keep all our eggs in this one basket. After all, space is a dangerous place – even when your ship is as big as the Earth. Besides, conquering the unconquerable is in our nature. I also think it’s good for the soul.
Happy new year to you all
Language Building Game – From vocab to spelling language building games can help build on new things your child is learning at/during school.
So, here goes the list of recipients of the "One Lovely Blog Award" in no particular order:
Joel’s introduction to The New Class Warfare:
affirmed a district court summary judgment that the four patents in suit, including U.S. Patent No. 6,324,538 (entitled “Automated on-line information service and directory, particularly for the World Wide Web”), were invalid as lacking novelty and obvious. In a dissenting opinion, Circuit Judge Haldane Robert Mayer argued that the claimed invention was invalid as an ineligible “abstract idea.” See Bilski v. Kappos, ___ U.S. ___, 130 S.Ct. 3218, 3231 (2010)(invention based on hedging strategy for commodity market investments an unpatentable abstract idea). Noting that the Bilski Court termed eligibility a “threshold test,”, 130 S.Ct. at 3225, Judge Mayer argued that the appeals court “must first resolve the issue of whether the GraphOn patents are directed to an unpatentable ‘abstract idea’ before proceeding to consider subordinate issues related to obviousness and anticipation.” Thus, Mayer essentially proposed that patent eligibility forms a quasi-jurisdictional issue to be addressed prior to other grounds for determining patentability.
The basis for this campaign is someone apparently went out and interviewed The Great Unwashed - though in all reality they were clearly graduates from the Sylvia Young School and just waiting for their free episode of 'Doctors' or 'Casualty' that comes free with an Equity card and slumming it in phone commercials. Among these was the 'break-out star' named Josh, who claimed he'd use his free texts to set up a super-band. Now Josh has the looks, cheer and downright punch-the-screen irritability of Peregrin Took from 'Lord of the Rings', so you can picture how cheered I was when he span off into his own set of commercials, stating that you could pop on his MySpace page (MySpace? Is that still going?! I think I popped on there a few years back and all that rolled by were two tumbleweeds and some goth with glittery text on her header telling me to go to her gig. I closed the window and crossed myself) and join his 'super band'. We are then presented with clips showing Josh jumping around with all the excitement of Tom Cruise in a sofa shop, singing a song that tries to inspire more 'coming together' than a download from Hotjocknicecock.com. Fuck right off, Josh.Your songs is as irritating as crotch crabs, and you're right up with them. I hope your fucking mobile phone explodes in your ear while you're talking to your mates about how you've managed to get someone with bagpipes to sign up for your corporate-sponsored band, slowly killing you over a matter of weeks.
- Embroidery: every technique allowed
Remember that better planning makes better babies!
I love long weekends.
Never have I been more grateful for RetroFriday, the one day of the week when I get to dazzle you guys with my brilliance without actually have to write anything new. Here's Part Two of the TURNING IDEAS INTO PLOTS series. I hope it's helpful!
After all that, D came out of school well, bounding into me, hair still wet from swimming. She was far more interested in getting home than discussing her day so I’m presuming no “boy who picks on her” issues.
I'm also at the Dojo today, if you want to stop by and see me there, I'll be spewing some extra gooey cheese on how much I love you all and giving you the chance to do the same in the comment section.
Jasper's stall and paddock look like Armageddon. There are bloodsickles everywhere. The stretch of white vinyl fencing is dripping with frozen blood, there's blood on the electric fence, there's blood on the walls and floor of his stall and in his feeder. A LOT of blood. There was not a scratch on him. No dried blood in his nose or cuts in his mouth. He had to have sneezed it out due to the spray patterns on the fence. Hopefully it was just a bloody nose. He was not appear to be in any distress at all. Bright eyed, eating, drinking, playing, and doing his normal running and bucking up and down the fence line when people took their horses into the arena that shares a fence line with his paddock. (The other boarders realllllllllly like that).
My pastor at Colonial Hills Baptist Church (Taylors, SC) preached another sermon this evening in a series on biblical worship. It was another great installment in the series. Because his points were so valuable, I want to share all six of them here.
Today I shared Gibran's meditation on love with a friend who was in pain:
Here is my creation with one of the new sets:
This is the best breakfast for me, it's so easy, quick, and full of nutritional value too,
And in 1996 when a bomb went off in Olympic Park killing one lady named, Alice Hawthorne and, wounding one hundred and eleven more a nation rallied at heartbeat pace for lynch mob justice. Had they been given reign they would have killed a innocent man.
The plane took off in a direction where we were headed towards central Delhi, and had to take a U turn to correct the direction. The world from above looks so different , and as I was peering around for where we might be, I got my bearings by a beautiful sight - the Lotus Temple lighted up ! In the distance I could see the tall buildings around CP.
Do you like my fancy steps? Do you like my smile?
Gordon Elliott IRE (Trim, County Meath)
The Town Wall is a cosy bar serving a healthy amount of fine ale, beers and spirits, they even have their very own brew, the Toon Waal Ale brewed specially for them by Wylam Breweries! The food menu is nothing to be sniffed at too offering the usual pub grub but with some delightful twists such as the Proper Pub Platter with home made scotch eggs, sausage rolls and heaps of artisan bread. Sometimes your day just isn't complete without a scotch egg!
It’s something I have found myself doing in work too. My to-do list will be full of the things I would like to get done that day, but realistically I don’t know where I will find the time, so inevitably some things always get pushed back. So I rarely leave work feeling completely satisfied with what I have achieved that day.
Caught in slow motion in a dash for the door.
November is our last month of Spring Downunder and the conditions here in the north-east have remained remarkably comfortable and mild for this time of year. The daytime temperatures are definitely up around the 30 deg C mark, but the humidity levels have remained quite sensible which means we're not sweating profusely just getting out of the shower in the morning.
“That’s impossible. You have to have done.” Frowning made the headache worse, but he couldn’t help it.
But alas the family has all gone home, my husband is in Canada for 8 weeks studying for the USMLE (licensing exam for doctors) and I am here waiting anxiously to be called for a job! shew.
Regardless of how one feels about the issue, the image of the Passion of the Christ strikes at the hearts of those who behold it in art, cinema, poetry, or even prose. A Man (God?) hanging from the crossbeams, arms lashed in place with nails through the hands (wrists) and feet. The agony on his face contrasted with the taunting or mournful crowd. How could such a person endure that pain? Why would he choose such a punishment, if such a thing could ever be "chosen" in the first place? The Passion has left an indelible mark on European and some Asian and African cultures. Ecce homo – behold the man, indeed.
The 60’s had the Santa Clara Valley Youth Village – better known as Speed City – coached by all-time great Bud Winter. The camp produced Tommie Smith, Lee Evans, John Carlos, and Bill Gaines among others. The 70’s saw no major camps and, perhaps coincidently, a drop in success internationally with Borzov dominating the ’72 Games and Caribbean athletes the ’76 Games. Once again in the ‘80’s however, we saw the emergence of a super camp – the Santa Monica Track Club. Under the tutelage of Tom Tellez we witnessed the development of Carl Lewis, Leroy Burrell, Joe DeLoach, and Mike Marsh, et al – and a climb back to the top of the world’s elite and international podiums.
for their eve of haunting flight.
the pool deck or on my favorite blanket in front of the patio door.
By jumping between the Safran and Hadot, I’ve found a great deal of comfort in my time of need, and I’d like to share how and why.
We’re a thousand-piece puzzle scattered into the wind.
I that in heill wes and gladnes
I used to not care about how long a project would take, but now that I have two little cuties waiting at home for me, I don't like being away from them for longer than is necessary. Well, that and I have to pay for childcare hourly!
■ at home; that is, you carry out most of the business’ work at your home. For example, a dressmaker who does all their work at home, with clients coming to their home for fittings
Its hard to show up both pinks on camera.
I think I won the seat passenger lottery. Two homies from T-Town became my flight friends. I thought I was excessive with my three trips to Vegas this year. Home boy next to me averages 15 trips a year. I could NOT stop laughing. When I asked how often he goes he showed me his arm…Vegas tattoos everywhere.
I continued to run until I thought I would die and then I woke… up. I was in my own bed in the trailer. Momma and Poppa slept soundly on make shift chairs around the camp fire outside. Momma had her purple and red scarf she had knitted wrapped tightly around her neck to stop the bitter cold from biting her and poppa. Well poppa’s head was back mouth open and he was snoring. Every now and again he mumbled in his sleep. I lay back and closed my eyes secure in the knowledge we no longer lived in that place where Gypsies were thought of as pests that needed to be exterminated..
and later in the article - "She wondered: If I cannot run a mile at 30, will I even be able to walk one at 60?"
Also the issue of the value of feedback and
Smoking is a terrible habit. It makes your clothes and hair stink, your mouth taste like the bottom of an ashtray, it pollutes the environment around you and as we all know it’s horrible for your health. It affects every one of your major organs negatively.
parchment paper sheet and whack them with roller it will be easy to roll the butter. Try with cold butter thus it easy to make the sheet. Once you made the butter sheet immediately chill it in fridge while you are making the dough sheet.
And people are real people not just playing
It still amazes me how things can just grow. I love it. We ignored it another week (the second week of Coachella) and I picked just as many.
Gregory: that’s just creepy
I have a number of very close friends, some dating back to childhood and others met as I progressed through school and life. However, my most enduring friendship from an early age has been with two (now) women from my hometown. E and I were the same age; L is a year younger and grew up on the same street as E. We look back and laugh now, but the truth is that when we were very young (5-8 or so), L and I were occasionally jealous of each other's relationship with E. As we grew older, though, and entered middle school we became inseparable. We formed our own little Three Musketeers group. Rare was a weekend when we didn't sleep over at someone's house. Right before high school, E moved with her mom to a town about an hour away, meaning a new school. Even with the distance, though, and our now three different schools, we maintained the relationship. Most of my memories from childhood and high school involve E&L. We did everything together, talked about everything, and grew into three very different young women together. We experienced together amazing highs and heartbreaking lows and everything in between. We were also, as you'd imagine, very close to one another's families, all whom I still love to this day.
BTW, this is BEHR prime & paint; color Ethiopia. I could lick my walls... it's so MOCHA!
Election day 2004 from the perspective of voters. Simple idea really, but coordinating crews in 16 different cities must have been quite an undertaking. No revelations or big lessons learned. Just the experience of people voting all over the country: long lines, officials somewhat ignorant of election rules, idealism, apathy, etc. Not a stunning movie, but interesting throughout and a good document for history.
When the Christians became the dominant religion in Europe they had a lot of different versions. The one that won the battle of ideology became official and all others were labeled as 'Heresy'. To keep it clear, they decided what to include and what not to, and wrote it down in their bible and said "This is absolute truth."
Sammy Ambrose
a photo of a photo, actually.
Overall, I’m not displeased by this storytelling — provided the storytellers are aware of exactly how their characters are coming across to the readers. Aggra definitely seems to be an orc woman on a mission, and that is to affect a great change in Thrall. The storytellers seem to lend their approval to this, even if it is tacit approval at times, by slowly nudging Thrall toward what she desires of him. Deus ex machina allows them to tweak his innermost desires to be in line with her own. This is a place where I could call foul, because it seems very, very convenient for them to do so. As a storyteller myself, I believe a character like Thrall may well have his sense of duty eschew all else, because it is one thing that he has possessed all this time — while a wife and children remained distant from him, a dream.
-A little bit of Tebow
What is your preference? When you are a rich famous author do you want to just do signings and pray they never ask you to do a reading or will you volunteer for extra readings at tiny off-the-map bookstores as well as the big chains just because you love making your characters come alive the way you want them to? If you are not a writer, do you like to listen to people read, books on tape, or do you prefer to read the stories yourself?
Three years of courtship and now two years into marriage, I would have to admit that I am getting tired of it. The reasons for loving him before have now transformed into the cause of all my restlessness.
But that was before globalization. Today it is very common to find dulce de leche in any store worldwide, especially in places with large latino immigrant communities.
Mars who ever since he burst into the scene last year with his hit “Just the Way You Are”, has gained international recognition for his creased hats just as much as he has for his soulful falsetto voice and eclectic music style.
I’m a citizen of the United States, so I don’t know what Boxing Day is.
Christy Farneth-Kerr
I could set the world aflame
Guys, get ready! Tomorrow there’s another iCarly episode tomorrow. It’s called iOpen a Restaurant! And it is gonna be fun… I guess…
In a sign that new citizens has become a new PAP support base for future elections, another new citizen from China has stepped forward to defend Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong on his Facebook after it was swarmed with complaints from Singaporeans.
“I’ll just pretend that it wasn’t real.”
Who: Provo, Utah synth-pop revivalists Neon Trees. The all-Mormon band started up in Southern California in 2004 when frontman Tyler Glenn and guitarist Chris Allen's fathers suggested the two play together. "They both thought we were deadbeats," says Glenn. The band migrated to Utah separately and made fans in the Killers, who helped them score a record deal.
*Send an email with the following information to jenscull at yahoo dot com
“We are confident there is substantial evidence in the record to support the Commission’s approval of the Certificate,” said Jeff Shepard, company spokesman.
Local Brazilian workers were offered twice the pay they could make elsewhere, but the terms of employment included adopting what Ford called, “the healthy lifestyle”, which was enforced with a totalitarian efficiency. The plantation cafeterias served American fare such as hamburgers. Local workers had to live in American-style houses, and were assigned numbers which they wore on badges. Alcohol was strictly forbidden inside Fordlandia, even within the workers’ homes, on pain of immediate termination. Brazilian workers were forced to work the customary American nine-to-five shifts under the hot Amazon sun, using Ford’s assembly-line philosophies. It was Ford’s way, or the highway.
I have noticed I have been extra sensitive lately. Lots is going on but the main thing coming up is Jeremiah's birthday in July. I want to do something special and plan on doing a balloon release. I want to honor your little one on that day too...so I plan on purchasing balloons and writing your babies name on the balloons to honor them. If you are interested, please email me the name of your baby at jeremiahsboxes@gmail.com. I will post pictures on that day.
I wanted to share my comment with you for one very important reason. To be specific, I wanted to show how other WordPress bloggers could inspire or enlighten us with their blog. It may be something as simple as sharing a beautiful poem. As in this case, the poem served as a reminder that the “Harvest Moon” was to make an appearance. I thought that I might have been too late, but soon realized via a quick internet search that I had not yet missed it.
I knew I had 2 big chunks of white duck fabric that used to be the curtains on the lower level walk-out door....
Painting is one way to go about this, paint a feature wall! A bright colour to grab your eye everyday can add some real spark to any room so don't be afraid to give it a go! A buck of paint large enough to cover a feature wall is usually much cheaper than enough to do a whole room and with a little time it can end up stunning, make a day of it with friends or family even and just have at it! If you're after something more...individual or stimulating try shopping for wallpapers to line the top and bottom of your walls, floral, gothic, modern...seriously just hit up your local places and you'd be amazed at what you find! I can not personally vouch for how 'budget' this method is as I've only ever done it once before several years back and the cost may have changed but it was charged by the metre for how much wallpaper was needed.
WRITING CLASSES, YOUNG ADULT WRITING PANEL AND BOX LUNCH
a) Recover.
Born on April 6, 1966, former cattle dealer John Joseph Hanlon was christened “Shark” by Pa Dillon, one of Kilkenny’s greatest ever hurling players. The three-time All-Ireland champion was a selector for the Kilkenny under-14 team and, upon seeing the young Hanlon towering over his team-mates, exclaimed “by Jesus, he’s like a shark!”. The Hanlon family have been breeding and selling cattle for generations in Kilkenny and “Shark” followed in the family footsteps although an interest in racing was spawned at an early age as he went to school with Tony Mullins. Hanlon started having horses with Tony and his father Paddy, most notably talented chaser The Crazy Bishop, and began working as a driver for Tony’s brother George, who runs a horse transport business. Hanlon also started pre-training horses for point-to-pointing as well as assisting Tony Mullins before deciding to take out a permit to train under Rules in the summer of 2006 with the help of his partner Rachel O’Neill, who also previously worked for Mullins. He saddled his first runner, Shaimaa, to finish fourth in a Cork bumper on January 21, 2007, and the filly went on to provide the trainer with a first success over the same course and distance on April 9 of the same year. Hanlon soon established himself as a highly-talented trainer and has enjoyed notable success with Luska Lad and Hidden Cyclone, who have both been successful in Grade Two company over hurdles. Truckers Delight won valuable handicap hurdles at the Punchestown and Galway festivals while Grade Two hurdle scorer Western Leader was runner up in the Grade One John Smith’s Sefton Novices’ Hurdle at Aintree in April, 2010.
In general, I found the core developers responsive to mails about RTL support. I’m sure the talk about RTL problems during the conference helped, as well as being more active in the project and having more personal acquaintance with the developers.
There are two ways to command the woman, but nobody knows.
it comes to developing Potential leaders
I actually did have to get Joe to help me to close it. We all bought heaps and heaps.
hollyjollysocial@gmail.com by December 5, 2011
#96: "Christmas: Say it with S!" Make a card for Christmas using an image that starts with the letter S, using any cartridge(s) and any colors you'd like.
I used two white cake mixes and prepared each individually as directed on the box. (I only had one 8-inch pan, so I couldn’t bake them all together at the same time.)
I hear news that the Labour leader in Walsall, Tim Oliver, is preparing to take control of the Council, no doubt he is doing the David Steel thing and telling his troops: ‘Go back to your wards and prepare for control of the Council.
8 pm – 11 pm Chris Roach, Swamper’s – Inside Marriott Shoals, Florence. Free, Contact: 256-246-3600
In the evening on a Friday night
Husband critter/creature/unit/thing got that taken care of as well – and finally – I could connect!
Mother, where have you gone,
It was a lie.
Tomato Soup
Why book trailers are awesome
Father apologized for not being able to ask me to breakfast due to a full day; no problem, I had only called the day before. I did take a quick glance around the grounds: he has a school, so I readily understand how busy he might be. He did tell me he spent seven years in the same role I am about to begin for the Archdiocese--as director of (ongoing) priestly formation--so we compared some notes there.
I know my parents weren’t alone in teaching me all of that, most of our parents teach us the difference between the right and wrong that applies to their views and values. As we grow up we adapt these rights and wrongs to fit in with our own belief system and how we view the world.
The other kind should be renamed Black Plague.
NICK Griffin, the controversial leader of the British National Party, is to give evidence at an employment tribunal between a punk singer from Edinburgh and a fellow far-right politician.
The Flyn'n Hawaiian with curly fries $17
Second children are like do-overs, right? You do everything wrong on the first kid, and then you try to get it right on the second. (Only to find, most likely, that the second kid is so completely different that nothing you learned on the first kid is any good.) I'm hoping that by the tenth kid, I know what I'm doing.
When wounded, models are slowed down a little, and enemies gain a bonus dice for each wound. You can keep piling wounds onto a model, but once it reaches its level it falls unconscious (downed). Even then, you can still pump your dreadskulls into the model, but at some point you just have to let them die, or drag their bloody pulp to a medic, down that health potion or cast a healing spell or six.
I made a compilation today that i called "sailing away". It contains trippy white blues, hippie krautrock and psychedelic horn rock directly from my vinyl collection.
Today is the 14th anniversary of the final battle and the death of Voldemort.
And don’t go on Twitter via your phone! Your phone is a nightmare anyway, but you can't even resort to that now. No, no. Because everyone’s talking about the TV programmes you’re not watching – and that’s really annoying.
It took me a few months to understand Quentin Tarantino’s revisionist WWII history, and once I did, I felt like a chump. It’s about the movies! It’s from Quentin, after all, the guy who references every movie ever made! It’s about the staging, the illusion, the tableaux, the ensemble. What do you think, is it his masterpiece?
Great beer. Can't wait for this year's.
Bian said that he had been reliably informed that the list of recipients of the laptops is screened by BN party leaders, the only criterion being that the recipient should support BN component parties.
Now with all the Autumn Winter stock hitting the stores one of those designers that has been on my mind a lot lately is the talented jewellery designer Merle O'Grady. At the last London Fashion Week I got a preview of her Autumn/Winter collection. It seems that the shot of colour that fashion received this Spring/Summer is sticking around for at least another season, permeating all the way to accessories.
Demonsamongus 2006 Hollywood Movie Watch Online Full Movie
I should get a job with Korea tourism board... ha ha!
The Iffy:
And I'm writing.
Suk11 Hostel, Bangkok.
A Risk of Faith
And what of people like me, and the rag tag bunch of us at Year Zero and eight cuts gallery for whom indie is an ethos not a business strategy? Well, I’ll carry on doing live shows, weird online exhibitions, sharing recipes, and looking for weird and wonderful ways to bring what I write to people who don’t know about it. I’ll thank Amazon for the kick up the backside and warning not to get complacent (as well as for the sales whilst they were there of course). I’ll remind myself every day of what matters about writing, and culture as a whole. And I have to say I’ll rather enjoy the fact that very soon it’ll stop being cool to be indie. It’s made me a bit hot under the collar flyingthat close to the mainstream sun.
Sew one end of the strap to the front seam - I sewed a rectangle to flatten the strap as well as secure it:
I really, really do..
And when we are busy, keeping oodles of numbers and dates and information stored up in our brains isn't very easy. In fact, if you have a built in date book, let me know where I can pick one up! I am in!
Bernstein holds a PhD in Social Welfare from Columbia University.
You can play this game like a typical game of Jenga where you try not to topple the tower. My son decided to construct another tower with his correctly answered blocks.
I just finished Book II, and am moving on to Book III. If you're looking for a new series, I've found it!
- 3rd and final film in Peter Jackson's The Lord of the Rings movie trilogy released;
owned by delightful Selena Hazlitt was my neighbouring vendor. She has an aesthetic quite similar to mine which is obvious that we would appreciate each others work. She has a plethora of rental pieces from ladders, to chalkboards, doors, frames, mirrors, quilts, cases, signs and even vintage keys. Her collection is like all the best of antiquing in one place! I can only imagine how amazing her house is. In my free time, antiquing is what I do! I just adore the hunt but admittingly sometimes, when you need something specific, its nice to know exactly where to get it. This is the place to get all of those visions for your wedding at once. If you don’t even have anything specific in mind, I’m sure the website will inspire you.
ants. yep. every year, about this time. here they come. little tiny ones. no matter how clean we keep the kitchen. and now that we have le bebe crawling around, it bothers me more than ever. mr. b. is picking up the safest, kid-friendly ant ridder he can find on his way home from work. i wish i could have written something like a warm, freshly-baked apple pie or homemade chocolate chip cookies. but nope. it's ants.
Fried quails are fiddly but when done well, they are easily worth the effort. Here they're marinated and then fried to a noteworthy crunch. The skin is crisp and sweet, and the flesh is tender and slightly gamey, enhanced by a spritz of fresh lemon and a dip in salt and pepper.
Thanks for your support!
Flaky artist types also fall out of favour with Mars now entering a two-year Virgo-flavoured cycle. People who have been let out of many practical, adult responsibilities because they're so talented or so interesting or so tortured are going to have many fewer people hot for them.
2 1/2 tsp baking powder
I forgot to update my new cosmetic bag of Hello Kitty.
4. Shape into rounds, flatten with spoon, and arrange on flat dinner plate.
Maybe the beer is somewhat inspired by the renowned Poperings Hommelbier from just across the border by Van Eecke. Anyway, the presentation is one of the best around with the label taking the shape of a hop cone. I had certainly enjoyed the beer at a beer festival in the small town of Temse, Oost-Vlaanderen (East Flanders) earlier this autumn.
Other friends did more traditional things, and some well…less traditional like Ultimate. Which is short for Ultimate Frisbee, as far as I understand it; it is Netball, on an American Football pitch with a Frisbee? I’m sure if he reads this he will have something to say about the negative tones laced into that description!
A couple of months ago I found out that my great-grand parents on my mother’s side (married to each other) had each committed suicide by hanging themselves ( at different points in time).
The best way to teach math is to let children count, add, subtract, divide and multiply with their hands, through touching, sorting, filling, cutting, emptying and grouping. This makes math very real. As they get older they won't be intimidated by long division because they been doing just that!
Only after Viv had carefully placed the necklace over Rachel’s head and twisted it twice did she turn her attention to Susan. The eldest, always the last, and no lifting up for eskimo noses, just a tight, two-arms hug.
There are very few men in the world that I respect. Dmitry Klokov, Ron Swanson, Rick Ross, Louie Simmons, Jesus, Michael Jordan, and Rowdy Roddy Piper would be just a few off the top of my head. Now… There is another.
And everyone else can still get a deal on tickets by using these discounts -
Your mistress
Pierre Bourdieu, the French social anthropologist, has pointed out that no dishonor attaches to such primary transactions as selling short weight, deceiving anyone about quality, quantity or kind of goods, cheating at gambling, and bearing false witness. The doer of these things is merely quicker off the mark than the next fellow; owing him nothing, he is not to be blamed for taking what he can. (1)
Colorbox inks
Kaitlyn had her very first Swim Banquet
The nose was rich and spicy with mixed fruit, leather and vanilla and cream notes.
“I think American cats are different! Their game is over quickly”
The corresponding e-book contains the complete set of The Carnegie Maya, The Carnegie Maya II, and The Carnegie Maya III, thus making hundreds of documents from the Carnegie Institution's Maya program available in one source.
On top of being stressed and tired and, essentially, sick, I want different. I want to have the chance to show Myles what a decent relationship consists of before he goes out into the world not having a clue what that might look like. I'll be damned if I'm going to continue to set things up so he thinks all of this is normal. I can't.
This report uses the term “patent assertion entity” rather than the more common “non-practicing entity” (NPE) to refer to firms whose business model focuses on purchasing and asserting patents. Taken literally, the term NPE encompasses patent owners that primarily seek to develop and transfer technology, such as universities and semiconductor design houses. Patent assertion entities do not include this latter group.
I was at a bookstore the other day and chanced upon a small volume of books called Patterns published by the Victoria & Albert Museum. The volume has four books (they are also sold separately) devoted entirely to patterns and prints from designers who had made their names with creating some of the most beautiful, intricate, colorful, riotous, ad infinitum patterns around. The books also come with CDs so you can print out the patterns.
Also: I HAVE A SCALE NOW. And it says that I have now lost 36.74 pounds/ 16,7 kilos!!! ZOMG!!! I am now 51.26 pounds/23.3 kilos away from surpassing Shakira in hotness ranking!
There are a wide array of excellent books that suggest good ways to do things like make decisions or handle conflict. But in my experience, even those people who are trained in such approaches, and shown that they can be used very successfully, even to regularly practice them, revert to simply winging it and failing to use what they have learned. Why is that we are so resistant to good processes or even the Check Lists that Atul Gawande suggests in his great book ‘The Checklist Manifesto?’ This problem fascinates me, especially as this blog is dedicated to the use of systematic step by step conflict processes such as those of Bill Ury or the Creative Conflict Model of this blog. I worked in automotive labor relations and we had a very strike ridden plant. We used systematic conflict disciplines and things got a lot better. I had to order my people to use such disciplines, and make them use them as the basis for reporting/recommending what to do. The processes worked, they delivered measurable results and everyone agreed they helped and reduced strain. Yet within six months of my leaving they had reverted to winging it and were in deep trouble.
‘Well, I’ve just been re-reading your notes and looking at the test results and I think it’s time I made a Chronic Fatigue referral. How do you feel about that?’
OK, I could stop there but there is so much more! I was reading through her About Me page and literally laughed out loud. And I don't laugh out loud. Ever. So stinkin funny! And she's my friend in real life!! Could I be any luckier?
Let us now try out some alternate thoughts…they are all statements which are OPEN tending to dig into our inner wisdom to draw out alternate thoughts and responses which might empower us to act within our circle of control and influence. And they have the power to bust our multiplying negative thoughts and help us stay serene. These simple alternate thoughts if chosen with consideration, can prove to be powerful.
"Hop" on over to each blog listed below and leave a comment!
None of the above behaviors supports the selling process since salespeople will tolerate behavior from their prospects when it is similar to their own. A Buy Cycle that fails to align itself with an ideal selling process causes many of the obstacles that your salespeople have been unable to handle. A Non-Supportive Buy Cycle makes salespeople more vulnerable to stalls, put offs, excuses, and sob stories. Procrastinators, price shoppers, comparison shoppers, researchers and price objectors can also have their way. Despite your attempts to tell them what they should do in these situations, they continue to say or do things that don’t achieve the desired outcome.
come around
Otley is one of those brands.
Then she disappeared into her classroom.
* Ardell Lashtique
deploying 4 infantry battalions.
And whilst we're on the subject, why do we have to have homogenised milk?Why are we obsessed with making every product look uniform.?It actually might not even be very healthy and personally I liked the top of the milk..
With the imposition of the "pensions tax" contribution increases on many teachers, civil servants and health workers now imminent - and local government workers kept in ignorance of proposals, not yet approved by Ministers, which were supposed to provide the basis for agreement of the "big ticket" items by the end of this month - it is no exaggeration to say that we stand on the brink of a calamity.
For those who judge albums by their covers, be warned: I’m still trying to glean any vibe of “new” or of “tropics” from an album whose title apparently promises a little of each. This is NOT a tropical-sounding album at all. Those expecting something in the vein of early Foals or Tanlines would do well to turn their ears the other way. APPARENTLY, nootropics is some new breed of brain-simulating smart drugs. Um, au contraire times two, Lower Dens – this album is perhaps the farthest thing from a brain stimulator since the invention of educational computer games. (That was a joke.)
than the birds
Wess-sigh-eeddee!!
Right away, we hear about these "breathers." The way the family talks about them, you’d think that the devil himself was hunting them. And yet we don’t know what they are yet because the writers have chosen to make them a mystery. Well guess what? That mystery is a storytelling device to keep us, the reader, interested. We will keep reading until we see these breathers for ourselves.
step 4: the flower center - you can use brads, buttons, eyelets, rhinestones or anything that comes to mind; if you choose a brad, you can use a paper piercing tool to make a hole through all the layers and attach the brad through the hole; fluff up the flower.
is not ready to discuss Alan Gross’ situation with Cuba? Is that
I've been very fortunate to find two exceptionally talented women in this field. The first is Amanda Padgett who runs Everyday Elements. She's incredibly savvy at photography and Photo Shop Elements (PSE) and offers online workshops, tutorial videos and so much more. I've taken 2 workshops with her and she's extremely knowledgeable and patient. I cannot recommend her online workshops enough.
7. Monroe and Rosalee seem to have a connection. I think they are good for each other, especially now that she’s staying. As a former addict, Rosalee needs structure and Monroe’s routine would be perfect for her new lifestyle.
Peanut Butter & knife for spreading
I roughly inked the tag using broken china distress stain and for the dress form I used aged mahogany distress ink. I stamped some swirls on the body half and some swirls in gold on the tag and teh word time on the cotton reel.
One of our class of #COMM506 of the MACT program, the instructor noted that social network is a particular movement of re-association and reassembling. In my perspective, social network is an action where people with similarity needs are associated to reach a goal. In the case of my grandma, she simply associates with other people to keep in touch, to express her feelings and receive appreciation, or to maintain her memory. Even though all my grandma’s nodes are not related each other because they have different activities and needs, she may establish meeting points and she figures out points that they may relate each other. For example, she introduces the doctor to her neighbor who has a health problem, this person refers the doctor to someone else who in turn, recommends this doctor to others. It is interesting how dyads or pairs may be tiny small groups and how they can transform themselves in large groups of people.
2 1/4 tsp (1 envelope, 7 gr) yeast
I can taste my gum. Know my mouth is fresh.
Quite frankly we have been scandalously misled by an unholy alliance between stupid politicians, the self-regarding green lobby, covetous manufacturers and venal land owners. Even in economically vibrant times the policy made no sense. One would have to cover this fair land from end to end with wind farms to meet even a fraction of our future energy needs. But in these economically straightened times wind appears to be just that – wind. It took austerity to expose this scandal.
Results
53. Dust on the Bottle -- David Lee Murphy
I have coloured Edwin with distress ink pads onto 300gms watercolour paper.
And yet, there are some others who deeply and truly understand what love is…
PEANUT PANCAKE
Next time, I have some MUCH more involved projects to share. Stay tuned!
12. Spring Arrives - Azam Ali / 5:18
I am going to put a side note in here. I don't consider myself one of those overachieving moms who goes out of her way to make things just so for her children. I just want to make their lives filled with fun and creativity while they learn new things. I am learning new things all the time. I want to pass that love of learning and doing on to them. I like it when they see mommy can't do something the first time, and then I figure it out. Or I love it when I hear them playing and they say, "I have an idea!" Because I say that all the time...I am always having ideas that I jot down.
I am pleased to announce that the NEW 5 Lollipop Girls have been chosen and I know that you all will be inspired by them in the months to come.
He told the Sunday Times: ‘My body is theirs to do what they want with.’
2. Groza II 07:17
Remember that scene in “Sideways” in which the character played by Virginia Madsen says that she likes to drink wine because she likes to think about how it is a living thing, how every bottle has its own history?
The only question was how to get bin Laden to agree. The shura believed bin Laden would only listen to one man: Abu Ayoub Al Iraqi, who had accompanied bin Laden to Peshawar in the early 1980s and had been a mentor to bin Laden when he founded al-Qaeda, then faded into the background. The problem was, according to the ex-couriers, that only bin Laden knew how to contact him. So, the shura decided to present a plan to bin Laden for the capture of the Kahuta nuclear base on condition that it would be subject to the approval of Iraqi.
This week it's the third of our First Friday of the Month Colour Combo Challenges and this time it's Kathy's turn to choose the colours:
But, I can show you the art and let your imaginations roam the setting and characters.
I was told recently that I have the “gift of asking” if I do it without fear, reticence and trepidation. Today on the phone I called a colleague and while I over intellectualized it and over schmoozed it, I stood strong in the mission and bent for the immediate goal and accomplished what I set out to get. It was quietly amazing and humbling. Courage came today on the wings of signs and wonders.
If you’re a woman reading this, I thought I’d share my dating experiences, not because I’m qualified to dispense advice (far from it as you’ll see) but, if nothing else, it will give you a really good laugh and many of you will empathise I’m sure.
I love, love, love this image! The image is colored with Copics on Neenah. My base is Bazzill and I've added a little extra matting with some solid black. The patterned paper is from the 3 Bugs in a Rug collection called A Trip to Paris. I thought this paper would be perfect to use for this image and I love the results. I typed my own sentiment on my computer and printed it out and layered it the same as my image. For the middle piece, I cut out the striped piece, cut out the purses strip and edged it with black Bazzill I punched with my Martha Stewart punch. I decided to add the rose in at the last minute. I love how it all came together and I hope you like it too!
Though at first glance, the negative may seem to outweigh the positive, I still had a great time at Parkville Microfest this year. It's not surprising that attendance shot up significantly given the steadily increasing popularity of craft beer, so from this point on it will just be a matter of Parkville (and other beer events) adapting accordingly and growing with the crowd.
I didn't buy any roasted chicken here today, but I have on previous market mornings. The vendors are Asian, and they sell stir-fried rice and noodles, too. I think it's a funny combo, but the couple is nice and their food is quite good.
Fellow travelers/locals became more animated and talkative. Soon we were chatting like chums to each other about the equally damaged Washington Monument (cracked), signs of the times, and how DC has changed in recent decades. TT and I both received copies of The Examiner Washington from ethnic men eager to share.
Apart from the beautiful architecture and view, I loved that there was a very serene and warm feeling there. Of course, the spring sun certainly helped. Assisi is said to be one of those sacred places of peace.
So, as you can see, I AM VERY SERIOUS about this business. I just need to know what information you want from me to proceed. I’ve already attached my identification twice but from what it looks like, you need more information. What else is required of me.
An Obituary printed in the London Times...Absolutely brilliant!
- she has not been to a hairdresser since the turn of the Millennium.
Slight creaks from the wooden stairs formed a crisp echo as I stepped off the last plank onto the polished tile floor of the foyer. Tall ceilings and ebony colored furniture carefully dotted the living room.
I hadn't been verbally abused for at least two weeks.
A new school year means back to school shopping- yes, even if you're in college. So what did my mom get for me in a last ditch effort to make me appreciate her before I left for college? A new sweatshirt. But not just any sweatshirt, a sweatshirt with headphones built in.
I’d also have to pick the distance. The event offers 1.2 mile, 2.4 mile, 4.8 mile, and 12 mile swims. My gut says go with the 1.2 mile, since it’s my first open water event. 1.2 miles is very doable for me in a pool. It’s 2,112 yards – that’s almost 700 yards less than I swam yesterday. But I have a feeling 1.2 miles in open water would feel a helluva lot different.
Please bring a guest if you can, but most importantly…Be there!
For the past few months, I've been thinking about what to do with my blog once I turned 25. I obviously couldn't be '25 Before 25' forever. When I started blogging, I had no intention of keeping my blog beyond my 25 Before 25 project but that quickly changed as I came to love my blog and the blogging community as a whole.
Pin well (I like to pin a few cm's in from the edge of the fabric so I can leave my needles in. Some people like to pin either side of the seams and sew over the pins. It's up to you and what you're comfortable with.
Here are some of the planters all ready for their showing this weekend
Eat more fruits and veggies - This is non-specific, but that's ok... I just want to eat a little cleaner than last year without putting hard restrictions on myself that I can't follow!
It is Mother's Day. A time to celebrate. A time to give thanks. A time to say, I love you mom.
How to Awaken the Gifts of Soul You Were Born With
the closer is in
In an attempt to develop political integration among the nation-states between the regions, here Latin America led by USA and Asia President Obama may consider the formation of a triangle among USA, India and China while USA constitutes the tip of the triangle and India and China constituting the two corners of the base of the triangle. With the growth and development of the sub-regional nation-state in the two regions while the resources and the people (powerhouse and powerless- of the two categories the later stretches from the poor to the middle stratum) will be brought into single stream the anticipated triangle will be transformed into quadrant that includes Japan from Asia. The formation of triangle and quadrant is intended to develop certain model in development following the given World Embracing Alternate Paradigm In Development of Tarit Datta Gupta – Mary Kaldor which will come into discussions in the future blogs to post. In order to develop political integration with Europe, it will be very much useful to develop and improve relations with Russia though Russian President Mr. Vladimir Putin appears to think about ‘deep democracy’ as another metaphor of democracy. It is necessary for political integration to maintain more or less similar line of thoughts in development as much as possible, as such, as the Democratic Party of USA does not use metaphor rather talks about democracy which is ‘for, of and by’ the people and is applicable everywhere in demand-supply equation among the people, market and nation-state so Mr. Putin can also think to talk about democracy and highest form of democracy. It is intended to benefit the other nation-states of the globe from the uniqueness, charisma and magnetism in development that is awarded by the universally accepted definition of democracy. In Europe the very recent example of positive changes in political relations in our favor is the win of leftists and liberal democrats in the election to form the government in France and I would fervently request President Obama to give due attention towards France in the light of World Embracing Alternate Paradigm In Development of Tarit Datta Gupta – Mary Kaldor. Similar structures with other regions and within the same region will also develop which necessitates drastic defense cut to avoid any sort of catastrophic competition among the sub-regional nation-states. The World Embracing Alternate Paradigm In Development Tarit Datta Gupta – Mary Kaldor hypothesis: Integrated Relations among Global Governance, Global Civil Society and Human Security Is Complete Life discusses in detail about the uninterrupted open highest form of capitalism with the supreme flavor and spirit of egalitarian and highest form of democracy with the supreme integration of its three fundamentals: ‘for, of and by’ the people.
“Hackers increasingly are turning to social-networking applications such as Facebook and Twitter to deliver malware to mobile devices, according to AVG Technologies’ “Q1 2012 Community Powered Threat Report.” AVG said Google’s Android platform is particularly susceptible to attack, and noted that the search giant removed more than 100 malicious applications from its Google Play store last year.” Read more..
Glory to Kill: 50? 75?
To find this information from your GA dashboard, on the right side click on Visitors, then scroll down to Visitor Trending, then Visits. Once you are at the Visits screen in the top right hand side of the screen there (just under the date) is "Graph by" and four little icons.
The University of Cincinnati track team took the stage to lead everyone in stretching, and everyone was supposed to be back with their group - except our group had three coaches, a handful of running buddies, and no girls! Eventually they all made their way over to us right before the race started, and coaches started handing off girls to buddies. The smallest girl ended up with me. She was so cute, wearing pink butterfly wings, not-quite chest-high on me, and I bent down to introduce myself and give her a high-five. She told me she was 8, so one of the youngest girls at the event in general - it starts in third grade. The first thing she asked me was, "Do you run fast?" I laughed and told her I don't run really fast but I enjoy running. I asked her how fast she runs and she said, "Super fast!" I told her I may have to keep up with her!
A good horse book is hard to find if you are over 12 years old. I don't like stories that are unrealistic when it comes to the relationship between a horse and it's human ( a reason I am not seeing War Horse) and I think Black Stallion type stories give young people, and their parents, dangerous ideas about horses. With all this in mind, I was excited to hear about Dressage Chronicles. I typically don't buy books of fiction unless it is a classic. I use my local library for the other books, so when DC came into the library, I was thrilled.
Are you ready for Christmas???
I soon discovered that the positive energy from these journals was overflowing into my classroom. Sure, the kids still rankled each other - kids will be kids, you know! But they were beginning to focus more on the positive. Little things, like saying nice things about each other and noticing when someone said or did something nice to or for them. And they were happy. And you know what they say "Happy kids = Happy teacher"!
I have been on a blog hiatus. I have been bad. Really really bad. I have been feeling weighed down by children coughing, and coughing and coughing some more. Then I almost died from Strep throat. OK. that is a lie. I FELT like I was going to die from strep throat and THEN I got mono. OK that too is a lie. It took me FOREVER to get over my step throat and then I googled "sore throat" .... and self diagnosed my inability to motivate myself to clean the house and get the laundry done, as mono. I prescribed myself 2 book trilogies in a row and early bedtimes and TA DA ..... good as newish.
Mortal Kombat is out NOW on the Vita. Buy it, just because it’s excellently done, the Vita-exclusive content is fun and often intentionally funny and hell, NetherRealm busted their collective butts on this translation, so it’s a portable game that’s worth full price even if you already own the console versions. What, you’re not interested? So, you take your PS3 or 360 around and play on the subway or bus? No s#!t? Send me a photo of that working out for you and I’ll post it here.
It was banned by the BBC and on mainstream stations. It still however managed to sell by the track load but ‘somehow’ managed to peak only at number 2 in the charts. It was kept off top spot by Rod Stewart’s ‘I don’t wanna talk about it’. Loverly.
It's blindingly obvious to most of us, I hope, that if an author thinks a review is unfair, offensive, wrong, sloppy or whatever, she should not take it personally, and should absolutely not attack the reviewer in public. Find someone to moan to who knows you are not an egotisical brat - or who knows that you are an egotisical brat, but loves you anyway.
 More control of “their” neighborhoods and areas, overriding the majority White legal-justice system – more absolute and unchallenged control of their crime-ridden barrios and of larger and larger sections of the country.
was shamed
Richard dumps a bag full of crap out and tells Ben they have to go get more dynamite or else "she" died for nothing. Quiet Frank just watches.
VIDAL: You know Mr. Gross was not working in Cuba as a volunteer,
My Auntie Pat and Uncle Alan joined us all for the evening and, buoyed by the success of this game at Christmas, we even had a few rounds of charades, the highlight being Dougie pretending to urinate over everything for a film which will forever be known as The Piss Family Robinson.
Do not buy into any of the drama. Do not buy into the fear of Earth changes, days of darkness, times of black. These are mechanisms to slow you down. You cannot, you cannot be slowed down. We entreat you, do not make the choice to be slowed down. Ascension, shifting, rising up to the new dimensions is very rapid. Come with us. Because as you do, none of what we have called the old third dimensional realities, the old paradigms of old human reality, they don’t exist.
In a baking dish, coat with non-stick cooking spray. Add meat mixture, green beans, then mashed potatoes. Top with shredded cheese. Bake in oven for 20 minutes or until cheese is melted.
The Road to Christmas (Not for Children) ... LMN ... 8 PM
John Fredriksz: Lead Vocals, Backing Vocals
“Children, obey your parents in the Lord.” (Paul - Ephesians 6:1)
The taffeta which was used to make these little plasters was cut into strange shapes. There were the crescent moon, the star, different flowers, and even animals or people. The face looked like a shadow-play performance.
I know it's been a little while, but grad school has kept me busy as of late. If you missed my last post, or just forgot what it was about, check it out here ! It was the final recap of the Heber Springs Tri-the Lake Sprint Triathlon.
forgiving one another as God has forgiven you in Christ.” (Eph 4:25-27, 30-32) "
As an alternative, I’ve set forth a third model representing my view of an approach more in line with the Biblical data.
Does anyone else think like this too? Did Lent dredge up any surprises for you?
Combine dry ingredients. In another bowl combine wet ingredients. Fold mixtures together stirring just until moistened. Add raspberries. Fill greased muffin tins. Bake at 425 for 15-20 minutes. Cool in pans. Makes 12.
When I finally looked into her eyes, I saw they were the most beautiful amber color. Like a cats eyes. Had I never noticed this before?
Studio 490: Gentlemen's Art (let your heart lead the way)
The beetroot I bought cooked and vacuum sealed, I only had to warm it up. The rice was leftover from yesterday’s dinner (I prepared extra on purpose). It’s basmati rice boiled in a tomato and celery stew with a lot of ginger and a bit of pepper.
The sad thing is, most people do no better in their search than I did with my purple sock.
Here is how I made my case.
(Yes I know the convictions are establishment imposed war wounds, but such nuances matter more to history and to the party faithful than they do to the wider public)
Most of the times it’s your very own friends and family who are the WORST when it comes to this kind of a thing. “Can you make me this?” “Can you fix this?” “Can you design me this?” “Can you critique this?”
1/2 teaspoon Sriracha
where sandstorms rage
Here is our featured shelter pup today who is in need of a forever home and the love and cuddles he deserves. His name is Barney, a 2 year old Border Collie X who is located at Doggie Rescue. Please contact monika@doggierescue.com if you know someone who can help save this gorgeous dog.
I give Media Blasters/Tokyo Shock’s DVD release of DESTROY ALL MONSTERS a kaiju-sized 5 out of 5 ‘Jaggies’!
Day 9 (Wednesday)
08 This Is The Beginning
so, everyone who is celebrating: merry merry, friends!
Ok, now the last one. About 45 minutes have passed and I chugged some Crystal light, so after a few I'm going for the last new SA Beer in this Variety Pack.
Goodbye Bread – Ty Segall
Trifecta Date
In the Rwandan genocides of 1994, more than 800,000 people were killed in a matter of weeks; that is roughly the population of San Francisco or Austin, TX. Roughly 400,000 people have died in the Sudan in the last few years as a result of deplorable living conditions brought on by a civil war; that is roughly the population of Miami, Cleveland, or Tulsa. In the "War on Terror" in Iraq and Afghanistan, reliable estimates put the total death toll at somewhere around 919,967, which includes 5,885 US service members; this is roughly the population of San Jose, CA, or Indianapolis. The wars in the Balkans in the early 90s caused deaths equal to the population of Cincinnati. Combined, these deaths of just these few wars would equal the population of Chicago.
By the one who's strong can right your wrongs
In the mean time, I'm taking lots of pictures of the paper poppies in progress. Stay tuned for more from North o' the border, if I can figure out how to get my images out of the camera and into a computer with an internet connection. If I'm not mistaken, there's a Mac, a PC, a memory stick, some sort of "reader", a cable, an ipod, and a partridge in a pair tree all involved in the transfer.
… And consult them in the affairs… (V.3:159)
Track:
It’s cowardly but I’m hiding because I’m not good enough
— From head to bottom, he measures 3 1/2 inches — about the size of a lemon — and he weighs 1 1/2 ounces.
It's a strange beer, with flavors I'm unused to, and yet I really enjoyed it. Sometimes imports take you on a mini-vacation. I could imagine a cold place with lots of root vegetables and dark bread and this beer on the table, maybe with a fire burning cozily off to the side.
However, not everyone looked at this as art work. Some critics laughed in disdain about what adults were filling their time with. But in the end, the educational value proved to be a positive selling point for the product. It was seen as a transitional item that introduced those interested in art to the tools and techniques necessary to flourish in the trade.
Hi, if you saw my last post, you will know that I've recently been invited to join the Design Team over at Let's Ink It Up, which I'm really thrilled about - a big thank you to everyone who left lovely comments, I really appreciate you taking the time to drop by. The theme for this month is "Show Us Your Flowers", and is sponsored by the lovely Suzanne herself:
Things I Think: An amazing professor of mine, poet Norma Cole, always reminds her students to "be more curious" when reading: look up unknown words, cross reference obscure facts, let the text lead you on an adventure as you move from book to book to gain a more complete level of understanding. Thayil's "Narcopolis" definitely made me more curious in this way. Admittedly, my knowledge of Bombay was limited when I encountered this book, and I found myself so inspired by Thayil's rendering of this history that I could not (and still cannot) stop researching the time period he describes.
Citizenship: India
Compensation – -0.7
I want full equality internationally. I want all of the LGBTQ people – people I feel connected to, because we all share one struggle – to be free. Freedom to love, freedom to marry without fear of being looked down upon, shunned, attacked, murdered. I want to live in a world where being gay is as “normal” as being straight. I don’t want people to give me an incredulous look when I tell them I have a girlfriend. I don’t want to hear the words “but you don’t LOOK gay!” ever again. I want to be me, and I don’t want to feel alienated because of it.
Of course there had to be Annie Sloan chalk paint involved, right?
Iridologists conduct their readings using charts on which each area of the iris is mapped to a specific body system or organ. Iridology charts vary, with at least 20 different ones in existence.
I have no problem making my final day in Azeroth a lengthy one.
The only modest increase in gasoline prices is surprising given that oil prices (the spot price for West Texas Intermediate) have been on the rise for the past three months. From its low of $79.43 per barrel in late-September, the oil price rose to almost $100 per barrel in the first week of December, an increase of over 25%. In comparison, gasoline pump prices drifted up modestly in October, then eased through November, but overall are down 4.2% over the same period. This indicates that upward pressure on gasoline prices is building, such that we can expect to return to very strong growth in the energy price index begin next month (December) and extending into the New Year. Given that rising gasoline prices have been the main driver of the growth in the PPI for finished goods over the past year, we can expect that increase in gasoline prices will be reflected in an increase in the finished goods index. Similarly, gasoline prices also have a heavy influence on the building materials composite index, and the price of individual building materials, due to increasing processing and transport costs. Therefore, a strong increase in prices of building materials can also be expected in 2012.
I have been spending all evening researching the relative merits of rapadura, coconut palm sugar, xylitol, and all-natural sweeteners such as raw organic honey, pure organic maple syrup, date sugar, and concentrated fruit juices.
The book, scheduled to launch mid-summer, 2009, also includes shocking tales of do-it-yourself disasters, and bad plumbing advice combined with humorous stories of dentures, prosthetic eyes and critters that were lost down toilets and drains only to be rescued with sheer tenacity and skill by unsung hero plumbers. The Ghost Hunters, who penned the foreword to the book, offer commentary and practical advice that will have you laughing one minute and recoiling the next. The book is filled to the brim with tips, fun facts and strange tales. Copies of the book will be available online at www.rotorooter.com or www.chillytales.com.
Aren’t we discussing qualia here, as distinct from mental representations? Can we sort them out? Yes: there are, on Hume’s view, no representations, but there certainly are experiences. Experiences don’t represent the world; they are constitutive of the world. So the qualities of experience are identical to the qualities of the world, nothing more or less. That is, if it makes no sense to speak of “qualities of the world” if these are meant to be distinct from the qualities of experience then by the same token it makes no sense to speak of “qualities of experience” either.
Something Borrowed
After one month of my Project: HoofnHorn campaign, I have my first report completed. In March, I amassed $179.98. This includes $15 won on an Oregon Lottery Scratch-It ticket. This total equals .0299% of my total goal. So, unless I want to spend the next 3344* months (278* years!) raising this money,I’d better step it up!
This was reflected in the recently submitted report of the nine-member State Restructuring Commission.
But did I stop there and just shut up? Oh no! I started telling him kid jokes. "What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup? Anyone can roast beef!"
Reversal is not exactly allophilia, which focuses on the attraction, comfort, affection, kinship, and engagement with the other culture or group, but there may well be a correlation between the two concepts. Of course, the exchange student who arrives in a new culture with nothing but good things to say about it tends to be more welcomed in the host family than the one who constantly talks about what’s better back home. And that first exchange student may be more motivated to change, to learn, and to form new relationships with people in the other culture. In a newer article, Pittinsky lists some common and simple ways to try to generate interest and familiarity with other cultures in the classroom. These may be some of the same things that parents do to encourage their children to become interested and engaged with other cultures.
Muslim women are often treated abominably within their communities. But to their suffering, feminists and other right-on liberals are almost totally silent. The only sound from that lobby is the cry of ‘racist’ or ‘bigot’ hurled at anyone who dares protest at such religious slavery.
Would you be interested in reviewing Mobl21?
9. What is your favorite book?
*How long on average do you take to write a book and do you ever have more than one project on the go? If you do have more than one project how do you divide your time?
Next week will be pretty weird. I’ll be living dorm-style, getting up at 7am (OMG!) and eating my meals oryoki style while attempting to chant some kind of Tibetan Buddhist liturgy. The bulk of my time will be spent sitting and meditating or walking and meditating (which is similar but slightly higher up). According to a friend who has been through some of this I will probably be rather hyper-sensitive to the real world at the end of the week. Fortunately my first act after leaving the retreat centre will be to hop on a train to Toronto and spend the next 24 hours or so in transit. Theoretically P and A will already be on said train and we can then spend the next week visiting friends and relatives and generally goofing off.
Method writing.
dark path
For the sake of this particular article, I’m only including food that was prepared by Nicaraguans at Nicaraguan establishments.
i like the nice green colour of the cookies, and must say the taste is quite good too! my mum found it slightly on the sweet side, but this is the premix (i didn't add in any sugar)...
“I thought it was very unfair and very cruel,” she says, adding, “As a mother it was painful for me to hear the crazy rumors. And I even had people ask me, which was so ridiculous.”
To take an example, many parents have read and re-read books with their very young children. Most such children, at any age between, say, 3 and 5 will start to ask what this or that 'says'. They will point at words and letters and try to say them. As you're reading with them, they may ask you, or you may run your finger over the words. If you leave gaps, they will say the word that you're not saying because they have heard you say it before. If you substitute another word, they will tell you. If you leave them with that book and many more, you will hear them saying the book outloud, some of the time because they remember you saying it, some of the time, because they find the word on the page. Sometimes you hear them 'take' that reading of the word to another text and find that word in another text. In other words, they 'read' that word (or words) somewhere else.
Frances K. Mertes was a woman from Wisconsin who is remarkable to me. In the year 1912, she did an almost unthinkable thing for a woman in her time and graduated from Marquette University with a degree in Pharmacy. She graduated as an Assistant Registered Pharmacist and worked for a number of years until her death (cerca 1925).
1. Do you get emotional, yell or cry?
And it doesn’t just affect smokers. For while I have lost most of my former friends, they have also lost me. So they’re losers too. Although I suspect that most of them, if they were non-smokers or anti-smokers, have no idea whatsoever why this has been happening, and why they hardly ever see old friends they once saw regularly.
KIDS STUFF: Workshops, Earth-friendly food, goods & services.
I listened in on a recent general call and came away with two impressions: Despite the reduction in media coverage of the Occupy movement after the initial burst of interest and the evictions of physical occupations, there is an efflorescence of activism happening around the country that didn’t exist just a few months ago. And occupiers are planning and organizing in many directions at once.
Two things about this picture: I love those shoes but I could never wear them. Have I mentioned I have abnormally short toes? I do. See, so, those shoes would be bad for me. Isn't the bottom of that skirt/dress pretty? Okay. Moving on.
2010 Fitou - 16.00€
Bibliography: Craig A. Blaising, “Gethsemane: A Prayer Of Faith” JETS 22 (1979): 333-343.
Only in this first-ever theatrical encounter with Breathless, though, did I truly feel the sheer freedom of Godard's seemingly improvisatory style—as jazz-like as Martial Solal's score—and understand how intricately that freedom corresponds with that of its characters. The film may be celebrated these days for its game-changing cinematic innovations, but those jump cuts and frequent digressions don't exist in the film simply for their own sake. In Breathless, the technique is put to genuinely expressive ends, encoding Michel's high-flying amoral lifestyle into the film's DNA while maintaining a palpable distance from the character. And when, thanks to Patricia, Michel finally sees the end in store for him, the film likewise finally slows down, with Godard's use of Mozart's Clarinet Concerto infusing his moment of realization with a powerfully mournful feeling I don't think I've ever experienced with its ending before.
I’m laughing because the first thing (or person) I thought of was Bernadette Mayer. I first met Bernadette when I took one of her workshops at the confluence of two creeks in East Nassau—I think that was her last workshop, in fact. Quickly, I learned that being around Bernadette made me feel like I feel when I’m around my women cousins—i.e. conspiratorial. There are eight women first cousins on my Dad’s side. When I get around them, especially the second oldest after me, we tend to do a 12-year-old regress. I feel this way with Bernadette, but it’s with an edge. I wish I had more time to conspire with women poets. I love, too, that the roots of this word—like inspire, conspire—contain breath. The breath is in the line. I have a piece in my first book, Our Parenthetical Ontology—“What’s the difference between aspiration and ambition? One lets you breathe.”
No doubt, O'neal is a top 10 all-time great, but could he have been in the top 5 or even 3? Maybe, but I guess we'll never know. One thing is for certain. I like collecting the early O'neal inserts and auto's. A couple of my favorites from my collection are posted above. Enjoy the NBA Finals and… "Every Bounce of the Ball".
When the crepes are cool enough to handle, then slice them into strips. Divide them between 4 soup bowls and set aside.
These little samples aren't meant to be major examples, but quick reference to decide on patterns to use on projects. It's also a lot more portable than my entire collection of pattern cards.
Some did, preferring the wind-harp
The big event at the Javitz Center’s IGN theater Friday night was the Kevin Smith and Jason Mewes live recording of their podcast Jay & Silent Bob Get Old.
The story is told by Rose Hathaway, 17 years old and a dhampire, as it turns out, half Moroi and half human. A Moroi is a good vampire and we also have Strigoi, evil vampires. Dhampires are sworn to protect the Moroi from Strigoi attacks. And Rose, still learning to be a guardian, is protecting her best friend Vasilisa Dragomir, also known as Lissa.
We gather every Friday here to post a very short story. It’s a great way to showcase your voice, but to do it in 100 word is almost an extreme challenge. It forces you to choose strong verbs and concise phrases.
winner all by myself. The lucky
Honestly, with all this excitement, how could you – or Obama – eat a bite?
Gregg, you're a wonder of the world!!
Plus I have been on a cleaning out rampage!!
Romans 10:19
The smiles that i shared ,
Get Out of Town
I set him off too, but not as badly for some reason. Still, we are all walking on eggshells here, breathing shallowly, freezing and cringing when C walks into the room whether or not we are eating anything at the time. He cannot stand to be around us, and it's getting very close to the other way around. Things we can no longer do as a family include: eating meals together (whether at home or in a restaurant), watching TV/movies together (whether at home or in a theater), playing games together, taking long car trips together, going to gatherings where there will be snacks sitting out for people to eat, going pretty much ANYPLACE in public where people might be eating or chewing gum (you know how they put food samples out at grocery stores? we don't shop together anymore). We pretty much can't do ANYTHING together anymore, and taking C out in public anywhere is a risky proposition these days.
Even if health workers go unharmed, they risk being turned away by people who were already mistrustful of foreign interventions and especially of vaccination efforts. The CIA’s logic—that health care teams could penetrate places other outsiders could not—is precisely the reason not to use the tactic.
1 joint
My cousin Lindy (left) had her birthday on Friday, so we had two cakes set up with candles on them. My mom – ever the frugal one – used three candles for Lindy’s cake and size for my father. According to her, each candle represented a decade and both cakes featured one “good luck” candle. If you’re squinting your eyes or shaking your head or whispering “What?” right now, don’t worry, you aren’t alone. And she’s my mom.
4 latest
Suggested Donation: $10
Mown down, it is a feud. Their sons appear,
I will admit that Fuller's wasn't the best ale I had in London, or even my favorite today at home. The local brewed ales in the U.K. are far superior. But it was my first, and you never forget your first. Fuller's is a little difficult to find. However if you are so lucky to find it, buy it. I promise, you will enjoy it. Cheers.
What's it called at your house and what's included in your recipe...
The little tube along the right hand side is something I picked up in the jewelry/bead aisle at my local craft store. Cut another strip from the last travel book page and stamp a new word or phrase. Roll it up and slide it into the tube, so the word is visible. Secure the ends of the tube with small glue dots.
Hurricane threat
MightyNest is thrilled to participate in the May Buffet Giveaway Hop starting tomorrow and they sent me a 2-pack of Wean Green Glasslock Glass Square Snack Cubes (7 oz) for review.
At the time of its release, Amy Adams was criticized for playing yet another energetic, dimwitted character but in this case it is an unfair assessment. While Delysia is no rocket scientist, she isn’t really that dumb, just indecisive and Adams does a nice job of conveying her character’s bundle of conflicted emotions. The young actress is her usual charming, irrepressible self and it’s hard not to root for her. Adams gives us glimpses of Delysia without the energetic façade to reveal a young woman afraid of being who she really is to those that mean the most to her.
7) Riley Blackthorne from The Demon Trapper's Daughter by Oliver
1934-36 Batter-Up #136 Gabby Hartnett
Andrew Paxton: Pine nuts, and the full spectrum of human emotion.
January 2004 was my first birthday alone. T. came home and gave me my gift. It was a mug. A mug that my soon to be ex bought at the dollar store. T. made me a cup of tea in my new mug and I drank my tea forcing it past the lump in my throat. That night after I put T. to bed, I cried.
Sorry I've been MIA lately. Been one busy little black duck - that's for sure.
I just want to say that I will try to write more on this side of the web too.
To make them look a little different from the mini cupcakes, I did a basket weave piping with cream cheese frosting, and then piped Hello Kitty on top in pink (the exact opposite from the Hello Kitty birthday cupcakes I did before).
Now for this months challenge!!! We are going to have a go at creating a TUSSY MUSSY!!!!!
August 2: Happy Campers: the Great Outdoors
Heat a small amount of olive oil in a pan, and add the Italian sausage links.
There will be a student council meeting for all the grade reps and the executive members today, at 11:25 in room 213. Please bring your lunch.
Sorry I was not terribly inspired this week. If you have any wishes for a particular thing or size, ATC, tag, 8 x 8, 12 x 12 or whatever, just leave me a comment or email me.
The author suggests that Radical Islam serves as the current armed vanguard for the growing number of politically diverse state and non-state anti-modernist soldiers and their sympathizers. Radical Islam’s combined conventional and unconventional weapons arsenals and swelling ranks of soldiers logically has the temporary lead in this global assault. While overt alliances to date center on Islamic fundamentalist groups and states, there are signs that the commonality of anti-modernist values may lead to opportunistic alliances with Neo-Nazi and other fascist forces in the near future. For example, direct electronic links to Islamic extremist websites from the white supremacist Aryan Nations website (2006) are compelling evidence of this opportunistic connection.
Sandro Magister today offered comments and published an article by John R T Lamont (For the Lefebvrists, It's the Last Call to the Sheepfold.) Lamont uses a response to the Holy See by Fr Jean-Michel Gleize FSSPX to summarise the difficulties that the SSPX has with a few texts from Vatican II. He then lists a number of conciliar texts on the scriptures, the Church, the Eucharist and marriage and points out that in fact the SSPX accept all of these and that far more of the teaching of Vatican II than many theologians in Europe, North America, and Australasia. He then says:
There have been some interesting comments on my last unschooling post! And several things said lead me to want to elaborate on a few things...
I made a comment too. I talked about how I dread the day that we all wake up to see the headlines "Britney is Dead!" And just like Anna Nicole Smith, people will suddenly be so nice. There will be tributes to her and they will finally have a little bit of sympathy. They stopped slamming Anna Nicole after she was dead, probably to assuage their guilt. Yes guilt, because anyone with half a brainv knew that Anna Nicole's problems had more to do with the fact that she came from a low-class background. They understood it all along, but it was fun to rip her apart. Just like they apparently have so much fun ripping Britney apart and eating her heart.
wandered down,
Gemstones have fascinated me with their colors, carvings and exotic stories attached to their origins. The Hope Diamond, jade from Imperial China or the crown jewels in the Tower of London have a provenance of mayhem, mystery; and yet people still strive to possess them. The danger of owning them only seems to add to their allure.
We’ve found a few things that can work for Jeremy in regards to his behavior at school. First of all, Jeremy is Off of all sugar. He used to have waffles with syrup every morning and all of the sugar gave him too much energy and he was bouncing off the walls! We ultimately realized that sugar has adverse effects so he now gets minute if any sugar in the morning. We even prefer milk over orange juice since fruit has sugar in it.
Regardez, le voilà ! - Son journal frénétique
But grass includes rice, wheat, hay, oats. Take grass away and the world quickly starves to death.
Calling for the unknown to become known
1 T dried cilantro ( 2-3 T, if using fresh)
She was having a 'dream' where she was apparently home in her kitchen, making Sunday supper, and she barked out orders to my grandfather in her sleep.
D. acquisition of the Oregon territory.
I am going to be able to promote these businesses easily! The navigation is perfect for what my dream and mission is! I cannot wait to be able to promote these businesses to the full potential I can!
What did you think of Fast Five? Share your comments below!
Friday, I'll write about first pages that work in different genres, and then I want to hear from you.
Bayliss, however, said the wicket looked hard and good and full of runs.
St Mary's Street
Announcer: Aced!
Helping him into the bath, she left him to relax undisturbed. Closing his eyes, he allowed the aromatherapy to do its work. Twenty minutes later, Suzanne returned with just a sarong wrapped around her body. She proceeded to wash him down with some natural handmade soap she had bought, and then showered him down quickly to get rid of any residual negative energy, dirt and soap. Finally, she rubbed his body down with a soft, clean towel. Letting his manhood lead the way like a divining rod, he followed her into her Queendom.
Diamonds are the birthstone for April.
Instead I’m annoyed that I see so few examples of FAAB gender-queer folk like myself that are not able to adopt a more masculinized/androgynous appearance in places set up to be welcoming to us. I realize that probably has more to do with how US culture frames body types and gender and what boxes we are all constrained within because of it, so no, I’m not mad at the spaces themselves but more the framework we are all stuck to. If parts of that framework fit you and work for you and ease your pain, that’s wonderful. I’m very happy for you because I do have an idea of what its like to be trying to be something you aren’t. I just don’t fit there, and I’m getting tired of trying to find the next best thing because its still the wrong thing. Its like trying to sleep with sand in my bed.
ummm.
Me: But if you change back it's like throwing $50 out the window.
Widely accessible science fiction filled with action, adventure, and mystery, this standalone follow-up features a diverse cast of characters with a strong female protagonist. THE GALAHAD LEGACY is guaranteed to satisfy devoted fans as well as attract and captivate newcomers to the Galahad series. Books can be purchased here.
It took no pleasure in the sunshine, nor in the birds. The glowing clouds, that sailed overhead at sunrise and sunset, meant nothing to it.
Three posts in the past two months. I rule.
Full Review
It seems like we inevitably end up in a jewellery shop when we are on holiday and, it being our 25th wedding anniversary in a few weeks, this Cornish interlude ran true to form. So it is that I find my wallet is a good deal lighter following the furnishing of one of Mrs Darce's fingers.
“His mom is having to go to Denver for back surgery,” I said, making conversation with my boss.
According to an Oxford University professor who has seen her original manuscripts, Jane Austen was shit at grammar and crap at spelling. I happen to think she wrote dull novels as well (apart from Emma). Others disagree with me on that. But she is an example that great writers are about ideas not linguistic rules.
Kenmore Vacuum Bags Review (kenmorevacuumbagsreview.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Here I sit, and sit I now indoors but with all windows open. The heaviest storm I’ve seen in a few years is just rolling over the horizon. All the insects have found a dry place to wait out the weather.
Smell is the most powerful of the senses when it comes to recalling memories and I certainly experienced that this morning, when the mere act of opening a wooden box led to the unearthing of a memory that was so happy, it bought tears to my eyes and a huge smile to my lips.
Team cohesion is a vital element of a successful organization. Trust, communication, and respect are factors that contribute to building team cohesion. In 2011, researchers looked at how 13 Olympic organizations (winners of 24 medals at the Beijing Olympics) shaped their programs. The findings are useful and relevant for high school and collegiate coaches, club presidents, and business owners. What are the common themes among the successful Olympic programs?
Yesterday, the Daily Fail ..er .. Mail ...Whatever, printed another of their daily anti BNP smears, this time attempting to compare the BNP to the Nazis on the basis that some Czech person, who once had a friend who knew someone who Nick Griffin once met got a bit pissed off with some Roma travellers. (they really were scraping the bottom of the barrel with that one, but they grasp at what straws they can, I guess).
Russian River Damnation
Indian braided tassel -
From the 10 albums he's released to date, this would be my hand-picked set-list for the newlyweds:
Whilst watching the pantomime, I was reminded of another lost boy, but one who's name seldom if ever crosses the lips of and mainstream politician or Media pundit. A boy with a shy, but compelling, smile a loving family, and a life time of possibilities ahead of him, and one who, unlike Stephen Lawrence, has been proven by a court of law, to have been the actual victim of a brutal racially motivated murder.
As our chat moves on to yet another round of drinks, Emilíana’s coffees and two-day emulsion bender start to take a slightly more obvious effect. At one point, during a crucial part of how she signed to Rough Trade Records, she interrupts herself with an ecstatic “Oh my god! Mushy mushy moo, look at that!” as a local leather-daddy strolls past the window walking a tiny purse-sized fuzzy dog on a lead. She breaks down into a gush of doggy banter and we compare sad and all-too-recent tales of losing our own pets.
first onto my right side, then onto my left.
The right way to reveal secrets is to throw breadcrumbs. Imagine yourself trying to draw a dog to follow you. You sprinkle dogie treats every so often in the direction you want them to head. Eventually they will reach the bowl of food.
The women wondered how they would move the heavy stone from the tomb. But when they arrived at the tomb, they saw that the stone was rolled away and Jesus’ body was gone. Near the tomb they saw an angel.
I couldn't help but think that this car was sort of like me right now. Many miles traveled. Still healthy. Lots of road left to cover - just needing a little TLC and routine maintenance. My "other" car - I drove her from Charleston to Phoenix last fall and then back again last week - just passed 150,000 miles so she's no spring chicken either. She needs more work than the Toyota but I expect to nurse her back to full health too.
That's it for now, The show will be available when we finish polishing it up, I'll let you know when that is. Then I guess I need to make a date to tape the next one! Arrgghh! LOL :)
Right, I'm off for a beer, anyone know a good pub that's still open?
Finding a way to hold each board securely while planing the bevels was tricky. So, when I finished the boards for this box, I decided to build a shooting board so that the next storage box will move along more quickly (in theory).
According to this story in the Daily Telegraph, the producers of Mather’s, Continental Wine & Food of Yorkshire, are concerned that the effect of the budget will double the price of a bottle. If this causes a dramatic drop in sales, the product may cease to be commercially viable. CWF already sell just 35,000 bottles a year, mostly to elderly people in Yorkshire.
In Italy, the title race also took another twist as AC Milan were defeated at home to struggling Fiorentina and Juventus won away to Palermo. This allowed the unbeaten Bianconeri to go top above Milan. In the race for Champions League football, Lazio beat Napoli 3-1 and are three points clear of Udinese in the last UCL spot.
May 7, 2009
Keep checking back though as new items will be added as I create them..
Abstract art, specifically painting, has become such an excepted idiom that it is a valid alternative to a landscape when decorating your home or office. In addition, or because of this, abstraction almost immediately leaves a bad taste in your mouth. Especially when seen in a gallery or museum. The general public and the in-the-know art-crowds alike have a distaste for it these days. While it is seen as especially suited for public spaces (any location that could use a bit of color in the form of non-threatening splashes and dabs) any serious consideration of abstraction is extremely frowned upon. Abstraction has given birth to the age-old, and never worn-out, impulse of “my child could do that.” An argument the aesthetes have yet to convincingly rebut. This is all the more difficult, when theory has chucked out Modernism and Greenberg & Rosenberg. On the one hand we are attacking abstraction, symbolized by the Abstract Expressionists, for our own postmodern reasons. On the other, we don’t want to be in the same category as the debased masses. So what are art people to do? Abstraction is at once arguably a much accepted option, especially in the halls of painting departments at art schools across the land. But it is also ignored, even despised by the reigning opinions and trends of today’s art world.
Anyone who has ever taught knows that if your student's eyes are not on you, then they probably aren't listening. Yet a pair of peepers could be staring right at you while the brain behind it is only thinking about a cheeseburger. Such are the ways of learning. It takes a great deal of hard work and discipline from the teacher AND the listener. I always hated saying to my students, "Pay attention!" or "Listen while I'm talking." I began to tell them, "Eyes on me" which eventually evolved to, "Eyeballs!" I always get a smile or laugh from my piano students when I say this, but they definitely know that it's time to LISTEN UP.
–July 14, 2005
Then the babysitter came for Ady and Mom and Dad went to the UFC fight (the original purpose for the chicago trip) with our friend Brian Bailey.
Although poop and related processes seem outside of the range of topics generally studied by social psychologists, a group of researchers, led by psychologist Jamie Goldenberg, have bravely ventured into this territory and made some important discoveries about the origins of body-related shame. According to Goldenberg and colleagues, bodily functions are threatening because they remind us of our "creatureliness" and therefore our mortality, or vulnerability to death. Societal rules about proper body maintenance exist in part to manage our discomfort with our own and others' animality, and we are presumably motivated to conform to these rules in order to gain social acceptance and feel valued, even when conformity, paradoxically, compromises our physical health.
And what's with all the sing sing sing?"
Miniature breadsticks, a few slices of tiny toast and a small dollop of a fiery chilli sauce are also provided.
to show me
What Kind of fool am I?
Pls remember though that the percentage quoted here was against a 2010 population estimate of 26,160,256. Our Statistic Department’s Census says its about 27.5 million. So, put against this stats, I guess the penetration of internet is a bit higher.
The trendy and tourist-ridden West End lies within the western portion of the loop and includes Soho, Trafalgar Square, Piccadilly Circus, Leicester Square and Regent St. The East End, so beloved of Ealing comedies, lies east of the Circle Line; it used to be the exclusive preserve of the Cockney but is now a cultural melting pot.
What: Score Football autographs, including Hot Rookies, Inscriptions and more
Alex: What is your time line?
It just seems like one more thing to do. I do believe FB is a huge part of my lack of blogging.
During the last trimester of my pregnancy I was so big and nauseous I did not have a lot of options but to stay at home and be in bed rest. Lucky, for me I could stare at direct start tv programming all day long. Well, I'm not too big on television. Actually I don't think that I ever have been. Usually, all I would watch is Judge Judy every weekday from 4-5 pm central time. Or, catch up on the Bachlorette (which I would try not to miss their daily trip giveaway entry). Hmm, but most importantly tasty is keeping up with HBO's True Blood. Now that I am a fan of.
Patagonia Jacket Women Sale on Black Friday 2011 A Patagonia staple, the Nano Puff Vest combines the light, ethereal warmth of the classic Nano Puff Jacket with the flexible agility of a vest. This Primaloft vest can be used as an ultra-light mid-layer or a windproof outer-layer. Windproof Superwarm Highly compressible Primaloft Unique quilt pattern holds insulation in place promoting durability and longevity, Brand Patagonia, Color None, Unique quilt pattern holds insulation in place promoting durability and longevitySuperwarmHighly compressibleWindproofPrimaloft
The Listening Eye was an interesting mystery novel filled with strange characters and an intriguing Miss Silver.
I email the Swede to share the news. I email another friend for advice on what to ask an agent. Again, I’ve read all the blogs. I know what a writer is supposed to ask, but because I’ve highlighted my research, labeled my workpapers, three-hole punched my printouts, I already know the answers to those standard questions. The smartest thing I did when setting out to find an agent—I only queried the agents I would be privileged to work with.
I made some houmus with the excess chickpeas by combining in a blender (for ages) with probably a bit too much garlic (3cloves!), juice of 1 lime, a handful of fresh coriander, salt, pepper and heaps of Extra Virgin Olive Oil.
“I can’t describe it. Just to get that 10th win was awesome.”
A lady asking the price on a brown maxi skirt, only to throw it down in horror when the seller asked £15 for it.
I wasn't sure what to expect there, but the place is super nice despite being over a crowded bar. I have a nice private bed and a locker. Anyway, I know you come here to read this horseshit.
The next day proved a first for me. I shot my first official "photographer" event. It was a Sweet Seventeen Party for some friends from church, who I love dearly, so I figured, why not. Note to self: Event photography is not your gig, deal with it. But I had a blast and Sami was beautiful. Here are a couple of my favs!
I guess, as my husband didn't know he was dying until the week in which he died, he hadn't thought of concealing it all. Then it was too late. He went downhill so quickly, I guess it was the last thing on his mind. But had I known what I now know, there was no way our marriage could have continued. He would have become my "ex". I am now grieving for the 18 years of our marriage that was a lie (although I will never know how much of it or to what extent) as well as the emotional effort I have put in since - searching for the treasured memories which have now become contaminated. It has all been taken from me.
Barbara asked each participant to bring three "precious objects" and there was a fascinating array of things on show - a pair of socks, a radio, photographs, various small figures, books and notebooks etc. These were used in a series of exercises aimed at creating a fictional character in which poets and prose writers were catered for.
Protected by an enourmouse phalax of great warriors
Find a girl who reads. You’ll know that she does because she will always have an unread book in her bag. She’s the one lovingly looking over the shelves in the bookstore, the one who quietly cries out when she finds the book she wants. You see the weird chick sniffing the pages of an old book in a second hand book shop? That’s the reader. They can never resist smelling the pages, especially when they are yellow.
You pick up the body oil and pour it over my arse, watching it trickle down the crack of my butt and mixing with my cum on the inside of my thigh. Your fingers massage it into me, making me slippery and tempting. You push deep inside me and watch your cock get covered in oil and my cum as you slide in and out of me. I rock myself back onto you, desperate to get all of you, hungry for you inside me, hungry for you to come inside me. Just as the rhythm gets to a peak where one of us will give in to any second, you pull out of me and slowly push your self into my arse. I scream as you do so, the oil on you making it less of a burning sensation and instantly a pleasurable desire to fuck you hard. Your filthy, slut is in full flow, filth pouring from her lips as you fuck her as she wants. You can feel yourself building up inside her tight arse and know that the next stroke will fill me with everything you’ve got. My body ravished by you like a prisoner of lust I call out your name and come a second after you, arching my back and shuddering, beads of sweat trickling down my back.
With the strong green sprouts
Politicians and TV are constantly being nice to ethnics and if any are involved in a cultural activity or a sport there is always an adjective of praise in front of the name. Wishful thinking overrides analysis. They don’t have to face the consequences of their inadequacy if they build us up as a bogey figure.
The 44th stop on Afro-IP's tour of official African intellectual property websites takes Kingsley Egbuonu to war-torn Somalia, where the prospect of peace and ensuing stability is something for which we all fervently hope and pray.
You might say that the salmon, an exotic fish, became an invasive species in Lake Huron and wrecked the food web.
Ocean kayaked
And yes, She is a vampire novel (-.-)… It’s what I do:
You can't tell from this shot, but even though Joanne was late (she had to run back home to get her foot pedal), she got 2 NY Beauty blocks completed. Maybe I should call her speedy gonzalez :-).
He taught me so many things throughout the years, but the last thing he taught me—and Anna knows this, and those of those who were there know this, and those of you at Body Choir may have heard me say this—but he really taught me, as he left this world, he taught me how to dance out of this world, because that was what he was doing, so still and so quiet and so gently and beautifully, and I’ll always treasure that moment, because, as he left, his spirit filled us all and it’s with us today.
3. The world feels a lot smaller. Anyone in the world can see this blog. Which is really awesome. But Australia in particular no longer feels like it’s on the opposite side of the world. Which is where I want it to be. Australians are awesome, but your native flora and fauna have a singular mission to kill humanity. My biggest fear is honestly the Australian outback. Much as I would like to visit you someday, I’m afraid some of those poisonous critters you have are going to sneak into your cities and kill me in my sleep. There is, in fact, only one person in the world who would ever be able to get me to go to Australia. Sadly, it will never happen, so facing my biggest fear is not going to be one of the 101 things to do before I die.
Soon Beckett’s stipulation that only letters with a bearing on his work can be published will be repeated as often as Kafka’s request to Max Brod. The difference is that we may regret Beckett’s executors were not so disloyal. What ever the riches the letters contain, we will always wonder about those bearing on the life. However, the latest volume stresses the unavoidable and indeed necessary nature of such wonder.
Yet, wronging and attacking her is exactly what happened. She returned home to inevitable fallout. A lot of unloving actions began to occur: Uncalled for attacks on her character, cruel comments left on the internet… in general it was all-around hatefulness.
“Well? What was it?” asking with his shoulders and a great big ‘Huh?’ Kathy reaches below her seat and produces cherished ragged teddy bear. “I forgot Andy.” She presses Andy’s tattered yarn laced mouth against Jacks giving him a complimentary teddy bear smooch.
The Brassicaceae family (common names: cabbage or mustard family) holds many common garden plants like cabbage, broccoli, cauliflower, kohlrabi, and kale. Interestingly, all of these plants are cultivars developed from one wild species according to my botany professor (years ago now ;)). A different characteristic was selected to produce each unique plant accounting for their very different looks and characteristics. In gardening circles these plants are often referred to as coles (as in 'cole'slaw). This week we will examine cauliflower.
that so many already live with
I dunno why, but there's something about sitting at my desk that actually gets in the way of thinking. Maybe it's the myriad distractions of the internet. Or the background hum of developers arguing over whether Spiderman could defeat The Sandman 'in real life'.
Anyway, I really wanted to share these two news with you. It’s not all war and hatred here, though finding the positive stories sometimes feels like finding an oasis in the desert. But I’m sure that that will change.
With 3 residences and 5 Lots spanning approx. 130 acres, the Estate is situated on Cabbage Tree Island, around 5 kms to the township of Old Bar and about 25 mins driving time to Forster, and approx. 3 1/2 hrs driving distance from Sydney. The property is everything you would imagine island-living to be, and so much more. Spectacular views and scenery, glorious peace and solitude, vast rolling lawns and magnificent 100-year old trees.
The stool color spectrum is even more informative than the Bristol Chart. Heaps of information on one’s health habits can be gleaned from the color of their poop. Here are the notable ones.
Seriously!! I know! (My husband's seen him, I think.)
TODAY THE HIVES ARE HUMMING WITH ACTIVITY AND GRAY, GREEN AND BRIGHT YELLOW POLLEN IS BEING DELIVERED BY THE VERY BUSY WORKER BEES. BY THE WEIGHT OF THE HIVES THEY STILL HAVE LOTS OF HONEY AND POLLEN STORES INSIDE, BUT ONE THING WE HAVE LEARNED ABOUT THE HONEYBEE – THEY LOVE TO STORE THE FOOD BEST OF ALL.
Frontiers release the new Giant album on February 19th. This will be the first album with new vocalist Terry Brock (The Sign/Strangeways).
"It's still winter outside," the tree thought. "The earth is too hard and covered with snow for them to plant me now. I must have been put here for shelter until springtime comes. How thoughtful of them! How good people are! Only, I wish it weren't so dark here, and so very, very lonely. There's not even a little hare. It was so friendly out in the woods when the snow was on the ground and the hare came hopping along. Yes, he was friendly even when he jumped right over me, though I did not think so then. Here it's all so terribly lonely."
He’s prone to violent outbursts, just like Tsukasa – however, he doesn’t pick fights with strangers like Tsukasa does and instead has a grudge solely against one person, his rival Yuki. The curse of the Zodiac has made Kyo uncomfortable in social situations, and since he feels unaccepted by his own family, he doesn’t get close to others. Unlike most love interests who are popular, Kyo is often teased (especially by Tohru’s friends). His tendency to yell and lash out at people comes from his shyness and inability to express himself. This is also true when it comes to Tohru, who he worries about in his in own way (which often involves yelling at her whenever she’s careless). Although he’s hot-blooded, Kyo shares similarities with colder tsunderes – for example, he rarely smiles. And like other fiesty tsunderes, he’s often awkward and at a loss for words during tender moments, which brings out his dere-dere side.
no matter how much
Ms. Parker tells her story of being brought up in the strife of the civil rights movement. She relates how she was raised by hard working upstanding citizens but believed the lies that she was told. She believed she was owed something. She believed she could not succeed because she had been told she would not be allowed to succeed. She believed the blathering and blithering of uninformed politicians and social reformers who told her that she did not need to work, Uncle Sam would provide. She believed the lies and lived their life on Uncle Sam’s Plantation.
I am overwhelmed
There's a winning ethical dimension that Rinzler, all of 28 years old, extends, true to the slangy, conversational, but firmly (if oddly skewed at times) moral mission of Trungpa, and the other teachers he has studied and whom he presents here. Although Rinzler's reading list's surprisingly terse, the book's value lies in putting its advice to work, not in mulling it over for a seminar or keeping it for one's own retreat. This isn't for intellectuals or monks, but for us stuck in the 9-to-5 or 24/7 wired world.
As the LA Times reported last year, homeowners are trending toward more practical remodeling jobs away from the heyday of the building boom. In combination with several incentive programs from the government, remodeling has taken a turn toward the practical side.
Gordon Banks XI (managed by Dennis Smith) vs All Stars XI
9) Things that suck: the school district here isn't doing an early registration for kindergarten this year. *Screams* Registration isn't until the very end of July. Seriously? Seriously, seriously? School starts August 6th! Not only that, but he has to have a "certified" state of Tennessee shot record. What the? He was born in Arkansas so his shot record is from, oh yeah, ARKANSAS. I'm already just frustrated. Partly because it feels like there's so much that goes into enrolling a kid in school (check ups and certified this and that and two forms of ID and blah, blah, kissmyassDr.KrinerKash). And partly because registration is the same week I was planning on visiting my friend Dahlia in Connecticut. Thank you, MCS, for taking a dump on my summer.
Then Isabel moved on to race car driving. These games are great at her age. They’re constantly in demo mode and she has no idea she’s not actually playing. Plus it causes her to sit still for a least a second or two. Look at the focus!
Add the melted butter, water, lemon juice, and vanilla extract. With a fork or whisk, mix all the ingredients together until well blended.
I made this card for the Week 4 Viva la Verve Sketch. The stamped sentiment is from Verve's Starlight Starbright Remixed, both stars are up on separate layers of foam tape, and papers On the Bright Side-One by My Mind's Eye.
I used my copics to do my backgrounds with my airbrush attachment for both of them and then used my markers and multiliners to do the drawing/doodling. The white was done using the opaque white and then I finished them both with a little spica glitter pens.
Commenting at the Green Arrow blog on an earlier post of mine which focused on the recent protests against the employment of foreign workers, a very aptly named blogger calling himself “Not my Granddad's Labour party” wrote:
thanks for all your participation through these last months and years.
I really feel a hopelessness. Can I admit that?
Cards send a signal to our brain that it’s a game and not another bulk of information that we have to learn. People like to play and thus the information is more effectively consolidated.
We're away on hols this Friday and while we're away it's our thirty second wedding anniversary so I made this card for Jim, not to sure to be honest but I've been so busy this last few weeks it will have to do lol,
Never surrender.
Black Milk is still a small company, their production and collections don’t come out as quickly as F21 can churn out knockoffs from their sweat factories (whoops! Did I say that?). This means a lot of their products are sold out by the time you save up enough money to purchase. But if you’re really interested in something, you can keep checking back to see if they re-stocked or even came up w/more interesting patterns. I’m still hoping for a Power Rangers body suit – but I guess a cotton tank dress will suffice.
Study now vs Study later?
Bum.
Low Sold: NA
Anheuser-Busch, Inc. Bud Light
The fact that it strongly recommends palliative care does not negate that characterization.
It's Detroit's own Goober and the Peas who play the Continental Club on Thursday, March 18 at 11PM.
Best Score
Now I have to tell my Luke story. When we were in Chicago two weeks ago, I had the great idea of making a hand print stepping stone for Shelby from Luke. That was the SOLE purpose of our trip to Target (remember this story?) Well, we went to Target, had lunch, came home and as we were sitting there after putting Luke to bed, I remembered that we FORGOT to get the kit! I was SO bummed. Grampa offered to drive back to get the kit but the timing just wasn't good. So, Shelb... my intentions were good and I'm SO sorry I forgot - another gramma senior moment.
We have become a welfare nation, begging for our monthly welfare check from any country willing to pawn American assets. There is no greater threat to America than this! Foreign cartels are tripping over themselves to buy our assets on the low end! They are stealing our country away from our flesh and blood as we all lay dormant.
In reading my numerous favorite design blogs last night, I started thinking about what's "in" right now as far as interior dec goes. And then I started thinking about which ones I've jumped on, which ones are sure to fade out soon (before I go spending those big bucks on a trendy piece of furniture, I like to consider whether it'll still be "in" when the piece is delivered to my door), and what I think about trends overall. (I know I talk about Pottery Barn all the time (I'm a robot), but, I really do think PB Designers really get it. They know what the market wants, and they do a really good job at dishing it out in tasteful quantities so that you could actually use their products even after the trend dies out. ) The Inspired Room said, "I think that is what gets annoying to trend-avoiders more than the pattern itself, is just the sense that you don’t always have to really be creative or innovative to get noticed, you just have to use what is “in.” That “overdone” factor can make creative people not want to use it at all." I totally agree with her. But, there's a few trends that have definitely stood out to me. The biggest trends I've noticed since we moved into our house are chevron, stripes, and mercury glass. It's in, in, in.
Sambar powder - 2 teaspoons
RAPID FIRE is something of a departure for me and my producing partner, Tim Cremin. We conceived the series over dinner one night with Larry Potterfield in Columbia, MO, then carried it through to the green light phase. We tapped Iain and Mike to host; a lot of the creative direction of the show initially came from Mike, and was then refined by Iain and Mike. John Carter of Hatch Entertainment, who produces SHOOTING GALERY and produced the late, deeply lamented COWBOYS, came on-board as Producer and did the heavy lifting on actually structuring the show and putting together the production plan, with SG/COWBOYS/GUN STORIES vet Gene Moffett as Director of Photography.
I will be in bed early with the duvet over my head.
From Heather we learned the French reputation as excellent lovers was not always deserved (she tactfully declined to reveal how she knew this), from Alex we gleaned that France is still the world capital of inventive, innovative cuisine, from Charles we learned how his French colleagues gather at his office door at 5pm every day in anticipation of him "taking tea" (as all good Englishmen should), from Stephen we heard how proud his mother was that the French word for "pooh" had become his trademark and from Michael we were treated to the spectacle of an old-school raconteur in full flight.
Many residents of Ridgewood and surrounding areas want to see the site of the former water basins kept as they are and allowed to return undisturbed to their natural state.
Now that it is October, I thought it was well past the time to answer a question. But I think I will skip the October question about birth order and answer this one.
He – it – looks … sad.
We all know how difficult it can be to work on our own projects in our spare time and how easy it is to let our projects fall to the bottom of our priorities and then usually into oblivion. I found this article that suggests a simple technique from Jerry Seinfeld to help provide motivation for working on your project every day. At first it seemed too simple to work, but the more I thought about it the more I realized it sounded pretty effective. Basically his technique is to get a giant year calendar and - for every day you work on your project - you get to put an "X" over that day. That's it! The secret is that, as soon as you have a few days under your belt you'll have a nice string of X's. The longer the chain gets, the more you'll want it to grow, and the more reluctant you'll be to "break the chain". If you focus on keeping the chain going, you'll force yourself to work on your project a little each day, and that, over time, can turn into quite a lot of progress.
And one more MME card - this time also using a hexagon template and some Biscuit liquid pearls
I know that there are a lot of cut-throat competitive tactics used by some of the less honourable members of the brewing community, but taking a job from a homeless youth to thwart us is beyond reprehensible.
I have been broken hearted before and have healed my heart through the Word of God, creative arts and current research. My goal in life is to help humankind heal their hearts as well. I am a Relationship Artist who uses music, writings, and art to heal broken hearts.
A peace of Heaven with Hell.
My son was also invited next door to join their family's Easter egg hunt. After I hung up the phone, I disappeared for a moment to gain my composure. My son hates to see me emotional. :)
Was doing really really well on the exercise until I got sick, and now am slowly getting back on the horse (or the crosstrainer, if you will). I feel stronger, am smaller (according to my clothes and my husband and my measurements,) but still weigh the goddamn same.
The blog world has captivated me and I want to be part of it.
This is a steam-punk vision of Victorian London, full of exotics and absinthe, monocles and corsets, and overlaid with just a Patina of grime. It’s rather light on the real bone grinding filth and poverty that made up much of life in Victorian London but that’s fine and in keeping with the tone of the piece. Oddly, despite the horrifying nature of the crime at the centre on this novel, it’s a relatively jovial read and we feel instinctively that good will prevails. If you want darker meat, can I suggest Michael Cox’s The Meaning of Night or the even more salty The Fiend in Human by John MacLachlan Gray
A 2009 Psychiatric Times article titled “ADHD & ODD: Confronting the Challenges of Disruptive Behavior” reports that “disruptive disorders,” which include attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and opposition defiant disorder (ODD), are the most common mental health problem of children and teenagers. ADHD is defined by poor attention and distractibility, poor self-control and impulsivity, and hyperactivity. ODD is defined as a “a pattern of negativistic, hostile, and defiant behavior without the more serious violations of the basic rights of others that are seen in conduct disorder”; and ODD symptoms include “often actively defies or refuses to comply with adult requests or rules” and “often argues with adults.”
Remember my quest for new glasses?? After some internet wandering tangent, I discovered Warby Parker and immediately ditched my initial plan to map some budget out for new glasses. My eyesight has been deteriorating and it's getting harder to see into the distance without giving the general public dirty looks as I squint to recognize menu options at the deli or people waving hello on the street.
She swallowed
“Oh come on! Don’t tell me you didn’t enjoy the World’s Fair! It’s not like we were stuck in the middle of nowhere. Philadelphia is a beautiful city. I saw you with that man, what was his name?”
For a little more history to get the grasp of the problems taking place to this severe tornado outbreak over Dallas Texas yesterday lets look at what Wikipedia says;
Dated in the one hundred and eighty-eighth year.
And without them?
They want to see frustration in his eyes and pain - if you hurt him
(He thought that he was probably helping out both sides of this relationship with this advice.)
The products offered from Famous Dave's in self tanning lotions come in a variety of options of colors from dark, medium and light. You can also purchase them in different sizes. You also have the chance to enjoy a product that offers a fragrance-free and natural look to your skin. Each freshly made batch can last up to one year.
Curious, Sharia slipped between the columns to inspect the central nave. She found another rock crystal table, with a corpse laid atop. Once richly dressed and draped, time had reduced it to little more than a pile of dust so that it was only by recognizing the silhouette of a body that Sharia knew it what it was: two thin sticks for legs with knobby lumps where the knees once were; skeletal fingers clasped upon its breast; and a grinning skull rising from the dust of ages, eye sockets full of sand.
Stephen Patrick Cherry, 41, Stamford, Conn.
What can I say? These caramels are a revelation. They melt in your mouth with buttery sweetness that's unlike anything I've ever tasted. The bag I bought had several different flavors, including chocolate and pomme tatin, but the original was the hands down winner. And that little shop is apparently the only place in Paris where they're sold. I'll be back.
She, unlike her fellow passengers, did not remain silent. She took her seat next to the first passenger and looked at her with bemusement.
The first chick arrived early on Saturday morning, followed by the second shortly afterwards and a third yesterday lunchtime – there is still a fourth egg remaining.
thelittleloaf: This doesn't take long if you have a rice cooker and a blender. Modern day technology helps. :D
I want to see how the British will react to this attack they receive on their social benefits.
or not to get Project Life...
A mere mortal
Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi: A few weeks ago, I spoke in a sermon about the need for a unified Sudan. Someone asked me, on the “Shari’a and Life” program, whether a Muslim is permitted to vote against (sic) the secession of South Sudan, and I said “no,” because this secession is a crime.
Corruption Perception Index:
I have to admit that I’m not always the best about asking for my kids’ input on their rooms—especially when I have my own “vision.” Trish and her son Billy, however, worked together to redo his space and had a lot of fun in the process.
This release has originally recorded from an FM Broadcast on 97.3 KRQR in San Francisco. This comes from the cassette masters that a friend of mine recorded sometime in 1990. The tapes have gone through hell and back including dampness and moisture build up from being in storage for so long.
In any event, it's a excellent end for two really evil men. And I use that term loosely.
Then there’s what happens when you put old lady perfume in a heated environment. Now I’ve made you all nauseous just thinking about it.
“This Fatwa Contains More Political Absurdity Than It Does Religious Guidance”
Howard informed me that the flower bath serves to “close up” the spiritual space around the participants to keep us from being too open and vulnerable to negative magic. Thus, it is the crucial conclusion of the previous night’s ceremony.
* The seizure of all the possessions of the religious congregations and the abolition of all the bishoprics, which constitute an enormous liability on the Nation and on the privileges of the poor.
For every order placed during the month of May you will receive a free baby swim shirt that you can give to your own little one, a niece, nephew or friend's little one or to a charitable organization!
Spicy Banana Bread
Sid xx
Here is a photo history of our time together over the past 9 years.. look how much we've changed!! LOVE IT!!!
Cape Town - The ANC is considering a total onslaught against the printed media, which it wants to rein in with legislation and investigations.
The stars continue to fall
I had done a turquoise wash on them, and added a ripped corner border with purple paper. I have added some texture with glue, using my emotions of anger, sadness and grief to dictate what I did on each board.
I assembled the card as you see.
Yes...Sparkle is her real name. She has been crafting since she was a child, but seriously started crafting when she was 16. Sparkle started as a scrapbooker, though over the years she has turned into a cardmaker. Brent (Sparkle's husband) and Sparkle opened SparkleCreations Rubber Stamps in July 2010, and they are selling cute and whimsical rubber stamps of little boy and girl images. Aki, their wonderful artist, has done a great job at making their characters come alive and have their own personalities.
Kiss Meets The Phantom Of The Park: Power from Maximum Horror revisits this camp classic, and makes it sound so deliciously dreadful that even this decidedly non-KISS fan wants to check it out.
Do not fret nesters - although I don't love that word as it very much implies you are only thinking about babies so perhaps "homers" is more appropriate - I shall be revealing my secret wallpaper lusts slowly over the next few months.
Ranger Creek Jerky Mesquite Smoker Porter - made with real jerky!
MAC lipgloss Prrr (in the centre of the lips)
At the moment I am struggling to get Goofy to talk to other people. She hides behind me and looks away when people talk to her. We are working on one word answers to 'strangers' questions like, how are you?(and strangers includes anyone other than me, U2 and MiniMe)
2- The Iron King by Julie Kagawa. I love the Iron Fey series, and the nevernever! I’d love to see someone else’s vision of the nevernever. And Ash and Meghan? One of my favorite romances ever.
Pink-y Princess
A man walking along a California beach was deep in prayer. All of a sudden he said out loud: "Lord grant me one wish."
It is hard to cover all 16 of these gloriously remastered works in one blog post, and this has probably gone on long enough. So one last note: for those seeking key bonus tracks, none of the albums have been marred in flow with tacked on studio outtakes or live versions, except on supplemental discs on two albums selected as “experience” versions. Particularly outstanding is the complete live version of Dark Side of the Moon at Wembley Arena in 1974 in the “experience” version of that same album.
As Shannon makes her way down the street, she eventually comes across some commercial buildings at what appears to be a busy intersection. As she approaches the intersection, she notices that one of the buildings has a payphone on it. At this, she wonders how many payphones are still in existence around L.A. nowadays due to the high volume of cell phones in use. But regardless of how many cell phones come into use, there will, or at least there should, be a need for public payphones because of situations like this; an emergency situation where a person doesn’t have a cell phone handy and other types of phones aren’t available.
I am absolutely loving this process
Cheers to getting over an imperfect childhood!
It will be fun to see what this room looks like a year from now. I hope something is on the walls!
They really rock.
1 1/2 cup sesame oil
These interconnected parks offer a wide variety of jogging routes or, if you're up for it, you can take a plunge in the Serpentine Lake. Enter the park from High Street Kensington. You’ll see Kensington Palace straight ahead. Saunter by the former home of Princess Diana and past the black railings where mountains of flowers were heaped when she died in 1997. Run by the man-made Round Pound, taking in the ornate Albert Memorial through the trees to your right, and go down to the Serpentine Lake. So-named for its snake-like shape, the lake is actually a river that was dammed by order of Queen Caroline as part of the redevelopment of Hyde Park. As you jog by the long arm of the lake, take in the oval shaped Diana Memorial to your right, then cool off by braving the water at the roped-off swimming area at the Lido.
How is it possible? Jay told Pelley he doesn't know where the music comes from, but it comes fully written -- playing like an orchestra in his head. "It's as if the unconscious mind is giving orders at the speed of light," says Jay. "You know, I mean, so I just hear it as if it were a smooth
1 learned
At our house, we had been smelling something unpleasant — probably a dead rodent — for about a week but couldn’t pinpoint the source. When we got our new puppy home, his little legs were so short I had to lift him from the step into the front door. But once inside, he got right down to business with his nose . . . and he led us straight to the dead mouse under the Big Guy’s easy chair.
I was very surprised by this movie—to be sure, it’s got some campily fun moments (such as when Aramis, trying to encourage Porthos to see the beauty in life, roars at him to enjoy the cooing of the pigeons), but I really liked it. The scene where the switch takes place is wonderfully done and full of emotion—Louis’s fright as the Musketeers taunt him with the mask of his brother underneath the golden masks of the ball and the forcibly quiet reunion between Philippe and Queen Anne are particular highlights. The costumes are gorgeous, the sets are lush, the fights are thrilling, and the soundtrack does its job well (although I will admit to wondering if Philippe was raised in the Shire when it wandered into previously unexplored territory). I always feel like I have to apologize when I like movies critics didn’t, but you know what? I’m not apologizing for digging this at all.
Vegetable stir fry with brown rice
- My wife says: Eurggh and Oh (when Limehouse opened up the piggy bank.
Do share your views and comments, please. Looking forward.
whose height is without limit,
My only regret of the day was that I couldn't stay for the evening and listen to Damh the Bard play. But I had a long drive back down to Reading, without my usual chauffeur of course, and was very tired. And the pink champers of the previous night was somewhat taking its toll. So I packed everything up, assisted by my pixies, and set off into the darkening evening.
You might be interested to know that our missionaries have preparation day on Mondays. On that day they have time to write home and will email you. Please keep in mind that we are nine hours ahead of Utah time.
2005: Silver Bullet Moon – dkb/br mare by Vindication. Unraced.
The Stand was good though, my eyes were tired when I was done with the 1152 pages but it was worth it.
And my personal favorites?
Shit, time's up and I seem to have turned some of the text into a link, but to where? Excuse the typos...
It was the stuff the nightmares are made of.
Reckless
Notice how each "M" has a different girl? In words or names that have the same letter more than once, you might not want to have the same girl twice...so, just cut out the letter you want and paste it onto a different girl!! Thanks for stopping by...have a fun stamping weekend!!!
Honorabel Mention: Taylor Robenalt's TO Be Buried in Your White Coat" - ceramic
Brodsky, who chairs the committee that oversees public authorities, said Silver addressed the issue on his own, since he doesn't sit on the PACB--which oversees financing for certain state projects--as a legislator.
1. Corrina Williams – Friday Night Lights
However, there are some real reasons to be disappointed with the White House over this invitation. The truth is that the first black First Family has — or perhaps I should say “had” — an unprecedented opportunity and platform to push black America forward and away from the dumbed-down and omnipresent influence of hip hop music and culture. Michelle Obama could have used the occasion of her highly publicized poetry slam to highlight and promote the work of literary artists who are not part of the hip hop echo chamber. In fact, that is what she did do, but these other artists have been forgotten in the controversy surrounding Common. Why was it necessary to invite him in the first place?
* Analyze data from a range of sources using appropriate statistical techniques, using SAS and other statistical packages
and the masonry of the buildings,
So I am going to make an unusual recommendation: Don’t use the method shown here, or ANY method you find that relies solely on Asterisk to connect to Google Voice. If you have an Obi100 or OBi110 adapter, consider using it as a gateway between Asterisk and Google Voice. If you don’t have an Obihai adapter, or need to bridge multiple Google Voice accounts, then take a look at the article Using FreeSWITCH to add Google Voice to Asterisk, or check the comment section of this article for some additional suggestions. At the end of January, 2012 I used the technique in the aforementioned link to use FreeSWITCH as a gateway between Google Voice and Asterisk, and I must say that it works a LOT better than Asterisk’s Google Voice support. I also added some comments to that article (probably too many!) that among other things show how I got it working for multiple Google Voice accounts. So if you don’t have an Obihai, I would now recommend using that method, unless you are very short on memory and/or storage space — it just works, and calls connect faster. If you do go that route, read the article AND the comments under it first, so you’ll know what to expect, and do be aware that it takes a relatively LONG time to compile and install FreeSWITCH (compared to Asterisk). At points during the installation it may look like it’s stuck in an endless loop, but it really isn’t. Just go away and take a walk outside or something, and come back in a while and it should be done.
Asian-Italian Beef Hotpot… Who Would’ve Thunk It?
Thinking of the five in question it seems to me to be a rather odd collection. In terms of battlefield performance I have no objection to Washington if the focus was specifically on great commanders, but he was hardly a great enemy in the way that Napoleon was a great enemy, and by that I mean a threat to our national existence.
This little painting is in response to the Daily Paintworks Challenge, part one: Using Ultramarine Blue, Burnt Umber and White, paint Abraham Lincoln in a neutral gray. I don't remember ever painting this way before, although I've read about it. Great exercise. Click here to see the many paintings submitted to this challenge: Daily Paintworks Lincoln Challenge.
Romans 8:31-32, 35, 38-39: “If God is for us, who can be against us? He who did not spare his own Son but gave him up for us all, how will he not also with him graciously give us all things? . . . Who shall separate us from the love of Christ? Shall tribulation, or distress, or persecution, or famine, or nakedness, or danger, or sword? . . . For I am sure that neither death nor life, nor angels nor rulers, nor things present nor things to come, nor powers, nor height nor depth, nor anything else in all creation, will be able to separate us from the love of God in Christ Jesus our Lord.”
As I started to go through the line, all too prepared to pass up flour tortillas and pineapple shrimp, the waitress heading up our party stopped me and asked, “Are you a vegetarian or vegan?” “Yup. Vegan. Don’t worry, I’m good with just guac.” “Oh, don’t be silly. I’ll have the kitchen make you something completely free of animal products. No dairy, eggs, chicken or pork stock, plus no meat in general?” “Right. Yea. No cheese or butter or anything.” “Right, I said no dairy.”
The only thing we need to get rid of is hateful people like you, Taxpayer-2010. No, wait, we'll keep you around so we can be reminded just how stupid, arrogant, bigoted and hateful people can be, you arsewipe.
Bake for 10 minutes or until the edges of the kale start to brown.
Aahhhh my memory has been jogged!
The Sabre Kitty right next to me in that photo is sporting a shirt that says, "Kissed by Kist," another character from the book. I swear she convinced all of Oakland we were gay lovers, by hanging on to me, giving evil glares, and enticing me to join her in Ipod Karaoke (which was actually really fun because it's totally what I want to do when listening to my mp3 but fear doing because I'm convinced I'll be stoned for it) because of all the attention I received for wearing my minidress. I mean, have the people of Oakland never seen a minidress before? On the BART this one guy just seemed mesmerized by me as I stood (coming into his view for the first time) and exited the train. If I notice it and can't argue it as something else, you're really bad at subtlty.
I don't think I've ever really, truly thought about what Schoolhouse Rock gave me as a child. Just like OG, it's really how I learned my multiplication tables, and of course was helpful in my early understanding of American History. (To this day, if I have to make a point about the Revolutionary War, I remember that the King of England was George the Third because of "No More Kings." And, of course, my flawless rendition of the Preamble to the Constitution came in handy in the seventh grade when Mr. McIlwayne made us write Preambles when we got in trouble.)
The migrants being held in Indonesia were destined for Australia. The boat intercepted off the coast of B.C. is likely part of the same smuggling ring. The boat didn't get lost. The men aboard the ship admitted in interviews that their destination was Canada. So all in all, what we are looking at are Sri Lankan Tamils seeking to enter Canada illegally to make an asylum claim.
I noticed as I was putting up the bed that one of the boards on the bottom was loose. I did foresee a problem with this, but decided to forge ahead and not worry about it.
‘The Mother’ drove me to the hospital at 3.30am in the morning as the pain was getting worse, and I won’t bore you with the details of child birth but you were born about 13 hours later. The first time we had skin to skin contact was probably the highlight of my life! I can’t describe that feeling for you, it’s just overwhelming and till today, I can still feel that first contact we had – it was by far the greatest feeling of my life! Your touch, your sense and even your smell – I knew you were going to be the love of my life.
I am proud to be a transgender rollergirl, and I am optimistic as I look forward to the implementation of WFTDA’s gender policy in January 2012. I firmly believe that WFTDA is better off with the current gender policy than without one, and I sincerely hope the visibility the Philly Rollergirls’ protest brought to potential problems with the gender policy will lead to revisions in the policy to make it more inclusive
The Iron King starts off with us being introduced to Megan's super-drab life down in a small town in Louisiana. She's largely invisible to everyone--to her stepfather Luke, at school, and has only one friend, Robbie, who pulls endless pranks on her. But it turns out Robbie's actually Robin Goodfellow, AKA Puck, the same one from, yep, A Midsummer's Night Dream. And when Meghan's little brother's replaced by a faery changeling, Meghan has no choice but to turn to him to guide her into the faery world so she can retrieve her bro. And that's not even it, Meghan's birth daddy happens to be the friggin' KING of the faery world, which makes Meghan a faery-human hybrid. As far as birthday surprises go, this one probably gets the award for Most-Shockingly-Effed-Up-Life-Revelation-Bearing.
The questions seem to be part of my excuses. I manage to feel derprived because I wasn't born skinny, don't have better genetics, don't love to workout and think way too much about my next meal. Even if it's just a sandwich, I'm looking ahead. Don't like to miss a meal my friends, not one bite.
Folks, after the massive fallout over my October column in the Linn County Leader, I have come to realize, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that we are indeed experiencing a time of spiritual warfare; where the very souls of mankind are being fought over between good and evil. It is an entrenched fight; a battle where no one knows who will turn on them…a fight where even so-called “Christians” turn their backs on their fellow brother or sister.
They might surprise you.
Hmmmm somehow I don't think I'm a budding Picasso......
“Are you mocking me?” I glared at him.
August 27 - Eve Brent, actress ("Tarzan and the Trappers"), 82
This week has been hard and overwhelming; full of more firsts. This being the first Mother's Day without my sweet boy in my arms. This morning I spent time praying, crying out and just being quiet. I was not going to let the grief take over, but I thought I would stay in the house and in bed for the day but a dear friend encouraged that we come for lunch. I am so glad she did. It was a great afternoon basking in God's goodness and His creation. As we were riding four wheelers on their beautiful property, I whispered to my husband that our precious boy was seeing so much more beauty than what our eyes can even imagine! That does my heart good to remember. When I am sad and missing him, I constantly ask God to give me strength, to show love and mercy, and let me remember His goodness, to hold on to the Hope we have as an anchor for our souls. Firm.and.Secure.
express their admiration and respect for women and their contribution to
Las Vegas year around is full of entertainment that you can’t get enough of. On Saturday May 5, the entertainment goes up a notch because one it’s Cinco de Mayo, and Floyd Mayweather Jr. is in town. He has another big paper view fight coming his way. “Money Mayweather” which is what the undefeated boxer prefers to be referred to as, will be facing Miguel Cotto for the Junior Middleweight title.
Defence Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi said the company hired an agent to take the 50-million-ringgit engine out of the country from a military airbase, the Star newspaper and national news agency Bernama reported.
Whatever happens with this new trial – if it ever happens (Geron has been promising this trial for years now) – will not change the fact that human embryonic stem cell research is unethical, period. I’d sure love to be able to walk again, but I would never accept the harvesting of another human life, no matter how small, for my own comfort.
No matter what it is you think I am, you can know that I am real.
The only variable that might be worth examining is the purpose of the settlement, not the settlement itself. Following the war of 1967, the Allon plan sought to annex more than 30 percent of the West Bank and all of Gaza for security purposes. It stipulated the establishment of a “security corridor” along the Jordan River, as well outside the “Green Line”, a one-sided Israeli demarcation of its borders with the West Bank. Then, there was no Likud party to demonize, for that was the Labor party’s vision for the newly occupied territories.
i forgive myself for accepting and allowing myself to define this as ‘not that bad of a thing’
power conversion means for converting said electrical power of said first and second inputs for output, said power conversion means including a mechanical power transmission unit, said power transmission unit having two inputs for respectively receiving mechanical power corresponding to said first and second power inputs provided to said first and second power input means and an output for outputting the converted power as rotational mechanical power,
“And since I don’t, then I shan’t.”
“Police say they cannot do anything..cannot call her…say if call her =helping to chat back debt which is illegal…simi lan sia lol”
marvellous; “And The Lord spake unto the
Around our house these days there’s a lot of talk about places we’d like to visit. Right now, we’re just armchair traveling but we’re getting ideas. Last night Croatia soared to number one on my hubby’s must see list. Next week it will be somewhere else. We’re having a great time travel dreaming. The list grows and it’s my job to figure out how to make it happen. I LOVE this part. It’s where my creative spirit soars and my laptop and Google are getting a workout. I thank Al Gore every day for inventing the internet.
some pretty inspiration
Newly promoted Detective Inspector Theophilus Blackwell is assigned the case of Lorna McCauley, which on the outside seems to be a simple case of mid-life crisis and child abandonment. Elsewhere in London, MI5 analyst, Sophia Evans, is working undercover to catch an animal rights group responsible for targeted bombings. As Sophia's case (and her personal life) fall to pieces, she receives a strange envelope in the mail. It contains a picture of Lorna McCauley's lifeless face along with a daunting code.
She told me that she thinks there is so much crime today because children aren’t been trained the right way parents. She said, "This generation of parents is trying to be their child's friend and that they should be their parents first." She told me about how some of the streets used to be 2 ways, like Nostrand Avenue. We talked about how the police system has improved a lot from when she first moved here. She now knows most of the police officers by name!
The Independent, 19 April 1996
Let’s take a look at the top points per game productions from forwards with 100 or more games played since the lockout. You’ll notice that besides Jeff Carter (again, he’s an outlier and only extreme bad character matters), the only Blue Jacket in the top 100 is Rick Nash at 35. The next time a current Columbus player shows up? RJ Umberger at 147. The Blue Jackets just don’t have any offensive skill to speak of besides Rick Nash.
A package was waiting for me yesterday at the office that declared its contents in no uncertain terms: small, rectangular, wrapped in brown parcel paper and taped up with thick white tape that said "MARGARET HOWELL".
Now it's YOUR turn! Do you have any books, authors, or blogs that you would like to give a Shout Out to? If you make your own post, please link back to this post, and leave your link in the comments section this weekend so I can check it out, and so that other readers can stop by too!!
3. Add the lemon juice, mixing well, and season with salt and freshly ground pepper.
A day after talks collapsed in acrimony, Obama held an emergency meeting with congressional leaders at the White House and told them to find areas of agreement.
I have fixed myself another writing-routine in order to ensure enough I actually do some writing whilst holding a demanding day job albeit one that is very related to writing. Now I do my two hours writing first. And I’m alternating working on my novel and some academic writing. I have a list of academic projects and that does actually include some competition entries etc. It’s a good variety.
from trauma to the head from a blunt instrument.
At Ecological Gardens we design ecological systems that mimic nature, this is called permaculture design. Permaculture is based on a set of design principles and ethics. One of my favorite permaculture principles is “the problem is the solution”. A simple design example of this would be the concrete jungle & buildings in inner cities are a hindrance to growing fresh food – growing food on the roof and walls of these buildings is a solution.
“We’re very good friends,” says Veda by way of explaining why Monty’s discussing his and her mother’s sex life with her. “And I hope I have a mature viewpoint on such things.” And where did you get that viewpoint, young lady? I didn’t know much about the workings of sex at that age, beyond the bare basics, and I’m pretty sure I had access to a lot more information than was available in the early 1930s.
If your brother's accused of a terrible crime but says he didn't do it, you defend him.
So sit back and relax ’cause this week Santa brought you My Top 10 X-Mas Movies EVER!
What type of OB doctor is allowing this to continue?
I walked about the kintyre hills,
Shall our blood fail? Or shall it come to be
Using green yarn, Ch 8, and starting at second bump (the “bumps” are on the opposite side of, or behind, the braidlike ch where you usually crochet) from hook,
So let's sum this up: The Sing-Off is just like Glee, only without:
Years later, as an adult, Louis submitted his portfolio multiple times to the Muppet headquarters in Manhattan. After eight months of delivering his work, he was hired by Jim Mahon, a man who would become his Muppets mentor. From there, Louis quickly became a top licensing artist, creating art for many Sesame products. It has now been twenty years since Louis was brought on board the Sesame crew.
Neutral Milk Hotel--The King of Carrot Flowers, Pt. 1
I love my guys, they're a perfect little group, and how could they not bring a smile to my face.
It’s never nice to hear of players being released from the club, especially when they are still so young. That being said, there is no guarantee that this is the end of the road for Pinney. He need only look at Lewis Grabban, a player deemed to surplus to requirements a few years ago, who is now plying his trade at Rotherham United as an example of what can be achieved if he keeps working at his game.
What I’ve learned in the last month or so, however, is that without my writing, without some creative output (architectural and interior design decisions notwithstanding), I take major strain. I’ve been loathe, for a very long time, to say “I write because I have to”. It just sounds so clichéd. But I regret to say, it appears that I do “have" to write. I find if I go without writing for too long I go into a withdrawal space, life seems to lose its colour and the ideas, which just won’t go away, become so out of control that I can’t think straight.
The shoes go along with this - they're very pretty, and higher than I would wear to work, but I have chosen not to wear spikes. They're a single colour, with the heels thicker and lower than the name-brand tango shoes, and incidentally they're about half the price and they go with more of my outfits. Now it's mainly that I've tried tango spikes and I just don't really get on with them, but if these send a message that I'd prefer to underpromise and overdeliver rather than the contrary, that's fine with me.
I was also amazed by the amount of funding that went into the various gateways, the RDN, Intute and associated projects. For a while, the amount in £s was seven figures per annum. I certainly didn’t complain about this at the time, because I believed that there were ways that this funding could be put to very good uses.
Your cosmopolitan sympathies,
Source: 9GAG
Can’t swim, can’t get water in ears, scared of the water.
Today in my inbox was an email with his name on it…with the subject line, “Remember Me?”. In the body of the email (among other things)…he said he didn’t know why this was happening after 3 years, but he recently hadn’t been able to stop thinking about me and that he was beating himself up over the way he’d handled everything with me.
8. Retarded Dulli
The only problem with the book is that for such a joyous subject, he writes it in a very dry, semi-academic fashion. Perhaps that's partly why it's now out of print. Since reading it I've wanted to do a similar book, going to the most extreme drinking festivals on the planet, following the same principle but getting stuck in as I do so rather than observing from outside. The publishers won't buy it though: it feels too much like a direct sequel to Three Sheets, and that's the poorest selling of my three books (it sold well - just not as well as the other two) and it feels like it would serve the law of diminishing returns.
4) Now your skirt is ready for your waistband to be added. I'm going to direct you to Cami's directions from here, because I wouldn't change a thing from here on out! I opted to add elastic to my waistband, but think her version is much nicer.
April 19– Saturday– Newmarket, Virginia– Lieutenant Robert Gould Shaw writes to his mother, telling of observations of Virginians. “The common people here are as ignorant as they can be. They don’t know what the war is about, and they say they have heard all sorts of reasons.” Shaw reassures his mother about his own physical and spiritual well being. “I hope you all are well, as I am. . . . What a blessing that we happened to be born in this century and country!”
Autograph session set up (adults)
If I’m free I’ll be your guinea pig. I’ll give feed back. Just take risks dammit!
Not ever.
"I don't think it's that difficult," I ventured. "They could randomly pay a year's worth of rent for some people. Or they could pay the Cobra payment of $400 per month for a year for a family or two so those people could use what is a lot of money to them for other necessary things. It wouldn't be hard to find those people. The billionaires only need to walk out the door."
A banner on Maliweb reads “Latest update: The red berets seem to control the city of Bamako – the ORTM, the airport (two planes just landed – uncertain if these are ECOWAS planes). Many deaths at the ORTM. There is no access to the Kati road. Engine sounds from heavy combat vehicles can be heard at the Kati garrison. The meeting in Ouaga scheduled for today has been canceled. A declaration is awaited on the TV.”
I would just like to say a big, huge “Thank You” to everyone that have been so supportive during the launch, hard times etc. since the inception of ACS/IT Services.
For Top Layer: Melt chocolate and unsalted butter over low heat. Cool. Once cool, pour over middle layer and chill.
Apparently even childless people can have wicked awesome parental instincts.
I’m still ambivalent, but I think some time in the next few days you’ll see yet another blog format change. Unless Blogger announces plans to make more gadgets compatible and gives a touch more control over layout in Dynamic Views, I’m going to start the arduous task of fixing a new format if I can find a background picture that isn’t sucky (much more difficult than you might think).
Brewery Ommegang Hennepin (Farmhouse Saison)
relationship, and Bush proclaims herself a free spirit who
Just last night I stumbled upon one of these moments of magic. It was after a long but wonderful weekend of touring across southern Tuscany with my mother and her good friend Patsy. We all had a great time, but after 10 towns and several hundred kilometers of driving I can speak for everyone in saying we were beat. I, myself in particular was not too excited about the prospect of having to walk back across the city from their hotel to my apartment with all my luggage while simultaneously trying to balance several bottles of wine (Nobile and Brunello. It’s a tough life…..). After only a few minutes I was already sweating rather uncomfortably and overall feeling pretty pathetic about my condition.
2. Chrome “shiner”: Restore the beauty of chrome fixtures in seconds with this easy trick. Just moisten a soft cloth with vodka, then rub down the fixture. Good as new. (This will also work on porcelain and glass!)
gaseous knives, suffocated with the vilest of
"The data suggests that consumers—especially those who have already adopted tablet or e-reader technologies—are forward-thinking in their expectations of these technologies and accompanying content. The problem lies with publisher expectations of what it will take to get there," Dr. Taylor noted. "Some believe a PDF copy of the print version of a publication is sufficient…consumers say it is not. Consumers expect content on all devices, all platforms, varying screen sizes, synced between devices, to be shared among friends socially, paid for in micro-payments and accessed via a mobile app. It seems that consumers will dictate the ongoing evolution of these technologies as publishers struggle to keep up with the desirability of new channels of content distribution, new expectations for content sharing, new demands for device interchangeability and new freedom to engage content – especially the written word. In an industry with 500 years of a single press-based business model, significant difficulties lie ahead."
When I first read Nietzsche’s article from ‘Thus spoke Zarathustra’, I was impressed. Though I didn’t understand single line from that article (Except one “Friedrich Nietzsche born on 15th October 1844”), there was something mysterious about his article. Last time I experienced such spark in ‘Batatyachi Chal’ by Pu. L. Deshpande. Certainly, scenario was different but feelings were same. Further, I started reading his book “Beyond Good and Evil”, still reading. This is difficult novel but worth reading. His distinguish thoughts are, no doubt, better food for our thoughts.
I need to live while I'm alive.
Eyes, too seem to have a focus - the gigantic Atraxi EYEball; the Doctor's POV scene where he observes everything (including close-up on his EYE); the dangers lurking at the corner of your EYE; the fact that looking a Weeping Angel in the EYE, means they take you over via your EYE; the perception filter of the Saturnyne Vampires meaning you can't believe your EYES; and, finally, once again EYES popping out of mouths.
Watching the most recent episode of Eureka, for instance, I was struck by an amazing scene: Three of the female leads, and the young daughter of one character, sitting around having a conversation about technology and the episode’s plot. Three of these actors are black (the other is Italian, but playing a Latina.) Aside from a couple of lines from a minor character (white and male, but also gay) the entire scene is just focused on these four. Can you name another currently airing show (aside from the ones above) that’s had a four-person scene that doesn’t have at least one straight, white guy involved? TV passes the Bechdel test a lot lately, which is awesome, but to pass it by 200%? Holy smokes.
Probably to stop the audience being confused between the two when it comes to racism.
Last night was also the first warm night with a clear sky since we bought the telescope so we managed to see Vega. That was exciting as Vega is the star that Ellie from the film Contact was sent to by the aliens.
Teething
I expect that we can handle anything that comes up because of the foundation I have worked so hard to build.
Here's the dilapidated boat dock (still needs a little detailing.) All those decaying boards and posts are actually stretched and distorted copies of just three components, which saves a lot of time. As always, the figure is just temporary to help with scale.
Recorded at the Van Gelder Studio, Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey on September 26, 1962.
He said, “take these outside, put them in the trunk of a close cab and wait in it, when I come out, I’ll find you, wait till I am at the cab and get out, get your car and follow me to the hotel, take my bags from my cab, wait one hour and drop them off at the front desk, say you are from the airport, give them apologies or something.”
One complication ensues: the satellite is accidentally launched, with people aboard… and yet more mixtures of hilarity and awed respect proceed to unfold.
I had it coming.
The bottom line is that terms such as “Father” and “Son,” that are descriptive of God and Jesus, are human terms used to help us understand the relationship between the different Persons of the Trinity. If you can understand the relationship between a human father and a human son, then you can understand, in part, the relationship between the First and Second Persons of the Trinity. The analogy breaks down if you try to take it too far and teach, as some Christian cults (such as the Jehovah’s Witnesses), that Jesus was literally “begotten” as in “produced” or “created” by God the Father.
Oh, well. I just hope my family doesn’t hate me forever for leaving. I hope they don’t think it’s to get away from them or anything like that. I know I’m worried about things when I dive deep into writing or reviewing my book. It’s a little escape for me and I completely control the situations and outcomes. And I’ve completely engulfed myself in my book for the past 55 minutes, so that sounds about right.
I hope this helps answer any questions. If not, feel free to email me. :)
traced circles, lines and curves
this useless piece of dirt
Attackers set a wooden house on fire on a farm near Carolina at the weekend, while a woman and her children were still inside. The armed attackers had tied the door with a piece of wire, trapping the victims inside.
Walking the dogs has never been quite the same since.
Gaze of raccoons, clutch of chickens,
rest from stash
Cut the pages, and glue them onto the blue - trying my best to center them and only mildly failing towards the end. Once dry, pop the whole deal into the frame.
We had asked both of the little ones to come to church with us this week. Last year when Nick preached, God used him to speak to our older son. He spoke in such a profound way it was all I could do not to sob. It was a confirmation to me that God was doing a work in our son Nathan and that He had indeed heard my prayers. The prayers of a mother for her child are especially sweet to our Lord for He understands a parent’s heart. So this year, we desired for our twins to hear from God. Our daughter declined the invitation. I think she was a little freaked out about seeing a man with no arms and legs. But Jonah’s curiosity was peaked. So, he came. As the service started he was engaged, looking around, checking it all out. He listened to the first twenty minutes or so but sleep overtook him. He dozed off.
The only way to true freedom is achieved through Jesus Christ. To require this, some sort of captivity must exist, by implication. The captive is often unaware that he (she) is being held captive, although he feels most of the time unhappy. When the captive realizes that he is being held captive, he is able to make a free choice to get out of captivity. Sometimes the captive is unaware that he is being held captive and can only come to realize in what position he was, after he has been set free. He will now be able to choose to stay in liberty or to return to his captive status. The latter usually brings about a worse state of bondage. To stay liberated, a deliberate choice to follow Jesus is needed. Captivity is caused by Satan and his demons. This does not justify the captive's choice to make himself available for captivity and therefore his actions in this captivity (bondage to the kingdom of darkness) remains liable if it is in conflict with the law.
Today there was water EVERYWHERE! The trail was wet, the rock faces along the trail were seeping and running with water, and the creeks along the trail were full and loud. It was absolutely beautiful. My previous trip on this trail was in the fall - October I think - and it was very dry, so it was a pleasant surprise to see so much water.
This puzzled me enough that I couldn’t react. I’m used to getting questions about my name — am I related to Robert Frost? Jack Frost? (No, …yes, dammit) — but this approach was unknown to me. It wasn’t a question, but clearly some manner of response was expected.
Wake up! Wake up! Wake up!
We hear, read and talk about forgiveness almost everyday. Yet, do we really know how it feels? I know we say we forgive others and we accept apologies from others and ourselves. But are we truly feeling it?
Not because I am something special.
We arrived in Florida late on undesirable flights due to a mix-up I had made with dates. Because of the mix-up and its late discovery, we stayed the first night in a hotel in Sarasota that resembled a Quentin Tarantino movie set less the contrived lighting.
“That thou mightest not meet thy death after the manner of Earl Hakon, thy father.”
This is 3 coats, not the best formula in the world but it sure glows. The flash shots are really amazing, and it's green! what more could a gal want?
Ryan the Zebra is an adorable fun-filled rideable activity center for your little one to enjoy. Ryan is a soft, huggable zebra: from his comfy seat to his interactive feet. With over 28 different activities to explore, your little one will delight in their discoveries of squeaks and rattles... just to name a few!
CSE is related to your thesis, one must keep a voice recorder that you do not know enough about computers to address these problems on a daily basis. This is where computer science you may want to be sorted and accessible on a previous work. Cell phones are a perfect guidance for this profession. The course trains you in the computer science online university. They may also work on programming both in-house and retail applications.
That service to both Hitchcock’s movies probably didn’t do Granger’s potential leading-man status any favors. A big male star may show violence, ambivalence, a lack of ethics, but those things are supposed to come roaring out from manly inner demons. Playing character flaws brought out by a stronger character’s manipulation isn’t a choice likely to vault someone to a spot above the title. In 2007 Granger told critic Stephen Whitty, “I wasn't going to listen to anyone saying you can't do this, you can't do that. I didn't care about that. I was just going to go my own way." Looking back at his two most famous movies from a distance of sixty years, there's no doubt that he meant it.
This is a new cappuccino / espresso bench. The seat is made of a leather like bicast material. The bicast material has a very similar feel to leather. It has dark espresso / cappuccino legs and a dark espresso / cappuccino seat.
"The Oregon Journal wrote up an article saying something to the effect of 'local government tries to keep bomber from final resting place.' This was right after World War II, so patriotism was running pretty high. So they ended up fining him $10 for doing what he shouldn't have done."
“The absence of error in the inspired sacred texts” is a very general and open-ended statement that allows Catholic biblical scholars to still believe that only the “salvation” parts were inspired Scripture and the rest was the result of redactors who were not eyewitnesses or even in the same generation as the actual events of Scripture! I rest my case.
Also please don't write a lengthy email, just 2-3 short paragraphs will suffice. And 3 good video links that represent your best work are better than 20 links. Make it easy for me to watch your clips or visit your web site. Embed your links in your email. Please don't say, "You can find me on Facebook where I have pictures and videos." If I have to go on your Facebook and dig around to find a clip or comb through a million pictures to figure out what your act looks like, you are not making it easy when I have 20 other inquiry emails to read through.
“Hey babe, you leave that up to me.”
The director said, “When you are ready, we will place the ashes. But we have to take down the tent to bring in the backhoe.”
Selecting the first keyframe of the layer that will contain ActionScript.
*ahem* Where was I? Oh yes. Behold, the reward for completing ten runs! My new SPI Belt!
And this … thing is called an Irish Sundae. It’s the ultimate in hangover food. This is a pile of potato salad topped with roast beef debris and gravy, with a drizzle of horseradish sauce on top. You MUST order this.
I was amazed, but it was actually fine! My legs and feet hurt a lot, but not my heel.
I speak neither French nor Hindi but you cannot fail to enjoy an all-stops-pulled-out Bollywood film where (as always) people randomly burst into song and the hero has both his arms cut off yet continues to fight in true action man style. (Both Sholay and Monty Python and the Holy Grail were released in 1975 so I doubt if either ripped off the idea of an armless hero; it must have been the spirit of the times.)
(Thank you)
OPTIONAL: Stir 1 cup of any chocolate chips, peanut butter chips..etc.. or 1 cups chopped nuts.
So...dear friends, have you been to Marrakech or the Atlas Mountains?
what might possibly
Hopefully, I’ll return with a tale to tell and some pictures.
But I did pick a bunch of winners for my April A to Z posts. Each day, I highlighted a special horse (or even two or three special equines) for the alphabetic posts. In the process, I had the pleasure of reconnecting with old friends and even growing to know new friends better.
Obviously, there is a lot more to pitching and what we are working on together than that, but I think that should get the ball rolling. Over the next few months, I will be contributing more substantive articles that will cover a lot of the biomechanical aspects of a pitcher’s delivery that Eric and I see daily and how best to activate and optimize awareness for each piece of the puzzle. We’ll talk about what a flexibility deficit looks like in a pitcher and what its ramifications are in a player’s mechanics. We’ll discuss how we attack something of this nature with soft tissue/mobility/strength work and then how we teach the player to incorporate this back into his personal mechanics through progressive drill work.
Occasional guest posts/reviews as well as feedback or suggestions about the site are welcome. If you’d like to share your thoughts, please email skeletallightning1@gmail(dot)com.
I love you human. With all of my heart.
However, Don Shenker says it’s important to remember there are many factors affecting young people’s drinking other than what parents say. "The easy availability of alcohol at pocket money prices is far more important, and the government should consider getting tough on cheap sales to help tackle underage drinking,” he says.
"That was Volbeat my new favorite band whos singer dont know who i am"
We’ll take on Darwin and Sigmund Freud
Hands and eyes work in different worlds;
Not only does this lovely expat know her martinis, but she has impeccable taste in bars. I can personally guarantee you that if Forest likes it, it's gotta be good. The best part is that you can join her escapades! Every Wednesday she has a cocktail evening, and monthly a big meetup! Looking to meet expats or people who enjoy good places? Now you have no more excuses to stay home! Here's where you can get info on her meetups: http://www.meetup.com/52Martinis/
One of the problems facing the court is that Bunia – the capital of the Ituri region where Mr Lubanga was a rebel leader – was still considered a conflict zone.
Groups
Today I want to share another thank you card that I've made - this one for a very specific purpose.
4. Put 1 tbs of flour down on the counter, or wherever you will shape your dough. Kneed dough into a rectangular shape. Flip dough as it becomes sticky and let the flour cover it (to prevent it from sticking to you and the counter). Once you have the dough shaped, put it on top of a greased cookie sheet (baking tray, whatever). **Important** Make sure you put the dough onto the cookie sheet BEFORE you add the ingredients on top. Otherwise it’s practically impossible to move.
2 1/4 c. all-purpose flour
What are your thoughts on the subject?
Soft Tofu, 1 large piece
Clementine Tarts with Chocolate & Physalis
On Oct 5, 2011, when Mr. Kabil Sibal released the Aakash tablet, I jumped with joy. Finally a made-in-India technology product.
Kenneth Branagh/Emma Thompson (Much Ado About Nothing)
Prabhupada: Who is Nitai dasa?
youth population, any serious
2 T apple cider vinegar
- She loves to sing and have songs sung to her. She sings Twinkle Twinkle, and knows some of the words of the Eensy Weensy Spider and Popcorn Popping along with all the motions. She also can fill in some letters here and there in the ABC song. She loves Jesus Wants me for a Sunbeam (Sun Beep according to her). She has her own version of the Wheels on the Bus with made up verses with actions about different family members. She sings her own made up songs off and on during the day too.
As I closed in on the finish line I saw Holly standing off to the side. "Come on, Erin!" she screamed. "Fast feet! Fast feet!"
What prompts you to choose a book? I read for two reasons – fun and my local book club. Let’s look at book club choices first. We invariably chose a book that is (or has been) on the best seller’s list, that is by an acclaimed author, that has a topic we can sink our teeth into, or that is the “in” book to read. Invariably, I fall asleep reading these books and don’t finish them, though there have been a few exceptions. The plot (if there is one) is generally slow to unfold; the characters are not always sympathetic. I find myself thinking, GET ON WITH IT ALREADY. Yet these books are being read by millions. By now you’re all wondering, why is she in this book club? I’ll admit, it’s a social event with great food and wine, and somebody has to have the dissenting voice at these things! LOL
How foolish it is for us to go about making our own plans, doing our own thing and expecting God to fit into our schedule. How do you think Paul would have planned that trip toRome? How do you suppose he could have controlled that wind, the weather or the current of the sea? For this reason many Christians end up with wasted lives.
Heal me, O Lord, and I shall be healed;
2111.***E-VII/17/2002. On the John Walker Lindh case and the misdirection of Homeland Security resources. (Incorporated in Item B-14 (Projected), above, Letter C-32.)
Thanks for stopping in! I really love when you do!
“We are not enemies, but friends. We must not be enemies. Though passion may have strained it must not break our bonds of affection. The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature.”
Figgy, ginger, honeysuckle and stewed apricot nose.
These oats are so simple, and great to make if you don’t have a lot of time in the morning. If you love oatmeal for breakfast in the winter, but hate the thought of something hot for breakfast in the hot summer months, then overnight oats is a great thing to have in place of your regular hot oats. This breakfast is a thick, creamy, delicious way to enjoy your morning bowl of oatmeal.
3 clerk
St. Peter smiled and said to the zebra, "Well, then, there you are. You are white with black stripes.
During her life, I thought it was sad. I thought, "What a stupid little incident, and yet this scar will be here forever." But the other week I realized that scar isn't there anymore. Nicole's been cremated. There is no trace of that scar anymore, except for echoes: in photographs, and in the reverberations of Nicole that live on in the neural pathways of her friends and loved ones.
The mundane everyday life kicks back in .
Thank goodness we have already planned to sail in the Greek islands in a month’s time. The thought of that might help.
we are 1/3 of our way through our Annual leave,
My boss is getting pressured by her boss so I feel as if I am bruised and battered from the day.
The advantage of these couplings are manifold: for starters there's the cultural exchange, then, there's also the Latin person's contribution to Britain's multiracial rainbow and last but not least we must factor in the newcomer's professional experience.
Creative Commons was created to allow more freedoms to the public than Fair Use allows. Creative Commons, in essence, is some rights reserved. It “provides free copyright licenses to enable artists to make their creative work with the freedoms they want it to carry,” (Lessig, 2008, p. 15). The author can choose what these freedoms are when they establish their Creative Commons license.
It reminds me of the song, “She Believes in Me” by Kenny Rogers, which tells the story of a man who had great dreams and never accomplished any of them. But the focus of the song is not on his failure, but on the faith and support of his loving wife:
She had on cut off jean shorts! Oh, God, Please, God, Please don’t allow me to wear cut-off’s like that when I’m 55. Please? I beg.
We are free to choose for ourselves whether to receive salvation, healing, prosperity, and so much more. God is the God of all things but He has chosen to give us our own free will in every matter. Did you know God can’t make you love Him? He can’t make you receive Christ as Savior, pray or read the Bible. God can’t lie, steal, or commit adultery. God can’t hate.
The Men in my Little Girl's Life....Mike Douglas
11. Izabella - inst. long version
Tomorrow land is a promising dystopian/post-apocalyptic novel of true love and survival. It's a stand-alone book, as far as I can tell... but, be sure to check out Mari Mancusi's upcoming dystopian, Alternity. There's a wonderful sneak preview at the end of Tomorrow Land, and I'll be sure to get myself a copy when it comes out!
Cherish/Cherish – Very…blah.
Here’s my WIP Wednesday offering:
B: "I need some-fing to unscroove the fan to put batteries"
Sweet Baby! All-Natural
I didn't get to post last night. Sorry! I got home from work, did some laundry, fixed some dinner and then crashed on the couch. I woke up about 11 so I could go to bed. I had to work later today than I normally do so I didn't get home until 6 this evening. So it was Take Home Taco Bar for dinner tonight along with some more laundry. How much laundry does this family have? It seems like I am always doing laundry!
I am still working on bits and bobs for the charity craft fair I am going to in April and really needed some birthday cards for the kiddies.
keeps on growing.
I SAY: I'm pretty lucky that Alessandra doesn't get up super early but I rarely nap when she does. I need that time for me.
Step 2 - Keeping the end of the wire that you just secured firmly in place, push the ribbon towards the secured end so that the ribbon gathers. (That seems like the single most complicated way to describe something very simple but I just can't find the "easy" words.)
Earlier this year in an interview with Ad Age, Mr. Turtledove was complimentary of DDB and touted having its account consolidated at a single holding company.
You may recall that I described February as being a crazy month for our family. Crazy as in busy. Part of what kept me going through the month with good spirit and energy was the fact that March was coming. With March came rest, Spring, ease, routine, settling, calm...so I thought.
1/2 tsp baking powder
I have always loved autumn ever since I was a little girl. My mother and grandmother would make chutneys and pickles and there would be the Christmas cake and mincemeat to make in good time for the big event. This was long before anyone had a fridge and I don’t think freezers were even invented then.
The demented soliloquy that is the sound of a car aerial being repeatedly thrashed against a supple, un-violated behind was something I unfortunately never experienced as a child (I was so freaking well-behaved). However, through the magic of inelegant cinema, I have since been able to witness this alternative child rearing technique first hand. Where, you might ask, did I find such a film that showed this irregular nurturing in action? Well, I saw it in Female Trouble (a.k.a. Rotten Mind, Rotten Face), John Waters' salacious ode to crime and beauty, that's where. One of the most educational and enlightening films about parenting I have ever had the pleasure of viewing with the seeing part of my face, this moralistic adventure through the disgusting mire that is city living mirrors my life almost exactly. For example, I, too, openly ate meat ball sandwiches in class; cut my daughter's umbilical cord by using my teeth; let my hippie husband breach my vagina with needle-nose pliers; and giggled my flabby hindquarters at a go-go bar. Wait a minute, none of these things happened to me. Talk about gross. I mean, meatballs? On a sandwich? Eww! Seriously though, tantamount to staring directly at some sort of mirror-like object, to see my values shamelessly spewed across the screen like they are in Female Trouble was liked being bathed in a vat of coagulated saliva. Now, the dewy contents of people's mouths invading your clogged pores may not be the most flattering way to describe the sensation of watching a film. But if you've seen the film from beginning to end multiple times like I have, then you know that it's the highest praise one can give. It sure beats the old, "I liked the movie. It was funny" routine.
With more years of life and marriage under my belt, my dreams and sense of fresh becoming have tempered, and I’m definitely less likely to take an exit for the circus. I’ve accepted most of what life has thrown at me, and much of what I know it will never give me. I find the here and now a pretty good place. And I’m far less likely to take on identities others wish for me.
Carol Stream - An event is planned for 6 p.m. to dusk, at Community Park, at the east end of Thornhill Drive. There will be a community barbecue, music and fun activities for children.
Ministry Obstacles
the importance of preventing
...Literate people should boycott books.
Happy birthday Charlie and America!!!!!!!!
“We believe that our new creation will transform the way legal services are delivered in the United Kingdom. We believe that we have addressed the all too common perception by the public that legal services are expensive and service levels are variable, at times heading towards incompetent. Lawyerborg 2.0 comes fully equipped with leading legal databases built in and while taking on a recognisable human form and similar empathy levels found in fully human lawyers, Lawyerborg 2.0 is at the cutting edge of the dawn of alternative business structures ‘envisioned’ in the Legal Services Act. We have accepted the impossible mission to drive down the costs of provision of legal services but retaining high revenues and, even more important, stellar profits. Lawyerborg 2.0 is virtually maintenance free and will bill 24/7/365.
1411 D-II/4(A)/2002. “John J. Nee (1923-2002).” Alumni Class, The Basic Program of Liberal Education for Adults, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois
Iain Hamish Murray was born (of Scottish parents) in Lancashire, England, April 19, 1931, and educated at King William’s College, Isle of Man, and the University of Durham. Prior to university he held a commission in the Cameronians (Scottish Rifles) who were then engaged in the suppression of an insurgency in the jungles of Malaya. Converted to Christ at the age of seventeen, after upbringing in a larger liberal denomination (the English Presbyterian Church), he became assistant minister at St John’s, Summertown, Oxford in 1955, where the Banner of Truth magazine began. The influence of this magazine (edited by him until 1987) was to be greatly enlarged when, with Jack Cullum, he founded the Banner of Truth Trust in 1957. Initially intended to supply out-of-print Reformed and Puritan authors for Britain, the Trust’s publications were soon selling in forty countries, with an office established at Carlisle in the United States in the late 1960s.
Je ne sais pas pourquoi, le "rose et rouge" me fait toujours penser à ces papiers BoBunny que j'adore! Gros plan et challenges...
Oh so what do those Easter Eggs and Easter Baskets have to do with tatting or Tatting Day, you ask? Well did you just think they were just plain old Easter Ornaments?
1. The First Mindfulness Training: Openness
It seems to me that the ebook publishing world is a very immature market that has grown massively in the last few years. Seeing that growth in the market I can see why technology companies such as Microsoft would want to have a stake in that type of content. It seems to me (and perhaps it is rather obvious) that once you have a reasonably competent piece of technology, it is the content that you can access on it that sells the technology product when you are talking about ebook readers. For libraries I can see why an off-the-shelf solution for lending ebooks is attractive.
As of today, I have 779 followers. I am VERY grateful for that. So, I’ve decided to break my little fingers by presenting this link game. Below is a numerical link to 100 of my subscribers taken completely at random. Click on one or two of them, read their content, comment, and maybe even follow. It’s like blowing out 100 candles all at once. It’s my way of saying thank you. Sweet Mother loves you and she is very happy that you’re here.
The Curse of Frankenstein began Hammer Films’ revival of gothic horror films in 1957 because of its popularity with moviegoers. Critics, on the other hand, hated the film because of its excessive violence and deviation from the 1931 Universal original. I have already addressed my thoughts on the differing perspectives of the two series above. If you area Frankenstein purist, you may not like the Hammer Films version. It is definitely more for those who like true horror films rather than an existential look at the human tendency to fear that which is different. I am very much into the latter myself, but cannot dismiss the entertaining virtues of what The Curse of Frankenstein set into motion.
I embossed the girls bracelet with an embossing folder that I have no idea what it is called...hibiscus, maybe?? It came free with a Christmas Sizzix die and I just love it!! The band was painted with bubble gum craft paint and when it dried, I sanded the color off the raised parts. I used Tattered Angels Glimmer Mist in Candy Apple Red, Viva Pink and Silver Sugar, and touched it up with Fired Brick and Barn Door Distress Ink, and rhinestones to the centers. The flower was cut from Wall Decor and More in grunge board first and then paper from DCWV Tres Chic stack. I cut the leaves off, popped it up with foam tape for dimension and attached it to the band with a button brad. Another snap and the bracelet is finished!!
In the latter category, researchers estimated that Muslims outpaced even Mormons between 2000 and 2010, adding 66.7 percent more adherents. During that time frame, the nation's overall Muslim tally shot up from 1,559,294 to 2,600,082.
DJ Sumbody: All I’d like to see is my brand growing, and making a difference to the youth. Showing them that nothing is impossible, we can’t all be doctors, but we must also explore our god given talents to all have a better future.
8th Annual Polish Heritage Festival - 12:00 p.m. – 11:00 p.m. - Hamburg Fairgrounds
Congratulations to Jess from the Pretty Physicist! She won my gift card giveaway! Jess - email me with which store you would like your card from and your address. Thanks so much to all who entered!!
Ross Taylor
This is the big month. If all goes according to plan, by the end of March, my “virtual bookshelf” will be looking mighty different!
What is this new garment? My suspicion — one shared by many Malian viewers — is that it’s a dyed cotton shirt known as dozofini, which literally means “hunter’s cloth.” As Florida State University anthropologist Joseph Hellweg illustrates in his absorbing ethnography Hunting the Ethical State, hunters in West Africa are renowned not only for their prowess at killing game, but also at controlling mystical forces of the bush. Those initiated as hunters are believed to possess special powers, such as the ability to become invisible or to transform themselves into animals; their smocks contain amulets that can supposedly render them impervious to bullets or blades. In donning this garment, Captain Sanogo is sending a message to Malians that he is powerful and can withstand attempts to kill him. Interestingly, he was first shown wearing the dozofini on Friday evening, after rumors circulated that he had been shot dead in a counter-coup, and the CNRDR felt compelled to broadcast statements that he was alive and well. In every subsequent television appearance, Sanogo can be seen with a dozofini under his uniform.
As Yawee, Todd ran something called the Temple of Rejuvenation in Lemuria. There were attempts to recreate it in Atlantis much, much later, but that didn’t work because Yawee wasn’t there. Yawee had an attribute that the Lemurians knew was unusual, and that was that he lived three times the lifetime span that they did. So he had within him some secrets about energy, and specifically DNA. In the Temple of Rejuvenation, he had discovered something that is in the works of being discovered right now. I don’t have a clock. How soon? You’ll see.
Dear Mum
Truly.
I ain't got no cigarettes
Going home:
Over the past few weeks, a number of AMP authors have come forward with their stories. Here are some of them:
151. Brussels Sprouts Roasted Shallot, Southern Greens with Bacon, Cavatelli with Gorgonzola, Crispy Pancetta from Whole Foods Market @ Home (Phoenixville, PA) 8:48 p.m.
30. E-40 - Revenue Retrievin': Graveyard Shift
Micheal: Me too. Always.
Of your sad tide
I made a decision a long time ago that no matter my insecurities about myself i would not let them hold me back from living my life to the best ability that i can. There are so many things i want to be for my children, but most of all i want them to know that they get to make that choice for themselves as well. They will have a different life story but i want them to own it and be confident in who they are and their ability to choose the path their lives lead.
The Silence Before Bach – traveling player piano
If there’s anything about the second book that keeps it from being quite the masterpiece that the first one was, it’s that I almost felt like Martin was afraid to take quite as many risks in this book. By the end of A Game of Thrones, several main characters and a healthy chunk of the supporting cast are dead. Ned Stark’s death, while tragic and sad, was an emotional high point of the first book, and it showed you that Martin was not playing with kid’s gloves. There was never a death of that magnitude in the second book, and I was sort of disappointed by that. I’m not saying I want Jon or Arya or Tyrion to die. That would really piss me off, but if Martin does something like that, and he does it well, the books are better for it.
Your fingers will be moving faster and soon you will just let it out.
We finished our Master Bedroom redo over President's Day break...
Buy on Etsy
juice of 1/2 a lime
Ahlborg G. Epidemiological studies on occupational factors and pregnancy outcome. National Institute of Occupational Health. Arbete og Hälsa. Arbetsmiljöinstitutet, Solna: Doctoral Dissertation 14; 1990: 1-65.
The spec of the Dev Alpha isn’t important beyond the screen size and resolution, according to RIM; this is more a test device than a true prototype. But it should give a realistic feel for app performance, Neil said.
There are many that can market and have no stockmanship skills. Some have stockmanship skills and no marketing skills. Some have both and can not budget their money. We don’t teach any of this to the next generation.
Duration: Until commitment fulfilled (see below)
Well the point where the story kind of falls of the rails for me is after the first strip was yanked from my upper eyelid.......something just didn't feel right.......there was a definite stinging sensation that I had not felt before........oh did I mention that my biggest fear about waxing is losing skin...yeah my biggest fear........so of course that is what flashed through my mind...but then I calmed myself...suggesting that I might be a weee bit paranoid....so onto eye numero 2......hmmm interesting why is it feeling like this woman is pulling in slow motion.........oh and there is that stinging again.......hmm...well I guess the cooling gel will fix that, I must be just super sensitive today...can we say hormones......so she does a few little clean-up tweezes and out comes the cooling gel....I was almost salivating for that stuff...get it on my lids lady, I was thinking to myself.......AHHHHHHHHHHHH...........shit NOPE that did not help.......STINGING!!!!
"Children whose mother exercised 30 minutes a day score around eight points higher on standard IQ tests than children whose mothers were more sedentary."Another study conducted by researchers from Kansas City University
I met up with the cool girls who were loving it all. The creativity was inspiring.
His name dispels my guilt and fear,
I don't tend to say much about the films or books on here. I just like to give a little over brief to entice you watch or read it. And, I really do believe this is a British film that you must see very soon.
This power creates an illusionary object or creature of no more than Size 0. The illusion can be whatever the caster wishes of an appropriate size and each additional power point spent increases the size of the illusion by 1. It is only possible to create a single, discrete image (so a warrior in armor would be fine but a pack of dogs would not) and the illusion can only move or "act" if the caster spends an action, otherwise the illusion can only perform simple repetitive animations (so an illusionary candle would flicker and the illusion of a sleeping man would appear to breath). If the illusion moves outside of the caster's range it instantly vanishes. Control of the illusion is not precise enough to "layer" it over a moving person or object, although it can be used to cover stationary ones if it is large enough.
Rory D. Burke, 115 Belchertown Rd, Amherst, MA, age 21, arrested for noise
Case in point: I loved The Avengers. There is literally nothing I could say about the film that hasn't already been said thousands of times already by people a helluva lot smarter than me (they wish). My one quibble with it was the post-production 3D*. It made no sense. For example, there was a car chase near the beginning of the film. The chase itself was not in 3D, but every time the perspective switched to inside one of the vehicles the 3D kicked in.
Do you know why? Because he's not turning 8 this year, like we thought, he's actually only turning 5!! He was born in 2007, not 2004!
I wish I could say I had different review than the "meh" one, sadly. Or not... actually, I liked the movie for the most part, though certain aspects of it left me wanting.
It takes one vote to answer.
3. Before 10pm (although the 9 o'clock hour is pushing it)
At night upon the cold hard ground she lay
The darkest B pencil I had(its lead now broken) clattered lifelessly before my feet.
When I became a parent, I had to lose a lot of my selfishness. Nothing obnoxious, but I would spend my days eating donuts and watching Next Generation and playing a computer game. Maybe throwing a little writing or guitar playing into the day. Now, I do diapers and pony-tails and play “Gonna-Get-You!” (it's really simple. She runs until I grab her up, then she giggles. I'm sure our games will get more sophisticated with time.)
Which books and authors inspired you to write? Who do you love to read at the moment?
I actually very much enjoy creating tutorials and the few that I've done have a link on the sidebar. I've been meaning to come up with concepts for more tutorials that you guys may find interesting so feel free to make suggestions if you have any.
Amano Shrimp are stronger then most other dwarf shrimp and are capable of moving around when they are out of the water (not very well though). They will sometimes wonder out of the tank and across your floor so be aware of this. If possible I suggest having a top on the tank or leaving the water level a little lower to make it more difficult for them to climb out. Of the 50 or so I put into my 120p ADA tank, I have lost maybe one a month when it decided to go exploring.
My reply~ "I have four kids. I homeschool. I do life with my kids. I go out in public and I am not afraid of critical minds! I will embrace "my situation" with gladness"!
I also had my first run-in with the Australian Police last night. I had been told that they can be somewhat heavy-handed over here and, as darkness fell in the park, a number of police cars appeared and drove through, herding everyone out. The revellers seemed to accept that the party was over.
Because I can hear his cries, and all that he denies
“Oh, I HATE THAT SHIRT! It’s just HORRIBLE! The print looks like you’re covered in a mud puddle. And those pants you wear, oh my God! Really, you should just let me dress you.”
Researchers analyzed data based on 11 years of follow-up of 12,788 women in the original WHI study. They found that HRT was associated with an increased risk of breast cancer; the participants' cancers were more commonly diagnosed in an advanced stage.
Would Americans eat less meat, and would animals be treated more humanely, if slaughterhouses were made with glass walls and we all could see the monstrous killing apparatus at work? This is the query at the heart of Timothy Pachirat’s new book “Every Twelve Seconds”—the title a reference to the typical slaughterhouse’s cattle-killing rate. Before you think this is a column merely about food, recognize that Pachirat’s question isn’t (only) about the immorality of the cheeseburger you had for lunch. It’s about the larger phenomenon whereby modern society has reconstructed itself to hide so many horrific consequences from view.
At the moment, at least in the UK, many of the people who are self-publishing are often at least on the fringes of the publishing industry. They have been writing for years, going to classes or writing groups, submitting books that are repeatedly refused, perhaps - but they didn't just start writing yesterday. They are not all putting up total dross - there is some good stuff there, too. But it won't be long before every (wo)man and her/his dog is putting up their first unedited ramblings. It's easier to self-publish on Kindle than it is to write a pitch to an agent or publisher. So why bother? Pity the readers then, when the ratio of rubbish:readable veers further to the rubbish side. Will the reading public just give up? Will they just go off reading altogether? Or will they - irony - flock back to printed books once they have spent 100 times 99 cents on crap?
Last Thursday night, at training, Paul Andrews was awarded the yellow jersey for the second week running. The winners of the end of session six-a-side game were joined in a huddle, enjoying the dubious perk of voting for who they considered the worst player of the night. Having won it the week before, Andrews was obliged to wear it at training. Washing it carries a fine, so as you can imagine - it stinks. Andrews wore it over two further layers of clothing. Having scored an unfortunate own goal - the ball hit him square on in front of an open net - he knew he was a leading contender; “Any point in taking this off,” he asked, looking down towards the names of the previous winners written in marker pen on his shirt. It was a close vote between him and Lee Fielder, but no, there was no point in taking it off.
Philadelphia (March 7, 2012)
“I’ve got enough for a cup of coffee and that’s it.”
Oh yes. Life is: Sweet, not always. (Written on a bus in Italy. I thought it was cool and wrote it in my little huge book of words that are put together in kick ass ways I like). So I know it will not always be lighthearted fun, but life happens. (I’d say ‘shit’ happens, but it takes an asshole to make shit happen, and neither of us qualify.) And it will be interesting no matter what.
1:15-3:30 Panel 3: Rolando Tolentino, Fiona Lee, Gerhard Jaiser, Katarzyna Ancuta, Ainurrahmah/Satrya Wibawa/Dina Septiani
This beautiful blue and white dinner set stops me in my tracks when I see it because my grandmother has had this as her dinner set for ever. I have eaten off this pretty blue and white pattern since I was a very little girl at family dinners, lunches and the like. So what better reason than to sell this in my store. We now stock this range at Black & Spiro so if you are in need of a pretty dinner set or tea set or even just a bowl or a jug then this classic, timeless pattern could be perfect. Could even be a good idea for a mother's day gift!!xx
Though Goering was a keen shot, both he and Hitler were passionately anti hunting with hounds. That’s not the reason I might have refused the gun had it been offered to me. There’s real, and then there’s real.
The devil mocks their every step
The main problem, he said, was getting the two of them off the ground – the nimble, lightweight Piper L4 that Foster piloted in his artillery spotting missions wouldn’t support both him and Goering. But the division only had the small airstrip that was fine for Foster’s aircraft, but was problematic for taking off and landing larger planes.
Tonight, as Steve prepared dinner, I got out one of my vintage table cloths to set the table.
Usually I blame the long winter,
07. Glastonbury Song
Fill the cartons with dryer lint or charcoal, then melted wax. Store until needed, removing top lid (if needed/if you like) then set alight, adding more fuel as needed. I would think the cartons would be good as bonfire fuel, too.
be the nation’s food basket
Busy-And-Important-Husband started to chuckle.
2 — Islam is Unreformable on any Timescale of Relevance to the Problem
REALLY TMI IMO, Moms of girls...
And I love books.
Kat might be in way over her head, but she’s not going down without a fight. After all, she has her best friend — the gorgeous Hale — and the rest of her crew with her as they chase the Cleopatra around the globe, dodging curses and realizing that the same tricks and cons her family has used for centuries are useless this time.
Bonneh, Y.S., Belmonte, M.K., Pei, F., Iversen, P.E., Kenet, T., Akshoomoff, N., Adini, Y., Simon, H.J., Moore, C.I., Houde, J.F., & Merzenich, M.M. (2008). Cross-modal extinction in a boy with severely autistic behaviour and high verbal intelligence. Cognitive Neuropsychology, 25, 635-52.
Freydolf caught the change in mood and slowly straightened. Something must have happened to put such an odd expression on his brother-in-law’s face. “Go on,” he urged.
‘D A’ stands for ‘Dessie’s Army’, a fond tribute to trainer Dessie Hughes who trains for the seven-strong group of friends who make up the syndicate. They come from Counties Carlow, Wickford and Kildare and have business interests in printing, packaging, building development and estate agency among others – the group includes Lar Byrne, who owned the dual Champion Hurdle winner Hardy Eustace. The D A Syndicate was formed when a number of Hughes’s owners went to India to see the trainer’s son Richard ride in the 2000 Indian Derby. Hughes won the race on Smart Chieftain, and buoyed by the victory the group pledged to get involved in ownership as a syndicate. The plan to buy Rare Bob, their best horse to date and their first John Smith’s Grand National runner, was hatched at Royal Ascot at York in 2005. A few weeks later at Tattersalls’ Fairyhouse Sale he was bought for i125,000 as an unraced three-year-old, but he has since won about i200,000. One D A member, Tony Campbell, said: “We’ve had about 20 winners with different horses and we’ve been to the National five or six times, but we’ve never had a horse good enough for the National. It is fantastic to have a runner.”
Requirement number two: You must have an eBook Reader. I don't care if it's a Sony, iPad, Kindle, or Nook, but you have to have one of them or you won't be able to read the manuscripts I send.
*or make your own by combining the crumbs from 12 graham crackers, 2 Tablespoons sugar, and 5 Tablespoons melted butter
Pest Management Professionals are licensed through the State of Ohio by the Ohio Department of Agriculture. One must take and pass an examination to obtain their Commercial Pesticide Applicators license. One must also obtain the proper insurance and maintain continuing education credits to keep their licenses. Bed bug biology, behavior and control are the number one topics at our continuing education seminars today.
We came across this downed lamp post in Brooklyn's Columbus Park near the Supreme Court building yesterday. According to the Brooklyn Eagle, a delivery truck related to the construction at 360 Adams Street knocked it down -- and the driver tried to flee the scene.
Officer (shrugs): Well, then.
The staff at Chuck E. Cheese made this the easiest party I've ever thrown. They helped me carry things to the table and set up, then helped keep the party on track, and coordinated bringing out and serving the food and the birthday celebration (Chuck E. coming to our table, singing, cake, etc). They even made sure everything was going great the whole time we were there, then they took care of the cleanup!
The following image has kindly been provided to me by a close friend and a serving soldier who is currently coming to the end of his tour in Afghanistan and serving with 2 Rifles.
of Naniboujou, the Cree spirit of the outdoors.
Wikio.co.uk Beer & Wine Ranking - October 2010
He’s going to be my husband, he is. I can’t wait. I’m never letting him go.
- not a single call to a friend with no objective but to crack a few jokes and make his or her day….
to the Word of GOD
10 lasagna noodles, broken into 2 inch pieces
Few people think more than two or three times a year; I have made an international reputation for myself by thinking once or twice a week. And in his Guardian column Cory Doctorow explains why the instant feedback of digital photography has improved our collective picture taking abilities to the point where we artificially degrade our pictures to make them seem more authentic.
I also loved the AJ-Daniel Bryan segment, very well done by both involved. AJ has certainly improved with her character development. She always could go in the ring, but now they have a personality to go along with it, and of course Daniel Bryan is brilliant.
So, getting back to the point. I was left with a mental journey I needed to go on to determine what appreciation was and how to give more of it;
World Of Sorrow
Does your doctor?
Un Lun Dun was originally published in April 2007, and reissued with a brand new cover in May 2011 by Pan Macmillan.
Gillingham is a natural speaker, he is genuine, entertaining and really knows how to open people's eyes and mind. Every word he says has value I especially loved "Your home is a path, not a place".
Cousin Cailin turned three, and her birthday party was on the day before Easter. They had an Easter Bunny theme, and it was LOTS of fun! The Easter Bunny even made an appearance to hand out toys, and he filled the backyard with eggs while everyone was inside eating.
Chase is to find love in your eyes, to get you by any means,
‘What’s this?’ the dean asks.
Have a lovely evening! x
This is God’s law
Riley Case's commentary echoes another of the things we Episcopalians have had foisted upon us over the years,
Pre-light the stick gives off a nice barnyard smell. Always a plus in my book.
MOM: Look at yourself. You’re a mess.
A sandwich, bottle of beer, a cup of tea and an ashtray.
Now, of my threescore years and ten,
Designer Paper: Basic Grey 'Origins';
Ok, this isn’t really every band I’ve ever seen in concert. I’m leaving out local bands as that would be too taxing on my memory. These are national touring acts that I’ve seen live somewhere. Some I’m huge fans of and have seen many times, some were just opening acts. I’m certain to forget most of the opening acts. Post your own list in the comments section.
Fresh laundry
And don’t even get me started on the government’s derivatives, which will attach so much debt to this generation that their great-great-great-great grandchildren will wonder at the ignorance of their forefathers of today as they scrap for tidbits of food left over from the most recent bankers convention.
But seriously, the only real respite I can get is through taking a benzodiazepine just before bed. Either Zanax, Valium or Normison offer relief. Opioid painkillers like Diagesic also help. But there is a downfall to that. These drugs are extremely addictive and getting scripts for them is really hard. They also make me super tired the day after, making it very difficult to find the motivation to do anything.
Every week I’ll be on the look out for a new spicy product to try and test using my amateur, budget-friendly culinary skills.
WONDER BOY.
R - Yes.
It was my turn to look at Denise with a cocked head, because in truth in the opening pages I try exactly to capture where this young girl is coming from.
I swear to God, W.B.'s head is going to pop off his shoulders if he gets any more excited about Halloween. I had to drag him out of the grocery store today after school because he was transfixed by the mounds and mounds of candy on display. And he is single-minded in his pursuit of the perfect costume. Today he proposed some kind of combination ghost/robot/scarecrow, but I'm sure that tomorrow he'll have a completely different--and likely more elaborate--idea in mind. I think he and his classmates are talking of little else at recess.
What a nice Christmas present!
I wasn't as crazy about the second book in the Aspect of Crow series. Don't get me wrong it was good, worth 5 stars, but it didn't grab me like the 1st one did. For me Voice of Crow was a little slow getting started. Others have disagreed and thought the 1st one was hard to get going, so it's truly a personal opinion.
developments, them car lots, whatever you please
Asst. Curator.
I’m always curious about others parenting styles. What works and doesn’t varies from house to house. I think I pull from many different places. But I’m rooted in attachment.
Submarine has wit and style. It is quirky but never at the risk of being inauthentic. The film’s protagonist, 15 year old Oliver Tate, is romantic, fanciful and awkward—he wears his heart on his sleeve. This movie will have you laughing as Oliver woes the girl of dreams to sleep with him via a heartfelt thank you note he has prewritten the actual event and will have you applaud him as he valiantly saves his parents marriage through a string of interloping involvement.
I have a friend who is burying her husband this week and I feel so badly for her. We can never know exactly how another person is feeling, even when we have had a similar experience, but I know that she is comforted by the Holy Spirit.
Dinah and the Libbies. And the expools and the men in general. I just love the power and energy they bring to the end of the book. They really teach Gaia so much about what she believes in, and they help Gaia remember that.
Frederic Vidal“
And chase the creamy darkness back
Jekel Loves Hyde by Beth Fantaskey
At the centre of this magical new kingdom, high on a hill (which shows you how little I knew back then), stood the golden city of New Orleans. In my imagination, it just straight hummed with music, romance, joy, despair; its rhythms got into my gawky English frame and, at times, made me so happy, and sad, I just didn’t know what to do with myself. New Orleans was my Jerusalem. (The question of why a soft-handed English schoolboy should be touched by music born of slavery and oppression in another city, on another continent, in another century, is for a thousand others to answer before me: from Korner to Clapton, the Rolling Stones to the Joolsing Hollands. Let’s just say it happens.)
Go on! You know? The one that you said can wait?
The weather forecast of Gaein where she wrote it at Jinho’s back. That scene made me realize that without any doubt, she has fallen in LOVE with Jin Ho.
She told us that she had been waiting patiently all week long for the victory to arrive...and that the minute we walked in the door she knew we were sent from the Lord. "You two are the victory that the Lord promised me!!" she told us happily over and over again! :D hahahaha.... I loved it! I´m super excited to teach her again!
(around this time I figured that he probably wanted to change his hundred rupee notes with a bigger note)
Eileen
All that is needed is a collection of different colored (at least red, yellow, green, blue and violet) spray paint, an empty wall and a robo-rainbow.
I found rest.
If the jails are too crowded to house a celebrity that has to be segregated for their own safety, then ship their mamby-pamby lily white asses off to another jail that does have the room AND make those celebrities pay for their ‘special’ incarceration requirements.
They have 3 different levels - i'm of course only level 1 and doing it for 3 days
(4) Water: Seriously. Lots and lots of water.
Consider getting flu shot.
Nobody hears,
Sometimes it doesn't feel as if ten years have passed since then, but other times it feels as if we live in a different world. Especially when traveling by air. International travel always had fairly rigorous immigration and security, especially at Heathrow, but do you remember domestic US air travel before 9/11? When, if you didn't have bags to check, you just walked into the airport and strolled right up to the gate to check in? There were no security checklines, and you could carry whatever you liked in your carry on bag. Your non traveling companions could walk you to the gate and kiss you goodbye right as you boarded the plane. Geekydaddy would meet me at the gate, often with flowers hurriedly purchased at the airport shop designed for just that purpose, when I arrived home from a conference.
It starts well enough:
Me: It was still not clean enough.
The Buffalo Bills made a huge investment in Fitzpatrick when they signed him to a 6 year, 59 million dollar contract this week but it’s more than the gaudy numbers that Fitzpatrick has put up with the Bills that General Manager Buddy Nix and head coach Chan Gailey valued. Fitzpatrick is a captain and a team leader. During the NFL lockout he worked out with his young receivers and let them stay at his Arizona home. He is a leader on the field as well, and his poise has lead the Bills to two late game wins this year. He also leads by example. Two weeks ago the Bills lost to the Giants in large part because Fitzpatrick missed Stevie Johnson, who had beaten his man twice, and under threw the ball 5 yards short and into the hands of Giants DB Corey Webster. Fitzpatrick took the loss on his shoulders and saying that he should have played better. He is idolized by young receivers David Nelson, Donald Jones, and Naaman Roosevelt, who were all undrafted out of college and all play key roles in Fitzpatrick’s offense.
It's such a huge improvement from what it was like when we first started this whole process.
This story follows Eleanor's love life as well as her ground breaking accomplishments in the world of entomology for women.
The Dow? Well, after they remove the shattered remains of former components it could settle nicely around 6,000 or take a trip down memory lane and retest the 1987 highs.
The church began to empty as I was making lunch. I missed the selfish prick parker getting into their car. But by God, I heard them turn the key.
I currently have no pictures of my childhood. There's a bunch in a box, somewhere.
He spent the next three seasons pitching for the Bearcats. As a senior he led the team with a 3.11 earned run average and 87 strikeouts, including Big East Pitcher of the Week honors for striking out 11 batters in a win over Georgetown.
orderly i am embarrassed by their
They want someone who can do more than read the teleprompter message of the day.
And then... the clangs. It's the words. Not the structure - a deconstructive collage of impressions is a fine device for conveying the fractured memories of a past event and furthermore provide much-needed variety. Nor the details of the scenes, many of which are based, as we've seen, on reality. And I find it admirably "even-handed". But the details of the lines, the images, the metaphors, the words themselves, had me longing for a red pen to plaster over the surtitles. There are too many words: and they are cumbersome words, syllabic, complex, very wordy words, and often meaningless words - poetry that might (perhaps) work on the page, but that must have given Adams the mother of all headaches. When he described the other day the storminess of his working relationship with the poet Alice Goodman, I thought he was joking. Now I'm not so sure.
Many area and women prefer clothe themselves with multi functional the particular toxins.
- Tom Cawley
the age, the cause, the plaque of deeds,
My cell phone rang; the little jingle that announced an unknown number.
my tongue,
Do you like Negligence and Fraud?
I am a people pleaser to a fault, not bold, wishing I could be more so.....but passionate about color, creative design,and individual style reflective of a home's owners.
Bug people. Sounds intriguing doesn't it? Bug people with steamtech in a Fantasy setting with large warring factions sounds even better, which is what you get in the shockingly original Empire in Black and Gold. Tchaikovsky is an author to watch and this Shadows of the Apt is a series to take note of.
She was so happy someone had asked. Her eyes welled up. “So damned fed up.”
Disgraced human Bill Bennett was, for inexplicable reasons, given space on CNN's front page to urge us not to "rush to judgment" in the Trayvon Martin cases. The facts are more "complex" than they appear. We all need to sit back and let the system take its course.
When I’m lost in my anger and fright.
He's a bad guy - I mean kindof creepy. When Christine finds him, he comes out from behind a mirror in her dressing room. Sure, his music has her in a trance or whatever, but CREEPY! And then he kidnaps her. And kills people who walk around on stage a sing. And threatens all sorts of people all the way through.
I see her perk up when visited and fed by my angel friend, Cathy.
I have a little reputation when I spend my vacation in Ireland when it comes to the weather. I was watching the forecast closely this week (one needs to know what to pack after all) and the weather was just beautiful but I knew it couldn't last. And sure enough it will break when I touch down tomorrow in Shannon but as of today only 2 days of rain are forecast and it'll be a little on the chilly side. (The second photo is in centigrade by the way - changing my mindset to the metric system).
Urban design as a function of astronomy.
"What have you got?"
For my momma with two I also made for her family
And it's the greatest Nation of all.
She is helpless and I am not her helper, I am her child, not her parent. I am sad but not depressed. I am ok and she is not.
As it is the Police made clear their annoyance by virtually putting a picket on the hall and arrested one activist on the spurious grounds that they were ‘forestalling a ‘breach of the peace’. He was later released and it is to be hoped that he sues the police for false imprisonment.
Here is a sampling of the recipes in this book in case you are interested:
This is an idea for how to blog and share and build a community of sharing around you.
Shepherd’s pie. She always ALWAYS topped it in cheese. I don’t know if this is because it helped us eat it, or because she liked cheese. Probably both. However, I always think of cheesy potatoes when I eat Shepherd’s Pie. So even though this recipe doesn’t call for it, I added it to half for my sake. :D
The church was designed by John James and that ubiquitous architect of churches, Nicholas Hawksmoor, the latter being responsible for the spire. Within a year of completion, the church suffered structural and subsidence problems and has led a chequered existence ever since, unable to be used as a church and virtually ruinous.
and the miracles that follow
In Battle for Earth it’s ... Well, you’ll just have to read the book to find out.
Other items on display inside the Space & Rocket Center include one of the Apollo command modules, a mobile quarantine facility, a Gemini training simulator (again, pretend there are pictures), and a lunar rover -- which is cool, but would be so much more awesome if they'd let you ride around on it. Or even sit on it and pretend you're riding around (which FYI, they apparently frown upon). There's also astronaut food for sale. Freeze-dried ice cream sandwich. Bet that's tasty!
There was a wooden desk piled up with old tomes and several artefacts were scattered around the room. Danni couldn’t make sense of them. The tiny room was dull and plain, lit only by candles but the artefacts were piled up in every spare inch of the room, bizarre and very alien to her.
4) Put together a “bug-out bag” for every member of your family. A bug-out bag is a life in a backpack. Put anything that you might need to survive should you have to flee your place of shelter. You should have everything in each back that will allow the carrier to survive for three days. Make sure that you have in the bag copies of all of that persons important documents, order might be restored and it will prove helpful to get you documented.
Oh, but now on to things I actually know something about...
When I watch an ad, I want to be brought somewhere. Like Cullen says however, I only want to be brought to one place. Take me there, give me something to engage with and then get lost. I don’t mind watching the same ad a few times, assuming it’s good. I like the way it engages me, so I give it the time. Get me?
Since 2011 is almost over I guess I better catch up on the blog. It's been a BUSY year.
I get ideas on-line from looking at Amazon.com, from magazines that review books, from the NY Times Book Review or from a glance at a book cover I find riveting. I ask friends what they are reading or do research on new fiction and non-fiction books. I love the library system and I appreciate them, now more than ever, but I do miss Borders, in every possible way. I thought of it as my home away from home, with their big comfy chairs and everyone talking books. I would start random conversations with strangers perusing books, it was its own community. Sigh, it’s a new world; not one that I particularly like.
“Calm down. She told you I’m a vampire and I broke her heart? What else did she tell you?”
It’s very true that most people are never more terrified than when they have to give a speech, even more so when it’s at an important event such as a wedding in front of friends and family. There are three very simple things all Best Men-to-be out there need to know and I’m going to share them with you!
spine
“What about putting a little pile of dog shit on the floor of the balcony?” I suggested. “That might blind them.”
What sorts of books did you read as a girl?
The plan above seems elaborate, yet I will aim to break this down to simpler steps and the inclusion of what needs to be accomplished daily to maintain pace towards the bigger purpose. As I develop these plans a question, “What skill, if learned to the best of your ability, would change your life?” and an article published in the Harvard Business Review will guide my personal and professional development. Consider how a roadmap might aid you in reaching your potential and enhance life satisfaction.
STARRING: Will Smith, Tommy Lee Jones, Josh Brolin, Emma Thompson, Jermaine Clement, Alice Eve, Nicole Scherzinger, Michael Stuhlbarg
Oct 26 – Knitting Factory – Boise, ID (W/Cobra Starship)
The financial crisis impacted the psyche of America, and as the U.S. approached the Presidential elections of 2008, Americans wanted change.
Heaven knows, it’s now or never, heaven knows
Yes, those are my glasses, nerdily held together with, naturally, masking tape. It was that or packing tape, and masking tape (as we all know) leaves less of a residue once removed.
The presence of God not prized.
Of course there is also my lovely carousel on the desk - which I wouldn't do without.
‘Oh,’ the bishop seemed deflated as he wandered off.
I think I loved. I've loved a few times, not terribly successfully. Occasionally, for a long period. Other times, I haven't done badly. I totally love my children too, but I watch that they don't get smothered by my care and mother love because I want them to have their own lives, their own loves, even if I don't approve. They need space to make the most of my mother love.
Headquartered in the UK, Compass has operations in more than 50 countries worldwide and employs some 470,000 people as of 2012. With an impressive 90 of the Fortune 100 companies listed as their clients, Compass has established itself as a world-class provider of quality breakfasts, lunches and dinners to a diverse array of customers, including office workers, college students, senior living communities, sports enthusiasts and even employees of remote mining camps and offshore facilities.
9. Mr. Silla and Mongoose - "How Do You"
for you:
2008 Pinot Noir– 8.00€
And since when did YOU turn into the be-all expert on every other class? Come to think of it, Garona, what do YOU even play in the first place? Anyway, this shows how much you know – you’ve got your specs mixed up. The Funding secondary only does you any good if you’re speccing deep into the Sciences tree and get a Reseach Grant set bonus. Otherwise it’s just wasted points, because frankly if you’re going with more of a “Liberal Arts” setup for your Pedagogy aura, you’re going to be going OOM all the time no matter what. The 5% buff to your money doesn’t do much good when it’s a 5% buff on next to nothing in the first place. Why do you think we have to spend so much time farming tuna fish in the supermarket zones?
Then shrank into irrelevance.
At the Trail Nerds' annual February race, the "Psycho Wyco Run Toto Run," we have actually employed the use of NASCAR-style pit stops with "shoe-screwing" stations for the uninitiated or non-believer. Non-believers may run the first loop of the race without shoe screws, but after watching their "screwed competition" literally fly by them on the course, they are more than willing to "get screwed" before going out for another loop.
"and I love you, I love you, I love you like never before."
Scorned transfigured child of Cain.
And that scene…the one where they break up (yeah, you know it happens in all romances, lol). Ugh, heartbreaking…why, oh why, can’t she have her love now! Let it all go! Take a chance! I can’t go further than that without risking major spoilers…but that scene we see through Cecily’s eyes…let’s just say *tear*
I hope you are enjoying Simply Sassy Week, our design team are the best and most talented group of girls around, they are on the SN DT because they are the BEST, we would not offer you anything else.
Was pondering today the whole afternoon, if it's bad to post pictures..
Therefore, we are not to be hospitable towards people of sects (e.g. Jehovah’s Witnesses) or even our own clergy who are guilty of false teaching, otherwise, we become just as sinful as they (verse 11):
Close the box by gently pushing down on the lid. Take the backing off your sticky strip and gently squeeze the sides of the lid together before sticking down. It will be a little off (as shown) but that’s okay. We can hide this with embellishments!!
Interrogatory No. 2
Thank you for your love of music. When you sit at the piano playing Mozart, I can feel the music in your soul as it wraps itself around my heart.
We have fast food, most with drive-thrus so we don’t even have to step foot out of our cars; we have text messaging, nope phone calls take to long; we even have a nifty thing called spark-notes, so I don’t even have to read that college book for my AP Lang class.
What else? I like supporting small shops. I like supporting local people. I don't like the push and shove of the High Street. I love the feel of Dulverton in the run up to Christmas. Truly, it's magical.
lily: sharks aren't nice.
