I walked through the emergency room doors and up to the front desk, held up the Ziploc bag, and in my broken Spanish I said, "He cut his finger, and it is here in this bag."
Puppies, like any other pet, need to have adequate supplies that will enhance their growth. Shopping for your puppy and determining what supplies your pet needs is important because you don’t want to buy things that are not necessary. In addition, nor do you want to compromise your puppy’s safety by buying something that isn’t fit for them. Thus, buying the right type of puppy supplies is a really important decision to make.
I hope he looks back on this and remembers his first year wrestling with fond memories!
Its taken me all this time to think about what I value and believe in and how best to put that into single words.
Oh, puh-leeze. Dear media: please stop this nonsense. That’s just the stupidest thing ever. Obama is not gay so he is not our first gay president, just like Bill Clinton is not black and he was not our first black president. Y’all are being too cute by half. It was dumb then and it’s dumb now. Please hold off on the labels for the day when an actual gay man or woman is elected president of the United States. Which, considering they can’t even get married in most states, I’m not holding my breath over.
that the environment will suffer greatly if rare earth exploitation is not regulated.
To me that would indicate one of two things. Either the analysts, like economists, are really not very good at doing their jobs or else they don't really do the job at all and simply take the guidance the company provides and use that to forecast results.
I'm telling you now.
As you leave the harbour and pass the buoy?
The Franco-German Eurocopter has also joined the competition. A part of the EADS group, Eurocopter has already gained a foothold in the civilian market in Poland – Eurocopter sold 23 aircraft for the state operated Air Medical Emergency Service (Lotnicze Pogotowie Ratunkowe). Eurocopter could offer the Cougar (and possibly EC275 for the Naval and Air Force tenders).
Audience member: Don't you know any old numbers?
one topiary if you get far enough from it, one head of broccoli. Our eyeballs make walls
Want to spot the next great technology or business opportunity? Just look for any market that lacks a minimally complex solution to a sufficiently large problem.
FOOD AISLE FACE-OFF: Tune in to Diva TalkRadio – Diabetes Roundtable for food shopping advice and more! Hosted by the happy healthcare host, Mr. Divabetic http://www.blogtalkradio.com/divatalkradio1/2012/04/10/diabetes-roundtable-inspired-by-luther-vandross-vol2
Despite the “grunge” look the drink list was pretty expensive. I think every drink we bought was around $19. The drinks though were well worth the splurge because of the creative presentation and quality of the alcohol.
And that is how the polite gentleman from Cuba came to be installing my internet connection.
We invite any local schools who are planning school trips to join us for an educational day out in Bristol.
real butter
Please have a day that is not plagued by unpleasantness and wolf attacks.
You stand there with your arrogant walk and your jokes so fucking frail yet chubby,
I didn’t watch most of the game because I was so distracted. First, upon walking into the Stadium I was welcomed by the strong aroma of hotdogs. I hadn’t eaten at all before getting to the game so needless to say that’s all my mind was focused on until I practically swallowed a six-dollar dog whole.
So why do I have a problem with the advertising creative awards?
one can participate with actions, forms of approval & forms of rejection
Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi Reiterates His Support of Suicide Bombings and States: Women and Copts Are Allowed to Run for President in Egypt
So the Big Man is gone. Headed off down Thunder Road.
Hello Monday! Today is my Monday Mode! I’m going back to my regular routine posts little by little now I’ve posted quite a bit about our traveling in Vietnam. I hope you’re not tired of seeing so many photos from Vietnam since I still have some more posts about our Vietnam trip.
Image from High Hopes - coloured with mixture of promarkers and Spectrum Noir. Silver metal stars from stash.
Fazal Rizvi, Professor in Global Studies in Education at the University of Melbourne, says that even though south Asian parents are becoming more “eclectic in the choice of careers they recommend to their kids,” there are still many that push their children to choose a ‘prestigious’ occupation like medicine, engineering or law.
Dunkin’ Donuts Coffee Bag 11oz $1/1
Mark Twain said, “Quitting smoking is easy. I’ve done it a thousand times.” It is estimated that around 19 percent of people aged 15 and older are regular users of tobacco products in Canada. Worldwide, approximately 10 million cigarettes are purchased a minute, 15 billion are sold each day, and upwards of 5 trillion are produced and used on an annual basis. Holy Smokes!! Forty years have passed since the first landmark Surgeon General’s report on smoking and health. Yet, smoking remains the leading preventable cause of death in North America. Kicking the cigarette habit is a popular New Year’s resolution. But, even among those who actually attempt to follow through on their resolution, the majority will be smoking again by the time the next New Year’s Day rolls around.
Well, I have learnt my lesson – our living room looked like a blizzard had hit it after I decided making cars out of polystyrene, pencils and plasticine would be a great idea. No no, the little one decided painting and sticking things to the polystyrene was a lot less fun than breaking it up into little pieces to make it ‘snow’. Yes she gleefully ran around making snow showers until she wore herself out!
Removing the front may be the most difficult job. You need to turn the inside ring with your thumbs counterclockwise. It may be very sticky the first time this is done. I found that it wasn't so much the pressure you put on it (like opening a jar) as getting the proper angle of pressure. The first one I removed wouldn't budge, and then it just gave way, smooth as silk, when I found the sweet spot.
9. I'm starting to really enjoy cooking. I just need some new recipes. Got any you can share? Keep in mind that I don't do veggies. ;)
Let us put an end to substitutionism and return to Marx’s philosophy of “revolution in permanence” to create nonexploitative, non-sexist, non-racist, totally new human relations.
Having read this letter, Gustav Meyrink is annoyed. Another one, he thinks, who wants to make hinself interesting.
I have decided that it is time to honor my loyal fans, customers and followers! I thought the best way to do this is to have a giveaway!!!! I put together what I think is a GREAT assortment of items!
unite to become us
Big thanks to contributing artists Scrap Princess, Dave Minor, Melissa Richmond, Jez Gordon, Casteen O'Neill, and Ashe Rhyder!
When you listen to your heart you can begin to utilise your hearts spiritual intelligence, which is the innate loving wisdom of your heart. This is the deepest level of intelligence that supersedes both intellectual and emotional intelligence.
This leg of the trip would have been smooth sailing except for one hitch. I didn’t know that disembarking on my first flight meant a short bus trip to the terminal. We had arrived at 8:32PM and my boarding for the connecting flight was at 8:50PM. I thought I’d just saunter into the airport with enough time to take a few snaps but no. By the time I managed to get to the transfer area and go through security check, it was already 8:53PM! Dear God! I heard my name called three times! Stress! I ran all the way to the boarding gate only to discover that there was a bus waiting there to take the passengers to the plane. I went in with my head bowed, not making eye contact. It was embarrassing. But the important thing was that I managed to make it in the end. Whew.
How will you be wearing the trends this spring? What's your favorite look? Which do you think will be the easiest or hardest to wear?
Suddenly, all of these very ‘flowery’ and grand sounding research fields ‘War & Peace studies’, came through to me as a sham.
to have children with Prince Charles; and
reformat is back using another kind of software. In effect, I decided to install it in a CD. It gave me no error and everything went smooth.
The old hamster cage is out, replaced by a nice airy wire model, and he’s already explored every part of it. The Previous Hamster, or TPH, never wanted to go anywhere. Maybe he was a reincarnated middle-aged husband.
I didn’t. We were totally working class. The reason my books and clothes were in such pristine condition was because I’d been brought up to look after things.
Throughout my life I’ve had friends in therapy. I felt like it was some sort of club I didn’t really need, had no clue how to join, but had a morbid curiousity about. I wondered whether there could truly be a formula where peoples’ lives could be spoken – like puzzle pieces poured onto a table - and with a therapist’s presence, reflecting the words back upon the wounded one like a mirror, the puzzle would fit together and the person would emerge cured…
The children's book world is still reeling from the death of Maurice Sendak earlier this week. There have been some wonderful tributes online, such as these illustrations from noted artists in today's New York Times. Author Amy Goldman Koss shares her thoughts in an LA Times opinion piece. And my co-authors Julie Walker Danielson and Elizabeth Bird offered typically thoughtful remarks.
It's time for another new challenge here at Send a Smile 4 Kids and our theme is CAS (Clean and Simple) for Kids. Of course, CAS does not mean slap a couple stickers on a card and call it done. But it does mean you don't have to have many many layers or anything real complicated and kids will love the card, because YOU made it!
I sat there and watched my big face up on the big screen and marvelled, once again, at how far I've come and although I had arrived at the screening anonymous, as I made my way to the front with Julian to take questions, I became famous, an object, to one degree of another, of famousness, of celebrity, of the viewed. What's wonderful, at the place I am, is that I can then leave the screening and become anonymous again and slide out of SE1 on the Northern Line, Northbound, changing at Leicester Square.
Me: For me? (I swear, there wasn’t a hint of desperation in my voice)
This week, one of Aaron's jobs (our WWOOFer/intern this spring) has been to learn about making salves. Calendula, the flower, is especially soothing for lots of skin ailments. Things like itchy skin, mild wounds, diaper rash, chapped lips, dry, patchy skin, all respond well to calendula, and one of the better ways of preserving the flower for use later, is to make a salve.
I love his sense of humor.
Remember the present that you can’t seem to be able to handle anymore because you’re lost, because your experience made you wiser but wearier, because you’re too emotionally drained to handle your own messes?
Some of my esteemed subscribers have pointed out that my recent articles have been tinged with an effusive quality likely borne out of being happy as the proverbial Larry - whomever he might have been!
But NOW, there is a magazine that appeals to the snob in me: The Beer Connoisseur. But I think this magazine even outdoes me in the fine dining and serious travel. Finally a challenge. When it comes to fine dining, I love a place with a great beer menu. Mostly my adventures in Buffalo and Toronto were right up my alley. But BC has taken it to another level. In their second edition they of course had the Garrett Oliver spread, which makes sense as he's probably the guy who best mixes beer with fine dining. New York City will do that to you. But as I read the recipe for Terrine of Eel Filets "Au Vert" with Horseradish Cream, made with Hoegaarden, I knew these guys are NOT playing around.
Kiriakou first came to public attention in an interview with ABC News in December 2007 in which he became the first US official to describe how top Al-Qaeda operative Abu Zubaydah was subjected to waterboarding, a technique widely viewed as torture.
Doing a little web-surfing on my lunch break y'day, I hit upon a site for Cesar Milan, the Dog Whisperer. Great eye-opener. Reminder that humans and our canine buddies, much as we love each other, are partners hailing from different countries on the globe of evolution.
It is widely accepted that women should avoid all exposures to ionizing radiation in the periconceptional period, as well as during the gestation.
I might have been a tad bit sad.
Sophie: "No! I also thought it might launch a reality show that would be good publicity for my mom's hotel."
Your turn!
We are going to talk via IM tomorrow. I'm getting up early and getting online. Phone calls are so expensive internationally. Need to make a plan to get him back here and a way forward in our relationship and especially, his health. It's going to take some commitment from both of us. I will take him swimming and that will take a commitment from me.
the more wondrously beautiful the Christmas story is.....
When I lived in Pottsville (yes, the birthplace of Yuengling beer) they had a ball drop at the square. Actually, I don't remember if it was a ball or if it was something else. According to Wikipedia, they drop a bottle of Yuengling beer. I guess that's better than a 100-pound stick of Lebanon bologna like in Lebanon, PA. My first apartment was right below the square so I hosted a New Year's party for my family one year. That was the only time I ever braved the cold to see any type of countdown. Like most people, I do have embarrassing photos from New Year's parties I've attended. As you've probably guessed that was BK (before kids) and yes, there was usually alcohol involved.
The post consists of a 320kps rip taken from CD and includes the usual generic artwork typical of the 'Live Unapproved' series. This bootleg (or parts of it) have been released under other names: 'Always On The Run (Volume 1)' - 'Cold Turkey' - 'Flower Child' and 'If 6 was 9'.
However. Last week, my friend Jenna unearthed a passage of Salinger's that seems to suggest that my own personal Salinger might be a straw man, a literary boogeyman that serves to scare me into engaging with life even when it means facing criticism, unpredictability and "phonies." This passage -- from Seymour--An Introduction, a short story Salinger published in the New Yorker in 1959 -- suggests that Salinger might have more in common with me and my favorite writers than I thought. That in fact, he would have wanted to be remembered as we would like to be remembered when we die: as someone who did his best to live up to his potential as a writer -- and as a human being. (As Jenna puts it, "it's like he wrote his own epitaph.")
While rifling through some old papers of mine, I stumbled upon this – My artistic interpretation ( cough cough) of a line from “Jasper Jones” (Craig Silvey). I don’t mean to sell the book or anything, but I found it quite beautiful ( though I find everything beautiful …) despite it being centered around death. I can’t find the quote unfortunately since it was a loaned book but, to set the seen it a boy writing a love poem. “i’m glad you’re not a tree” in my opinion is one of the sweetest things someone could say – maybe im jsut a hopeless romantic. *sigh*
Anyway, enough of the Ginger Beer, unless of course anyone out there has anything else of interest to us Ginger Beer fans.
(one of our engagement photos)
Suppose all other commodities are considered non-essential, and are therefore banned from being advertised. Who is to arbitrate advertising for the remaining four categories? What sort of food is really needed? Do we need chicken, beef, or caviare? Do we need Pringles, or KFC? What clothing do we really require? Do we ban warm winter-wear from being advertised in warm places, or in summer? Or must we really switch to a model where there exists only provider of any product or service, so there's no need to promote anything over anything else? *cough1984cough*
Hello! Can anyone hear me? I don’t want to stay in here anymore! Anybody?
SH: But what if I get too warm?
Opening image: Liz confronting Shaun in the Winchester, about how he always brings Ed around when she wants to be spending time alone, and that he never takes her anyplace new.
and then, we killed the queen bee. and the reality of what is to come seemed to hit home. heightened safety alerts, anticipated threats of retaliation. these words are not comforting. i'm pretty sure they aren't meant to be.
Watch this show! It is fun to see him tear the places apart!
Once upon Amatikulu Beach one of my favourite restauranteurs, the personable and delightfully mad Bill Bud (he of Gringo's and Legends fame), had a prawn braai with a prawn farm owner, the local leader of a community fishing camp and a farmer. After numerous bottles of wine and rather alot of prawns someone suggested that what Nkwazi fishing camp needed was a restaurant. One hundred percent local material and effort have resulted in a unique all-day-lazy-lunch venue where a mid-lunch stroll to the lagoon is compulsory and where a sign telling you just how much to bribe the barman (in order to let you linger longer) hangs right next to the bar.
“Can a court convict somebody with a criminal offence when there are civil charges against him?”
According to Oregon law (ORS 811.705), drivers are required to remain at the scene if anyone is injured. If a driver does not do this, they can have criminal charges brought against them once they are found.
“Wait, what?” I said, hurrying to catch up. “The rest of us? The rest of us what?”
The American Ad Council “Crash Test Dummies” seat-belt ad:
Photo credit-Teergit.com.
I’m from stubborn bordering on obstinate, from wanderlust and gardening and the deep breathing in of a fall morning scented with apple pie. I’m from the tooth fairy won’t give you anything until I get that tooth, Santa doesn’t give children Xerox machines, you can’t watch TV until you play outside for at least an hour, don’t scuff your shoes, you won’t always be bigger than your brother so you better be nice, your face is going to freeze like that, don’t hit your sister, we’re going to Disneyland. I’m from surprise pancakes when I wake, Mary Poppins, The Wizard of Oz, a moving truck pointed to adventure, lemon drops in the kitchen drawer, a swipe of icing on my birthday, an evergreen growing bigger than the house already, and licking cherry cake batter from a spoon by my mother’s elbow. I’m from a visit to Helen down the street (she always gave candy!), Chinese checkers with Dad, and Dad playing The Good, The Bad & The Ugly on the stereo to make the dog howl.
As unemployment continues to blight the lives of millions, Britains biggest private sector employer is taking on staff for free.Tesco's claim that 1,400 people have worked their in past 4 months without pay. Only 300 got a job. This is outrageous, but this kind of thing happens it seems under tory led governments. In reality, workfare is part of the governments welfare to work 'experience' programme in which they force the unfortunate who happen to be claiming JSA to work to work full-time stacking shelves at profiteering superstores. They do however get a bus fare thrown in. No wage, doing the same work as someone else who gets paid. It's the start of a dangerous slippery slope.
I spent my nights studying for the next day
Anyway, all this investigating and reporting including preparation and interviewing local residences (which I haven’t done before) made me feel like a real journalist. I was given a task, I prepared for the task, I went to an area where I have never been before, I started digging up information, interviewing people and try to find more information. Also, I had to cross-check the facts people gave me and see if the story is true or not, which also wasn’t very easy.
Gift Cards will help provide presents to all children that will attend
2/3 cup applesauce
Round 3: Ch 3. *2 dc in next dc, dc in next dc, repeat from * around. (30 dc) Join to top ch of ch 3.
Pours a hazy orange with a huge, foamy white head, three fingers thick, dissipating to a finger of lacing foam. Sugary, resiny nose with toffee and caramel. Mild vaporous alcohol and a touch of residual hops, but not much present.
The anti-everything movie for the nuclear age – quite unlike any other film of its type up to that time. In many ways this is an anti-Noir in the sense that it seems to fly in the face of every conceivable convention – even the opening titles scroll in the wrong direction! It takes Mickey Spillaine’s eponymous Mike Hammer potboiler and then undercuts it – Ralph Meeker plays Hammer as a truly sleazy sociopath with a callous disregard for friends and foes alike. This proved to be enormously influential, the climactic sequence with the opening of the ‘Pandora’s Box’ directly referenced at the climax of Raiders of the Lost Ark, even to the extent of re-using the same sound effects, as well as Tarantino’s Pulp Fictionand David Lynch’s Lost Highway. A horrible story full of awful people, brilliantly and cynically realised. From the novel by Mickey Spillaine.
i want to give my viewers more i just don't know how.
It’s also the day after the Taylor’s University Annual Ball where I had returned home at 2.30 am! I know I’m not on top form on this day and I looked and felt completely stoned. Even Levin professes to be fearful of me as I’m not my usual self. However I am only exhausted, not moody.
We’ve already learnt that Phryne is the single most enlightened woman in the 1920s, but tonight her and Jack were completely understanding of the plight of the hermaphrodite trying to get money for an operation. I doubt two detectives today could deal with this situation as earnestly and as polite as these two supposed humans living in the 20s did. These two have never met a minority that they couldn’t empathise with. I’m not saying that I want these two to be bigots or anything, but they are white people in 1920s Melbourne; one’s a police officer and the other is a wealthy woman with plenty of servants. But they’re not her servants are they? They’re her best friends. I understand that this is bit of fun froth but why set the show in the 1920s if you’re going to treat everybody as if they’re living in some weird utopia that doesn’t even exist today?
JP Roszell works with business owners who have the burning desire to take their business to the next level – whether it’s past the energy-draining and cash-consuming start up phase (which can last for years) or to the level where profitable growth takes place without the owner’s personal day-to-day involvement. JP knows what it takes, and invites you to contact him (no obligation) to discuss your challenges.
a warning to all, especially women
Brugge Brasserie White 4.5%
We bought a rabbit from the butcher's yesterday. Well, it was going to be a whole one but he only had a half left. Nevertheless, this thing must have been an absolute beast in life. It would have been a brave fox that dared to meddle with it. Hell, looking at the size of the thing, I'd have been scared if it had been bearing down on me.
The Lady: Harassed? For doing what?
Like what you see here? Consider becoming a follower or subscribe via email! Are you an Organized Reader? I'd love to see your organized space. Email me HERE and show me your space to possibly be featured as one of my Organized Readers.
My own partner for several years reviewed books for national newspapers. Her name never appeared on a byline once, yet, she read and reviewed some of the most important works of fiction published in Ireland and the UK over the past twenty years. She has no formal journalistic or academic qualification. Her forte is that she is an avid reader and devours books. She happened to know several 'reviewers' who decided that their time would be better served if she read the advance review copies of books to be published and report back to the national newspaper reviewer. At times, she was paid a modest fee, other times, more often, the pleasure for her was a descent read and a free book. I think the common reader of reviews would be appalled at this practice which was, and still remains a common practice for national book reviewers. I've actually no problem with a reviewer who uses this method to reduce the constant slush pile, but to 'review' a book without ever having read it themselves it unbelievable.
=drinking 3 full bottles of water a day (72oz)
It’s real fool check the big bad Mo
Flattr is the closest thing to the realization of a thought many of us have had for years. That thought is, “If I could budget to support all of the things I like online in one place like I do with my phone or cable or magazine subscriptions, I would do it in a heartbeat.”
Life long learning. Define me and I shall redefine me. (: This is my another reality. A place for the little voice in me. Dream and believe. Feel and live. To anyone and everyone. Hi strangers, welcome to my world.(: ME, MYSELF and I. Current, Family business Music and sound engineering Graduate from NAFA, Nanyang Academy of Fine Arts Diploma in Fine Arts, 2010
Happy Happy Birthday! I'm turning 41 next week! Enjoy your 30's! Thanks for the Great giveaway!
You see, the “blessings” in the Beatitudes are intended to be real blessings for the here and now. Jesus says “blessed ARE . . .” This is a manifesto to all Christians to go out and bless others. These blessings will be fully realized in the kingdom to come, but the kingdom is already arriving, and we, the Church, are its blessed citizens.
winter leaves
Mark your calendars for Wednesdays at 9am U.S. Central Standard Time for great Christmas gift, card and project ideas, starting at the JustRite Inspiration blog! This week, it's the Spellbinders™ Design Team!
Southern Star Double Dry Hopped Pro-Am Cascadian Dark Ale
“Best pizza ever! I grew up in the valley and there is no where here in south florida to get pizza like that.” (Ft. Lauderdale, FL)
People I know, people I call friends (people who I have met in real life, compared to my dear on-line friends) included, post stuff on blogs, social network sites and they send me messages. The blogs and posts I try to read them all. I click the like button so they know I’ve been around. But often it’s becoming too hard to write a decent reply. E-mails go unanswered for some days. I feel guilty because of my “lack of interest”. But it isn’t that. I know that. I know it’s my mental health screwing me to feel this way. I already feel bad about myself and due to my behavior caused by my depression, I feel like the worst friend ever… Which only causes me to stay in my downward spiral…
And pushed past them plain-faced strangers of the liquor store
Also, a special thanks to Heidi for bringing this trailer to my attention. I have been uber busy at work and haven't been paying attention especially with what has been going on with this series. Lovin' me some bed breaking action ...Rawr!!! There is also a promise of plentty of feathers, ladies!!! (*Squee!!*) LOL Can't wait!!
And Joe used to get very frustrated as I had to keep saying no to him. I just could not believe what he wanted me to do. He’d lean over while we were watching TV and grope me. That’s not how married couples behave.
But she has three fantastic roommates (best friends or her worst nightmare?) and a wholesome California-girl reputation (oops) and brains and beauty and big, big dreams.
I called my daughter to see what was going on. She basically said, that the boyfriend was going along with Mom. Mom also has the 9 week old baby at her trailer and won't let my daughter see her own baby.
Have you rehabbed any everyday item lately?
Jason X (2002)- So that is X as in 10 and X as in "the unknown" and both apply equally to this film. This film is set first in 2010 where Jason is being frozen in cryostasis. This film introduces a concept that would become very important to the film that followed, the idea that Jason has super cellular regeneration powers (and yet is stuck as a rotting corpse?). Jason kills some people and gets frozen, bringing a scientist chick with him. Fast forward to 2455, a field trip to the now dead Earth involving college students and SPACE MARINES, brings Jason into the future where nanites turn him into a cyborg Jason for the film's final act. Scriptwriter Todd Farmer, who also penned My Bloody Valentine 3-D and Drive Angry pulls out the Aliens goodies with Space Marines, Cyborgs, and a Gynoid. This film is fun to watch, just don't overthink it.
probably wasn’t much of a poet anyhow), drank to the point
I’m a martial artist first a runner second… Sundays are very special for me. After a week of sharing my dojo with students,staff, and visitors, I get to have the floor to myself!
Is NASA’s aeronautics research misdirected and irrelevant, or is it the victim of its own success in producing meaningful results despite insignificant funding? And does a commercial aerospace industry with record orderbooks even need government R&D support?
Although my Thanksgiving day was work-filled and I didn't get to share a piece of juicy turkey with my family this year, I still have quite a lot to be thankful for.
You’d think that since I do some of both for a living, I’d be really clear on the distinction between copy-editing and proofreading. I am in theory, but inevitably if you’re officially doing one you will do a bit of the other too. Copy-editors will remove typos and proofreaders will spot tiny plotholes remaining in the text. It’s a bit like having two people clean the same patch of floor, with the expectation that the second one is going to find a lot less muck but there’s bound to be something that the first one missed.
And welcome to Friday.
I also snorkeled in the private reserve in Aulani's water park area. It's small, but stocked with fish from around the islands. Far more than I've seen on many a snorkeling trip and great fun at feeding time, when I could swim through swarming schools of fish and feel their swift movements in the water all around me.
The clear canisters are OXO POP Canisters. I originally wanted pretty circular glass ones, but I could't find any that were airtight. Plus my pantry isn't very big and circular canisters aren't the best use of space. I love these OXO ones though, they have a button on top that you press to take the lid off, then you press it again to seal it closed. Plus they're stackable and the seal matches my stencil color (very important!) I bought mine HERE on Amazon...
I am so excited by the news that Harry Kewell is finally down under and has signed with Melbourne Victory for three years!
Crestview Mayor David Cadle has fired Mitchell and Floyd. Mitchell has filed a grievance and is seeking reinstatement. read more…
Prose Poems by Kahlil Gibran
Here is the new rule:
1 jumped
Whatever the reason for the disparity, a quick survey of the top of the heap suggests that computer know-how has led the way to fame and fortune on the Internet. Jeff Bezos, Mark Zuckerberg, Sergey Brin, Larry Page–all of these men started their wildly popular sites with some serious technical knowledge.
A look at the upcoming conference is also revealing. The scheduled keynote speakers include Obama's staunchly anti-Israel NSA General James Jones, and two US senators not exactly noted for their pro-Israel bonifides ( John Kerry and Chuck Hagel, who's rumored to be Obama's next SecDef).
Finally, a new addition to this set is “Krzysztof Kieslowski: I’m So-So,” a 55-minute documentary made in 1995 shortly after he retired from filmmaking. He talks about his life and films. As always, Kieslowski speaks eloquently and thoughtfully about a variety of topics in this fascinating portrait.
The picture is from the kids first school dance a couple of weeks ago. And here's my crazy Beans. She had a blast at the dance, can't you tell????
Doily
Now where do we disagree? Well, I think it’s a bad idea for a man to submit to casual sex with a woman who is unable or unwilling to set boundaries and have a Christian goal for the relationship. I think that casual sex is an inappropriate technique that some women use to make men love them without demonstrating that she really understands him or wants to help him. Sometimes this is done inadvertently because the woman has never learned how to deal with men appropriately, but sometimes it’s done deliberately.
But I hated this book.
What I like: Raleigh the courtier, the bringer of tobacco, the adventurer--these are the usual pictures we have of him. But Raleigh the yearning, passionate man of faith? Poetry reveals things about the poet and this showed me a man who felt the beauty of the soul at the deepest level and was prepared to sacrifice himself for his beliefs.
I do not know the outcome, but I do know it is already done!
02. Intro (1:08)
In fact, after the initial flurry, the horizontal cork squares rapidly became the more popular, which was a little frustrating to me given that I'd envisioned a fully covered large bulletin board. I thought its would look pretty cool, all fluttery and colorful. In fact, only a couple kids stuck with the vertical board while the others fell on the horizontal ones, some even objecting when I said they weren't "take home" art.
What do you like best about the blogs you read? Have you tried to replicate this in your blog? I love all of the different personalities out there. I do try to make sure my blog is me...which is harder than you would think...how does someone put their whole soul into one website, one blog?
tumbling head over heels. He sits up and sees a
and although deeply in pain, he begins to relax… and she says:
Atlanta Braves - (PhaLe28 - Payment in Mail)
Importance in Astronomy and Astrology
After inhaling Alaska, I ran back to the library and picked up another of his novels entitled Paper Towns. Gobbled it. Loved it. Next!
And also, logging the body count.
we've had a lazy morning at home in pj's eating waffles and strawberries;
Melt butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Add red pepper flakes, mint for garnish.
Box 9:
After a rich time of midday prayers and a lunch of rice & beans, bread, Boursin, and applesauce, my aunt and I decided to try out the singing practice at 2:00. She was not a singer any more than I was, but we were eager learners and I thought I might learn a bit more about the songs in other languages. We entered the workshop space and found a luminous Nordic girl— 20 or so, with braided pigtails— standing in the front of the room calling out “Altos here, sopranos over here.” I froze. The blurb in the welcome sheet had made this sound like it was a come-one-come-all affair. Now I suspected it was going to be more along the lines of a professional choir rehearsal.
And here they were, Tom and E@L pulling up at Henschke first up as this famous vineyard (Hill Of Grace, up there with Grange) only opens its Cellar in the morning. And even though it was only a whisper after 10am, they were not quite the first ones to start to sample the fare. An older couple (not much older E@L thinks back on it now) have moved already to the reds.
my daughter playing sweetly with the rest of her class (and the preschool minister) on a parachute game.
KARACHI – In another bank robbery, millions of rupees were looted by armed dacoits on Tuesday.
Red chilli powder – 1/2 teaspoon
In 2001, after some foot-dragging by the newly image-conscious Pakistani Government, they finally issued Fakhra a passport. Ms. Tehmina Durrani then helped Fakhra to move to Rome where, over the next 11 years, she underwent 39 major operations.
3. If you do land a legacy deal, it will take 6 to 18 months before that book is for sale.
Fiction Has to Be More Logical than Reality
Our sponsor for this challenge is the ever talented Melissa Jenkins of.....
I'm not telling you this story so you can think I'm some sort of hero, 'cause I'm not.
Of course I recognize the benefits of closed storage but I think you need a mix of both open and closed storage to make things more accessible for the little ones. For me that means a mix of drawers, shelves bins and baskets.
But, the big show of "co- operation", perhaps not what it seemed. Even though they taped their possessions in huge bundles, many were taped to the concrete berms in the park, to the trees, to anything stationary.
Another question that is difficult to answer. If I leave anyone out, I'm sure that I'll cause offense. So, here's the shortlist (living and dead combined) of what would be a veeeeeeeeeeeeery longlist: first of all, I would invite my family (including in-laws, of course) and friends. Then, Virgilio Piñera, Alberto Pedro, Maria Luisa Bemberg, Tomás Gutiérrez Alea, Chico Buarque, Elis Regina, Mario Benedetti, Mercedes Sosa, Guillermo Cabrera Infante, Beny Moré, Lázaro Ros, Silvio Rodríguez, Pablo Milanés, Santiaguito Feliú, Sor Juana Inéz de la Cruz, Nicolás Guillén, Gigi (the Ethiopian singer), Susheela Raman, Lila Downs, Nelson Mandela, Aziza Mustafa Zadeh, Margaret Atwood, Salman Rushdie, Hanif Kureishi, Leonard Cohen, Tom Waits, Rachelle Ferrell, Fiona Apple, Ben Webster, Art Tatum, Oscar Peterson, Freddie Mercury, Beverley Knight, a few fellow bloggers who are regular of this parish, Gandhi, Martin Luther King, Maya Angelou, Malcolm X... the list goes on. That would be a hell of a party, I can assure you.
you have x things. so what?
The second inaccuracy is the continued assertion that Chindamo was still considered a threat back in 2007, not just repeated in the Sun's article and its leader comment, but also in the Telegraph. It's true that in the Home Office's submission to the immigration tribunal it says that "the appellant’s crime is of such severity that he will always continue to be a threat to the community such that his release on licence would be on the basis that he might be recalled to prison at any moment for any breach of his conditions". This however is the regime which all those sentenced to life in prison find themselves under when they are released on parole; they are on licence for the rest of their lives and any breach of their conditions, if considered serious enough, results in their instant return to prison. The other parts of the paragraph which are less willingly recalled directly contradict the claim that he still poses a threat:In the revised reasons for deportation letter it is noted that it is unlikely that the appellant will re-offend, and that he accepts his responsibility for his offences and has undertaken courses for anger management
I'm trying very hard to be more appreciative and some of these things are working. I'll talk about flowers in my next post. The praise isn't working so well with most of my efforts being brushed off - so obviously I'm doing it all wrong.
Throughout U.S. history there are certain years that have registered, for one reason or another, reasons usually derived from excessive tumult, as more significant years than others. These are years that great historians of the day dedicate entire books to. These years, and the events that took place within them, are deeply woven in to tapestry of Americana, into who and what we are.
“We’ll have you come down to the station tomorrow morning to get a full statement from you, so that you can get some rest…” Detective Harris explains.
It is my head and heart I heed
A la prochaine...
It was clear that there was no easy way to get through this one, so I just said, "fuck it."
“Oh, a Greyhound. Congratulations. They are the best dogs.”
There is no doubt we all have different shopping lists, numbers of mouths to feed, dietary requirements and restrictions. There will also be plus points with some of us producing some food in the backyard. This could be anything from fruit, vegetables and eggs like us, to milk and cheese for some, and beef, chicken, lamb, fish or honey for others. The aim here is to work together to understand YOUR particular needs for your unique family - or if you're a single person, for yourself. Your aim might be to check your budget figures, or to write a budget for the first time and check the grocery part of it for accuracy, or to change how you shop - it should be anything. It will be different for all of us. There is no pressure, no common goal to reach. It's all an exercise on working out what we're spending each week on groceries and the making sure we're get the best value for our dollars, pounds and eruos.
1 quart buttermilk
Hi there! Welcome to Luv Scrapping Together!
My friend Mike keeps a close eye on political developments and he has just sent me an analysis of Mr Osborne's recent proposal to make savage cuts to improve the health of the economy. It seems that the British Medical Association has taken a survey of doctor's opinions on this therapy, and since this column is called 'A Doctor's View' I thought I should pass these opinions on, even if they make you cringe.
"The Rooster” then presents the evidence using the question-and-answer approach. He starts off with Question 1: Are there even 3000 names on the list?
Three spoons of coffee, boiling water, two spoons of condensed milk.
This will no doubt rate as another stunningly boring post in the history of this blog but what the heck...
I think I’m not used to being out of the hospital and schlepping around. I did a lot of that in the last couple of days at my sisters.
The unspoken silence is deafening. But I still listen.
her beauty becomes
There are lots of good Scottish sayings and one I find would serve me well in my writing is, "say but little and say it well." For more Scottish wisdom, see a longer list here or here.
We will begin accepting applications for this Fellowship on April 1, 2012, with the deadline for applications on July 31, 2012.
Meanwhile people keep asking if she has learned to walk yet. Ironically, she took her first steps several weeks ago but hasn’t progressed beyond several steps at a time. Most of the time, she prefers knees all the way. So we answer, “Well yes, errr, just a bit, kind of, she’s really do more knee walking....”
We, the reader, do not transform the words on the page of Scripture into God's word when it suits us, or when they 'speak to me'. The nature of Scripture is such that contact with Scripture will change the one who loves it. I like this bit, reading Scripture as one who does not love it will not result in change, there is an appropriate way to read, to approach Scripture. The lover of Scripture is transformed by it.
It packs a lot of flavor on its own, but is also a great accompaniment to fruit for the summer. Plus, it's absolutely easy to make, leaving extra time on your hands. You know, time to think about why you forget things all the time. Hmm. I forgot.
I’ve learnt a lot of things from being in Japan. I’ve learnt how I would fare if I, by myself, went to a completely foreign country. I’ve learnt a lot of Japanese, obviously, but I’ve also learnt a thing or two about coping with foreign culture. I purposefully use the word “coping”, because that’s exactly what it feels like sometimes. Learning foreign culture is one thing, but actually reacting naturally to it is something else. Some aspects of foreign culture can seem quite irritating, because these aspects differ from how one would do things. It can be anything from constantly acting polite and therefore wasting time(at least in my opinion) to making loud slurping noises while eating ramen noodles. The first thing is one of the most basic things about Japanese culture. Being polite is actually incorporated into the language itself, so every verb and adjective has a formal and informal conjugation system. The part about slurping is not only a way of showing that you enjoy your food, but also a way for cooling down the noodles before they enter your mouth hot as hell. So as for foreign culture, I’ve learnt that there are usually explanations for certain behaviors, and if there isn’t, just accept it for what it is. This, of course, does not only go for foreign culture, but also people on an individual basis. Quite a useful, and politically correct, lesson, really.
Organized is the new rich. Or tan. Or maybe the new skinny. However you look at it, we want to be organized, and we want it bad. We’re no longer satisfied with knowing where stuff is, we’re looking for a new level of in-your-face, extreme organization that will make us the envy of our friends. We want our clutter so creatively and lovingly contained it ceases to be junk, and become treasure. We want every last possession in a basket, a tub, a bin, a repurposed bucket, or a mason jar, and there should be no rest until it is done.
*I had the flu.
LEBANON, Mo. – Parents at an Ozarks school district say their kids are being discriminated against because they have disabilities.
This week I used Paper Pretties Smile Monkey stamp set to create my card. There are flowers in the image itself and there are also flowers on my designer paper.
True narcissists are more problematic, as helping them often involves delving deeper into the psyche. Underneath the bravado and attention-seeking, they are not all that self-confident or sure of themselves. Rather, they suffer with intense feelings of inadequacy with which their audience helps them cope. Because lack of self-confidence is not often a trait of successful executives, it is imperative that these feelings be hidden from peers, subordinates and coaches. The narcissist will find negative feedback demoralizing and exhibit emotional responses based upon the perceived challenges to his or her personality. Much coaching work will revolve around helping the narcissist resolve internal conflicts and regain the approval of his or her 'audience.'
Pour in the rest of the crumbly mixture. Mix that well, with either a paddle attachment, or a spatula. Or continue to use the whisk; it won't make much of a difference, since the resulting batter is very runny.
And what an album. “Locust Sounds” by rockers Reykjavík!, don’t forget the exclamation mark to avoid confusion with Iceland’s capital city. Without any doubt the best album artwork I saw this year. While lying in my bath @ home, I was having my private listening party in a small Belgian hot tub. Finally Reykjavík! made their grown-up, mature record. Although the 2 previous kids, “Glacial Landscapes, Religion, Oppression & Alcohol”(2006) and “The BLOOD” (2009), were not ugly @ all. Say the rise of Reykjavik! 2.0. Or Ride is having a cozy but loud barbecue with I Adapt & Gavin Portland in the backyard, while some family & friends (Mugison e.g.) are providing the extra meat & beer. Great vocals, noisy guitars, banging drums: this is Rokk i Reykjavík - The Revenge. Certain one of the best records made in Iceland this year. Need I say more? Yes, I love the track titles. My favorite track is “Nurse, please”, of course ;-).
All of your entries have so many incredible qualities! We loved seeing all of your angels, fairies, birds, butterflies, ducks, dragons, owls, bees, airplanes, swans, ladybugs, dragonflies, and yes, even a steampunk blimp!!! If I HAVE to pick ONLY THREE then:
Did I decide to keep the shirt and use it to create other items that I could still wear and use? Why yes I did!
“Is there any solution to the ongoing BT brinjal controversy? Do we really need BT modified crops? These and other questions are being debated by farmers, food experts, politicians and multinationals. The proponents of BT brinjal say that it will herald a second green revolution. But the opponents argue that India can manage without modified crops because some farmers in Karnataka villages already practice community seed banks.
X.
Keep cost down while increasing what you bring in... but I'll give you 14-21 day... if you Execute as directed
There are moves, reported in our last newsletter, to launch a Gold Backed Amero to replace the US dollar. However, a different faction is still pushing for a Gold backed Treasury dollar controlled by the Congress. There is no conclusion to this fight but the turmoil is expected to intensify as the September 31 US fiscal year end approaches.
I would've handed over a big wad of cash for a pair of dry gloves. My gloves were completely soaked, but when Shanda took her wet gloves off, she said it was worse, so I just left them on.
It probably sounds terrible to say, but you disregard so much music even if it’s good because there is just so much out there. If I do a music request for a certain thing, I could get 100-200 songs easily, as long as it’s not some kind of niche request. As for the singer-songwriter stuff, I could get three million songs. It’s so hard to stand out from that crowd, you really have to work your relationship with the music supervisor, be really accommodating of fees, of rights, have all your stuff in check. People that are getting back to me really quickly, I go back to them. Artists are often on the road, travelling, so that’s why I often deal with music brokers. The artists are off touring, playing gigs, recording, being busy musicians; In TV, there’s such a requirement for a quick turnaround. The replacement of a song in one day, you’re at a mix, and someone says “Hey we want to change this end-montage song.” You have to be able to find that song in that day, clear it, license it and then have it air next week. You have to have someone who is capable of being there and always in contact with you, to get those documents, those licenses back to you. Having great music only gets you so far, you have to have your business affairs in check. Either yourself, or someone you trust to be representing you.
Insufficient progress has been made towards multilingualization. Unresolved
But no, I'm not breaking
May God rebuke him, we humbly pray;
And…I’m beat. But my writing life is thriving and I’m simply so grateful for that. I have more work ahead of me still and I’m grateful for that. I want to keep building this business and keeping my head above water as much as possible, but the beauty of being a freelancer just starting out is that as my work blossoms I will be able to take on more projects I want to do and love to do and fewer that I have to do to make money freelancing.
Now my own theory of the positive effect of the post-run brew is the alcohol in beer tends to mask post run soreness, so it feels better to drink beer after a long run, even though if anything, it is slightly worse for you than water or electrolytic drinks. But perhaps the mental reward of a beer after a long hard run makes the overall experience more pleasurable, and makes you want to do it again, so beer could be in fact a training aid. You could probably say the same thing about a bowl of ice cream after a run as you could about a beer.
When it comes to reading I enjoy sampling from a variety of genres. Fantasy, science fiction, horror, realistic or historical fiction, classical literature, a bit of non-fiction here and there, the occasional Hercule Poirot murder mystery, even (but very rarely) romance when I’m feeling particularly emotional – as long as the story is enjoyable, the characters are relatable and the writing is decent, I’m usually interested.
1) Pray Over The Choice
While I lost a bit of confidence in the plot when Rafferty goes after Murphy, the story never descends into amateur-turned-superspy territory (thankfully), and the other aspects of the book are compelling enough to pull the reader totally in. Id appreciate any comments on the earlier novels in the series. In my experience, starting with the 11th isn't a problem because Hallinan does a good job of letting the reader know what's important about what's gone before without recapping unnecessary detail, does the series as a whole hold up well enough to send a reader like me back to the beginning?
We made frequent visits to our Indian restaurant around the corner, the odd walk around the shopping malls, and had a chance to catch up on our blogging and do some school work with the kids.
It was a late start on Saturday, myself and my wife didn’t get up until after 10am but for reasons unknown. We weren’t out the night before, we didn’t stay up particularly late, so the late start was a bit of a mystery, maybe just because it was a Saturday. It’s raining outside.
The market already bet America Movil would skirt the fine, with its shares closing on Wednesday at their highest since February 2011, before the first mention of the fine and concerns of a regulatory crackdown spurred a slump in the stock. Federal competition commission Cofeco had slapped America Movil’s Telcel with the record sanction in April 2011 after ruling the company charged excessive prices to wireless and wireline competitors to connect to its network.
Dan and Ben posing with their nurf guns…the boys had some fun shooting each other and getting nurf darts everywhere.
Ana Gloria Pocasangre de Barrera, 49, San Salvador, El Salvador
‘Routine’ almost sounds like a dirty word for most of us. It may often sap out our life in our work day, steal away our motivation to think better and perform better. But the effects of routines for better or for worse are a choice.
If not as steady, and
The German shepherd went back to his owners, and my husband grew up with other dogs; a bloodhound, a boxer. But none replaced the German shepherd in his imagination or affections.
Forcefully walking windward
I don't think I'll get the chance to see him alive again, although he has given up smoking dope and drinks in 'relative moderation'. On the other hand his description of a typical day back home in his Irish cottage doesn't sound too healthy. Up to devour a healthy Irish breakfast and then an afternoon in the pub before wheeling home for a slap up dinner replete with the finest wines known to mankind.
AC: Is the food cooked at school or off-campus?
1 ½ cups warm water
pod called Calanus, was not as plentiful, while the preferred prey of sperm whales, squid, flourished.
**last holy week, I went back to completed the trails. Ill find time to write about it soon.
flat bread
"But--why can't I just go ALL blond--you know with highlights and lowlights and.."
We made an easy mini pull string pinata out of a empty cracker box. We decoupaged the box by gluing tissue paper onto the box. I find it is the fastest way of covering a printed surface. Water down glue and have the kids rip up some tissue paper. Use a foam brush or large craft brush to apply the glue. Make sure you leave the bottom open. When dry enough to handle and still fold flaps, punch holes along the flaps. Thread long strips of ribbon through the holes. Secure one ribbon tightly to the inside of the flap. This is the ribbon that will open the pinata. The others will just slide out when pulled. Once the ribbons are attached, fill with small toys or candy, then fold the flaps to the closed position. Glue two piece of tissue paper to secure flaps (or tape.) Make sure you don't make it too hard to open. Let dry.
Is this a glimpse of what lies ahead for South Africa? It probably is the most accurate indicator of things to come in South Africa.
Buy Rail Passes Before Arrival
5. “Ringer” is morphing into a typical CW show about kids: scheming high school kid, dead kid, brutally beaten kids and an adult acting like a kid.
The old glory days in Argentina are long gone. How I would have loved to be here in the 40s when you could choose which fabulous orchestra to dance to every night; when folks dressed to the nines and men had to have polished shoes and a coat and tie to enter a milonga, when life--and the language--was more polite and formal.
Which leads to my major truth: People who never tried drugs are, well, weird. It's a natural human inclination to want to try things that seem fun, and I've never met a human being who didn't want to seek oblivion in one form or another. People who don't have that need aren't stupid or evil, they're just kind of odd.
* Natural Blondes – 3
Many of us who love a prodigal are like the walking wounded, totally overwhelmed and dealing with discouragement. Don’t misunderstand me. I know some, probably many, of those wounds are valid. However, I wonder if we don’t sometimes inflict wounds on ourselves. Martha was like that, and I can identify with her because it’s easy for me to work or worry myself into a frenzy and then resent the people who don’t seem as worried as I am. Can’t they see how hard I’m struggling? Don’t they know how difficult my path is? Martha complained to Jesus that Mary wasn’t doing her part. But who told Martha she or anyone else had to do it all? She made that choice herself, and Jesus gently reminded her that she had not made the better choice.
London is of course one of the world's great cities, and tantalisingly close, as I can easily get from my front door to any front door in London in under five hours. But I never have enough time when I'm there. For my three-day visit over the Easter break I took a decision to snag myself firmly on one horn of the traveller's dilemma and devote my trip to new experiences only. Sorry The Harp, sorry The Euston Tap, sorry The White Horse Parson's Green, The Rake and The Jerusalem Tavern: you guys sit tight, I'll be back in a bit.
At this point, the day had provided almost all for which I'd hoped... almost. I slowly worked my way north along Milton Road, and then west along Smith Road, looking toward the edge of Mer Bleue in the hope of spotting a sandhill crane or a northern harrier. A herd of fifteen white-tail deer fed in the fields closest to the trees, and geese lifted their heads from the dried stalks of last year's corn. But today the cranes and harriers escaped me, although I heard from a greying, fellow watcher that he'd heard the rattle of cranes overhead in the mist in the morning -- presumably heading off somewhere into the fens.
She sent some necklaces that are made from beach glass. With the kind of charms on them that just fit me.
My dream for this area is for it to be clutter free and STAY THAT WAY. I have cleared it several times and it always goes back to this awful mess. I would like to store the laptop there and have the rest of the counter top clear.
Despite losing Ethan, the bands popularity and fan base began to grow, but eventually Chris became to busy for the band, and announced that he would be backing out of Glorious Rebellion, after he had been with them for only less than a year. The band quickly started looking for a new vocalist, and were recommend by a friend to try out the now current singer, Brook Voils. At first, the rest of the members frowned upon the idea of a female vocalist, be decided to invite her to a practice anyway. They were blown away by her talent and enthusiasm and quickly asked her to join. At Chris' last show, Brook performed one song with Glorious Rebellion to preview what the future held for the band. Upon Brook's joining of GR, they made yet another genre change, this time to a more powerpop/happy hardcore sound with fast paced songs, syncopated breakdowns, and catchy lyrics.
When I watched “Charade” for the first time, I fell in love with Cary Grant. Released in 1963, this comedy/suspense film is often dubbed “the best Hitchcock film that Hitchcock never made.” In actuality, it was directed by Stanley Donen.
So while I've considered them fun, I've never done them regularly.
sinking friendships
- Ah hove san many a few palls keelt in a math-lob act-splosion! – Went Party Time, lamentingly.
Miles 1-11
Darby is finally enjoying being at school with all that school has to offer. The reason I have been feeling tormented is because I don't want this to change. There is a very real possibility that this week of NAPLAN testing may send him backwards in regards to his confidence and resilience. That just going through the process may make him doubt himself and highlight his weaknesses. Nothing about this process is allowing my boy to celebrate his strengths ...
“I, for one, never thought I’d see this day, brother.” The ultramarine began to circle his brother.
We are bad; He is Good
The rivalry culminated in the so-called "Battle of Britpop" which saw Blur move the release date of their single "Country House" to coincide with the release of Oasis "Roll With It". This sparked a media frenzy, with Albarn being interviewed on the BBC news.
I’ve no idea if Chris Hughton will still be Birmingham manager next season. I’m sure there will be offers for him considering his seeming ability to transform sows ears into silk purses. If he goes, I can’t begrudge him the opportunity to test himself at a club in a higher league or with greater resources. I’m sure I speak for all Birmingham fans when I say that I hope he remains but he has my best wishes wherever he goes next.
The impact of the Mao suit throughout Chinese history though, leads us to see otherwise. In addition to how the Cultural Revolution destroyed thousands of years of Chinese history, it also set China back in the fashion realm. For 10-20 years no knew styles were being developed or created, and most would call this ‘unfashionable’, but the contrary was true. Fashion was important during the Cultural Revolution because sometimes it was the only way of portraying rank or status. As explained beforehand something as small as a piece of fabric or a pin could rank one among the elites or turn one into a complete outcast. Such reactions suggest that the Chinese were very sensitive to dress and styles of dress at this time. This extreme dichotomy of views towards dress is what made the Cultural Revolution such a unique time in the history of Chinese fashion.
Because the city was so full, we were carried along by the crowds much like a couple of sticks on a flood-swollen stream. Only later did I realize that we had been within a block of Anne Frank’s house. Hated to miss that but we’ll plan to go by again on the way home.
-Employer compliance disputes PAYE/ P11D/ NIC
At the top of the stairs, there was Bennie Anderson, the colored ticket taker, ready to take his stub. The urine aroma was thick and heavy now. The toilet was stopped up most of the time, and the people did what they had to. Some relieved themselves on the way up. Pershing thought they did it on purpose--a protest maybe for the condition of the place, not registering that it was other colored people who had to suffer for it. He could understand it, but he didn’t much approve.
If you are unfamiliar with Stifler in the uplifting and reassuring 1999 film about today's youth (ahem), American Pie, then you can not put your best vocal emphasis on the title of this post. That aside, it is true. Volunteering is a lot of work, which means I have neglected my blog. I have been lectured over and over by serious bloggers not to just throw up a photo or a video, call it a post and expect people to respect you in the morning. People come to you, they say, to learn something. What can you teach them?
The firing was in an electric kiln, neutral atmosphere, to Orton cone 9, 1280 degrees C.
You should definitely check out the original post and Maslow’s theory.
Cwmbran born and bred, works in the private sector in Newport and doesn't support a political party. She believes it is important to vote but does not know which way she will go. She said she wants to hear the arguments for and against.
Barley is getting better about other dogs. His behavior is not so Alpha and he often will ignore another dog entirely, unless it is bouncing around and barking at him.
When we reflect on Easter let’s remember the Son. Let’s remember what He did and why. S. M. Lockeridge once said ‘Death couldn’t handle Him and the grave couldn’t hold Him.’ Lockeridge is right.
play ..." Well, it is nothing unusual for the media to brand true followers of Christ as "fundamentalists". God bless these brave defenders of Christ! Despite the threat of beatings and arrest at the hands of the police, the numbers have increased each night to protest this outrage.
Alshon Jeffrey: Plaxico Burress
If you’re a part of the non-athlete/washed up meathead/weekend warrior training population your goal is obviously not going to be sports performance. In more cases than not, it’s simply going to be to look better naked. Don’t worry, there’s nothing wrong with that…after all, our main point of existence is to attract mates and reproduce. It’s in our genetics. Think about it…if you were an obese Type II diabetic and were given the option of either remaining obese and fixing the diabetes or keeping the diabetes and having big arms and a six pack, which would you choose? I’m guessing the latter of the two. Why? More sex. I rest my case.
Yikes! I just realized that it's been over a month since I last posted! As some of you know, outside of being a jewelry designer and maker, I do have a day job and another job! I am also a competitive West Coast Swing dancer and instructor and this last month has been CRAZEE busy with that. It started at the end of September with the hubby and I preparing a workshop for the grand opening party of the new studio where we've been teaching: the all new SSQQ Dance Studio. We taught a workshop that night and then DJ'ed and danced all night in the West Coast swing party room. Later that week, the hubs and I danced in an exhibition at the Rotary House International at M.D. Anderson Cancer Center, where I work my day job. The following weekend, I taught a workshop with another instructor and performed another exhibition at SSQQ. Next weekend, a wedding in Dallas. The weekend after that, the hubby was committed to DJ a private party, again in Dallas. Then this past weekend, we went to support the Austin City Dance Club's WCS party in, where else? Austin. And this coming weekend, will be the Texas Classic Open Championships, again in Dallas, where Trent and I will be competing and teaching a workshop and I will also have my jewelry booth!
Bags of wool just off the back of a sheep are brought in and the fibre is hand-carded and spun,
Now at the age of forty one, with my boys grown up, I too have decided to follow my passion to write, to explore the possibilities that lie ahead of me. I am now truly proud to be my mother’s daughter in every sense of the word.
And I do not have the courage to say it to your face
Q: Tell us a little about you and how you began blogging.
What are you most looking forward to? Bonding with my newborn and feeding her in the way that is most natural for both of us.
Exhibition From 4th of May to 6th June 2012
Now, “exercise more and eat healthier” hardly requires 478 pages to say; no doubt the rest of the IOM’s report has to do with exactly what these agencies ought to be doing to whomever gives a kid a slice of cake. And for once, I’m not going to track down that report and go over the highlights, like I did with the Act in Multiple Acts from last week. Frankly, there’s no need. If you’ve stuffed 478 pages full of “guidelines” and “interventions”, then doing even 5% of it will be a huge intrusion on the everyday lives of ordinary citizens.
With 15 diapers, a large wet bag, a small wet bag, a reusable swim diaper, and a large pack of disposable inserts, we have a cloth diapering system "stash" worth about $300.
And very quickly, go ahead.
and thank you for using her as an instrument in bringing me to faith now twelve years ago.
Pandora is the scapegoat
Barako Bull Energy Boosters (4-5)
We concede an argument can be made that some of the Fed’s purchases of mortgage securities has been a monetization of bad debt but these securities are being paid off at maturity, we assume, and are rolling off the Fed’s balance sheet. The proceeds, of which, are being used to purchase more securities.
5 pm – 7 pm Tim Cannon, Swamper’s – Inside Marriott Shoals, Florence. Free, Contact: 256-246-3600
And this is kind of important when it comes to reporting ‘cyber crime’ and ‘cyber terrorism’. One cannot underestimate the ego on these guys; it’s what fuels their hacker battles, it’s what makes them advertise their activities to the world and, ultimately, it’s what gets them caught (which is why Anonymous used to have a habit of outing anyone who tried to rise to prominence or said they spoke for the collective). And caught they have been.
I have used the The First edition Summer Breeze papers on this project which I think work quite nicely with the image. The base is from Craftwork Cards and is a 6inch in scalloped square
Today I am going to share with you one of the cards that we are making this Wednesday at my monthly cardclass.
and with a rich man in his death,
I kept thinking about renewal. New life... transformation... fresh starts.
Harvey J. Gardner, 35, Lakewood, N.J.
This is one of the tough calls. I’m guessing it will barely get a second season, but I wouldn’t be shocked if it didn’t.
A noted scholar says the United States should adopt China’s practice of long-term planning to maintain its position as the world’s leading economy. Ann Lee, author of the book “What the US Can Learn from China,” tells VOA American political and …
Lash Plus Intensive Lash Growth Serum.
I really wanted to complement the brewer but found it hard to communicate this to the staff due to the language barrier. Oh well if you're out there mate I think you make some of the best beer in Thailand by far!! Service by the way was excellent- as always in the land of smiles : )
There are broken bones, and blood, and bruises. I tried to keep this from happening. I wanted this time to be different. I wanted to be like a superhero or an action girl in the movies who swings herself up to safety without a scratch. I was so much stronger than when my husband left me. I knew I was smart, and pretty, and great! I told myself how great I was. I could see myself coming out of this unscathed.
On economic methodology:
Darkhouse is a great read and an awesome start to a series—I was forced to immediately buy the second book because it was addictive. I love that Perry is in her early twenties and Dex his early thirties. It’s definitely YA, but it’s a really nice change to have characters with different options and a bit more life under their stylish nineties belts. And, of course, I love a good scary story. I can’t wait to read what happens next!
Last weekend we went to Disneyland. We told my son if he pooped in the toilet we would take him. I believe in following through with my promises. He doesn't really know about Disney movies yet at almost 3 years old his indoctrination is limited...but he knows about Winnie the pooh and mickey mouse. I haven't been since I was 9, I don't have a real sentimental attachment to it, but what an amazing place it is. The decorations were beautiful and over the top. We could only ride really innocent rides because Kai scared easily. We smiled a lot and enjoyed our family time. It was a nice vacation.
Though according to the clock its now twenty minutes into tomorrow.
Karen Krasne is the owner and executive chef of Extraordinary Desserts, San Diego’s number one destination restaurant for desserts for the last twenty years. Her cakes have graced the cover of Bon Appetit, and Forbes recognized her as one of the country’s ten best pastry chefs. She has been featured in The New York Times, Gourmet, Sunset, and The Los Angeles Times, among other publications. Tina Wright is a professional pastry chef and coauthor of two books. A graduate of the Institute for Culinary Education, she helped write the pastry curriculum for the French Culinary Institute in New York.
Back home after spending five fun-filled days in Toronto.
An invisible cord, not seen by anyone.
You now need to decorate each panel, then starting with the two middle pieces of card fold them both into the centre and then fold the outer panels towards the centre until it all folds together and looks like a piece of 6 x 6 card. I then add a piece of ribbon to use as a fastening and put my final topper on the front panel. I have tried to include as many photos as possible
Read and annotate the Thoreau readings for core attributes of Transcendentalist literature.
from accidental drowning after
In life, some times people ride the Roller Coaster Backwards. We do just enough work in the beginning to get over the small hill first. Then we coast for a little bit, and then we come to a bigger hill. We do not have enough momentum to take us over this second hill, so now we have to get our bearings back and work to get over the next hill. We then face another hill, even bigger than the first two, and the cycle start over again. We have to get ready, get set and then tackle the third hill, which was bigger than hills one and two. We are taking on this roller coaster in reverse. By the time we get to the last hill, we have put in a lot of work to get over the first three hills. Hopefully when we hit the Big Hill, we are not out of gas. If we are, we never get over the Big Hill.
What are your picks from the face products?
First clear the screen then type
We had another packed house in the dining room at the West Wellness Center watching the coverage live on television. According to staff at the Wellness Center, you could have heard a pin drop as the proceedings were taking place. The response of our seniors showed me once again how vital these members of our community are to bring about positive change.
I think this is more interesting than “Watch Michel Roux Jr cook a dish, go over to your cooking station and read the recipe then use the ingredients the BBC have picked out for you”.
So, the mail may pile up and the dust bunnies may multiply, but at our house the dishes and clothes are clean and put away. Life is steady enough that the kids are happy, the dog is content, and while you may see a bit of silver in my hair, you won’t find any roots!
When you drink a beer, the way it tastes is the result of a very deliberate set of decisions and precise actions by a brewer. Each bottle of beer you buy in shop, each pint of beer you buy over a bar is a little essay, a story of flavour, aroma, taste and texture, from a brewer to you. Is that liquid love-note enough, or do you want more from your brewers?
Bitch delivered a swift kick to my shoulder, making me grunt and fall flat onto my back. “Deserved that too.”
Because if you’re writing women based in an Arab or Islamic tradition, it should be EASIER to pass the Bechdel Test, not harder.
Moondani manufactured feature glass to the recently refurbished Gosford RSL Club. Three newly constructed outdoor areas were enclosed using toughened Grey float with a customised design carved onto one face.
Our organisations view these incidents as a concerted attack on media freedom since they appear to be aimed at preventing professional journalistic documentation of alleged police violence against some of the Bersih protesters.
Girls bring the boys out!
It's an irritating question because again it is not human. It appears to be direct and clear, but it leaps over everything important that needs to be discussed and understood. It's dogma framed as choice. So I have a suggestion. Don't fall for it.
Guthrie: really?
Having just spent the best part of an hour hoovering up the daily layer of cat fur, I decided it was a good idea to sit down and write today’s ‘One-a-Day’ photo blog. I can’t believe that it’s already April 17th, and I can’t believe how much fur those cats can shed between them. If you are wondering just how much – you could stuff a pillow with it.
“We’ve learned a lot about autism spectrum disorder over the last 10 years, and over that time period the number of children diagnosed with ASD has grown dramatically,” said U.S. Rep. Mike Doyle, D-Pa. who’s cosponsoring the bill along with U.S. Rep. Jim Moran, D-Va. “Consequently, it’s essential that educators are able to take advantage of our rapidly growing knowledge base — and that we increase the number of teachers trained to help autistic students.”
DownEast Home and Clothing is one of my very favorite places to shop for great furniture, linens and accessories. I used to work there so I know what great deals you can find. They sell designer brands at a discount so think of it as a kind of outlet for Pottery Barn, West Elm, Gumps, Z Gallerie etc. Everything they sell is exactly half off what you would spend at a retail store! Some of my very favorite things in my home have come from DownEast.
That's when I saw it. The perfect dress. It was everything I wanted. A slick, lime green dress with lots of bedazzlement on it. I. loved. it. I took a deep breath and decided to look at the price tag. $300. Uh oh. This could be trouble.
One way
Some information about Fashion To Figure:
HOW TO GET PICKED:
So bless your heart and
There were a couple more tricks I employed today to slim down the line of this top; one was adding the long scarf. I tied it in a simple Windsor knot (like you'd tie a man's tie) to make it hang straight down the middle, drawing the eye up and down, rather than letting it get "stuck" on the baggy top. The second trick was to add the eye-catching socks. From the bright patterned scarf, the eye makes the natural transition down to the socks, which relate to the scarf in color but add a contrasting pattern. I'll go more into more detail about accessories such as scarves later this week.
There is something haunting about the barrenness of the desert. The dry, cracked earth produces little more plant life than bristles, thistles, and thorns. I am sitting on the hillside overlooking St. Andrew’s Abbey in Valyermo, California. The cemetery rests behind me, just up the winding dirt path. The sun is unmerciful, but I shiver, defenseless against the wind. It is Ash Wednesday. I have never been to a monastery before. I envy this rhythm of life so firmly established here, so deeply rooted in history, tradition, and meaning. I envy the unrushed movement of the brothers as they go about their daily tasks with studied patience. Mostly, I envy the cultivated attitude of reverence toward solitude and stillness. Ash Wednesday, the first day of the Lenten season, is marked by fasting, prayer, and quiet. I have hiked up this hill, away from the monks and visitors, in order to break the silence with my sad song. Read the rest here.
Form a ball with the dough and place it in a bowl smooth side up. Cover with cling wrap and proof it in a 45°C oven for 25 minutes.
I had this dress at home that I purchased for $1. The dress didn’t work as it was for me- so I started tinkering.
and prepare them to accept the extraordinary turn of the story.
…let us call a halt, and get into such living relationship with God that our relationship to others may be maintained on the line of intercession whereby God works His marvels…
This is not the American way or dream. This is the attempt to say DNA trumps merit. This is ossified aristocracy revived.
My potted Icelandic poppies are blooming and though I promised myself I wouldn't go into any more thrift stores for awhile, I couldn't resist just a teensy peek. The decanter on the left came without a stopper for a dollar. I love the way a decanter looks filled with water because it magnifies everything --like a crystal ball would. Thrift store decanters are a perfect vessel for single stemmed flowers.
"A little, but we'll take our warm sleeping bags. It'll be fine."
With three reconciliations, I can say today was a good day. Definitely better than yesterday when I was forced to sell myself to get some papers signed. Maybe it’s the flowery dress I wore. Sometimes if you wear something positive, it exudes your personality and it changes the way you view your environment. As if the forces of nature are conniving to give you a wonderful day for a change.
I'm also realizing that wearing foundation may solve a lot of my lackluster problems, pun intended. I used to wear foundation, but I got lazy, quit wearing it & am having trouble working it back into my routine.
After going by Mile 7 I knew it was coming. The split off for the half marathon. The numbers for the full were 1-4,000 at the Expo. I figured we’d basically lose EVERYONE and be alone at the split. Having run the race twice before (half) I had longingly and apprehensively looked at the runners going straight. Thinking they were just getting started. With so many miles to go. And wishing (dreading) to be one of them. I was actually really excited about this point in the race because the course was “unknown” to me then.
Level 20: MP Cost: 20, Duration: 180 seconds, ATT: +30.
“You should have it checked out, but I’m sure it’s something else,” my mother said. “Like gnats. Your cousin had those and she was convinced it was bedbugs.”
He did not just win; he drubbed his opponents, particularly the Labour Party, widely expected to retain a seat it has held for almost forty years. His unexpected victory was, according to him, the ‘Bradford Spring’, a clear analogy to developments elsewhere in the world.
In the end of the day, it seems alright. No biggies since everyone goes back to same pace. She even messaged me in ym tonight but I sounded aloof. Am I mean or what, I don’t know but I just wanted to be honest how I truly feel, even just for now.
I retired at the end of September. Naturally I assumed that I would have a ton more time to do all those things that I was unable to do during those 60 hours each week that now belonged to me, and no longer were a part of my employer's agenda. One of those things, of course, was going to be blogging.
Here are five fabulous blogs that I would like to nominate:
Or gazing on the new soft-fallen mask
Being humble doesn’t mean being weak. Being humble simply means acknowledging God’s hand in my life and attributing all of life’s gifts to His tender mercy. Humility even means attributing life’s trials to His perfect understanding of what I need and what I am capable of.
I’m, like, bipolar.
A few years ago, Nancy was competing in a regatta at Princeton, NJ. As she paddled to the starting line, she introduced herself to the person in the adjoining lane and the two chatted a bit. Nancy asked if the other person knew many people in their race. The person replied that last year’s winner was in the previous heat, but other than that she hadn’t heard of anyone else.
Of the road, there was no feel.
Halfway up I stopped and turned. Breathing, my breath fogging up the night, the cityscape stretched all around me. My eyes looked down. Only a hill as high as the one my house sat on could show me this unbelievable sight.
There are a lot of people out there looking for opportunities. Many experienced professionals take consulting assignments in order to pay the bills or keep them active in the industry. This is great and many consultants end up receiving job offers from the companies they work for upon completion of their assignments. Others do well and gain valuable experience that builds their resumes and contributes to landing future positions.
best guitarist I could possibly have. It was a bit of game at first!
It completely baffles my mind that people use harsh products to clean and sanitize their home, their children's toys and even the kids!
no intersections to
All those caveats aside, let’s agree that in Mark, Jesus’ family members, including the fleeting references to his mother, do not act as if they know he’s the product of a miraculous birth. How much weight we place on that, on the other hand, is substantially mitigated by those caveats.
Aspartame (NutraSweet, Equal), saccharin (Sweet’N Low, SugarTwin), and sucralose (Splenda) may be even harder on our metabolic systems than plain old sugar. These supposedly diet-friendly sweeteners may actually be doing more harm than good! Studies suggest that artificial sweeteners trick the brain into forgetting that sweetness means extra calories, making people more likely to keep eating sweet treats without abandon. Nip it in the bud. Scan ingredient labels and ban all artificial sweeteners from entering your mouth.
Mother! Mother! I want to go to my mother! One Mrs Botha walked over to her to console her. She was just telling the child that she would soon see her mother again, when she was brusquely interrupted by one of the nurses who told her not to interfere with the child as she was a nuisance." Shortly afterwards, Lizzie van Zyl died.
Alarmist stuff? Probably. But there are two factors that every good psephologist (electoral researcher) knows only too well. Even if a Party (like ND) doesn’t openly say it will reject the recent past, many of its voters will expect it to. And respondents in research always underclaim their willingness to vote for extreme Parties.
It was a fascinating discussion ranging across scifi, science, religion, technology, genre, labels and who can remember what else.
3. Can’t Keep My Eyes On You
So it’s been a while since I wrote my last blog entry and I have a very good reason for it. The past month I’ve been moving 3,000 miles to our nation’s capital in Washington DC to start a new job working on global health policy. It is a fantastic opportunity for me to get on the ground with health and see what’s really going on it our world. So if I’m MIA for a bit it just means I’m in some really cool (and remote) place. But I’m not here today to fill you in on my really cool job, but to talk about the simplest thing you can do to improve your health: WALK!
The second conditional is like the first conditional. We are still thinking about the future. We are thinking about a particular condition in the future, and the result of this condition. But there is not a real possibility that this condition will happen. For example, you do not have a lottery ticket. Is it possible to win? No! No lottery ticket, no win! But maybe you will buy a lottery ticket in the future. So you can think about winning in the future, like a dream. It’s not very real, but it’s still possible
I have to say that so far I want to keep them all. Oh dear. You may have guessed that they are from Little cotton Rabbits, herself a victim of aunty mean on the web.
Her birthday fell on Fathers Day which she found very amusing for some reason, Daddy would have to share his day with her day! We started off with presents for Daddy but then the day was all hers. She got loads of presents of course and we had the family over for a long, relaxed lunch/afternoon.
26. Unanswered - Classification
I'm well aware that I kept you all up to speed on the house progress until...well, the end. It was not to intentionally keep you all in the dark, I just simply have a problem. I'm a perfectionist. I didn't (and still don't) want to show you pictures until it felt a little more homey and 'finished'. I have started to come to the realization that in home renovating, nothing is ever finished or exactly how you want it. It will still take time to fill all our seemingly bare walls. I don't want to just throw things up for the sake of something having something on the walls. I want to be intentional...something about newly sheet-rocked walls sends a wave of anxiety over me every time we put a hole in it. (This might have something to do with my reckless, non-detail oriented husband who seems to always drill 3 holes when I ask for 1 one...like I said, anxiety!)
Helped dissolve
Last night I watched again Martin Crawford's DVD 'A Forest Garden Year'. Building on the work of Robert Hart, Crawford, who lives close by, promotes a permaculture lifestyle based on agroforestry, where the natural conditions of a woodland garden are followed to provide a genuinely sustainable method of food production based on perennial crops that work in synergy with each other. (Crawford is also developing any number of fruit and nut species that yield well in the British climate; the increase in which is one advantage of global warming.)
Read more about this book:
Instead, at 52, I am an independent crossbench peer and member of the joint committee on human rights (JCHR), which reports this week on its 12-month inquiry into disabled people’s right to independent living.
She was subjected to even more swingeing change after she moved to Berna and Glen’s three-bedroom terrace house to begin the latest chapter in her life. Her new mum served rice and chicken instead of the shepherd’s pie and burgers she was used to, and started greasing and plaiting Dawn’s Afro hair which had always hung loose. There were no holidays, and the only occasional outings were to the local shopping centre.
MAC Spiked Brow Pencil
'Cause you gotta have the Eiffel Tower, it's Paris! We got rained on a little bit yesterday but still saw some blue skies. I got tired kind of early yesterday but today I was feeling 100% recovered from the nasty virus I had last week, so this has been a marvelous trip.
The cheescloth idea just popped up, so I went with that too. Although wrapping it in cheesecloth didn't come until the end. But I'm glad it did, because to me, that part really makes this piece, really makes it different and original, and makes it one of my favorite pieces. If I can feel that my artwork is totally original, totally my own, that makes me feel very good.
“What a commentary on our civilization, when being alone is considered suspect; when one has to apologize for it, make excuses, hide the fact that one practices it, like a secret vice!”
During the proceedings, Chief Justice Iftikhar remarked that if the police do their duty, then the missing persons could be recovered.
*feels self up*
I'll be seeing him again this weekend for one of the rugby guys' weddings. I asked him last weekend if he was going and he said he was, and said he wasn't bringing his girlfriend because he didn't think it was appropriate. Now, why would it be appropriate to date her but not bring her?? I think he was worried I'd start something with her, which I would NEVER do at someone's wedding. I WOULD, however, make damn sure that none of my friends talked to her, which means the only person that she could conversate with would be her boyfriend. I kinda wish she would go just so I could see it. :)
Lexicon word of the day: kowtow.
Well now I feel a little better getting something up since it's been forever except I just realized that my camera went kaput on my trip from the heat and humidity... Xmas ideas for me... New digital camera Please:) Kap kuhn ka! xoxo
My laptop is still acting up so I am not able to get pics yet.....I am hoping to spend more time with my computer tomorrow to get it fixed. Not much else to really report.
Me: How do you know he doesn’t need the money? Didn’t he have a big unpaid tax bill a while back. I think he was even going to go to prison.
Landlord E-mails Sparkle:
The society is reluctant to acknowledge that females could be perpetrators and males could be victims. It is a hard thing for the victims to come forward due to the feeling of powerlessness and other aspects.
Mouth feel was quite smooth but with a great bittery taste caused by the hops , not overly carbonated making great drinkability. Be careful though the ABV at 7.5% is very sneaky-I almost fell off my bar stool at the Naka-Meguro Taproom on my way to the loo after enjoying a pint or two of this brew on another occasion! A very balanced IPA-- Highly recommended. A good food pairing would be Yakitori with spicy Miso paste or awesome Pepperoncino Pasta. Thanks heaps Yoshitsugu-san and of course DH!
In other news, Whitey is getting fed and medicated through the tube quite nicely. I won’t post a photo of him now because he looks just awful. He is just a cat-like lump right now. He stays curled up all the time and only gets up to go to the litterbox. Unfortunately, although expected, he has developed very loose stools and that means a poopy butt. Yesterday I had to add insult to injury to sickness and give him a half-bath. Bless his heart. He’s so NOT my delightful, happy boy right now. I take him in today just to be weighed to see if he’s gained any weight.
Nipped out again first thing, while it was snowing, to post a parcel, get some bread (too busy mopping brows to bake) and some medicine, along with lots of lemons and manuka honey for hot toddies. Of course, Buzz felt better enough not to want any medicine, or lots of hot toddies. Is it just me that happens to?
Another small tip I have picked up is that you don't pick a horse because you like the colours the jockey is wearing. Yes that orange top is SO trans-seasonal, bang on trend, (Sorry? it isn't orange, it's clementine? Oh my bad) and YES it does clash, (I mean compliment) that green (Ok, ok, peppermint) but the jockeys taste for spring trends does not automatically make it a winner.
teaching guitar to eager students.
Boil rutabaga until almost tender and drain. Add all ingredients to crock pot. Cover and cook on low 8 hours or on high for 4 hours or until veggies are tender.
Bboy Felix from Radikal Forze, Recoganize Studio (Singapore)
2) Aqua Blue
However, the test situation posed above was not put forth recently but was asked on February 22, 1899. Yes, one hundred and twelve years ago it seems we had problems with folks not being able to carry out a mission. Apparently moral stupidity was rampant, and folks were unwilling to cheerfully catch hold and lift.
When it was over, Liesl rose from the piano to exuberant applause, her eyes falling on the empty second-row chair. Though she usually allowed the applause to roll over her in tingling, uplifting currents, at that moment, she was numb to it, feeling only the need to warn someone about the man she’d just seen.
T r a c k L i s t i n g s
PenpalAmis is a pen pal language exchange where anyone looking to learn a language, can find pen pals from around the world to practise with, which in my opinion is one of the most effective ways to learn a language, second to living in the target country itself.
Replacing negative habits with techniques your prospects view as collaborative will increase your sales. Interestingly, your competitors won’t recognize that your sales process has changed.
This will be my last post for 3 weeks or so as on Saturday I'm off to visit my elder son and his family in South Africa. If you look for White River on the map that's where my daughter and I will be staying. DH gets to stay home with B Baggins:)
Saying that “we have now run out of time,” Obama summoned Boehner, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.), Senate Majority Leader Harry M. Reid (D-Nev.) and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) to the White House at 11 a.m. Saturday.
Thank you to everyone who entered! Please keep following and commenting - I always have giveaways in the works! Right now there is a custom, personalized ribbon giveaway over at Royal Ribbons! Please enter over there and spread the word!
our customers expect from us? Where do gaps exist, and how big are they?
Baby:
Image by Will Taylor Twelvebaskets
How do magazines get it so wrong? Surely that's what editors are for? To weed out the inappropriate? To provide balance without it seeming a blindly token act? In part I believe the lack of diversity in the offices publishing these magazines is responsible, and I don't just mean in terms of ethnicity but also across different socio-economic groups and mindsets. I got a very insightful comment from Jill of Street Style on my previous post about Vogue recounting her experience of trying to get some work at the magazine and I reproduce it here to illustrate a point:
Chris, this one's for you, bro.
MR. STEWART (USPTO): Well, first of all the only ruling that we're -- backtrack a bit, to say, we oppose,sir, in this case because we recognize that there are difficult problems out there in terms of patentability of software innovations and medical diagnostics.
Well, it didn't take Luke long to become VERY attached to grampa. This gramma was definitely chopped liver compared to grampa. Luke wouldn't come to me, he screamed when I gave him a bath, he wouldn't bring his books to me... and I was feeling pretty dejected (or is it rejected?)! You can see pictures here of Luke and his love for grampa. And these were all taken on our first night there!
in the jungle of my soul.
Maybe I simply miss the sacraments and the awesome nature that they can represent. I also wish we would not distance ourselves from them simply because they became stale activities but maybe allow the Spirit to breathe new life in them. It would be a refreshing change to some of the ways the Evangelical church has become stale in it’s own right.
Watching the Green Party conference last weekend leaves no doubt about the bankruptcy of their political programme. Leader John Gormley condemned the opposition for not being more supportive of the government's cuts and bail-outs. Unlike the Greens who are deeply committed to the survival of the government. There were strong hints that they wanted a national government of national unity - "We in the Green Party are willing to work together with other parties to achieve a national consensus on these issues" (www.greenparty.ie).
Twitter CEO Dick Costolo said in September that the service had 100 million active daily users, which means that Twitter has expanded by at least another 40 million users in just six months. Costolo also said in October that the service generated 250 million "tweet" messages a day, again showing that the growth of Twitter continues to accelerate.
Next appointment: November 21st for my big ultra-sound and then November 28th for my regular monthly appointment.
disciples, and maybe even more of His travelling companions, are all in
Trace dowel to indicate opening. Use hole punch to gradually increase the size of hole.
But the newbie is not just stopping at a facial change! Just as Aamir
2 John 1:3 (NLT)
2 Tbs grated regular lime peel
It’s about restraining one’s own immodest thoughts and language and actions first, rather than concerning oneself with restricting others’ attire.
dearest pru
- The slasher era. The year of The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2, to be specific.
"The Red Shoes" also renews Bush's collaboration with
Grease a 9×13 inch baking pan or line with parchment paper (fold and crease the paper into the corners so you can spread the batter evenly).
Snikiddy Fries $1/1 - expires 3/31/2011
This week I saw another article where an arts organization blamed their audience for the fact that they are closing their doors. “Low audience numbers,” they stated. It made me ponder what the real reasons were for the closing. Why were people not attending? There must be a reason(s), and it probably has something to do with how the organization was running.
I think we've established that I can't do criticism of any kind, but especially not theatre criticism. But I thought I'd give it a shot, just to mix it up a bit.
Damascus 7, Poolesville 0
The following post is taken from my response to a young person interested in practicing celibacy as a way to cultivate spirituality:
My boy has been away on a very cool trip with his 7th grade class all week, he's at Joshua Tree, a magical, mystical place in the desert. It's been in the upper 90s all week there, I've seen a few photos from the school's facebook page. The kids are dirty and happy and sweaty, rock climbing and hiking and working on balancing rock sculptures and eating. They look really smelly. I'm going to wear a gas mask when I go pick him up tonight, and maybe tie him to the roof of the car. If it's good enough for Mit's pooch, it's good enough for my boy.
Row 17- do not ch1, turn, sl st in 5sc, ch1, sc in sm sp and next 5sc. (6)
· Relaxes and reduces stress
In the words of that old hymn:
We are also getting ready for our Middle School Dance. The theme for our dance this year will be Neon Glow! We have invited different middle school classes too! ^_^
With the coming of fall, it's whiskey festival season in Southern California. I'll start back with my Whiskey Festival Calendar soon, but I wanted to share the exciting news that readers of Sku's Recent Eats will again be eligible to get a discount at the Scotch Malt Whisky Society's Single Malt and Scotch Whisky Extravaganza.
Pierce's family has not yet released the cause of death.
Act 2: Quesh – World Pvp – Republic Level 36-37 – Empire Level 36-37
Here she is, proudly holding up her dollar and the candy she's about to buy with it.
Source: Goodbooks Guide, May 2012
Definitely A White Christmas
This essay will examine the historical context of Barth’s doctrine of scripture as expounded in Church Dogmatics. Next this essay will trace the historical reception among American evangelicals, evaluating the validity of their interpretation of Barth. Lastly, it will explore the insights of Bruce McCormark, particularly his rejection of the traditional interpretation of Barth, and will contend that McCormack’s interpretation is a way for evangelicals to appropriate Barth heuristically as a model for constructive engagement with our “crisis of representation.”
If you place an order of $150 you get 3 free SAB items, plus $25 in hostess benefits and a Free Tote from SU! (note: online orders are not qualified for the tote, so you'll need to contact me, so I can place your order)
A lesson learned:
Man, by nature is at enmity with God and therefore puts his will, knowledge and desire against that of God. That is, until he senses a need for things other than what this world offers. On that road to Damascus, Paul saw that his life was on a collision course with God. As soon as he knew that Jesus Christ was Lord, Creator, Redeemer, and Judge he sought the mercy of God and forgiveness.
I would just like to start out by apologizing to all of my faithful readers for not posting lately… Since starting my new job, it seems like I’m tired all of the time! It might be helpful to know that I had worked PM shift as a Certified Nursing Assistant for 6 years prior to starting this new job, which requires me to be awake by around 7:00 AM… That’s early for a girl who’s accustomed to staying up until 3 AM and not getting out of bed until 10 or 11! And I’ve still been cooking when I get home, but haven’t always had the opportunity to take pictures because of having company over… But, I’m getting back into the swing of things again! So, thank you for your patience with me and your continued support.
One of the three speakers will be Brooklyn Museum head Arnold Lehman, who famously clashed with Mayor Rudolph Giuliani over the "Sensation" show in 1999. Now he has a fresher issue to discuss. After all, as one sign stated, "Elephant dung can be art. Eminent domain abuse can't." Another decried a "'Dung' Deal."
whoever purchased such
I'm curious about the phrase "what to expect". I have few expectations and so find that I go through life being pleasantly surprised.
Morning Edit is an inspiring online ‘home’ for design-lovers, object-hoarders, print-admirers and for anyone who obsesses over even the tiniest of interior objects. So that’s you and us, guys!
Me: Great idea, Imogen.
the park emptied punctually
That was three nights ago. I sit here on Sunday afternoon recalling the heated passion of that night. There alongside the recollection of passion shared is a deeper more meaningful thought. It is the thought of her standing next to me yesterday as we were waiting at the doors for an event we were attending. She was elegantly dressed in an ivory linen suit that displayed her long lithe body and her sensual femininity in a tasteful but sensual way. I think how sophisticated she looked and how much I love her, no adore her.
So I went to the Dentist last night and somehow what was suppose to be a simple cavity filling turned into a root canal...so after a whooping 400+ bill, nearly got teary in the office, I was looking for a relaxing night of crafting.
Hostility /anger. The targeted person must be caused to be hostile. This of course is achieved by issues of injustice -violations. Commonly a cheat is used as an anchor while a more serious violation is committed behind the person’s back. If however there are people involved who are related then the targeted person becomes aware of them but not consciously aware so another blind spot is created. So for instance in the first example the woman was asked for just a little bit of water, which is a small cheat because water is not needed to chip trees. However they are new neighbours, they appear polite and the request, even if ridiculous, is trivial. They appeal to the person’s goodness to get them to agree. Of course the request is also a nocebo, so it is a violation and not just a cheat. The serious violation though is the invasion and use of her property as a thoroughfare without permission. Thus the targeted person is angered and made aggressive towards the offenders, not because of “something happened in the past” but because the violation is ongoing –in the present. I might add that this is always the case, with every “bothering” of a person. The violation might have happened in the past but it is ongoing and used in the present. This is done by being bringing the issue up, by laughing at the person cheated, by comments and conversation made about the person by people who include at least one person known and in close relationship to the person victimized in this way. The evil people that commit the violation in the real world are also a part of the team of evil people committing the ongoing violations in the mind, which in the case of cancer involves presenting harmful ideas under danger conditions as I will describe in the next post.
The materials used:
Ginny- Sally Struthers would be perfect for Ginny.
There is nothing more striking and graceful than an orchid in bloom. Orchid flowers come in virtually every color of the rainbow with shapes, textures and fragrances abounding. Some are so beautiful they will take your breath away, while others are so unusual, they can resemble creatures of unknown origin! .
– I have felt all of these things too.
Look up the word talent in the dictionary and you get a variety of meanings.
Then the VV then goes on to discuss why it is difficult to take OWS seriously, citing the following comment from an OWS supporter, “Mantelln”, who talks about the difference that OWS makes, because it may cause a kid to drop out:
Breads into which to stuff the filling. You know how the best pitas are that perfect combination of tender, chewy, pliable, resilient? That’s exactly how Linda’s turn out. Every single time.
But, some might think surprisingly, I am no great upholder of ‘correctness’ in writing. If you get too hung up on the niceties of what is ‘correct’ and what is ‘not correct’, things can get pretty mind-numbingly dull, as I am about to prove…
"One choice can transform you."
Me: “S” is also for “smokes.”
so Spring is really something to celebrate.
When you're traveling, kids can pop the bubbles as they spot each of the items on the sheet. If your child is too young to have the patience to wait, they'll still have fun looking at the pictures and popping the bubbles on their own time.
So there you have it, the most unethical way to beat The Oregon Trail. Follow these tests and you will make it there in record time and the lowest amount of final points available.
I was a bit more nervous with Wake, which is the first book in the Watersong series that is coming out next year. It hadn't been released, so Rose was free to slash and cut, if she wanted to. But she didn't. The edits she suggested were smart, clean, and simple. It still stayed true to exactly how I wanted the book. She only suggested things that made it stronger and better, which is exactly what an editor should do.
"Degenerate sons of manlier sires
As I sit writing this I can see through my window the wind has got up. The last week has been so still and grey, but today the light has changed. The first glimpse of winter in the pale pink tinged afternoon.
I like what happens in small settings with a dozen or so people where there is no “front of the room.” People sit in a circle, around a table, or in a restaurant. There may be one or more leaders of the conversation, but there is not a teacher who is the ultimate authority. I like that approach and practice it in our Nonduality Satsang meetups in Halifax, Nova Scotia. Attendees tend to pretty quickly get what nonduality is about and they return to enjoy the company, the teachings, and the conversation (and the food). We have potlucks. We also rent a store space for the evening and everyone chips in to pay the rent.
Very good ideas! That is such a neat box!
When my blood sugar levels read high with a deranged liver last year, I studiously looked up low sugar, low GI foods to keep my sugar levels in control. Thus I read few articles on the kiwi fruit. Two such can be read in these links here and here. Now, health concern beats the reluctance hands down and I do not mind at all paying the cost for these.
For holiday reading, I picked up a copy of Richard Dawkins' The Greatest Show on Earth, in a lovely little second hand bookshop in Devonport. Dawkins, it must be said, is on top form, laying out the evidence for evolution and laying into creationists and flat-earthers at every turn. The highlight for me was his joyful description of Lenski’s experiments in bacterial evolution. Even for someone far removed from this line of research, it’s inspirational stuff, demonstrating the elegance and power of science done well.
So very many of you dear souls on Gaia’s surface have been discovering the energies of the higher realms that are leading you ever closer to your beautiful and marvelous ascension into higher states of knowledge, perception and consciousness.
Now, my point, this evening she entered the pinecone candle wreath in nature crafts and her little felt hearts in hand stitching at the open class at our county fair. She is positutley delighted with this. I am so proud of her. I hope she will always enjoy crafting. It can give her a lifetime of joy.
Embossing folder-it's a cuttlebug folder, but I don't know the name
juice from 1/2 lemon (about 1T)
so proud of my bighead Shai'Ana Junai what a fine young lady she is turning out to be!!! she can check that attitude at the door tho,but she definetly gets it from her mama (~.~) who got it from her mama Brenda DiDomenico Moultrie who definetly got it from her mama ...lmao!! stand for something or fall for anything
Overall, the book is quite enjoyable. It's not very original, it doesn't exhibit breathtakingly epic prose, and the characters (except for Holger) are not especially deep. It's not an incredible piece of fantasy, but it definitely has some value and deserves to be read at least once. I certainly liked it well enough to recommend it.
Place the parcels in a single layer on the prepared baking sheet, spray with low calorie cooking spray and bake for 15-20 minutes or until golden and crisp. Remove from the oven and serve warm with the hara chutney.
Then, I submitted my first 25k to my crit partner for general impressions and she returned the manuscript heavy with red comments. My lungs squeezed shut in fear and my immediate and irrational reaction was, "Oh my God, I can't do this. Why did I even try?"
‘Go on our website to learn the best method for soul stealing/spirit slaying stabbing tactics. So you need to pop this concoction in the freezer and because of its ingredients that will actually cook it. It seems like a simple recipe but it will feed a family of five comfortably. I served this to my family last week. On an unrelated note it was on that night that my wife filled a bath up with rocks and then shot herself in the neck. She’s making a full recovery right now.’ He turned and opened the freezer, taking out an identical bowl to the one sat on the counter. ‘Now here’s one we prepared earlier. Also if you make this dish you will not be able to use your freezer again as it will now have a broken heart and everything you freeze will taste like loss.’
Season tickets (single-non renewable) $280 each
But the worst part is that it is MOTHEREFFING COLD. Tomorrow morning, when I wake up to make this horrible slog back to the hospital on the old snow, because of which I will probably crash? It is going to be MINUS NINE DEGREES. Yes, friends. Minus. The high will be a balmy 14 degrees, which will all end on Wednesday, when they are expecting three to six MORE inches of snow, followed by an Arctic blast, during which the high temperature - the HIGH TEMPERATURE - is expected to be ZERO.
In the meantime, I'm having another cup of coffee and I'm already starting to feel better. I don't feel so overwhelmed anymore. I just made another pack of cigarettes from my dwindling tobacco supply and I think by tomorrow I should be all out of it. Then it will be time for the nicotine patches. I'm lucky that I still have those and that I don't have to go out and spend the money on them because they are expensive enough.
Long there and then in vigil I stood, dimly around me the
But I always wonder what might have been.
In theory, they are creative and brilliant.
Yeah, baby you shut the door in my face.
I didn't.
Fortunately or unfortunately, lies tend to be like a parasitic fungus in me and, once started, they grow uncontrollably until they ultimately burst from inside.
And now, the interesting part…
The whole day seminar includes topics such as Marketing, Operations, Human Resource and Finance. The topics are covering the aspects that are included in the business plan.
With the intent of going shopping for clothes, I came home with a desk. Way more fun for my daughter, I guess!
A grim history and grim grist for my tale. . .
If I travel to France I do not instantly become French, I do not lose my Englishness as I alight from the train at Gare De Nord, or leave my culture behind at Charles De Gaul. As we see in British ex-patriots across the world most retain their essential culture and mindset to the bitter end.
@Tragicoptimist: I've shied away from doing research on the risks of
So on these chilly Autumn/Winter mornings, there’s nothing better than a warming bowl of porridge. And when I say porridge, I mean PROPER porridge, not that measly stuff you get in paper packets, pour into your bowl and pour boiling water over. I’m talking cook-your-own-on-the-stove porridge. Yeah, it may take a bit longer to prepare, but it’s so well worth it. However, I don’t consider having to cook something for less than 10 minutes laboring over a hot stove.
See Cheap Trick.
I may not be able to see the difference I am making in the environment or the economy, but I know every little bit helps.
now reaches new height
2) Add in onions,spring onion,chillies,salt and 1 egg.
It made me cry to hear a child’s most extravagant wish was for a book. Or shoes. Or a mad hankering for something useful.
Most of the varieties of peony admired in flower gardens today are hybrids of the two original species of this plant, Paeonia officinalis and Paeonia lactiflora, which differ slightly in appearance.
The little boy seemed to accept Belker's transition without any difficulty or confusion. We sat together for a while after Belker's Death, wondering aloud about the sad fact that animal lives are shorter than human lives. Shane, who had been listening quietly piped up ''I know why.''
Wow, Blogger has changed. I don't know if I like it that much. I know I said I would never blog here again, but what the fuck, I made it so pretty much no one can comment unless they want to tell me who they are. Buhahahaha!
Well, you have to sign up here to know what I’m talking about.
In other words he opened by cracking us open a little. Readying us for his talk with a necessary, not unkindly bit of trepanning. Or as Emily Dickinson would have it, with a kind of poem. ("If I feel physically as if the top of my head were taken off," she wrote, "I know that is poetry.")
This is something I do each Sunday so make sure you check back often!! And don't forget to visit these lovely artists blog and let them know that they were featured here on My Crafty Picks!!
Creativity Toolbox Exercise: Take a look at the world around you with new eyes, then close your eyes and take a vivid visionary voyage of creativity.
They've buggered off now; that's the God's honest truth.
Perhaps you might bring your large comforters to the laundromat, bring your drapes and winter coats to the dry cleaners, store your winter clothes and bring your warm-weather clothes out of hiding or check the smoke detectors.
Forgive the rant. I know that these various computer-driven technologies will continue to transform writers and how we write. I can't just say it's all the fault of Xerox. Or was that Xerxes?
And fiddled whisper music on those strings
U.S. Department of Agriculture/Forestry Services (USDA/FS)
Word problems in math classes are now to include homosexual characters. History classes will document the “civil rights (?)” struggle against the “oppressive” pro-family establishment.
Transitioning- The process by which someone goes from chemically-processed/treated hair to being chemically-free. During this process, cutting and trimming is still necessary but depends on how the individual wants to journey. It is not automatic and requires time and patience. Typically, it can take several months or years to totally transition out from a relaxer (A lot depends on hair length and maintenance). *I tried transitioning for about four months and got frustrated. (See pic)
I hope you like the cards and encourage you to check out CropChocolate.com; it's a great site for buying supplies and making scrappy friends.
How to Turn a Profit?
It worked out perfectly! I measured out all the olive oil and jerk seasoning to mix together so I could rub down the fillets and marinate for 30 mins, then set out to mix up all the flour and measure out the sugar and peanut butter for the cookies and get all the cookie making ingredients together. One short stop to let Patella out into the backyard to take care of business so she could eat dinner and a diaper change later, we were ready to start making dinner! I fried up the onions and garlic, tomato paste and rice and got the water in the pot so the rice could cook then pulled out the fillets and brought a frying pan to temperature, added a dash of olive oil – let the oil warm up and plopped in the salmon; and turned on the mixer to begin beating the eggs, sugar and peanut butter into a sweet, creamy base for the dry ingredients to follow.
one-night stands: “I’ll call” here
-To get to the starting line, runners will board 12 ferries leaving from Manhattan. About 500 buses will take runners to the start at Fort Wadsworth on Staten Island from points in Manhattan, Brooklyn, Long Island, New Jersey and beyond.
it's not wrong to like photoshoots or whatever self-vanity related activities.
Here are some of the contenders that were tried on. I wont be giving away the actual dresses but can you pick your favourite?
to make love to you
Perhaps driven by a long held, yet never satisfied desire to coach, or by my life-long mission of being a know-it-all routinely giving out opinions, I once again open the floor to your running questions out there. You should rightfully ask, "What do you know about running?"
During the fast, it became clear I had used spending as a way to gain a comfort fix. When I was spending money, I felt carefree and lighthearted. Instead of dwelling on the unpleasantness in my life, I was thinking of my purchases and how they would bring me pleasure. Not until I stopped spending did I realize how short-lived the fix really was. During the fast, when I felt the urge to spend—to anesthetize my pain—I pictured myself running into the arms of Jesus, the Great Comforter. Oh, what comfort I received!
10. Turn Me On
The fifth book in The Phoenix Files, Fallout, is out now. If you haven’t read this amazing series, grab a copy of the first book, Arrival.
But how to prepare off-the-grid espresso? I usually don´t bother.
a manger and a little straw;
Imagine arriving at your potential new employer, rehearsed and thinking positive. You sit down in front of a panel of three; An older gentleman in a 3 piece suit, binder and note taking utilities in hand, a younger gentleman dressed very casual looking like he was dragged in just for the hell of it with a goofy grin on his face and a shaved bald gentleman, intimidating and rugged looking like a bouncer asked to sit in to keep the peace. Your palms sweat and your lungs fluctuate intensely filling with air and collapsing on each breath. You take one last deep breath when the older gentleman opens his mouth and says “Let’s begin.”
Even funnier is the fact that the whole time traveling set up is run by a guy on a wheel chair that looks like a zombie! Everyone standing around looks more adequate for the job than this guy who looks like he has one foot in the grave; want more funny? Okay here it goes, they can see the past like a movie, on a little t.v. screen! They have walky-talkies with which they can communicate through time! This means somebody that is in the past can actually talk with someone from the future! So we have audio waves that travel through time as well! Ha! There is this really funny sequence in which Louise travels back to the future, and after she walks through the time portal, an invisible force fixes the bed of the hotel she was staying in, because you know, it’s not polite to leave a room untidy after time travel! Point is, there are a lot of goofy situations and plot holes on this one; you can have fun simply by going through them as you watch the film.
Afterward, we can explore the area and uncover the history of how the Royal Botanical Gardens Coldspring Valley Trails became McMaster Parking.
To which I reply, “I’m walking out of the stall.”
Cry in your sleep, your pillow’s bloody
She came home after graduating and found a job in another state just to clinch that she couldn't fall back into our house.
two cracks and three rumbles broke at last the lock
Anyway, there I was, driving a route van with one hand and taking pictures out the window with the other (I am nothing if not a safe driver), when I came across this:
The last time you went to the movies and grabbed a box of Nestle’s Raisinettes, I bet you didn’t know you were eating “bug juice” that is excreted from the rear end of a beetle like bug. Ewe!! Say what?
Had they tinkered with the recipe, or some aspect the brewing process, or had The Bottled Beer Year been tinkering with my own capacity to interact and properly 'read' an ale?
Could have persuaded me: now I dare not say
It is part of Cinderella’s virtue that she bears no scars from her mistreatment — her shabby dress and shedding broom are the only signs of the painful cage she’s been imprisoned in. Yet the fact that Cinderella’s unflagging goodness constantly translates into smooth, flowing steps — always humble and pretty — can get wearing.
I've also been having all kinds of ideas about what to write for this here food & do blog. To be honest, maybe too many ideas. Or maybe not that ... maybe it's that I've had an inappropriate and overwhelming urge to Do Them All Now, which has killed the basic urge to actually *start* a blog entry.
Star Wars - Taff style.
Every city, every nation.
Suddenly, the idea of NYC was starting to seem real and the fact that I’d stayed with Jake when I went up there for the interview only solidified my desire to be there. When he hugged me goodbye that Friday night after the interview and spending the day with him, the idea of going back to DC that weekend was pure torture. All I could think of at that point was NYC, NYC, NYC lol. I mean, who wouldn’t right? Great job, great city, guy I want lives in that city – I was good to go. Except that when I went in for the 2nd interview, I learned that the job wasn’t quite as great as I initially thought. In fact, it wasn’t 10% as great as I initially thought – it was, in essence, going to be a lateral move career wise and money wise, once you calculated cost of living expenses. At the same time, a new exciting position was coming up in my current company in DC. It wasn’t a guarantee, but the important people were considering me as a candidate for the position – something that had many of the qualifications of what I thought the position in Brooklyn had.
So I go to make my turn into the aisle and the first thing I see is that there are two people together shopping for cards. The second thing I see is a butt crack. A female butt crack.
First I can take my favorite medicine, Nyquil. Taking it with some alcoholic beverage is even better. Rum works great, beer is just fine, and you want to talk about SLEEP! When the Lord said "Let there be sleep", that's what he was talking about. Not to mention that I have an excuse to sleep in the guest bedroom. Every married man and even guys with girlfriends will admit, Sunday night through Thursday night, sleeping alone is Great! You can make all the noise you want, and sprawl out. Oh it's real.
So when I saw a tank top on sale for $2 at Top Shop, I knew I had to buy it. It doesn’t matter that it’s the middle of winter and summer is only a faint dream at this point. It doesn’t matter that I shouldn’t be spending money on things I don’t absolutely need right now. All that matters is that it’s a $2 shirt, and I’ve never had one of those before.
She re-read some of the Pseudonymous Bosch books because I finally bought her the last book in the series: You Have to Stop This. I'm glad she can still pick up and enjoy this type of book even though I suppose it's technically below her level.
The house now houses a small museum of art and traditional crafts. Out of all the museums we've seen in Damascus, it's probably the best in terms of cost and things to see.
Insane cleaning begins… 2 hours later, every time I enter a room — still there are roaches. I find the pesticide and spray every single baseboard. In the process, I find one more dead adult roach. I still think these are American Roaches, but we’ll see. At about 3am, still awake and freaked out, I get Pest Control quotes and make an appointment. Then… I start work, because if there is one thing I CANNOT do in this house right now, then that is sleep.
from what you need
Now here comes a fright night of a plot: Judith Fontaine (Regina Carrol) is looking for her sister Joanie, who has disappeared into the wild, middle-aged hippie community of Venice, California. It turns out Joanie has become the victim of Groton (Lon Chaney Jr.), an axe-wielding homicidal maniac working for Dr. Duryea (J. Carrol Naish), who is really the last of the Frankensteins (besides the one on that one island...) and is now running a house of horrors by the beach and is performing experiments on the axed victims. One night the Count himself, Dracula (Zandor Vorkov) visits the doctor, showing him the original Frankenstein creation that was buried in a nearby graveyard. The doctor revives it and uses it to take revenge on his professional rivals, as well as to allow Drac to rule the world. Somehow.
A short time later I was brought to my room where I was put into a lovely hospital gown and hooked up to all kinds of monitors. Since I had hypertension, they had a blood pressure cuff on me that did it's thing every hour. UGH how I hate that thing. A doctor came in shortly after to check and see how far I was dilated... things were moving along on their own which was good. I was then told that at the moment they didn't think I would need pitocin. This made me very happy. They were going to break my water and then see how my body reacted before deciding whether pitocin was needed.
But if something dreadful had happened to you, would you want it splashed across the pages of a national magazine? I can see why you might if the money the magazine paid you for your story was for charity, but some of the stories in these magazines leave me thinking why people do it? Well, for the money I guess, or, of course, writing about what happened can work as therapy. It can also serve as a warning to others: this happened to me. Don't let it happen to you. I'm not sure I'd do it, no matter how much they paid. Could I write about something horrific that happened to someone I know, with their consent, either? The answer would probably be no. It takes all kinds of writer to write all kinds of things, maybe you're different and could write a piece like that. It's something to think about.
We had to run around closing windows as the sudden gusts of wind were blowing water in all over the place. I could hear the surprised shrieks of women outside who got caught in the downpour (that was kind of funny).
Healthy Living
“Find some dry ground and send two scouts to track the American”, Wei ordered.
I dropped Savannah off, parked the car, put Dog on his leash and we ventured out into the wonderful Pleasanton Sports Park. The Sports Park is the very essence of Pleasanton and is a great symbol of why people are so nuts about this city.
Everyone started from the silence wrapped around them.
But Tuesday, I blamed me.
She added: ‘If it’s a job, and it’s a well-paying job, and it’s going to allow me to get out of here and move in a very safe, huge home that they deserve, I’m going to do it.’
“Aww … sometime ’tween milkin‘ and cleanin‘ the Farrow’s cider press,” came the reply. “He weren’t no trouble once I had a talkin‘ with him. He’s special. Besides, Uncle Jake, you done trained these Mountain Horses so good on the ground, all a feller need do is get on ’em and ride.” Eli, wiry and compact, jumped onto the porch, skipping every one of Lady Hannah’s freshly scrubbed steps. The MacKennons agreed that Jake’s nephew could get away with practically anything, due to his white-toothed grin and fetching appearance.
QB 1: M.Ryan 39 points (320 yds, 4 pass TD, +5 300+ yds, 1 40+ yd TD)
She is simply beautiful!
5.Chair movement. If you are sitting in a chair that swivels, be sure you aren’t accidentally turning back and forth as it can be distracting and also makes you appear nervous.
On the other hand, I get more massage than most of the massage therapists I know do. I walk the talk, even if I don't talk it. I believe in massage: it's an important part of my life.
Did you know that a woman can carry a child for nine months, suffer an excruciating labor for hours on end, deliver a perfectly healthy baby, and still feel like she hasn't done anything worthwhile? Women are so weird. But I love them, especially my two girls.
Thank you for stopping by. Be sure and check out Audrey and Melissa’s blogs, and have a wonderful writing and reading week!
The slam has been so successful they have had to change locations after only three months in existence to accommodate their rapidly expanding audience. The fourth monthly show takes place Tuesday evening at Naughty Nadz (1590 Dundas St. E. just east of Dixie).
George W. Bush's economic policies set a record of 52 straight months of job growth. So, Obama is not only trying to distract voters from the actual facts, but lying about them as well.
There are 2 energy centres in the body concerned with “creation:” the heart and the sacral (sexual) chakras. You create with the sexual chakra and you receive with the heart. Without exception, every single client I have worked with this year has had some kind of challenge around “receiving” regardless of whether they came in for love/relationship issues, career/life purpose, health or money.
May you all have a wonderfully-inspired week!
DYING
This morning it was very different, though. Myfest is a great event that has been running for a few years, in order to reclaim the streets from those wanting to cause trouble. I wish you could smell all the yummy food being prepared everywhere, a lot of it by local people! Falafel, döner, köfte, etc etc. Amazing! And then the sounds! A Turkish singer songwriter on stage. A bit further along, Kurdish music and people dancing to it. Away from the main square, there are more bands playing on different stages. Most of them waaaay too loud for my liking!
Most of you will recognize the following pictures! They are taken by Claude Smekens at the private house of our Belgian fashion designer Edouard Vermeulen.
In the recent London campaign, the broadcasters decided that there were four significant candidates: Boris Johnson, Ken Livingstone, Brian Paddick and Jenny Jones. Sure enough, they finished in the first four places in the voting - though, sadly, not in that order.
You really have to keep your posture proper or you will be thrown off-balance if you flail your arms around too much, or if your legs are not bent properly, or if you start trying to grab the instructor.
Bo Guagua, 23, was expected. He had a dinner appointment with a daughter of the then-ambassador, Jon Huntsman.
I stamped him directly onto a lunch bag and coloured him with Copics which are deep enough in colour to cope with a Kraft background.
We were unable to detect XMRV in the patient tissue samples by nested PCR with primers specific for the gagand pol genes, regardless of whether 100 or 650 ng of DNA wasused as template. We found the gag primers to be at least 10-fold less sensitive than the env primers, and the pol primers tended to amplify a competing region from the human genome (data not shown).
1 pound ground turkey
the reason him saying that is.. because he thinks my taste for movies is higher than average people. Yeah he's right.. i do always have different opinions from my peers.. but i sometimes do find them describing about a movie way tooooooooooooooooooooo overrated.
Did God speak to you through the Good Friday service? Did you repair a relationship? Did you experience something that changed you in a significant way?
"How do I start a blog?"
There will come a space
my heart sing s some poetry its a beautiful day
I let you fall and I am not sorry
simple a fact that needs to be accepted that young people are too mesmerized by speed and by the flexibility of winding and twisting through traffic? Is it the rush of emotions of seeing how close one can cut off a car before one is lying on a pavement with blood flowing onto the asphalt?
19. The Stars Were Looking - Top Notch Jul 1
On a material level, it is vitality; on an emotional level, it is ambition and dreams;
The Driving Rhythms of **Thanks for Nothing**, **It’s all in Your mind** + **Nowhere** thru the Raw Emotions of **Out of Our Tree** and **So Far,So Bad**.
5. The Amazing Spider-Man
One, McCarver actually believes this.
The answer lies in each game’s approach. Resident Evil encourages cautious ammo use, as a gung-ho approach can spell the end for a player later in the game; Dead Rising has a heavy leaning towards having fun with the undead. And as for Yakuza? As I’m writing about it for another outlet, I can’t say much here – but it turns the undead into an inexpensive and plentiful commoditity, designed purely to explode in a hail of bullets, automatic aiming turning the frenzy into run-and-gun gameplay…and playing pachinko machines. Western approaches favour generally Western-centric gameplay tactics in order to satisfy what they perceive as good Western gameplay: Dead Island features a good few stats and heavy stereotyping, whilst Call of Duty‘s famous Zombies modes riff on the Nazis and previous American Presidents. But they’re missing that essential hook, something that makes fighting off the undead truly special – and with that conclusion in mind, it should generally be observed that the best zombie games are produced by one country and one country only; and that country is Japan.
Each national association is an autonomous body that is encouraged to do all that it can to achieve the objectives of the Federation at the local level but the International Federation is better placed to represent the common concerns of traditional Catholics world-wide at the highest level of Church government.
Tissue paper to decorate.
We had to face reality: The Democrats had been wildly successful in painting the Republican Party as a natural home for right-wing lunatics and nutballs of all stripes. And the party hadn’t helped itself with antics like shutting down the government or failing to denounce the wackos who were busy circulating pictures of Clinton behind the grassy knoll in Dallas. “Compassionate conservative” was the shorthand that would signal to the world that Bush was different. We wanted people to hear it and think that yes, Bush was a conservative, but he cared about education, cared about the poor and lower-middle class, cared about finding new solutions to vexing problems of inequality. There had been a lot of back and forth over who actually coined the term but there’s no question it was Rove and Bush who had latched onto it and wrapped the Bush candidacy around the concept. If it worked, compassionate conservatism would be the way to cut the Gordian knot that was holding back the Republican party. Like the Democrats in the 1980s, the Republican party’s growth was bounded by its extremes.
We are seeing British kids, seemingly unaware that compared to most places they could have been born, they've actually got it quite cushy. Ok, the jobs situation sucks, and their prospects are not great. There are growing divisions between rich and poor. Public services are being cut. But essentially these kids are alive, safe, fed, housed, living in a democratic country with human rights... and they're taking advantage of safety in numbers to wreck homes, endanger lives, to get their kicks, to get flash tvs and trainers.
Loren is available for speaking events, classroom visits, lectures, workshops, break out sessions, signings, readings, conferences, panels, one on ones, clinics, consulting and keynote addresses, all with a primary focus of guiding artists in the right direction by empowering, education and inspiring them to take in the music industry of today.
Mother reports that her kids enjoy staying home. “We have it worked out,” mother explained, “so that while I’m at work, the oldest does her work on the computer. Then she can help the other two with their assignments.”
17. Every best friend get a next best friend. Your secrets are spread from best friend to best friend to best friend.
There are other people who are masters at grudge holding. They carries their grudges around with them, heavy in their pockets, and at the end of the day they take out their grudges, and look at them, and polish them up like precious jewels, then they return them to their pockets to carry around the next day. Rinse, repeat. So, why do some people hold grudges? Many people use grudges to cut themselves off from the person who hurt them. They feel that this distance protects them, but in reality it effectively cuts off the chance for positive communication, resolution, and forgiveness.
A different movie-based joyride is the Pirates of the Caribbean (also in Adventureland). There is no minimum height or age requirement for this one, yet still they managed to create an ambiance that pleases small children as well as adults at the same time. It is a fairly relaxing boat ride, with small drops, but hearing the skulls talk to you and some pirates singing and drinking rum is worth every bit of your time.
I feel a little bad posting this because my Aussie ladies can't get them as cheap as me. I love you ladies!
was a case where the
Thank you again to “Expert of None”…I appreciate the nomination! I am off to a Grand Opening…I hope there is parking! Have a great day!
“For the best part of a hundred years Parliament has been passing laws that increase the Government’s powers at the expense of people and communities.
All pieces will remain available until Sold.
Me: what’s the matter then?
Signage Volunteers-hanging signs
8). Ryan Tannehill, QB to Miami. Right guy, right team, right picking order! With all the “hoopla” over Luck and Griffin III, the talents of this QB out of Texas A&M were largely “under the radar.” That is, except in Miami. The new Offensive Coordinator, Mike Sherman knows Tannehill, and was expected to have a large say in his coming to the Dolphins, now that QB Henne is gone.
I know that if I had my own car I would have found a way to bring this home with me! I'm not sure where I would put it but I could certainly fill it up!
Sir Anthony and Lady Carole Bamford. Sir Ant is the chairman of JCB. Donations: £2m.
The ‘degrading and immoral’ content caused Lydia's name to be roundly damned from many a New York pulpit, but such an indignant reaction only helped to spread the word, providing great publicity with more and more punters eager to pay to see what all the fuss was about.
He said: I hereby make a covenant. Before all your people I will perform marvels, such as have not been performed in all the earth or in any nation; and all the people among whom you live shall see the work of the LORD; for it is an awesome thing that I will do with you.
But the drummers were hysterical and having a lengthy heated 'discussion' (this lasted about 30 minutes) Seems the drummers were offended by the arrogance of their MOCK Assembly aka General Assembly (G.A ) for even suggesting they not pound away 24/7. But, the G.A. was pulling rank.
John Boyle O’Reilly
The fire took place April 1st. Back in May, the manager said he hoped the store would reopen in July. Now, he told McBrooklyn he's hoping for September, but no promises. One problem they ran into had to do with insurance, he said.
Aug 28 – Casbah @ Tremont Music Hall – Charlotte, NC (W/Valencia)
The versatile defender, who was sent off on the opening day of the season against Bolton Wanderers and then spent time on loan in the Championship at Nottingham Forest, returned to make 22 outings in the Barclays Premier League for the R's, as well as three FA Cup appearances.
and everything.
I have mixed feelings about potatoes.
I see the small changes that are this area's signs of season changing.
Moss covered pots, bowls and fillers from Save On Crafts: This collection of natural moss covered pieces truly captures the rustic natural elements of the Twilight wedding. Can be used to create centerpieces for the tables or chair decorations.
The very fact that there are rulers and subjects makes it demonstrably clear that there are two destinies for Christians. Some are rulers and some are not. Now, unless you believe that EVERYONE that gets judged by the HOLY ONES gets JUDGED ADVERSELY, then you have to see that for anyone to get a favorable judgment, they must acknowledge Christ as Philippians 2 tells us. So once again, there would have to be Christians who are not judges? I am not sure why this escapes you.
Although myself, I don’t think it’s necessary for them to have all these things, i think that the rest of the world is kinda forcing my hand here..
I stayed at an RV park in Cortez, CO on Tuesday, this town is the closest to my job. I wanted to check out the town and to stop at the grocery store. I arrived at the office on Wednesday at 8:40am and was done with all of the paperwork by 9:10, they even made my ID card and badge during this time, but they did not have the list to know what RV site I was assigned to. I was told check-in could take up to 4 hours, they usually check in a large group all at once. Since I was early, they processed my paperwork first and I was able to leave.
Turn 1: First block I throw I break armor and stun a dwarf... I like how this is starting out!
4 boneless loin pork chops
Dioncounda also carries significant political baggage with him. He is a savvy insider, and as speaker of the National Assembly since 2007, he let the country’s sole legislative body become a rubber stamp for decisions made by President Amadou Toumani Touré. He is therefore associated with the same corruption, nepotism and abuse that made Touré so unpopular during his second term (2007-2012).
So Mexico City would sort of be cheating, since we already left it behind after a wonderful and memorable two years there, only two and a half years ago. But I miss Mexico. And Mexico seems to miss the Viking and wants him back very badly (good thing he's so lovable. No one would ever want me back, I know it). It seems however, that South Africa wouldn't mind us staying another year, but lately, all talk of ants in my pants and various crevices (those bastards get everywhere, they do) aside, we've began to think that perhaps a change of scenery would be an appropriate move.
Poly would gain the umbrella and cross-pollination of a larger university, and significant potential increase in revenue: improved opportunities for grant funds and a larger and better-qualified student body, compounded by NYU’s higher (by about 20%) tuition. (NYU’s is $35,283 tuition plus $11,780 room and board, while Poly’s is $29,894, plus $10,500. Engineering schools generally have higher costs.) NYU students receive fewer Pell Grants; while NYU has said it will continue to help needy students, Poly alumni have questioned the level of that commitment.
JON THOR BIRGISSON: Just took the whole song and just took a small bit from it, reworked it and made it into a loop. And that's basically this song, but with everything new, because it's backwards. When you turn things backwards things get new melodies and it's actually often so beautiful. A really beautiful melody comes from it. So, it was kind of funny, it was kind of an accident.
One of these road blocks,
Traditionally, I am also posting a swatch of a polish from the swap pack. The very first one I tried was Inocos Dancar, but I was on the run and didn't take pictures of it :( So, I'm posting the second "try": Andreia #96 (you can see the bottle on the first picture).
But, it's okay. We're okay, and she's better then okay.
Practice working on yourself instead of worrying about what the next day will bring… Negative thinking will run you down in the worse way! Belief consists in accepting the affirmations of the soul; unbelief in denying them.
Sydney took the field at Allianz Stadium on Sunday to play the Newcastle Jets. With a bid to the A-League finals hinging on a victory — the Sky Blues were tied with Newcastle for sixth place heading into the game — the “boys in blue” defeated the Jets 3-2.
Or else, they will cut a deal – and appear before a truth and reconciliation committee in exchange for one time of forgiveness.
And help from governments has the same aim. Margaret Beckett of Tony Blair’s government stated on 18 April, 2007 that the job of government is ‘to make sure that the rest of the world’ is ‘safe and well-disposed for our businesses’. Gordon Brown, now British prime minister implored the CBI, last November, to be ‘evangelists for globalisation’ through which Britain will ‘find its destiny as a nation’. Both Blair and Brown have imposed neo-liberal policies on Africa, resulting in the destruction of the local economy and an open market for powerful companies to exploit.
traditional agave spirits, the bar will showcase an impressive
A quick example of when FKTs don't make sense: Here in Boulder where there are no races allowed, FKTs exist almost organically, but in my original mountain running home-base of Colorado Springs, the notion of keeping track of such things becomes almost instantly comical, because races are allowed there. The Barr Trail up Pikes Peak is maybe the most obvious line up and down almost any mountain in the country, but there is no need for an FKT on the mountain because Matt Carpenter has already laid down a ridiculously stout course record in the sanctioned race. However, on the entirely aesthetic Mt. Rosa just to the south an equally obvious and pure line exists up its east face that climbs 5mi and 4000' to it's 11,500' summit cone. If that peak existed in Boulder it would be the most valued FKT in the area.
Warning! This is a LONG post gushing with craftiness!
tears.
We decided when we moved in together 3 years ago that we would spend Christmas Eve just the two of us, (one day as just our little family) and Christmas day would be celebrated with our "extended" families. Since my fam has been on the East Coast for the last 2 Christmases the tradition has changed to brunch/ family day and dinner/ sleepover at the Joneses with lots of movies and leftovers on boxing day!
We had the odd blip and mishap here & there, but it wouldn't be Podrophenia without a bit of that!On the whole, I think we came out very pleased (and not a little relieved) with how it went.
The next few days I am going to have sports on in the store. The Blue Jays season opener is tomorrow afternoon and this weekend is the Masters. I gave myself permission to start Tiny Tea Leaves so that I have easy knitting while watching.
The odds against it nevertheless, the Bersih 3.0 sit-in protest has to and needs to happen, looking at the ignoble act of the EC which has shamelessly colluded with the “powers-that-be” in hiding the wrongdoings taking place each time the country’s elections’ are held.
As a blush fiend, it take a lot to truly impress me, and I was rather impressed by the smooth and incredibly fine texture of the Blush Imperiale. It felt extremely silky to touch when I was swatching, and even more so when applying to my cheek with a brush.
Responsible for troubleshooting and problem solving of SQL development
As worried as I may have been, I tried my best to put the new information at hand in the back of my mind and try relaxing a little. One episode was certainly enough for that evening…and I didn’t see my ex holding up a lighter for an encore performance…so I played it cool. The two of us drove home in silence for the most part, enjoying the radio and the warm evening…until I asked her what she meant when she said “there’s more?”
It appeared to Shankar that the man was hiding something. Shankar didn’t insist on an answer. The gentleman cooked roti for dinner. Halfway through the dinner he shouted: Damnit!
Drizzle with a little olive oil and bake for 30-35 minutes until soft and melting inside. Meanwhile make the honeyed pear and almonds.
I read if the bloom gets pollinated the flower turns into a red apple like fruit. Since I have no sphinx moths here I suppose it will just dry up and die within the next day or so. Thanks again to Saint Rob for the cutting and to Grammy Cracker for the means by which to document the bloom.
Luke 10:1
Pynchon stood aghast
You may, however, feel free to expand and elevate yours.
Don't worry. I'm not on my death bed. I just needed to go for some vaccinations for my upcoming Thailand trip.
So what about you? If you could live in any book universe--contemp or magical or dystopian or other--which would you choose? Visit YA Highway to share your answer!
Card #1 Endless Creations
I have a bad habit of ending up at the grocery store just about every. damn. day. And I try really hard not to do this. I make a list like a normal person, buy everything on it, and inevitably I'll end up at the store the next day because of one fricken thing I totally forgot about. And it'll be something that is really needed like an important ingredient for whatever it is I'm making for dinner that night or my husband's deodorant, or dog food. Yesterday wasn't any different. While I was there I wisely figured, hey, why don't I get everything for tomorrow night's dinner too so that I'm not right back here doing exactly this same thing. Tacos sounded like a good idea and the kids love them, so that's all made of win! And the husband tolerates them, so that's...whatever, his dinner is ready and served to him when he gets home.
This was embarrassing at first: I felt foolish, pretentious. But the results were so good that I soon overcame that. The more I trusted the Daemon, the more I gave It a free hand, the more quickly It returned to me with a solution. Very rarely did It fail. So when I read this account of Kipling's, I had already learned the truth of what he says: Resist the daemon, and it will kill your story and leave. Obey it, and it will help you.
Yesterday was my ONE year anniversary at Lifetime with Weight Watchers and I have way too many words for it to be a Wordless Wednesday. Last night, was also the same night of The Year in Review: Red Carpet Debut.
RECOMMENDATION: See it. Just keep in mind this is a complete reboot into a comedy franchise, and is not at all serious. Incorrect expectations ruin remakes for a lot of people — don’t be one of them.
hiiiii I'm just popping in real quick because I miss my little blog & I've noticed quite a few new followers so I wanted to thank you all so much for reading & stopping by!! It makes me so happy :) I do have to thank Kristen for all of her shout outs lately because I'm sure thats where most of you found me!
How come they didn’t know any of this? When I told them, some just laughed, and some rolled their eyes. Nobody really wanted to know. If these are the guys who are concerned about the environment – the ones who are supposed to be spreading awareness and informing other people – I wondered, what are the prospects for the future…
I'm thinking I would have loved to have had my baby shower photographed.
redingote – from the French corruption of “riding coat”, a long, fitted woman’s coat, belted and open to reveal the skirt of the dress beneath
Throughout my life – Freddie has given voice to many of the emotions I did not know how to express. His songs are the most beautiful poetry, even with out the music.
On the way over, one of the bloggers asked, admittedly awkwardly, if the meal was going to be comped. No, why would it be? It struck me as odd that she would even ask, but then it got even more worrisome. There was a lot of picture-taking at the table, tweeting and status updating. And I was really surprised by what people ate, and even more by what they didn’t eat. They weren’t eating the offal. I’d ordered a couple plates of ‘hoof and mouth terrine’ for the table, and hardly anyone took a bite. By and large, the blogger half ordered on the conservative side of the menu, and even when they did order something with an organ or two in it, they languished on the plate. I actually offered to finish the bits off for the woman sitting next to me- she herself admitted feeling embarrassed that she’d be sending back the exact bits this particular chef was is so passionate about.
photo by mario testino
Still, in an ideal situation, I would like to produce much cleaner galleys, and I think I have done that for my third novel, Lovelier than Daylight.
So I am going to attend the NEA conference in Washington, DC this year. I decided to go because I can take my family. My girls are old enough now to maybe appreciate a trip to Washington and my local union will pay my way... so what better way to get a little vacation too.
I have two boys. Right now they are 9 and 4. Now, if you have, say girls, the opinion of boys might not be of help, but you could certainly use their opinion as a reference point. Let’s say you do have boys, but they are neither 9 nor 4, you can at least imagine how they were or will be at one of these ages. What I can give you straight is my opinion, as a parent, based on the reactions of my children to the event and how happy it made me.
I am Divergent.
Chick N' Friends
Doo-wop. 60's rock. Reggae. Blues. Newer tunes which MJ has drilled into my brain.
Historically something of an East London vacuum – ‘but there’s no tube stations?’, goes the common, puzzled refrain from the rest of the capitol – the area has been on the up and up over the last few years. Some call it gentrification or mutter disapprovingly about hipsters, others are quick to point out that as much as some areas of the Borough have changed or ‘improved’, others are still struggling to make social and cultural ends meet. But however you see it, Hackney is increasingly become an excellent place to live.
The next piece - Black Work Pants. I live in these at work and again I wore my last pair ragged. I have looked high and low for a good reasonably priced pair of these and ended up going back to Express. They fit great, come in short (a huge plus considering my height), and they hold up in the wash.
The poll is open and runs until Friday 26th August 2011. The winning character will be announced on Tuesday 30th August 2011. The poll will be supported by regular Facebook updates.
The only people, I give a fuck about being CREDIBLE with, are those who VALUE 100% HONESTY, the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth, NOT ONLY IN WORDS, BUT IN TONE OF VOICE, AND IN BODY LANGUAGE!!!
He slammed the phone down happily and skipped off to find his uncle.
Oh, and here is just one more success of gun bans at schools. The system worked!
You are shown a video which was very informative.
Last week I was traveling and missed the challenge so I was anxious to do this one. I've wanted to do an egg-y Zentangle for a couple of weeks, but held off hoping that Laura a.k.a "I am the Diva" would issue an egg related challenge. This one was a lot of fun for me.
Let me start over again. We have a fantastic cookie recipe,
2) Chili powder or chili paste, 1 table spoon
If that's your worst scenario, get a grip.
What has been the biggest challenge you’ve faced so far? Finding my way into the book blogger world, and picking my background... hehehe ^.^
1 crouched
1. The stellar cast.
A few years ago after a weekend-long swim camp I ran into one of the coaches in the shower after another gruelling session. Guys being guys, we made small talk so it’s less awkward when we shower under the same roof.
“The Schechter Institute, its leadership and most of its student body adamantly object, purely from a halachic point of view, to the ordination of gays and lesbians,” said Dubi Hayun, one of the teachers at the school. “The American students' request is thus utterly disrespectful. It is tantamount to coming to a vegetarian’s home and eating a big, fat steak.”
What a mouthful. The bolding is mine.
The buzz
Presenter: Michael Barbour
As a nation, we ought to be embarrassed at our collective ignorance. And as a nation, we ought to fight for programs like the one in was shut down in Arizona.
Romney raising questions about Mr. Obama’s inability to deliver on promises, his economic policies, his false moderation, and his evasion of constitutional checks and balances dovetails nicely with the argument that Barack Obama, lame duck, will prove more reckless and more ineffective, driving the economy further down, which spells grave trouble for the nation.
Saturday morning my family packed up to meet my sister's family (sadly only her husband and 2 of their boys could make it since one of them was very sick), and other friends' families. Our destination? Emigrant Springs State Park. It's a campground situated off I-84 just far enough that the sound of passing semis doesn't interfere with the natural sounds of wilderness. The park offers tent sights, trailer/RV sights, hike-to tent sights, horseback trails with appropriate camping sights, and cabins. We rented a cabin since it's January. There's really too much snow for tent camping and even though the park plows a few sights for trailer accessibility, we would've had to lay our tent on top of cold black top. The cabin was more than what I expected. If I had thoroughly read my confirmation receipt, I'd have know that it had a gas stove/oven on the porch, electricity, heating, and a mini fridge. I left my laptop power cord at home because I didn't know there was electricity there, so I only had enough battery power to last through two movies (one for the kids while we drank beer by the fire, and the other movie was for me and Bob). Oh well, I needed a new stove anyways (we bought a new one for this trip), since our previous one broke. The cabin itself was very comfortable and well-heated. I love cabins and natural wood just sets the right mood for "cozy". The only thing that was uncomfortable were the mattresses, which were pretty thin, but not horribly thin. I would suggest bringing your own air mattress for the beds on the floor. They can be laid on top of the existing mattresses, other than the top bunk. The plus side to these mattresses is that they are covered in vinyl and therefore are waterproof and don't have other peoples'...um...you know I'm kind of a germ freak, right? Well, here's the low-down on everything:
I think that it’s interesting to note that I have never had the reason for a party not having legal representation be financial. Parenthetically, I would note that Israel actually has a fairly extensive and competent system of Legal Aid, and those who fit the financial criteria are eligible for representation in all matters of Family Law (with the exception of those trying to milk the system while refusing to give a get.) In addition, the Israel Bar Association sponsors a pro-bono program for people with limited means who make too much money to be eligible for Legal Aid, but don’t have enough money to pay for a lawyer.
Speaking of summer produce, my fridge is now full of pounds of fresh sweet raspberries and strawberries, a few pounds of cherries too. I am too excited (and a bit overwhelmed) just thinking of the possibilities of their destiny in a cake/dessert form. A suggestion of your favorite summer cake/dessert that includes berries and/or cherries is greatly appreciated :).
The steps were very shaky and we definitely knew that the lack of railings were a safety hazard. R’s friend J came over and quickly helped R shape up the deck steps. They completely replaced both sets of outdoor stairs. One set leads into the side yard and the other one is into our basement entrance. After they finished that, I got inspired to start power washing the deck and the house. Because the yard is dark, the house started turning green on the siding. Luckily, a quick blast with the power washer will take it off. NOTE: If you have not used a power washer, be careful. Yes, the first time I thought it was perfectly safe. How much pressure can be generated from a regular hose? Oh, a lot. These things can go through fabric, cause serious “washer burn” on skin, and strip paint. R was power washing a little too close to the house and we noticed that the paint was coming off a little. You have to be careful about distance with them. I had to get it very close to the deck to get the desired effect but it’s best to experiment with a hidden section and start off further away than necessary.
With all that said, where should they start on fixing the D? The line? Linebackers? Secondary? I’ve heard a few names dropped and analysts saying all sorts of stuff, but one guy popped out at me and will probably be right in the Packers wheelhouse. He is DE Nick Perry out of USC. Perry, 6’3″ 271lbs, ran a 4.64 40yrd dash and is looked at by many as a OLB in a 3-4 scheme at the NFL level. As a top pass rusher in college, Perry had 9.5 sacks last season which led the PAC 12. I feel he is exactly what the Pack need to get back on track to the super bowl. They were at the bottom of the league in sacks last year and a pass rusher like Perry can take some pressure off of Matthews on the other side.
Thursday, September 20th–Therapy.
Be it five hundred extra calories or so,
I hope you all had a wonderful Easter weekend! The weather here in Southern California has been going through some mood changes, one day cold and rainy and the next hot and ready for the pool. Thankfully, Easter weekend was gorgeous. And I was able to get some great photos of the latest.
Application deadline is Friday, February 3, 2012 (plenty of time for you to plan, design and enter your creation!) And the best part... there is $2,000 in prize money!
Today's giveaway is for those of you who like e-books. Preorder a copy of THE COWBOY TAKES A BRIDE today March 20th from 12:00 noon CST to 8:00 p.m. CST on ebook and I'll send you a $10.00 Amazon gift card.
OUR FUCKING HERO, LADIES AND GENTLEMEN.
but I'm among friends ... right?
I went to bed early, as I have been instructed to do (as per this post). I had created a list of things I needed to do this weekend before I laid down in an effort to stay my mind from drilling me over all of the stuff I “should” be doing (or just flat out reminding me of what I need to do in the coming days despite the fact that I have told my brain time and time again that I’ve got it covered). I laid there for a bit, and as my mind traveled, it wandered to one of the worst topics it could find for sleeping – money and food.
4) Saturday’s Schedule -
I made and baked the baguettes, focaccia, turnovers, palmiers, samosas, and cupcakes ahead of time and froze them. The thawed cupcakes were iced on the day of the party, and the samosas reheated. Pesto and hummus were made the night before, and fruit and veggies were cut the day of the party.
Day 7 & 8: At Sea
And the Big Buttercream Breakthrough
My favourite part of the room is the world map wall mural with the string and photos showing the families trips overseas.
We had a wonderful day. The venue was Pembroke Lodge in Richmond Park, London. As you can see by the photographs it was a perfect place and the views over the city were wonderful. Mother nature was kind and the sun shone and was quite warm. A perfect wedding. I thought I would share it with you.
5. Take out the button tool.
She blinked as he walked away. Different. Yes. That was one way of looking at it. She started twirling the necklace she always wore; a necklace, her mother told her, was given by her father just before he left. He left, so her mother told her, because he had to.
Only, from the long line of spray
Starting with Executive Order No. 62, we find that it deals with and regulates houses and lot rentals. If the legislature had not already acted and legislated on this matter since the promulgation of Commonwealth Act No. 671, this would be a proper field for Presidential action. However, the legislature had already promulgated Commonwealth Act No. 689 and Republic Act No. 66, regulating house rentals and, as late as the month of May, 1947, Congress passed House Bill No. 978 further amending Commonwealth Act No. 689. In other words, in thus acting, the Legislature had already shown its readiness and ability to legislate on this matter, and had withdrawn it from the realm of presidential legislation or regulation under the powers delegated by Commonwealth Act No. 671. Not only this, but in issuing rules and regulations in the form of executive orders under his delegated powers, the Chief Executive merely acts as an agent of the legislature, his principal which made the delegation. As such agent, he cannot go against the policy and expressed desire of his principal.
3 x (485)Tong Garden Salted Peanuts = 1.20
In Murray’s view, Lloyd-Jones was “open to some criticism”38 in this controversy. First o f all, Murray thinks that the argument in places depended over-much on the Doctor’s interpretation of the contempary situation so that it “looked more like a matter ofjudgement than ofBiblical principle”. This, however, is open to debate but Lloyd-Jones put no pressure at all on individuals to secede. In my own experience, he discouraged me initially from seceding and wanted to know precisely which Biblical principles I was seeking to honour. It is also a fact that Lloyd-Jones left it to individual ministers and churches to decide the correct and wisest time for secession.
I need a good hairstylist. When we moved into this area, I lost the one thing that I knew I would be missing: Shannon, my hair specialist.
So strange. They started giving out the NFL Offensive player of the Year in 1972 -- and the first six years the OPOY was the same as the MVP. In 1978, for the first time, they diverged -- running back Earl Campbell won OPOY, quarterback Terry Bradshaw the MVP. I guess I can see that. Two different positions. Two different responsibilities. I suppose you can make an argument that a quarterback could be more valuable than a running back. It happened again in 1980 when Campbell was OPOY and my hero Brian Sipe was MVP.
I robbed many a man to get my Vincent machine.
OK, enough history, what are these API’s all about?
Photos of the state of Tops supermarket Chiang Mai:
Lightly grease a 9x9 pan and pour in your 'fudge,' spreading it evenly around. If you want to, add some sprinkles now. Then stick it in the fridge for at least an hour to set.
I haven't written much these past few weeks. As much as I escape into writing I also need a calm headspace to operate in, and Christmas brings about turbulence and demands like no other time of year because, as some of you will know, it also marks the time I lost my Mum, 2 years ago.
I see them everywhere. In the street. In the house. In the cellar where I sleep. Day or night, it does not matter.
This unity can only be experienced in the truth. There is no unity in the false Trinity concept. It is the seed of men that mingles with men, but does not cause them to cleave one to another.
Closing Comments
And now for our “TOADally Chic” picks from sketch #53!
And that’s all I’m prepared to say on the matter. As of now, Samir Nasri is just another idiot with a big mouth, and he’ll be treated the way those folks ought be; with contempt, and ignored completely. And to think; when the chips were down at City, this is a guy who took to his Twitter account claiming he would “always be a gooner”.
1-2 of 20
I recall Mr Howe making a documentary in the West Midlands regarding relationships between the black and Asian communities. Asian youths told him to clear off or they were going to 'mash him up.' I would have thought that Mr Howe would have learnt then and since that young people of all races in many communities are out of control for all the reasons previously outlined.
LW, fate has dumped an idiot on you, and there’s really nothing you can do about it aside from getting a divorce. His act of cheating isn’t going to erase itself from your mind, and you will forever view his actions through this lens. I think that the best way to save your sanity and rebuild your self-esteem would be to take your new baby and leave him, but that’s the same thing as me saying “if you want to improve your golf game, just get the ball in the hole in fewer strokes.” I have a ton of sympathy for the victim of a cheating spouse, particularly one with a child. It’s never as easy as just leaving. Though I wish it was.
And I know, I know, it happens to the best of us, but I really do feel terrible about it, because I love all you people who visit and comment on my blog. I can't tell you how happy a little comment makes me. Ridiculously happy. :)
This is one of my first cards designed before I knew much about blogging.
And all I can do is watch it grow
Angels blessing nations now
This time around I am going to try to put together regions instead of one ginormous map.
It was a dinner at a restaurant with myself and six other people. These were not ordinary people. Not friends that I'd had since school. Not coworkers. No, the bond that I held with these people goes much deeper and is stronger and has lasted longer than any other relationships I have had on this earth. For the first time in many years, all of my siblings and I, came together, all in the same place at the same time and for the same reason. Our mother is growing older and she had expressed her desire to have all of her children in one room together. At times while trying to get it planned and all the details worked out...six different people with six different families and schedules was almost a herculean feat...but somehow, we all got together and made it happen.
6 sided perfection
My entire adult life has been a crazy ride. From teen bride- to infertile wife- to foster mother- to Mommy of special needs kids.
I would also refer you to these previous posts:
Geez does it seem like I talk about a lot of non follow through adventures on here or is it just me?
The list of accommodations to specially excuse the mega-monopoly from all sorts of regulatory and procedural requirements is too extensive to attempt to list them all here. Another escape from regulatory safeguards worth mentioning is how the MTA in connection with the land it was furnishing the developer managed to confer extra benefit and a lowered cost on the project by not complying with provisions of relatively new public authority reform legislation intended to prevent abusive favoritism.
Thank you for bringing out the best in me.
I think it’s also getting a better picture of these very violent past events. We’d like to find out more about the scope of those events. We have a lot of old data from past events that’s on paper — in newspapers and so on — and we’re busy trying to find ways to turn it into digital.
to find the air and the water exhilarating;
3. The Asian/Chinese century
This heightened attention to private property rights, at the point at which they can be taken away, exposes insights into the exact nature of those property rights. They are typically described to law students as a “bundle of rights.” Some properties can entail rights that other properties may not have, depending upon where they are located.
Ok, I hope that helps? Please message me somewhere if there's anything else you need to know, but be aware that I'm on holiday and won't reply instantly :)
1 small zucchini, peeled, grated
The door slammed behind him.’
- Who really did put the bop in the bop-sha-bop-sha-bop, and how has that affected your life?
Pigeon Racing a professional sport? Don’t laugh, but yes! And the ,000.00 first place prize for some of the big race is nothing to laugh at either.
‘Well? What do you think?’ asked the beak.
Haramein’s Resonance Project Foundation is a 501(c)(3) non-profit group that studies the magic of ‘collective resonance’, encourages intra-disciplinary scientific residential collaboration and operates within a self-sustaining wholistic facility, using permaculture and gray water recyclng, soil and water conservation, alternative fuels within native and edible landscaping, pollinated by on-site bees.
Our first stop was the Strawberry Lemonade line. It was about a 20 minute wait, but James fell asleep in the middle of the wait. Although tedious, the wait was worth it. The strawberry lemonade was much improved this year - or maybe my taste buds changed - who knows.
So here is my card. The BG Papers, Promarkers, Flowers, Smooth Card and Memento Ink Pad can all be found in Crafty Emma's Store which is packed with goodies. Take a look in the pre-order section where there are tons of new paper pads all with 20% off!
March 10, 2011 9 pm Eastern
This morning I woke up feeling good - 'baby blues' were subsiding and my mother in law was treating me to a massage (she had offered me a prenatal one my entire pregnancy but, I never felt comfortable going in for one). The massage was great. I drove home feeling so comfy and relaxed. However, when I got home, my mother in law told me that Jonas was being overly fussy (odd because he has so far been a very calm baby...sleeping well at night and having defined awake periods during the day). The fussiness got worse. He refused to be put down and would cry whenever his pacifier was out of his mouth. He wouldn't fall asleep no matter what we did. Scared, I called the doctor and suggested I bring him in tomorrow, fearing colic.
White Carrot & Potato Soup - July 23
Because inequitable conduct renders an entire patent (or even a patent family) unenforceable, as a general rule, this doctrine should only be applied in instances where the patentee’s misconduct resulted in the unfair benefit of receiving an unwarranted claim. . . . After all, the patentee obtains no advantage from misconduct if the patent would have issued anyway. . . . Moreover, enforcement of an otherwise valid patent does not injure the public merely because of misconduct, lurking somewhere in patent prosecution, that was immaterial to the patent’s issuance.
CH – 1005 Lausanne Rosendahl
-blue poster tack
Lick It Up
That afternoon, the new teacher headed for the bait store. She made her purchase and returned to school late. She let herself into Ms. Witch’s room and chose three of the fattest, loudest crickets in her bait bucket. She placed the bugs with food in the far corner behind a bookshelf in a previously cased location Mr. Witch was too short to uncover. The thunder of concerted chirping echoed in the room as the newbie closed the door behind her.
anyone else know how that is? Good luck trying to keep it on! LOL
4. L-3055, Guerrero vs. Commissioner of Customs. Supposing that the President still has emergency powers under Commonwealth Act No. 671, and that they include regulation of exportation, inasmuch as the Congress has chosen to legislate on exports (Commonwealth Act No. 728), it has thereby pro tanto withdrawn the power delegated to the President along that field.
Underneath, a yellowed doll lay wrapped in a cloth of gold. Their father picked it up, unwrapped it, and winced. It had messy, black hair that fell to its waist. It wore monk's robes, tied at the waist with a rope. Its round, black eyes were set above a nose so crumbled and misshapen it could hardly be called a nose at all. Instead of a mouth, it had a crude, red slash.
““father, I want those you have given me to be with me where I am; so that they may see my glory, which you have given me because you loved me before the creation of the world.” (John 17:24 CJB)
Next, plot.
Later, by co-incidence (in its proper sense), my family moved to a village close to Woolpit in Suffolk… Then Nicola Lefanu and I made a children’s opera (for King’s Lynn Festival with the ENO Baylis Programme) from the story, involving literally hundreds of children. Later yet, I rewrote the tale from the viewpoint of the green girl… And at the last, this most haunting of tales will still be with me.
"Yes, my head." Demetrius chuckled and winced as he did so. "It'd take more than a woman stepping on my head to kill me."
And a partnership between DOC and University of Otago’s Centre of Design will see a trial of iPads use in the Arthur’s Pass Visitor Centre launched during Conservation Week this September. See the story in our newsletter or find out more on the DOC website www.doc.govt.nz.
Writers will give you all number of reasons for why they choose to spend long hours in isolation, the prospects of publication fragile, financial reward moderate (all but a rare few earn enough to live on from writing fiction alone). Personally, there's no better motivation than stumbling upon a remarkable tale, and wanting to emulate it, to produce a similar effect in someone else.
What do you think? Do you like what you've seen so far? It's pretty cool, actually. And, as a previously reluctant eBook reader, I kinda dig the whole virtual shelving aspect, cause now I feel like I can actually show off the eBooks I've been reading...
If you are sick, give thanks to the Lord for the 99 per cent of your body which is not in pain.
I think the only other thing to say about writing this book was how fab it was to be working alongside other authors - both from a fangirl point of view, but also because of the support we gave each other. I was in regular, hand-holding contact with Kate Hewitt and Carole Mortimer and Sharon Kendrick and it really did make the whole thing seem like quite an adventure. The best bit of which is now, when I get to actually read the books I got such tantalising glimpses into back then! (Am currently LOVING Sharon's book, Kat's Pride. Kat is a fantastic heroine. And as for Carlos... *fans self* Off to read more...)
The chopped scallop got a 9/10 because the scallop was fresh and sauce was nice. And the seaweed was crunchy if I eat it right away. This is nice attention to detail. note: of course, if you leave the Chopped Scallop uneaten for too long, the seaweed will soften and it won’t taste as nice in terms of having a crunchy and smooth taste in your mouth.
So this morning my vehicle of life turned sharply on to Crazy Avenue. I am in a teaching model called a triad - 3 teachers sharing 66 student-where each of us teach reading and then 3 blocks of the subject area we do well in. This morning, I was scheduled to be off so I could attend the Princess’ award ceremony. As I got ready I talked with my first partner who shared with me that she had found out that her grandfather who had a stroke on Friday was being discharged to hospice and wasn’t expected to make it through the week. We talked and had just hung up my phone and headed to get ready for a morning jog when my other teaching partner called crying hysterically. Finally able to piece together her story, I discovered she has fallen and hurt herself. Ever the dedicated teacher she was just going to wrap it and head to work. convinced her to head to the ER letting her know I would take care of school and warning her that she would mostly be having surgery.
It's not a hugely long list at the moment, I'll agree, so I'd be grateful if you could chime in with your own suggestions in the comments below, either of a traditional festive hue or perhaps using more oblique reasoning. Answer soon enough (and provided the track is on Spotify) and I'll add it to the list like a little audio present beneath Spotify's giant Christmas tree. Answer later than 19 December, and I'll probably be too busy to do that. Soz, but other obligations beckon.
The reputation of living cheap below the Equator in a "third world latin country" has lasted way longer than its validity. Nowadays those who can afford to and who have U.S. visas fly to Miami to shop.
Petrus Oak Aged Pale
But there are times when someone says something, or something comes up and it hits me in the chest. Hate. Bitterness. Unforgiveness. I wish I could be like Louis and let it all go at once. But perhaps these things aren’t directly relateable. For him, his suffering was definitely in his past. I have to see my children integrated into my ex’s new life. It is painful each time he takes them away for the weekend. Each time, I have to actively choose forgiveness so that I don’t wallow in bitterness. And it is tough.
Blue Dress with Bows
Establishment of AHTUs in the State has shown results at the ground level resulting in increase in the number of cases registered, number of rescue operations and more convictions.
I hope this finds you all well. I'm "in the zone" and have been for the past several days. Before that...I was sort of in and out of it...as I tried to get back in the swing of things after my illnesses in May/June. The scale said 196 this morning--and body fat has come down from where it was. I've been moving a lot this weekend and intend to keep moving this coming week. Eating is on point. So far so good. I have a 10k race in 7 weeks that I need to get ready for. This is more of a fun social thing than a serious sort of race. It is one of those "mud runs". But, I still want to be able to do it in a respectable amount of time and not be a total lame-o! LOL I ran 4.5 miles yesterday morning..for the first time in a long time. Slow...steady.....hopefully I can get up to 6 miles soon and speed it up a bit.
It was odd being merely a passenger in this transaction about who would be spending eight hours a day in our house Monday through Friday. Whereas my lovely wife could glean information about what type of cleaning products Ethel used, what her favorite recipes were, and how long it would take her to arrive at our house, the only criteria I could rely for our potential empleada was her demeanor.
I believe if you tell a young girl of 6 to try that scarf on, she feels beautiful. I know I certainly used to like to play dress up when I was little. I believe it is ok to dream the impossible dream. I believe there is a knight in shining armor for all women, if they take the time to look and are receptive. (I do not care if that is male or female)
Unsurprisingly I’m in the camp that says the bonds guys are right. But, I recognise equally that Archimedes principal on leverage is being used by the Fed and its central bank cohort to lift equities and they hope to create optimism and drag the real economy and main street along for the ride eventually. How this lever works is fairly simple – in keeping rates at or near zero the discount rate of any future set of cash flows is zero, or close to it, which means the net present value of those cash flows is huge. Just like the Australian dollar benefits from the carry trade, so central bankers in the developed world are encouraging the biggest carry trade in the history of the world – rates at zero so buy equities.
So adieu!
It's no secret that California's regulatory and tax climate is driving business investment to other states. California's high cost of living also is driving people away. Since 2000 more than 1.6 million people have fled, and my own research as well as that of others points to high housing prices as the principal factor.
On top of this, Muslim women have been wearing the burka for decades in the western world and for hundreds of years in the Muslim world. We’ve gotten by without any major problems before. So why make such a fuss about it now?
Remember RUSH HOUR, when Chris Tucker was all like, "Never touch a Black man's radio!"? Well, it's the same with a Black female's hair. You don't touch it unless she tells you it's okay. Black females go through a lot for their hair. There are even some styles so elaborate, that the wearers sleep in chairs to keep them perfect. It doesn't matter who you are: her boyfriend, her step-mother, her "loved like a play-cousin" friend, you just don't touch a Black woman's hair. I, personally, am totally not picky about it, but I'm just trying to help you all keep your hands.
Our final day was jam-packed. The brother of Cali-born Diablo dancer Jekyns Peláez, kindly escorted us into the green mountains above Valle de Cauca. We piled into the car and zoomed beyond city traffic, ascending onto a single bumpy road, past coffee farms and livestock, to arrive at La Chorrera del Indio, a lush oasis off a splashing river.
“Good girl.”
About: I was up one night last week, feeling alone and slightly drunk. I decided to make a playlist for my girlfriend which I've been meaning to do for quite some time. Basically she used to listen to Black Metal but not enough to know bands by name. I also do not know what specific subgenres she listened to... I mainly listen to atmospheric/ambient/melancholic types of black metal, songs that make me FEEL.
Dear Free-Range Kids: I am sure you get this kind of question in the subject line all the time, but I am really curious what other Free-Range parents would say.
I don't have one. I use to read Teen Vogue and Seventeen, but I've never been crazy obsessed with fashion.
Heaven, works, like Heaven should. It’s knights in shining armor, glowing horses, Angels, the whole thing. I was never that much into playing with “humans” but my boyfriend loves it and the city works like it is supposed to.
Morning folks.....I'm having another go at the Less is More Challenge which this week is a simple sketch.....but I've come to the conclusion that perhaps I am not as "less is more" as I thought...that old habit of inky edges rears it's head again....the urge was almost too much for me.
I am such a sucker for a good stripe. ZGallerie has some pretty cool stripe items to jazz up your outdoor area. Oh, how I would love to have this Portofino Pavilion. I would just pretend to be in Miami all the time in this cool cabana. I would never want to unload the dishwasher or sweep the floor when I could be relaxing in this mesmerizing space. Hello luxury, nice to meet you!
And don't think that a little here and there isn't enough! Over time it adds up. Just like consistant small deposits into a savings account add up to something big after many months, so does your food storage, emergency survival gear, and even your sustainable resources and skills.
In fact, if we enter the shooting menu while in automatic mode we'll notice that some options, among which the white balance, can't be changed.
Blood transfusion centres used to just give you a cup of tea and a selection of biscuits. Things are looking up, though my friend opined she has never fully understood why doctors stopped using leeches and ‘bleeding’ patients on a regular basis.
TMD gets supercharged at end Gravity Gun gets supercharged at end
I respect Sandberg. And I respect my female mentor. But they are both golden children. Both had sponsors. I’ve seen many more women without sponsors who have not succeeded. Who get a “rep” from one group of boys and couldn’t shake it. Management chose to believe the gossipy sensations of a bunch of insecure young men over trusting the woman’s actual work output. And it’s not just women, right? If you don’t fit into whatever your cool club is at work you’re left out. And having these confident golden children tell us we’re just being too negative or as Sandberg puts it “slowing down” shows they don’t understand how lucky they’ve had it. That not everyone else will walk the same path.
What can I say? I’m speechless. I’m really feeling quite good and strong and I know that there will be difficult times ahead for me, but I really feel like, as my psychologist stated, I have the strength now to fight myself through.
We catch these relationships all on one rainy day in the San Fernando Valley. Some of these relationships are happy, others are stressed or sad. For example, there isa religious cop who has fallen in love with a woman so blindly, he cannot see she is strung out on drugs. A young boy is under tremendous pressure to win on a game show by his father. The host of the game show is an old man dying of cancer while his young trophy spends her day trying to score morphine.
muscle cramps
PBD waiting in the wings. She will be starting with us during
“You okay with this?” Tattletale asked.
Well, she does. It's just embarrassing to admit I talk to myself. But if I'm going to admit it anywhere, it may as well be on the world wide web.
- I bought a used bike at this thing they were having in Val a few weeks ago. Hopefully, I'll get some good use out of it this year. Denise and I have done some biking to some shops and out to the university and back. The plan for this weekend or next is to bike out by where my colleague lives which apparently has some nice paths and nature to see.
Johnson did all her fundraising on Twitter. Di keeps us posted on Facebook. Say what you will about social networks, at times like these they're worth their weight in megabytes.
1 denoted
photo: in my old house, world aids day two years ago
With rampant crime and a stagnant economy where exactly is this country going under the Panchayat? That is a question that the Rani cannot and won’t answer. She has no vision or mission beyond holding on desperately to power so that the rest of her small goal Cobo Squad can feast!
I did the only thing available to me – I wound down my window, stuck my face out and bellowed “Out of my way – I have no fucking clue how this will end” and took my foot off the brake. The cars behind us quickly slammed into reverse and hightailed it down the hill in a really well coordinated snaking motion and we thundered on down too – I was delighted that so many nice people got out of our way so quickly.
EDIT: The store I got the board games from is well worth a shout-out. Clifton Road Games near Exeter city centre. Lots of board games to browse and a motley collection of miniature gaming ranges and supplies. A friendly staff member was happy to recommend me games based on my somewhat vague parameters. Without that I'd probably have left without a purchase as I wasn't after anything specific. But after just one game of Evo I'm happy with my purchase.
the late day light
French fries!!! Well, only if they had no calories. If we are counting calories then...um, idk.
“Recently I was visiting Bhatinda in Punjab because of an epidemic of farmers’ suicides. Punjab used to be the most prosperous agricultural region in India. Today every farmer is in debt and despair. Vast stretches of land have become waterlogged desert. And, as an old farmer pointed out, even the trees have stopped bearing fruit because heavy use of pesticides has killed the pollinators — the bees and butterflies.
2-1/2 cups (560 grams) homemade ricotta or top-quality ricotta
President, National Defense University (’77-’81)
blue-
The committee, in short, has a massive record of dubious behavior to examine.
Other: PTI - Fillable Frames #11 die, SU-Square Lattice Embossing Folder, PTI Buttons, Dimensionals
"She loved to talk about her children but never talked about her husband or their relationship," Henry said in a telephone interview from Italy. "It never seemed like a very close relationship. But I never saw anything that indicated she might be in danger, nothing to make me worry about her."The Atlanta Journal-Constitution reported that Zinkhan dumped his jeep, passport inside.
Beta-carotene Ka-pow!
Next up on UNSIGNED AND UNHOLY we have the metalcore band Vera Grace from Oxfordshire. The band consists of Stephen Nulty (vocals), Jonjo Williams (guitar), Chris Thirtle (guitar), Aaron Godfray (bass) and last but not least Josh Williams (drums).
Quite simply, attention to grammar and spelling, double line spacing and clear presentation help. That will alert me at the beginning that the author has a professional interest in their writing. In terms of content, I see a vast number of copycat stories – as soon as there is a bestselling children’s book, we will become inundated with weak copies of it, which never works. Publishers and agents are after the next big thing, not the last one. True originality is therefore very important. There may be a risk taking element at play here – someone who doesn’t automatically think ‘this is for children so we’ll have to have some little animals in it’ or ‘we can’t have a murder mystery for children’ will produce a less attractive text than somebody who has had a compelling story in their mind for years and sets out to make it work for children. As a rule of thumb, children are generally a great deal more sophisticated than debut authors seem to regard them.
I’ve had my say and now it’s time for me to go. One love, my friends.
later when she leaves the room
Burnt orange blouse: ASOS
Place a square piece of paper down on a hard, flat surface with its edges to the left and right, top and bottom.
Finally, Dr. Rick Smith, Executive Director of Environmental Defence phrased his opposition to the pipeline like this: “The proposed Gateway project is a gateway alright: a gateway to a future where we destroy our coast with oil supertankers, radically increase the pollution coming from the tar sands and double down on a path toward dangerous levels of climate change.”
“Let the jury consider their verdict,” the King said, for about the twentieth time that day.
Little kids just crack me up. My friend's little boy refused to go anywhere near the pizza yet somehow managed to get it all over his shirt. Then, at one point he was tearing through the house with all his fave loot gathered in his arms and his cousin was running behind him yelling, 'But you gotta share!!' It was hilarious.
(You might remember that my dad was diagnosed, about 9 months ago, with a very advanced stage of
If you like lemon, I guarantee you will LOVE these delicate lemony treats. Here is the recipe for you.
9- Finish half the rice in stuffing grape leaves then begin to stuff cabbage. After plzcing all stuffed grape leaves in the pan put it on a high heat with 2 cups of chicken broth and cover till boil then lower the heat to low and allow it to cook in about 20 minutes.
"It's striking that even though the analytical chemistry doesn't indicate exposure, the biology does," says Andrew Whitehead, a biologist at Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge, who led the study. "We can measure all the chemistry we want in the environment, but if want to know whether organisms have been exposed, we have to ask them."
We ended up getting chicken on a stick and fish from Penn's (local fish place). On the way back to see the circus (that ended up NOT happening due to the equipment being wet - boo!) and ride the big yellow slide (also closed due to wetness - BOO!) I got my elephant ear. Oh, the goodness. It's basically fried dough with cinnamon sugar on it - I think it' an un-funneled funnel cake!
A good, calm silence. Not a thought (okay, maybe a few hundred in my weakest of moments) spared for the abyss of the internets.
*Note Snickers waiting in the wings for her to drop a fry his way.
clear translation from a womenswear trend, as
That was the end. The only time I glimpsed her again was on a street in Cambridge, where, catching sight of me, she promptly crossed to the other side. Sad, very sad. Years passed, and the one thing I heard about her was that she was living with Barney Rosset, but that, because of troubles in the relationship, they both had therapy sessions with the same analyst—whether separately or together I don’t know—and that he was paying for them. This struck my friends as mighty peculiar and therapeutically unsound.
“It was a complete surprise to me when I opened it,” said Joseph Cannon, editor of The Deseret News in Salt Lake City.
The bottle features a scene from the poem etched around the bottle, and has a wax closure showing Tam’s face.
If you read this blog often enough, you know I’ve been targeting a lot of auto repair shops lately. Well, a few days ago, I was talking with a new potential client who mentioned to me that the garage he currently rents out is getting way too expensive for him. I happened to remember a client I signed a few weeks back mentioning that he wanted to rent out one of his beys so he could retire sooner. So I put the two of them in touch and, long story short, the new guy ended up leaving his current garage and renting out the bey of my client at a more reasonable price. And because of my actions, I ended up not only making my current client happy, but I made a connection for the new guy that allowed him to save money every month and, of course, he now insures through me. Both clients have already told me they have a few business owner friends they’d like for me to meet to insure them as well. I’d say this was a win-win-win situation!
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "DMCA") provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under U.S. copyright law. If you believe in good faith that materials we link to infringe your copyright, you (or your agent) should contact that blog directly requesting that they remove the links to the files posted. Since we do not link to any audio files directly, there is no point in anybody contacting us to remove anything.
nobody else can make’em for you.. Having
The greatest part is that Adele is a CD that my husband, daughter and I all listen to in the car. My daughter doesn't understand the complexity of the lyrics for "My One and Only," but is hooked on the vocal fluctuations of "He Won't Go."
Taft wins the New Hampshire primary. This is the first presidential primary ever held in New Hampshire and indeed in New England.
A bright spot is that my little plants from Territorial Seeds arrived today.
“It is easy to win an argument and lose a friend. I would prefer to lose the argument and keep the friend. But that’s up to you.
Hold your hand just as long as I can
(and I wanted to donate it to Locks of Love, but they had strict guidelines) :(.
7. Inside Out 4.17 (26/68)
Have a happy week:)
I am sure there are some very amusing lawyers out there – but I suspect they can be forgiven, in their daily lives at the coal face, for not exhibiting their more ‘eccentric’ side. There are, of course, crashingly dull ones as well. But have you ever attended a conference of greedy business people? Now… therein lies boredom. There are still some ‘unusual’ characters at the Bar though.
and Hairy Maclary
Paula Hrbacek
The press is now our only weapon. Maybe somebody will take notice. As an individual, I want to do everything in my power to change the current situation in this country. I want to be heard wherever I can. We have plans to involve the Portuguese and German press. I want the situation in SA to be known by the world. Murders take place and we just move on as if it is normal. I’m now in contact with the Freedom Front, the Democratic Alliance and certain individuals overseas to publicise crime in SA. I feel the only way forward is to get international support because we don’t seem to be getting help from the state here.
One of the essential differences between the artist and the photographer is that the artist always starts with a blank canvas, whereas the photographer’s canvas ‘the viewfinder’, or screen, is always full!
Raise your hand if you stopped going to see romantic films b/c you saw they were full of shit?
If you cross the Iranian Border illegally you are detained indefinitely.
Autonomous Cultural Zones
The best thing about happiness? You can share it! I want to give YOU all a portion of my generally joyful mood. And so: a huge blowout giveaway full of interesting one-of-a-kind items!
Nothing wrong with magic, of course. I’d like some myself. I’d like it even more for my kids. But if Harry really wants to have a magical summer?
Wednesday is my grocery-shopping day, so after spending way too many hours sitting in front of a computer I drag my exhausted ass to the local store and buy a week’s worth of groceries.
BF: What? There are what? *looks triumphant, raises eye brow*
So what did you make?
APRIL 1992
In 1964 he joined WJW TV as an Account Executive. In 1968 he joined WUAB, Channel 43, as General Sales Manager and helped build the station and hire the staff. He became General Manager in 1972 and VP/GM in 1977. He left WUAB in 1985 to put a new independent station, KTHT in Houston, TX on the air.
1/2 tsp of grated nutmeg
20-something: I know he’s out with his boys, but I’m going to keep texting. I won’t be able to sleep until he tells me he’s home. It doesn’t matter when, I’ll stay up. He may want me to come over.
Prior to – because
When my dad cheated on, and then left my mother for another woman she went crazy. Hearing about it put her on the edge and seeing it with her own eyes just pushed her off it. I wonder though, how this scenario works during the time of social media. Is there a certain etiquette that should be followed? In 1986, it would have been far less visible. If you were mutually a friend to both individuals, and you decided to keep in touch with both, obviously you could do so by phone, and if you decided to meet, it would be with one or the other, never both. If you decided to make friends with the new partner of one or the other or both, it wouldn’t be so complicated.
Why must he fly home so soon?
There's a LOT of inspiration over at the challenge site, with direct links to all designers' blogs. There's also an opportunity for you to win a ten euro's gift certificate to the Art Journey store!
Bjork's career has been a series of test cases to determine just how much strangeness a song can contain and still work as pop. Post is the sound of the Icelandic icon revelling in the possibilities opened up by the commercial success of Debut (her first solo album after quitting The Sugarcubes). Instead of playing it safe, Bjork compressed even more left-field weirdness (electronica's abstract textures, jazz-fusion's edgy tonality, dance music's rhythmic science) into her songs.
Every one says that they want a “real fan ” to direct a movie ,but is that really a good idea ??
I am so glad that the holier-than-thou righteous white South Africans of today do not have to fight a battle against the Russians and the Cubans for we would have killed each other because of religion long before we even reached the border. We would have had soldiers refusing to serve in the Army, because they would not serve alongside a Catholic, or a Jew, or a heathen, or a Christian of another denomination. Atheists and non-Christians would have been banned from the Army. We would not only have had people refusing to fight because of their religious beliefs, but even those who would not fight on Saturdays or Sundays, because it is their Sabbath.
Charles Neumann works as a mechanical engineer for Better Future. He has no friends or social skills to speak of, but he loves technology and machines. He feels as if a piece of him is missing when he misplaces his cell phone. In an effort to get his cell phone back while testing a polymer in his industrial lab, he loses his leg. At first, depression clouds his whole life. After meeting his physical therapist and beginning the process of making his own prosthetic legs, he starts to see his situation as one of opportunity. Instead of moping about losing a limb, he works on making a limb that surpasses his frail human ones. Then he takes it a step further and severs his other leg on purpose in order to replace it with the superior mechanical one. Everyone thinks he's trying to kill himself until he explains his reasoning to a Better Future representative. Then, provided with two teams of interns to help, Charles develops medical enhancements for everyday people and works to perfect the rest of his weak human body. Then the teams take his projects further than he thought possible and they spin out of control. Can he stop Better Future and still use his own technological advances to replace the inferior squishy bits of his body?
4 restrooms that made me cringe and wonder why Bucees don't exist nationwide...
RSVP: Alan Hayes, Publisher, ARLEN HOUSE at phone 086 8207617
一向以多保護間隔而耐用著名的INCASE袋，今次以騎單車作設計概念推出Range系列，這系列的袋除了適用於騎單車以外，更適合每天使用。
Put the cast iron pan over medium heat and grease the pan.
Have a wonderful weekend....looks like we are getting some gorgeous weather here!
Hope everyone had a good Easter....we did!!!
This is the direct result of the "Kill the Boer" song, sung by the ANC leadership.
“My bad.”
(Second Note to Self: Send correction to Better Business Bureau. Turns out Amazon.com is NOT run by a Nigerian crime ring as previously believed. Seems they're a legitimate business. -- will have to actually re-google Better Business Bureau. Probably not gonna happen...send apology to amazon.com...I'm sure the BBB won't have opened the investigation or watchlisted the amazon.com employees for the no-fly selectee as I recommended. It'll be fine. Send them card. Good 'Nuff...)
(Post Script: I just wanna say that in no way do I think GLBT people should suffer. The fact that everyone I know with a queer streak has experienced something heartbreaking is distressing and entirely wrong. No one should be harassed for their sexual or gender orientation… I’m just commenting on the fact it’s become a sort of initiation into the ranks, y’know? Without meaning to giggle at obvious trauma, it’s a sort of bonding conversation piece. “Oh hi, you’re queer too? Lets share coming out stories and talk about all the horrible things that happened to us.”)
Here’s an example. My ninth grade English teacher, who was harsh and unlikeable, gave us a simple assignment: a book report in which we had to answer her questions on one side of a page. Piece of cake, right?
Myra: It's your mother talking against me, isn't it?
And if she should tell you “I love you”
They remain embraced and kissing,
♥ 1/8 teaspoon baking soda
10 against
When I was very young, I used to pray that I would have the strength to be a martyr. By the time I’d reached my teens, I’d adjusted the prayer that I would be strong enough to deal with whatever life sent me, which, dear God, I suggested, I hoped would not be martyrdom. With increasing self-knowledge, I have considerably lengthened the list of things not to be included.
Live Fluoride, Aluminum, Mercury and Toxin Free
I decided to shift to creative writing. I was really happy at the start, but I grew increasingly insecure. I had enough intelligence to become anything I wanted; yet I decided to “waste” my intelligence by choosing to become a writer. No one ever said that to me, but I felt it. I felt people’s disappointment, or at least a lack of enthusiasm. When I told someone that I shifted to creative writing, his response was Ay. This Ay meant too bad you’re going to be a poor writer while we will become economists, nurses, doctors, pharmacists, and lawyers.
Right into thin air! He was standing right by us, and then POOF! Gone.
So yes.. all you get are crappy bathroom mirror shots. I'll do a proper finished-object post when I can press Mom into taking some better pics, but this is it worn with the sun dress I mentioned a few posts back.
8 - 9P
But later, during his set at the party, he said he wanted to shake the hands of everyone in the audience. I guess with me, and probably others, he was just getting a head start.
The criteria to have forgiven debt excluded as taxable income is the debt must be from a primary residence, and the debt must be used to buy, build or substantially improve a primary residence.
Preheat your oven to three-fifty,
I was pretty proud of my rather last minute costume attempt, especially after winning 2nd prize in the work costume contest.
Overall assessment: Truman and, especially, FDR made effective use of presidential power; Eisenhower, because he was a political amateur, did not.
District 17 (Smithville, Liberty, Kansas City (North), North Kansas City, southern border is the Missouri River, western border is Platte County): This is the district that Rep. Ryan Silvey lives in and he has already declared for a Senate seat.
The active member’s pledge used in most societies is as follows:
Chihungwa
Americans’ fascination with the political and social events of the Arab movements first led me to question the role of social media and the growing user-driven news culture during a Pace University course in Communications Research. My resulting research paper— “The Arab Spring and American’s Interest in Foreign Affairs: The Social Media Factor” — would lead to peripheral readings and excite further interest in the evolution of the Tunisian and Egyptian revolutions. As my graduate work neared thesis time, my topic began to shape itself.
Telestrations. I heard a bit of buzz about this prior to ChiTag, but, honestly it sounded dumb to me. The name, I mean, was off-putting. It turns out the game is actually a barrel of laughs. It's part Balderdash and part Pictionary and all fun!
Jean Ray Laury: Getting It All Together Through September 2-
Words fail me… but perhaps Rooney has a case.
Becoming more vigilant and security-conscious, all of us will be contributing to the solution and helping the dedicated men and women who make our town and ultimately our country a safe place for all of us”. Check out Stephen’s art at his website at http://www.stephenbibbart.com
Big Brother amazes us more and more every day. We were both flabbergasted to see that he really memorizes the words to his books. One of his favorites is, "The Happy Man and His Dump Truck." We can stop anywhere on any page mid-sentence, and he will finish the sentence or even the paragraph! He loves reading books! His stellar memory also work on his Thomas the Train book where he has to find pictures on the page. He has already memorized where every picture is, and it takes us no time to fly through the pages.
“I do not believe he is, but I keep watch just the same.”
I wanted attitude, some sex appeal, and in your face expression teamed with a post processing to bring the almost caricature/cartoonish aesthetic I was after.
I'll scream for peace in the mountain range
(4) When at length the Judge or judges and the King of kings comes from heaven. He will overturn the whole dominion and power of the Adversary. He will also consume all of them with the eternal fire of punishment. But to His servants, prophets and martyrs, and to all those who fear Him, He will give an everlasting kingdom.
3/4 cup unsalted butter, room temperature
When the Obama Administration set up a "Ministry Of Truth" email address that people could use to denounce Counter-Revolutionary Thought Crime, it seemed that there was a great shortage of Bolshevik style posters exhorting the People to comply. This is my humble attempt to fill that sad void.
(written Thursday night)
… and non-linear pile properties.
This, to me, seems a little confusing. The market shifts, prices drop and publishers find themselves in a position where their established costs exceed the prices they can bring in. Ok, so that’s Amazon’s fault? It is, in a way, because they largely ushered in the ebook disruption, but other than that, this seems to be pointing out the necessity of publishers to change. Their business model isn’t working with current or sure-to-be future market conditions. Shouldn’t the point here be adapt before you go under? Rather, he seems to be using this point to justify publishers’ actions to stifle the changes in the market to support a status quo your own damn customers are walking away from! I just don’t know anymore. These people work with books, for god’s sake! Wouldn’t some knowledge and logic sink in just out of random chance once in a while?
Not that I haven't been utilizing to their greatest extent my analog devices—rather, I have been putting all my creative eggs in the digital basket. After all, publishing a digital file on Amazon was — well — a little too easy. Sure there were some minor formatting piccadilloes to deal with, but far fewer than you'd think, friend.
Eco-friendliness & a healthy home
This is Daniels receiving the Man of Achievement Award from the Anti-Defamation League:
Celebrate the Saviour!
These values are what Macquarie University stands for. We will bring these values to life in everything we do.
~ C.S. Lewis, An Experiment in Criticism
The kids had school, but my husband was off for the last day of Golden Week. So, since the weather was fine, we took a walk (bike ride) up to Maioka Park, something we rarely get to do by ourselves:-))
Parsley (good bunch)
Doyle’s eyes went dark. “Now you listen carefully. Don’t underestimate the sway I have to end your political aspirations and your entire career in politics if you sully my reputation with a specious scheme.”
Because, yes, I'm also the dork that thinks it's still fun for adults to dress up for Halloween, too. The ZenHusband and I have been doing it since before The Minions even came along.
2) Establish a regulatory frameworkwith meaningful incentives and disincentives to significantly tighten cybersecurity across our critical infrastructure.
But without you I give up
Notice the following:
Like bookends, Vanessa's sisters were by her side, supporting her.
Please leave a comment if you participated in the 4×6 Exchange. I would love to see what you received. Also, click “Like” for my Zombie friend that is somewhere in America!
to persist, even when things seem difficult…..
And we, the Yoo Ess of Ey, must defend such fine and upstanding democratic countries! Those eeeevil Russians are against democracy - isn't it obvious here?!
Which brings me to a final point of hope. There are festivals with exciting programmes on the rise, and I am very lucky to be putting a show on at one of them, Stoke Newington, for a second year in a row on June 3rd. The headline act for the whole festival is John Cooper Clarke – now *that* is a festival doing it right!
1) A point away from home is never a bad result in the Premier League. That is as true now as it was when we were fighting for our lives during that first season after promotion. Stoke were worth at least a point at Villa Park as well, looking the likelier winners for much of the game. Christ alive though, that was tough to watch.
This, my malt-savouring comrades, is a veritable marvel of a brew, which will have no problem injecting some extra delight into an evening of your choice.
Back in November my blog friend Venus posted about these adorably cool pin cushions she makes and I had to have one. She has them for sale in her etsy store along with really cute aprons!
I love crows… So I’m always happy when I can get a good shot of one
The weekend passed in a blur of sleep, non-sleep, cuddling the baby, and trying to get some sleep. We did hit Target on Saturday afternoon (more like early evening) just to get out of the house and to finally buy that highchair. We didn't get the one I was so in love with as it's only available on-line but we did get one that will *contain* the wiggle worm that is Emi. I am not altogether sure where Monday and Tuesday went, but by yesterday we were actually able to function. Jeff ran some errands, I did some laundry and we worked on unpacking. This house is a disaster and while I will never ever (ever ever ever) be a good housekeeper, even I am going stark raving mad in the messiness. Actually, I just don't like the cleaning part of housekeeping (dusting, vacuuming, bathrooms, etc) but I like a NEAT house. To me, if things are in their places, the house *looks* clean. Just don't try to eat off my kitchen floor. Of course, now with a baby that is about to change. I am already seeing that my cleaning habits are changing.
a leap to afar
Having seen so many lovely Wiksten tanks all over blogs and Rae’s Spring Sewalong recently (in fact, I think that I’ve loved every single version that I’ve seen, but especially this one and this one), I had to get hold of the pattern and have a go myself! I love the fact that you can now download the pattern as a PDF, print it off and start sewing – no waiting for the postman – so I made the decision on Sunday afternoon and by the evening I had printed out the pattern and was cutting and sticking it together.
The finished product is hot and delicious! Kid tested and mother approved!
9. Sonnets/Unrealities - Björk & Choir
First you need some pumps shaped similarly to the ones above. Something like these:
Thankfully, there have been no cracks so big that a hug and an honest conversation can’t fix them, and we can do the latter very well even if we can’t do the former for another few weeks.
By letting the aperture unchanged and keeping the same camera-subject distance and raising the focal lenght the DoF decrease, while the higher the distance between the lens and the subject, the wider the DoF, vice versa, the closer you get to the subject, the least DoF you'll obtain.
Swiss Dots embossing folder
Good show, mind-bending drive from Santa Fe to Denver (as usual.) I don't know if any group is "worth" driving twelve hours roundtrip, but in the end I couldn't miss it. The Dead (minus Grateful, because it ain’t the same without Jerry, man) now has Gov't Mule/ Allman Bros. guitarist, vocalist Warren Haynes on board for this tour. Warren thankfully doesn't try to mimic every guitar line Garcia created, but follows him respectfully at times, while adding his own signature sound. A nearly full house at The Pepsi Center was pumped to the max for the first Dead tour since 2004. Bob Weir, Phil Lesh, Mickey Hart and Bill Kreutzman aren’t just still alive and well, but seemed revitalized after their five-year hiatus, and played for two and a half hours. The first set featured classics like Casey Jones, Easy Wind, and Loser, while the second set opened with an acoustic Deep Elem Blues, then Me And My Uncle, before Phil sang Whiskey In The Jar. For thirty-plus years now I have never been able to get into the drums/space portion of the show, where the drummers bang around for ten minutes before the full band joins in on a freeform jam that goes nowhere. This gig was no exception. A nice ending with Not Fade Away and an encore of Ripple. Only The Dead could range from a traditional Irish tune to Buddy Holly in one evening and somehow make it work. The World's Greatest Bar Band is back, and Jerry's kids are still happily soaking it all in.
1-3/4" x 7/8" Oval Large Punch (119855)
16. Lenni Tristano - If I Had You
Disclosure: I was sent a product for free to review for my honest opinion, from either a PR agency or a company. Regardless, I only recommend products or services I use personally and believe will be good for my readers. I am disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commission's 16 CFR, Part 255: " Guides concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising. You can also go here and read my PR Polices.
McDonald AD, McDonald JC, Armstrong B, Cherry N, Nolin AD, Robert D. Work with visual display units in pregnancy. Br J Ind Med 1988; 45: 509-515.
In 1679, Danckaerts and his colleague Peter Sluyter came to New York in search of land. For 200 years Danckaerts’ meticulously written and illustrated diaries lay undiscovered until Henry C. Murphy, a founder of the Long Island Historical Society, (later renamed the Brooklyn Historical Society) came upon the diaries in 1864 in an Amsterdam book store. Now an important part of the BHS collection and an invaluable primary resource for scholars, the diaries will be featured in this exhibit in celebration of the 400 Years of the Dutch in New York.
I fortify myself with Truth. The Truth of who I AM is a child of God. I know I Am an offspring of the Awesome Incredible Source that has created everything. I am honored by Holy Spirit, fully entitled to enjoying all the vastness of the Universe. The Truth is, I can have All that I declare! The Truth is, I Am created in Goodness and I Am whole and complete. The Truth is my life has meaning and purpose. The Truth is, I Am Abundantly Prosperous in Health, Wealth and Relationships. I can soar like an Eagle when I choose to. The Truth is, it is my sole duty to recognize my power and to fully express it.
How bad can a relationship between two military allies get? Pakistan and the U.S. keep us guessing.
One night, Gabry and a group of her friends slip over the protective wall to go to the abandoned amusement park. Whether its because the Mudo have always been so far away, or because they have never breached the wall, or because as teens they believe nothing can ever happen to them, they leave Vista for a few hours one night.
Please pray for Beau and Jessica as they go through this ordeal. It will be a long 6 months but Beau is strong and facing this with a positive attitude.
“When Abu came home that evening, he sat down on the sofa wearily. He looked old and tired, and the thought made me nervous. Parents were supposed to be invincible. They couldn’t die just like that, could they?”
I could rattle on and on about the technical details of the OpenPGP standards and asymmetric key algorithms, weak cyphers, and all sorts of deep crypto-pr0n details…. but let’s just keep this simple. Encryption boils down to a couple basic principles:
C. Logan
What confuses me is that the administration went ahead with NDAA, which infringes upon civil liberties, and are now opposing CISPA, which infringes upon civil liberties. How does that make any sense?
249 For thee the fates, severely kind, ordain
white space.
It's logical to fear random violence, which by definition can happen anywhere to anyone but these recent acts aren't random. Sad but not random. A friend living on Crown St. is considering a move after hearing about the rooftop shootings, and I can understand that. I would say that you generally can't escape New York's mean streets entirely, but staying aware is a big part of not being a victim.
17. Just Rewards 5.02 (71/62)
Can you imagine a situation where the rates we charge are so low, through volume and efficiency, that we can drive down costs in the profession and then disseminate information through the trade and related press and subtle advertising on the GoCompare model that prices in the traditional profession are, shall we say, ‘pacy’?. And, what if we were to set up our specialist division of solicitor-advocates; perhaps even luring a few renegade silks to front it? It would not be that difficult to build a ‘Stable’ (they call barristers chambers ‘stables’ in Scotland, I understand) of say 1000 solicitor-advocates, specialist in a very wide range of legal disciplines, and undercut the market. We could take on The Bar, and we could take on some of these enthusiastic and able young people who can’t get work in the traditional profession and we could grow to perhaps 10,000 solicitor-advocates in a few years and take over the entire legal profession’s representation in the courts of this country. In time, some of our Partners will be judges…who knows…perhaps, one day, even Supreme Court justices……”
You know you’re not going to get ahead in life by reading blogs.
We made an appointment and went home. Now that weekend, he came to bed with me once. He didn't last long. He always sleeps on the sofa sitting up so laying down in the bed was uncomfortable for him and unnatural. That was about it for the trying. He brought up that stupid tablet he wants, almost demanding to buy it. When we went to the store (shocking he went with me) he looked at it and said he could buy it, put it on a UK credit card that I don't see the statements to and I would never know. The deceiptfulness was beyond what I could take. I told him he could have the tablet and when he got it in his hands, he could put a plane ticket in the other hand.
Languages that has implementation for both JVM and CLR (Clojure, Fantom, Scala) and several other platforms (Clojure & Fantom on JavaScript engine, Scala on Android, Haxe on several platforms)
My agent never called me even after several more calls from me. He was an owning partner in the brokerage so I spoke to his partner who wasn’t much help either. He told me this was routine to clear me before a payout. I asked why my agent hadn’t informed me of this when he knew how badly I needed the money and he didn’t have an answer, but said he’d have my agent call me. Never ever did hear back from my agent!
BBC (Main & Clay) Bearded Pat’s Barley Wine (2009) 11%
After all my children are my heart.
Will bus transport be provided?
Housatonic Heritage is one of 49 national heritage areas designated by Congress in partnership with the National Park Service. Each has distinctive natural, cultural, historic, and scenic resources that tell a unique story about our country. More information is available at HousatonicHeritage.org.
Too late to continue the exercise I am forced to put the few books I removed back on the shelves. Tomorrow I will try again. Yes tomorrow will be different.
Reality tells us that we may soon be coming to a point in which cash is no longer king. The economy has been drying up for years. Over one million Americans filed their initial unemployment claim over the last month. The dollars we bring home are buying less on every trip to the grocery store.
The vast majority of hikers and mountain bikers turn around there, so things usually thin out somewhat after Henninger. No body passed me going up from here besides maybe one or two mountain bikers. Coming down, the mountain bikers were pretty common, but even more so when I began my return trip, many hours later.
The nylon string guitar, violin and trombone can play in both Gypsy and Classical styles. In the classical realm these three instruments are unparalleled in the sampling world in terms of playability, diversity and sound quality.
3/4 cup feta
My favorite thing this week: Visiting with my mom and dad. We all missed my folks a lot.
