According to this book everyone is capable of time travel. We can access history as it really happened, without later exaggeration or bias. We can also heal ourselves by coming to terms with our past lives.
Three flights later I was finally at the Jorge Chavez International airport in Lima, Peru. Stressed and exhausted I made my way through customs, had my passport stamped and walked through the arrival flights gate. To my astonishment, there were hundreds of people on the other side of the door yelling and waving signs waiting for their loved ones to walk through the door. After pushing through the crowd I saw a familiar face on the other side and butterflies began to flourish in my stomach. After months of Skype I was finally with her again. Next to her was her mother and her brother. My Spanish instantly went out the door but I had my trustee sidekick of a girlfriend who helped translate and we managed. We found a taxi and started the 40 minute journey to Los Olivos where they lived. In order to get there we had to drive through a few impoverished areas. The roads were covered in dust and trash. Stray dogs were everywhere and the taxi driver was driving like a complete maniac. Later I came to find out that almost all Peruvians drive like maniacs and getting hit by an automobile was a common occurrence. After getting through the rough parts we made it to her house. We arrived and I met her father. He was very nice but just like the rest of her family, his English was minimal. I tried to converse in Spanish with her father. He looked at me in awe and started laughing.
So what's the deal with Scott Bakula, is this some kind of "Quantum Leap" cross-over?
i might do one big post tomorrow with the past week,
Hurley’s Camaro: $24,000
Parallel
My educational background is in business and I studied at Algonquin College and University of New Brunswick. I was also studying to be a CGA (Certified General Accountant) while working at a public practice accounting firm for 5 years. I left work back in 2007 to stay home with my kids and because I developed a chronic pain condition called vulvodynia that made it very difficult to work. I am taking some time off to get better and hope to eventually go back to school and start a new career. After dealing with my health for so long, I am thinking of doing something in the medical field like nursing.
This is what happens when you expect one generation to pick up the tab for the other generation, while simultaneously creating an environment that handicaps them at every stage when they try to get ahead under their own steam. Sure, cut my student allowance and make my life more miserable. But don’t expect any sympathy when national super is slashed in the coming decades and our grey-haired elite find themselves restricted to dry biscuits and mince.
AF: I can’t get into specifics but there are some mind-blowing revelations to come. The Hunt is a trilogy, so two more books to come.
“He gave me some advice and he told me he’s very proud of the way I’ve performed,” Pasion said.
And it’s going to take a while before any of our heroes figure it out. Of course, I am sure the reader will have figured it out…and will be screaming at the book. This is one of my favorite parts. You know, its like yelling at the characters in a horror movie you’re watching on television NOT to go into the basement, but they ALWAYS go into the basement. You know it’s coming, it’s frustrating, but it’s part of the plot. If they don’t go into the basement, there’s not much point in continuing the story, is there? The problem is never confronted, the story isn’t finished, and they live happily but ignorantly ever after…or something.
Things pick up in At the Gates more or less mere moments after things left off in Resurrection. Frank Trigg's angelic cousin showed up at his front door, beaten to within an inch of her life and bearing the news that Heaven has fallen. That's a lot to take in all at once and before he can wrap his brain around all that, Frank is forced into action as he must deal with a trio of thugs sent to put an end to his cousin, Scarlett.
Maybe just as well, as the place is one of the tiniest around- only helped by a beer garden that is almost double the size of the interior.
Author Celebrity Assoc.
The Avengers is an Upcoming American movie produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Pictures. Movie ia based on the Marvel Comics superhero team of the same name.The film was written and directed by Joss Whedon and features an ensemble cast.Development of The Avengers began when Marvel Studios received a grant from Merrill Lynch in April 2005..
12 minutes I had to cover my nose and mouth in Missouri. Who knew the border of that state was so stinky?...
Debbie "What could you do better next time so this doesn't happen again?"
And dutifully, speculate is what Joe does. When it comes to ebook sales and its wider impact on publishers and readers, that’s all we can do—speculate. All we can be sure of is that the ebook is on a massive growth curve. Caress and love the growth curve yearly, and you can be sure it will continue to hold a steady shape and rise to the heavens. Look closer at that growth curve, whether it is month on month or day by day, and the shape will change. Sales gurus with their bright whiteboards and squeaky pens call it the ‘S’ curve. It’s often how a new product, service or innovation behaves after launch.
3. When the wood is completely dry, add the legs! I purchased 4 VIKA lage legs from IKEA (total cost $40!). I actually tried to get a welder to weld some metal legs for me but it would have cost me $200 per leg, so obviously I opted to find cheaper alternatives.
I could have said something about unicorns instead of donkeys and that unicorns went extinct, but that would have been an undesirable current result instead of that donkeys are alive and well in the present which is a good thing.
Z: Zermatt, Switzerland. Although I have been to Switzerland (Lucerne, and a few other places) with my husband….stayed in hostels, ate on the cheap but garnered a pocketful of lovely memories….I haven’t been to Zermatt. I have only seen the posters. It is one of those places on our bucket list, but will have to wait until we have seen Australia, and New Zealand.
I wanted my title to be clever and the play on words was too perfect to resist. It was a long process, don't let my succinct answer fool you!
My trip to the circus included me being daring enough to get my photo taken with a real live tiger… Hopefully I can post a copy of it soon (I need to figure out a way to scan it). That tiger and I looked into each other’s eyes, and I was pretty excited, I mean how often to you get to stand next to a tiger less than a foot away?! It was odd. I thought about fear and how it holds us back from so much… sometimes it can protect us, but it also needs to be managed like a adviser, taking it’s suggestions and considering the options.
Sid drilled the accelerator as hard as he could and the little turd bogged down, but not much happened. The back bumper of the car was dragging along the highway and the truck was picking up speed.
The ball is scheduled to start tonight at 12:00 midnight sharp, but my dearest friends, Edna St. Vincent Millay and Eugen Jan Boissevain drove all the way from Steepletop in their open Cadillac roadster, arriving scandalously early. Fresh from the bath, I greet them in my white fluffy terrycloth robe, hair towel wrapped.
Bad Shit *
A 4 Life Path is one of justice, equality, and practicality. You’ll spend your lifetime working toward your goal. Even when you attain what you think you want, you’ll go on and lay foundations for other acquisitions. Always working, always building, so goes a 4, but with a great capacity for patience, you’re well prepared for it.
Accessorizing her look with a metallic clutch and YSL tribute heels, the first-time mom-to-be chose a Clover Canyon dress for the summer themed event.
Help support the Brooklyn Greenway Initiative by attending their Sunday Afternoon Garden Party at one of the Waterfront's newest restaurants, Pok Pok NY on Columbia Street.
Match 2: R-Truth defeated Cody Rhodes
I asked the Demos Director about how the members of the commission were selected and she confirmed that they had been effectively handpicked by Lord Falconer himself. She didn't go as far as saying they had been interviewed by DID CEO Sarah Wootton and Terry Pratchett himself (and I didn't ask), but that might be a good line of questioning for journalists.
This is definitely my all time favourite dress. I bought it because I had seen Britney wearing it and although originally I had absolutely no intention of wearing it, I do wear it quite often. But probably not often enough as it is a body con dress which means that it really clings to the figure and unfortunately I'm not confident enough. But I do really love it. Especially the colour.
Because you don’t see the results you want yet from all the time and money you have invested, doesn’t mean you haven’t had results.
Me: No it is not, you’re supposed to use your imagination and play with the hot dog truck.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, more than 34.6 million adults ages 18 and above do not have a high school diploma. In an effort to combat this critical issue, the Ad Council and the Dollar General Literacy Foundation joined today to launch new public service advertisements (PSAs) on behalf of their national GED Achievement campaign.
In the past, CUNY has had to make difficult financial and academic decisions in order to continue to provide higher educational opportunities. Prior to the 1970’s, a CUNY education was free to New York City students, a system referred to as ‘open admissions’. Under open admissions, Black and Latino attendance rates grew substantially. Facing a fiscal crisis, the CUNY system began imposing tuition fees on students. By the 2000’s, to meet the still-evolving academic standards of today’s working world, CUNY raised admission standards following reports that students in the four-year colleges were not meeting competitive standards. Throughout these changes, the University has remained true to its legacy of providing low and mid-income individuals with quality educational opportunities.
Hard to disagree with that. I understand Wisner also believes that were Merkel and Sarkozy to lose their upcoming elections, this would be a disaster for US diplomacy. It sounds too as if Wisner thinks Obama’s foreign policy is woefully inept. But if there’s one thing everyone agrees about with FLW, it’s that he’s a hard-assed American patriot. My Washington source again:
I’ve seen this with gamblers and people struggling with obesity. Sure, if you want to lose weight you probably need to start eating healthy food and exercising, but without tackling the real cause of unquenchable dissatisfaction the problem will still be there. I once met a gambler who lost serious amounts of money on a regular basis, far more than you or I probably live on. The thing was, this guy actually new a lot about gambling. He knew how to play to increase the odds in his favour. But he didn’t. Why? Because loosing gave him fuel, it gave him fire, and it even more – a story which gave him reason to be almost constantly angry. The thing was, this guy didn’t have a gambling problem. Not from my perspective anyway. His was an emotional problem that we were able to identify in moments.
5dpt.. Morula is completely inmplanted in the lining and has placenta cells & fetal cells
Here is a brief history of my relationship with coleslaw.
Such a tragic fallout for so many people from just a moment’s stupidity! The message is inescapably, painfully clear: Think. Don’t’ drink and drive. (My $100 today goes to support the DUI education program that can never bring back the two grandparents who perished, but that may help Chris Sandy prevent another tragedy with his searing message to high schools & college students that he continues to give today.) ~~~~~~
BLITZER: Well what about Ron Paul’s policy?
4, Your Bank Name
And what could possibly be the cause of all this ridiculous drama? The administration of my university of course. It's a long and convoluted story and I don't want to bore you with the details but I will say this - they gave me a panic attack and put me through a whole lot of BS that I shouldn't have had to deal with. I'm very thankful that it all worked out in the end though, and now I can stop worrying.
They are all unable to make plans further than three days in advance. The last three women I've found myself attracted to have all done the same thing where they just can't actually plan a head, for example:
As you know, Jennifer at Savor The Thyme and I are very pleased to offer a fantastic no-kitchen-should-be-without-one prize for this year's Eating Your Words challenge - a beautiful æbleskiver pan, courtesy of Aunt Else's Æbleskiver. However, this means that there must be one winner, which in turn means that someone has to choose said winner. While you may rest assured that my co-host Jennifer is the picture of unimpeachable integrity, I, on the other hand, am easily bribed with pancakes.
And the mome raths outgrabe.
I only have a few small kitchen appliances. Toaster, crock pot, etc. I don't even have a waffle maker because I prefer a turkey sandwich for breakfast and so do my kids.
Finally, I also noted last night how this win decisively proved the case for the Islamisation of Western Europe made by Kent Ekeroth in an interview last week on RT, where he was harangued as a fantasist by the others speakers and even the host.
8 ounces of frozen heart-shaped Americano
“Oh! Oh of course. Well last night it was pretty yucky. Made quite a mess in the kitchen, let me tell you.”
I hope you are all happy & well this morning.
People leave companies that have managers who don’t seem to care whether their subordinates succeed in what they do or not. They resign when they know they’re not in good hands. They turn their backs on companies whose designated leaders don’t make an effort to touch base with their employees on a regular basis to evaluate how they are executing everything that has been planned and make sure their people are not having difficulties.
10. Owning three new tattoos: an einkorn plant on the inside of each forearm going from the center of my palm up to the inside of my elbow:
All right, I'm getting carried away. The fact is that sunchokes are fairly ugly little brown tubers and pretty much unavailable in Alaska. When I saw them in the list of possibilities for the CSA box that arrived this week, I was at least smart enough to order double of them.
You could even deliberately seek out all those streets in the city that have no superlunary correspondence at all, that map to no stars, that refer to no constellations, refusing to emulate the ways of heaven.
Again, I ask, what's the hurry?
I yelled: “THEY’RE RUNNING! OPEN FIRE!”
The fabric for the dress is a pain to sew because it frayed very easily. Once I got the top done I started to work on the symbol.
I took them to lunch at Firehouse Subs so she could claim her free birthday sub (it's a HUGE medium sub!) - which I ate and thoroughly enjoyed! Bought 2 kids meals (turkey subs) for them :) Callie ate the WHOLE thing and Caleb ate almost his whole sandwich. I remember the days when the kids would just eat a few bites off mine, or they could share one kids meal. Those days are LONG gone!
Hubby is, of course, upset that England is out of the World Cup... personally I am kind of glad there are no more "life-altering" matches we HAVE to available to watch. I mean, he will watch the rest of the matches, but if one is missed-- it isn't a tragedy. I'm soccered out! Glad this only rolls around once every 4 yrs. I'm ready for some good ol' AMERICAN football!
Renovations
If only the loom and the thread were whole.
BF: The public nuclear devices are under strict safety protocols. You can’t just take them and then blow them up somewhere. There are too many people involved in the chain of command.
There is something magical about walking around where Jesus walked,
Therapist: Sorry for my words. That is my fear. Your parents scare me. What could be done to keep you safe? If you talk to your sister, she can give you notice if they are to fly or drive out here, you can quickly be scarce, but if you go out to them…you need a plan.
The man standing before the desk was in Official mode.
Take My Breath Away - The Flying Pickets (Berlin W’86)
The road towards Aljezur was calmer than we expected. Which is the thing with maps of areas that you do not know. It is an N category, the N268 to be precise and looks just as red on our map as any other main road. The first traffic island had cows grazing on it, watched over by a farmer of indeterminable age who spent his days leaning against a stick.
Like I said, I expected this kind of reaction, but it hurts anyway - no matter what you expect - when someone you like and respect doesn't fawn over your book like you envisioned them doing. I've had this happen again and again and again with my writing, published and not published. I've also had some readers love my work when I thought they'd hate it. Go figure!
The rich get richer and the poor get poorer. Or are they trying to make it so those of us that are not great at PvP will just stop all together. Heck there is no reward for open world PvP. I get no valor, or commendations or anything doing that. Yet they just put in a bunch of content that promotes open world combat.
Third site will be on the back of my right arm and will be removed in two more weeks, when I go in to have the stitches removed from the site on my chest.
Please, continue to spread the word about the card drive! The delay in surgery just allows us more time to collect cards.
1 1/4 c whole-wheat flour
“In the past we were speaking in one voice to all audiences,” he said. “There’s different things, there’s different reasons, why students and faculty might use this, and there’s different reasons why the community might use this.”
Altered Digital Photograph
“Time,” he said
We slept in, and woke up to more snow! We had nutella in our oatmeal, then went to visit our pigs. Tobogganing down the hill got lots of snow up my back, but it was SO fun! I took Izzie down with me a few times, and Ben and I went together. Tons of fun!
It's the demagogic politics of bread and circuses. When a polity is dominated by the politics of purely emotional appeal - and almost nowhere has been immune to it -these democratic shortcomings lead to sub-optimal government. Vote stupid? Pay later!
I continued hiking another half mile to the summit. From here, you really felt like you were “on top of the world”, or in this case; on top of the island!! It was fun to look at all the different bodies of water, which after living and hiking here for nearly five months, I was able to identify quickly. It is difficult to convey the sense of spaciousness one gets from this vantage point, but it the photographs below, I try. (Remember, any of these images can be viewed full screen by clicking on, then using your brower’s “back” button to return to the post.)
A few years later the homeowners, for what ever reason, need to move and sell the property: the only problem being that they are very likely upside down in their mortgage. In other words, they owe more money on the house now than it is worth, especially considering the fact that their HELOC was obviously not used to take care of the home and increase or maintain it's value.
There beneath the crescent moon
balanced past the park
Fashion, fashion, fashion. That’s been the continual highlights of my week so far. From tailoring and fashion training, to the Hermès exhibition and last but by no means least, there’s been the Met Ball.
Nope. I didn’t.
No place to eat, no place to sit.
There are a few ways I do this. (Keep in mind this is free time, not time I’m studying or housework time).
These are all the things that have been stirring around in my heart and head the last few weeks. I believe He has been using my circumstances, experiences and emotions to teach me more about who He is and about my weaknesses and insecurities, so He could bring victory in those areas of struggle through the power of His Spirit at work in me.
Wednesday - smoked salmon crepe cakes
He said to his men, “Go and tell Hundungu that the midzimu of the vaNhohwe have confirmed the chieftainship of Mangwende in your house.” Hundungu sent his man to Chinamora to thank him for the advice which had made him a chief. He gave two oxen to Chinamora and they became friends.
This is quite a long video clip but listen to the Mayor of Philadelphia talking about similar issues in the USA. This man has got the balls that David Lamentable is missing.
To keep my modding morale up, I need to do beautiful things in-between crappy LOD. That’s why I’ve also dedicated some of my energy today to detailing the terrain of The Frontier. There are some random beautiful pictures from The Frontier down below.
But what truly blows my mind to shreds are not the Mitt Romneys of the world, or the people making so much money it can't possibly be spent on any personal "needs" without appearing to be a complete and total self-absorbed prick with horrific taste in chandeliers. If a family of 8 could live comfortably in your master bath and walk-in closet, you might need to take a step back and self-evaluate.
Peer review is a vital part of scientific publishing but the culture of peer review must evolve. It must be rigorous to ensure the quality of published research, but equally it must not be allowed to cause endless delays, which works against the best interests of the wider research community. eLife’s editorial scientific team, led by Professor Schekman, will have the authority and the responsibility to use their judgement and to decide on a case by case basis to publish papers without the authors necessarily having to address every criticism raised in the peer review process. It would be harder, we believe, for people who are not active researchers to make such bold decisions.
Look, my heart is pounding
Ramon declined to comment for this article. “I have written and said what I had to say,” she told the Forward.
i was a bloody stump
Last month, Planet Money did a great report on the Tappan Zee Bridge. (For the short attention span crowd, here's the five-minute version.) David Kestenbaum noticed that the bridge was built in a really stupid place, at the widest point in the entire river, on soft ground far above the bedrock. I had kind of noticed that too, but I assumed that the people involved knew what they were doing. Ha!
Yes, let’s honour them all. We tried to take away their freedom. Let’s acknowledge, too, all the other invaders we’ve treated as pariahs upon their return: Dr B’s generation saw the Vietnam War inflict its long damage. We remember that, too. And we remember that, yet again, our government sent our military personnel to invade another country. Lest we forget, indeed.
“ You hypocrites! Isaiah prophesied rightly about you when he said: ‘This people honors me with their lips, but their hearts are far from me; in vain do they worship me, ….’” (Matt. 15:7-9)
Performing Arts
Way back in May I purchased a bottle of Foothill brewery’s Hoppyum, while on a trip to North Carolina. I was really looking for their winter seasonal, Sexual Chocolate, but the store had long since run out, and there has been much hype about their IPA so I picked it up. It sat in the fridge, ever since, waiting for a good event to have it. I’m not a hops-head so I was also saving it for a day when I would say “right bring on the hops.” In the end I decieded that I would share it with my friend Aaron, since he likes hops heavy beers, that way if I didn’t like it there was more of a chance someone would drink it. This weekend’s camping trip was that day.
But what if you want to read something different? You scan the predictable list of genres—horror, check; sci-fi, check; romance, check; thriller, check—but there’s no entry for ‘different’ or ‘quirky’ or ‘wait till you read this folks’ and that’s a shame because I find that most people are generally attracted to things that are out of the ordinary, once their attention is drawn to them, if the person who’s trying to catch your eye can find some way to shout louder than all the other people out there who are clamouring for your attention.
Than all the prouder summer-blooms may be.
Robert Pattinson is on a roll, Twilighters. It was just announced that the beloved actor has joined director David Michod’s “The Rover,” also starring Guy Pearce.
Clearly, I better up the photo count this week, because I am blathering and I need less words and more photos.
Basically it leaves out the use of electrical appliances so you hand chop the pesto and it makes so much difference. Instead of being a paste it becomes a very fine salsa and the flavours can be distinguished. Personally I love it. I even enjoyed the process.
"Ev, your hair needs cut a little, too. So I am gonna do you next, ok?"
Public ownership of the public sector and the infrastructure of the state is regarded as a good thing in Scotland, far less so across the UK, and the argument that the public sector drags down the private sector is contested vigorously here but appears to be accepted wisdom across the UK – even when the private sector turned to the public sector recently and begged for investment in massive public sector procurement projects to help the private sector. ‘Project Privatise UK’ which has appeared in many guises over the years has been met with increasing opposition in Scotland – even to the point of turning it back (the SNP Government, obviously, but don’t forget that the last administration did their bit with things like the Skye Bridge). While there continue to be moves afoot in the UK to toll roads Scotland has removed tolls from bridges because they are part of the roads network (again, the SNP Government with panache but the previous mob also got into the act with the Erskine Bridge).
We did the walk to Buckingham Palace, Her Majesty did not invite us in for a Bier, or even a cuppa’. We then walked through Belgrave Square past many embassies before arriving at Wellington Arch. Somehow instead of Piccadilly, we ended up walking towards its continuation, Knightsbridge. This meant a visit to Harrods.
Things Reviewed:
The Artist and The Fitness Gal are gone to youth group and the kids and I are on our own for the evening. We played a game of Farkle and the 4 year old gave us quite a run for our money! Baby Girl won in the end though.
( I wonder how can I make this interesting )
On my left hand i decided to sort of colour block version of Andrea's design Im not sure i love it cos it looks a little too busy, i would probably like it better if it was the same colours for all the nails on that hand! Hehe oh well!
And with that, he went back to eating his pancakes, and drinking his milk, chattering on and on about school and what he would do that day.
8.Release The Bats.
In the air
Yes. Fin.
As I’m sitting here blogging, he is working to assemble and install a new light for our kitchen. He’s been at it for three hours (on a Sunday afternoon). And, it’s not because the old light bothered him in the least. But, he knows that it would make his hormonal, pregnant wife very, very happy.
The sleek new interior space – two city blocks long, eight storeys high and a quarter of a block wide – will come equipped with banks of new computers and, for the first time in two generations, a lending library. It will give a dramatically more modern look and feel for the system's central branch.
Looking for serial number 5 to complete the first page....anyone!!
Growing up we never ate beets in our household, it was just one of those vegetables that my mom never cooked for dinner. Daikon, natto, gobo root- sure...beets? Nope. So, my first encounter with beets didn't come until I was well into college and unfortunately it wasn't on a plate...it was in a diaper. A rather full and overflowing diaper at that. Let me back up a bit.
IP: Agree on minimum pricing in principle – but not sure it’s going to work. Hope it does. I think we need to go a bit further.
it sheds
snack: a vanilla lowfat sugar free yogurt with some toasted almonds on top.
Metroid Prime (Wii) 2 or (GCN)
We arrived early for the concert at 6:30pm and realised we were too early. The concert started at 8pm so we had a good walk around Southwell to kill some time and also had a lemonade and a cosy chat at a really ancient wooden beamed pub that will be hosting an acoustic event on the 7th April. I'm taking my guitar along for a song.
While I generally don’t analyze my dreams, I know my dreamscape for this dream was pulled from this experience last week. In recent weeks I’ve had many dreams about death and finality (probably due to taking a psychology of death class), but this was a change of pace.
So it has been a little over a year since I gave birth to my precious twins. My life has really changed since January 18, 2010. I still can't believe how fast that year has gone and I no longer have newborns but two children entering the toddler stage.
as well as sex
I look to the Rock,
Robin Jones will focus on the Americans with Disability Act (ADA) and other disability rights laws that impact housing, employment, travel, education, telecommunications, voting and other areas of importance.
Yes babies are cute - I have one so I know. They coo and giggle and men and women have been known to go gaga over them. But when it comes to your wedding you have to think about the bigger picture.
–GREAT GRAY OWL, NW of Cochrane, Twp Rd 290, RK.
In any case, after grilling me about my weekend plans and advising me that I should probably not go to work on Monday (if only…), we got down to business, swinging weights.
ever manage to homeschool for three years without a laminator? I could easily
Wash the dreidels with soap and water. Some of our dreidels had smudges of chocolate on them since some of the game players ate their loot.
At the age of 45 I started a PGCE; I lost my dad; I got rejected for the many jobs I applied for and I felt old and useless.
5. Prefer Facebook or Twitter? Facebook.
“Odd noises are rarely caused by other worldly things,” Sci Fi Channel’s Ghost Hunter Jason Hawes said with a smile. Hawes is a real life Roto-Rooter plumber in Rhode Island. “Most of the time, these unexplained, strange noises are actually a sign of plumbing problems that can, in most instances, be easily fixed.”
I received a text message after a minute or two. It included the details leading to that particular man I needed to meet. Damon, he said his name was when we first met and I thought that it suited him well. His eyes were of crimson and it wasn’t common around here. The closest I had seen were orange and they often meant that they were new. New he might be but he was popular in the area. He was muscular and everything about him depicted, ‘sexy’. It took a twenty minutes walk to the bar named in the text.
KBS World Radio also offers Korean lessons. The best thing here is that they have the explanations in 10 different languages! The grammar explanations are brief (I love loooong explanations that cover all rules and exceptions), but they have lots of example dialogues with audio for lots of different situations.
though without right to reason
Or I could talk about how this morning was the first day she needed to be dressed.
Spread batter into a greased, wax paper lined 11x15 jelly roll pan. Make sure you grease the pan before putting in the wax paper and then grease the wax paper before pouring in the batter. Bake at 350 for 10-15 minutes or until cake springs back when touched in the center. You don't want to over bake it. The cake will crack easily when you roll it if you do. If it does crack, you can cover the cake roll with a little more powdered sugar.
I'm so excited to see what the other bloggers who are involved in this week picked for their projects, and what colors they chose to use! Next up tomorrow is one of my favorite ladies and stylists, miss Emily Henderson who always knows how to work in some good color. Be sure to check her out!
Saturday I woke up with an excruciating migraine, only to spend the day on the couch and the rest of it in the bathroom vomiting. Sunday I was recovering, but not well until about 7pm. Monday I was fine and went out shopping. Monday noticed my Betta fish wasn't looking so hot.
I hope your weekend is uncommonly good and full of unexpected blessings. Squeeze all you can out of each moment~
This morning I once again found myself in the RE’s office awaiting a beta test. A beta test that was so different from previous ones, because there was no anxiousness in the air. I knew I would not be checking my phone every 15 min. waiting for the results. These results would bring no excitement or joy.
That's the moral of the story I think.
Declaration: I will find new strength in the truth. I will stop trying to hide, out of fear of rejection. I will take comfort in the Word of God and find courage to keep moving forward.
I want to be in the moment as much as possible.
traveling alone.
The problem is, it's not just the GOPpers. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said recently it would be "irresponsible" to cut any more than already agreed to, that $487 billion over 10 years.
Meanwhile, however, two flowering plants I saw while out this a.m.,
Arrival at Downton ..(Highclere Castle)
You are my rock
Hot running water! (oh come on, you all know at least once you didn't have hot water for one reason or another! Isn't it fantastic when we have it???)
I have been lazy. Lounging around all sloth like on the couch eating bad food and feeling...UGH.
I’d listen to the rippling of the water and the cries of birds as the creaking of the old floating dock as it moved about in the center of the swimming area.
embarrassed when he placed my foot
We've seen that much in Terminator 2: Shocking Dark and Jaws 5: Cruel Jaws... so it would seem that not only do they like ripping off American flicks, but Italians like also to film with American casts and make them say stupid things. Must be in retaliation or World War II is all I can think of.
These examples combined with Flit’s marriage to a woman he loves but was not in love with, goes some way toward explaining his actions at the start of Asemu’s story. The only way Flit knows how to be a dad is not to be there.
“The fact that our father was a prominent, internationally known and widely respected physician – and his brother, who had introduced us to this LSD horror, was a prominent, internationally known and widely respected psychiatrist – made it impossible to expose them or go against them. Their reputations were more important to them than the health and well being of my sister.
The other reason we might care about literary prizes even if they do not accurately gauge achievement is, well, people care about literary prizes. Literary prizes are the last stage of the mainstream curation stage that starts with agents, then to publishers, then to reviewers, and then to awards panels. For many readers, a literary prize gives them the confidence to buy/borrow a novel/biography/history because they think that it is a fairly reliable indicator of quality.
"What school did you go to?"
So I was jogging along our neighborhood's main thoroughfare when I hear the laughter of young girls coming up behind me. They were also singing, and as they passed me on their bicycles I hear "Jesus loves me this I know, for the Bible tells me so..." They were in the 13-15 age range, voices fading as they disappeared down the street. Considering the normal run of things, it seemed bizarre and refreshing at the same time. I went around the lake and on the leg home I'm huffing and puffing uphill through a fairly ritzy area (by my standards) when I'm brought up short by some words carved into the concrete sidewalk, presumably many years ago when it was first poured. Or, if it had been resurfaced, not so many years ago: Do justly, love mercy, walk humbly with your Lord. Right there in upscale suburbia.
These are determined at the time the goal was scored so regardless of how the game ended up, it’s the situation in the game at the time that matters.
I’m proud that Planned Parenthood is in our neighborhood and you should be too.
Meanwhile, shall we dance?
We decided to watch a TED talk on contentment before tackling our writing exercise. I'm really looking forward to this one, much more so than the Bucket List (which I really thought I wanted to do, but found much more challenging than I expected).
The next couple of days, we stayed in. We had sick kiddos and the rain was bad, even for Vancouver. We didn't do much more than walk to the theater across the street for their Toonie Tuesday showing of The Adventures of Tin Tin. Because of the rain and the sickness, we decided that we were going to rent a car so that we could get around town faster and drier and actually see some things for the last 1/2 of the week. It was a great use of the money and we are so glad that we did it! I packed my purse full of tylenol, advil, and mucinex, and we hit the road!
or at cockcrow, or in the morning.
Poly- had on hand
It is helpful to have some idea of the scale of what is needed in year 1 so that you have some idea whether your budget is going to be heroically stretched or barely dented. This will of course depend on your starting point. If your wardrobe is virtually empty that is a very different starting point from someone who has a good number of clothes already but looking to build up their collection. It might be that in a particular year you have a particular area of focus. In my case it was suits in year 1, shirts in year 2, and shoes in year 3.
White House Tech Office Launches R&D "Dashboard" - not to be outdone by the USPTO, the White House’s science and technology office announced the launch of the beta version of its R&D Dashboard, a website to track where federal funding for research and development is going and what impact it’s having. In a nutshell, the Dashboard tracks the first infusion of federal cash (the “award”) and proceeds to track whether federal funding led to significant outcomes, such as publications and patent applications (link).
Sweet Mother is updated daily. You can follow by clicking the follow button at the top of this blog.
to like Halo. You think Middle Earth is a real place. You study obscure facts about World War II aircraft. You’ve read every work in the library’s biography section. Go on; raise your hand if you’re a nerd.
As this is supposed to be a card making blog I suppose I'd better show you one. Not a Christmas one either.
And when I arrived in the afternoon to pick up the tot, everybody was quietly gathered around the ‘Miss’ and listening to a story.
Björk stopped by several schools and orphanages while in Aceh Province — buildings that donated money helped to erect — and the trip, overall, had a profound impact on her, she said. The lingering devastation "hit me pretty hard," and her journey ultimately inspired several of the songs that'll appear on her forthcoming sixth studio LP, Volta, which is slated for a May 8 release.
This book was 20 pages and cost me $20AU to make, plus about $6 delivery. The quality is good, and I had complete control over layout and sizing.
How are media, and pop culture representations of disability viewed by the new generation of young people with disabilities?
TRUE CONFESSION TIME: I forgot what it was like to potty train. I know that Nick was a little older when he was potty trained, as was Cole. HannieCole was about this age and HailNo was younger. The older boys were harder than the girls FOR SURE!
6:30 – 9 p.m. Magic Hat Dinner, Beer Dinner in the Café
With all that is said, I cannot wait to have my first bite for Sunday’s dinner. (All I tasted was a carrot and half a tsp of sauce) I spent my Saturday evening baking with a niece — ham & pineapple pizza and apple pie. My boyfriend was ecstatic to serve it with spaetzle — he said it was good.
But no body said I can’t blame God!
I am not driving anyone to hate Magnum. I am not proclaiming sosyalism either. Sosyalness does not equate to irrational overpricing. Also, I am not proclaiming colonial mentality. If you enjoy local branded Ice Cream, you can choose Selecta but other variants instead, and not as bland as Magnum.
Focus: CAMSHAFTS
In his 1996 Declaration, bin Laden voiced his hatred of the US not because of its invasion of Iraq or the Afghanistan intervention, they were to come five and seven years later, but because of its presence in his own Saudi Arabia
A rich candidate may have the right to try to buy an election, but that candidate should not have the ability to pay for a campaign by giving a mortgage on his future votes.
If you can dream – of a country we could be;
The People’s Assembly shall put its rules of procedure to regulate the manner of working in it and the way of exercising its functions, and define terms of reference of the Assembly’ office.
After the child had been sick for seven days, he died… David comforted his wife Bathsheba and slept with her. Later on, she gave birth to another son and named him Solomon.
Proposals within the Crime and Security Bill - published last week - will for the first time put a time limit, in most cases six years, on how long profiles are stored when the alleged offender is either not charged or later cleared.
Shag stepped up to the ageing whippet.
If you are going to be doing all of the work for me, I really think you deserve some of the money, don’t you? I’m really excited about this (very unfortunate) situation. I have been working my butt off for years and finally I’m going to get some of the money I deserved. Do you think you can give me your contact information? I feel more comfortable doing this on the telephone or on a web chat. Do you have Skype?
‘Till the Robo-Kitty
Pour this mixture onto the marinated chicken and mix well, making sure all the pieces are well coated with the paste
Gratitude is, first and foremost, a change in perception. Instead of seeing my life as not enough, the key is to see what I’ve been given as sufficient, or even abundant. I keep trying to “fill up” on noise and heat and light and activity, but I think that the trick is to empty out, to stop trying to take control of my own existence and just to be.
the prairies;
Dogville
3. Histoire, 2003
The dullest film of the year, or any other year, Jon Amiel’s plodding story of Charles Darwin’s struggle to write On The Origin of Species saw Paul Bettany share a scene with an orang-utan, who acts him off the screen.
The core of one of the most legendary touring bands of all time remains Phil Lesh (bass), Bob Weir (guitar), Mickey Hart and Bill Kreutzmann (drums). New are keyboardists Jeff Chimenti and Rob Barraco, who migrated over from Weir’s side band, Ratdog. Jimmy Herring (lead guitar) has the job of standing in the swirling black hole created by the 1995 death of Jerry Garcia. And singer Joan Osborne is the latest recruit in the long-lived tradition of Dead-affiliated female backup singers, Susan Tedeschi (last time around with the Other Ones) and Donna Jean Godcheaux (early 1970s) the most notable.
Don’t bother concern trolling me. These men were/are horrible horrible horrible people who have coarsened the political discourse so that there really is no discourse anymore, nakedly hate and root for the downfall of a significant portion of their fellow citizens, and have–I’m just going to say it– probably caused actual deaths, with their rampant and unapologetic racism, misogyny and homophobia.
Amber's a prolific quilter, and always has great photos to show off her finished pieces. I just know you'll enjoy visiting her as much as I do!
No wonder all his records are sealed!
Opportunity cost is a funny thing. It's so fundamentally critical to game theory and the formation of a good game, but the inclusion of additional opportunities seem to increase the complexity in an almost exponential manner.
This company is ran through the ideas and
Klee struggled with colour, and many of his earlier paintings were black & white. This "long struggle with colour" was eventually overcome and Klee managed to produce over 9000 works. In his best year, 1939, he produced over 1200 works.
12.) Magic Girls
Our poor master bathroom has needed an update for awhile now, we finally saved up and decided to give it a little help. For some strange reason, there was carpet in there under the sinks. I don't know why anyone would want carpet in your bathroom! First off, we ripped out the carpet and put tile down. We found an awesome tile guy that was super reasonable and a very nice kid. He did an awesome job! He tiled our counter top, floors, and around our bathtub. Then we painted the cabinet a chocolate brown and got new sinks and brushed nickel faucets. We got a new light above the sinks at Lowe's and we framed out our mirror with some white molding. I love the way it updated our mirror. My hubby put a new rain shower in and a new shower faucet. I panited the walls a really nice gray/khaki color. I went to the "oops" paint section at Home Depot and got it for $5.00! We put in new baseboards and painted all the molding. We did all the work ourselves except for the tile. We did have a dear friend help us with the baseboards. Other then that, it was all us! We love Our new bathroom! Now off to the kitchen...
7. The most important thing is to have Fun!
This bunting or banner...whichever you prefer to call it. It seems to capture everything that summer ought to be. The granny chic fabrics conjure up sunny summer memories. If heaven had a lemonade stand...you bet it would be trimmed out with this!
Our next step was to go to CVS and get our "prescription" filled. On the way there I prayed a little prayer, "Please God, don't let me get pulled over with a zip lock baggy of baby powder in my front seat." Cheryl met us at the drive through window where I passed her the Rx along with the bag of goods. She returned a minute or so later, and explained how it would keep the scary bear and wolf away. Luke bought it hook, line and sinker.
The Big Gay Ice Cream Truck had a perpetually long line all day. Their menu was very creative. The choice of toppings was staggering and unusual for ice cream: olive oil and sea salt, ground wasabi peas, toasted curried coconut, trix cereal, mixed berries and saba, banana-Scharffen Berger cocoa puree, cayenne pepper and dulce de leche with crushed Nilla wafers. Crazy stuff!
Round The Twist, another DVD box set in my collection. I loved this programme, it was so different and that little bit more gross then anything else on TV at the time. Particular favourite episode is the one where Bronson finds a green cabbage patch baby.
“There is power in the streets but it needs to be used.”
easy-peasy and very outside my comfort-zone!
— Jamie Ludwig"
Life is only going to get more stressful, and I have to learn to handle it better. In the past, I handled stress with snacking and sugary foods. I think I've tackled that bad habit, but replaced it with other bad habits. Now that I'm aware of my problems, I think I can find healthier outlets for stress.
For feet, I splurge a little bit. You can use antiperspirants on your feet, and Certain Dri also makes a couple of products for feet that I've heard work quite well. I don't know about other dancers, but I can't bear the thought of wearing pantyhose, so to keep my shoes from
Here's the real reason for the anger.
I don’t know why I tell him this matter. It’s a disgrace and I ever told anyone about this, but now I tell this to Yoochun, a vampire.
a drizzle of extra virgin olive oil
The man looked at her and she glanced up, meeting his gaze. The streetlights flashed on his face, stealing all colour and warmth from his eyes. They were so cold that she couldn’t tear hers away. She stared into them, chilled by the detached air that he emanated but fascinated by him at the same time. Was he as empty inside as his eyes? She had never met anyone who looked as hollow and emotionless as this man did. Something terrible must have happened to him to make him look this way.
c. under Sir Ralph Abercrombie in Egypt, 1801,
The foe ofttimes, having the foe in sight,
Never use your scope out of a window.
Feminism needs to demand that fathers fully engage in the struggle to make parenting a joyful, cooperative stage of life, rather than a gendered minefield.
I begged the authorities to let me in Vain, but nothing I said would sway them.
Butterflies took up residence in my stomach as the time approached, but the time was usefully spent refining what I was going to say. The flutters multiplied when the phone went and they asked me to wait another 20 mins. Finally, they called and I was patched through to the studio. I listened to about 5 minutes of the programme and then, with a rather over-the-top introduction, I was live.
I was packed and ready to head to Grand Rapids for the annual Festival of Faith and Writing Conference at Calvin College. As I rechecked the contents of my briefcase and reviewed the workshop schedule, I savored the moments I would be able to indulge in the opportunity to hear Francine Rivers speak. I have always wanted to meet her. She is an incredible writer. Also, I looked forward to special meetings with other writers and editors. The three and a half hour drive to Grand Rapids would be long, but enjoyable as I had already packed the audio version of Karen Kingsbury’s Redemption Series to listen to as I traveled.
I'll let you know.
I'm sure it's the same with every other new parent... I had a moment of guilt today. Jacob and I were walking through the mall, one of my hands pushing the stroller the other holding Jacob's hand as he walked beside me. His little hand usually only holds our last two fingers... so here we are walking in the mall when he loses his step. Of course my pinky and ring finger aren't strong enough to hold his grip and he falls face first on the floor. It was our first injury! Two of his little teeth started bleeding, only a little bit, but still!!! It has now been confirmed that his blood is red! Thankfully I had a wise friend with me with two rough and tumble little guys, who assured me that he was fine and that he'd come through unscathed from the experience! Whew! I apologized profusely to my little boy, feeling guilty that I didn't hold a better grip of his hand, or that I didn't catch him! It wasn't a nice moment, that's for sure! I think we're doing pretty good though, seeing as we've been together for nearly a month and that was the first (of many, I'm aware) boo boo!
‘We are moving beyond Jesus’
14.Blue-Grey..Lt Grey..Ice Blue......Sharp Features
Television Personalities- And Don’t The Kids Just Love It, The Painted Word, Abba- Gold,
“I am the true vine, and my Father is the vinedresser. Every branch in me that does not bear fruit he takes away, and every branch that does bear fruit he prunes, that it may bear more fruit. Already you are clean because of the word that I have spoken to you. Abide in me, and I in you. As the branch cannot bear fruit by itself, unless it abides in the vine, neither can you, unless you abide in me. I am the vine; you are the branches. Whoever abides in me and I in him, he it is that bears much fruit, for apart from me you can do nothing. If anyone does not abide in me he is thrown away like a branch and withers; and the branches are gathered, thrown into the fire, and burned. If you abide in me, and my words abide in you, ask whatever you wish, and it will be done for you. By this my Father is glorified, that you bear much fruit and so prove to be my disciples.” (John 15:1-8 ESV)
With faint memories of what we once wanted
Cut a fresh pineapple into chunks.
The top 20 nations according to this ranking are as follows. No surprises about which country is in first place but some of the other nations at the top of the table are perhaps a little surprising.
1 pound sea scallops, patted dry
The circles also help ensure heat is quickly dissipated, without being conducted down the handle, and providing extra grip.
My chance was there when Diesel lifted his boot off my back and I took it.
So, this Monday I woke up to a very good email from my university- “Your refund has been processed.” When I read the email, half asleep and super groggy, I thought I was reading something incorrectly. I thought maybe it says payment has been processed? I know I owed the library $2 of late fees. So I opened up the email and bam!
Row 18-21- ch1, turn, sc in 6sc.
Check out all the details about this challenge of "rolled flowers" and see if you can win 3 images from Saturated Canary. Woo hoo thanks to Krista!
My main goal was to find a good deal on an animal print rug that I've been wanting for a year now and Shan so sweetly obliged me.
Okay, here are two photos of the final products, with a 15mm orc lurking in the woods for reference:
Great.
Thanks for reading! =)
Expressway to Yr. Skull
And also, as you will notice that
Jasmine A. Summerville, 21, of Green Bay, Wis., was performing at Dancers Ranch, 7000 Sixth St. SW, when the assault happened Wednesday, said Cedar Rapids Police Lt. Charles Mincks. He said another stripper, 26-year-old Amber L. Ross, of 814 Third Ave. SW, was “screaming” and approaching Summerville in a “threatening manner.” Summerville allegedly bit Ross’ finger when it was pointed into her face.
I guess it’s never to early to instill a love for fitness and the outdoors!
You have to learn to manage your stress to get to bed too! If you are stressed you release stress hormones that put you in fight or flight response. You won’t be able to fall asleep because your body is preparing for fight or flight! Sleep is the last thing on your body’s agenda! Make sense? Corticotropin-Releasing Hormone impairs your sleep. When the balance of GH and CRH are off it is associated with aging and depression. When you are stressed you have less immune function. You have less ability to cope, and you have less ability to kill off changing cells. Everyone has cancer cells, with healthy immune function your miracle body is able to keep up and kill off the mutant cells but as your immune function lowers it’s harder to ward off and cells can multiply to rapidly for your immune system to keep up with. NOTHING IS MORE IMPORTANT THAN THAT YOU MANAGE YOUR STRESS. NOTHING ROBS YOU OF YOUR VITAL ENERGY FASTER THAN STRESS!!! STRESS STEALS THE VITAL ENERGY YOU NEED FOR YOUR BODIES REPAIRING AND INNATE HEALING RESPONSE TO WORK OPTIMALLY!!!
The usual practice of weekends in Spain IS different from what I do in America.
Am I actually staging a comeback?
Math ml support
This is where I should explain about my family members in Korea, I have an aunt (mom’s side) and a cousin who live here in Seoul. Before coming here I’ve met the both of them once in my entire life (at least once that I can remember). I spoke to my cousin today for the second time in my life and he is coming to meet me at my apartment tomorrow and make sure I am settled in and have everything I need like medicine for my cold and a calling card for home… even after I repeatedly told him that is not necessary.
#1 The unemployment rate in Spain has reached 24.4 percent - a new all-time record high. Back in April 2007, the unemployment rate in Spain was only 7.9 percent.
When not in school, the local kids, especially the boys, liked to come and play with me. I was the one with the wild and vivid imagination that could create entire other worlds in the various places we'd go to be children. Some of them wondered when I talked to the various other quadrupeds at my home if those other creatures weren't answering me back in tongues they could not even begin to comprehend.
The worst bit comes now..
A word to you gals about Bolero's at Seville. I think I mentioned the free dinner that Gary won for 1st place in his spinning class. Well, we went last night and had the free meal. And let me tell you something: I would have sent it back if I had paid for it. I had the filet with mashed potatoes and mushroom gravy. The steak was TINY, the potatoes were cold, the gravy was congealed. Basically, an ugly mess. If I had paid the $32 they charged for the meal, I would have made the chef redo it. I just picked at the potatoes. So I had two minuscule pieces of meat for dinner. Yeah, don't expect to see us going back there anytime soon. And, if Gary ever wins anything else for Bolero's, I will give the meal away! *&$%#^%$$^&#*
Blue Monkey wants to play the fiddle. I teach him how to use the bow and play open strings. He learns the names of the strings and practices.
"Any more reasons than that my friend?"
Roger Bismuth, the president of the Tunisian Jewish community, has recently been campaigning against what he says is becoming almost a regular occurrence – of radical Islamist groups publicly calling for the killing of Jews. "I will be attending the Hiloula this year, mainly because President Marzouki and many ministers in the Tunisian government are scheduled to attend," he told me. "However, it is so difficult to organise a large event given the circumstances."
What should one conclude from this:
Tim Tebow has a platform too. As an NFL quarterback he is regularly interviewed on television and always gives the glory to his Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ, despite being ridiculed from one side of the country to the other.
All right - for everyone who has been sending me the wonderful notes - thank you! I'm here today to clarify everything I possibly can. LOL - don't get your hopes up, it will probably be clear as mud by the time I'm done.
I want to point out that it was a ladylike snort. Because I am a . . . oh, never mind.
No, it has nothing to do with the fact you have not – and steadfastly refuse – to prove your constitutional eligibility to hold the office and continue to lie about transparency! and accountability!
When I was 21, and visiting Paris for my first grown-up time, I read Ernest Hemingway's A Moveable Feast. In that memoir to his Parisian salad days, Hemingway describes Sylvia Beach's Shakespeare and Company -- the gathering place for the literati of the time. Beach, an American expatriate, was hosting her version of the Parisian salon -- with a capitalistic twist, aptly. She became known for her friendships, for her encouragement of writers and for the frequent readings sponsored by the bookstore. Like her friend Gertrude Stein, she was a lesbian -- and Paris created a space for her to be truly herself. As Stein said, America is my country and Paris is my hometown.
We have to admit that James is always compared with the other NBA legends. Starting professional career straight from high school, James was following the likes of Garnett and Kobe Bryant’s footsteps. The highly rated starlet even already signed a contract with Nike before his professional debut. And the superstar apprentice was predicted would be able to surpass the-greatest-of-all, Michael Jordan.
1 1/2 cups cooked brown or white rice
I’d been listening to her act for 90 minutes and even heard her name, but until she spoke directly to me (as herself and not her character) I wasn’t sure if I knew her or not.
Before-
III.—Bitter Ale And Beer.
It mentions in the article that our 'SIBOL' project was started in Memory of my Grandmother which it was and today is her Birthday! I am so happy, what a nice way to say I am thinking of her.
This one is by far my favorite of the Protocols. I get such a warm feeling when I know I’ve helped ease someones hurt. However, I do need to work on taking proper care of myself, not pushing myself too hard, etc. Because, if I can minimize my own hurt, I can be more effective when I’m needed by others.
Alfred Thomas Clark, enlisted with the Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry in 1915, but ended up with the Hampshire Regiment. He was Jemima's oldest child, and she must have thought she'd got away with it, as he survived all the way to the last week of the war. He died on 4 November 1918 in the Battle of the Sambre - the same battle Wilfred Owen died in.
Imogen: Mummy, I'm drawing pictures of garbage on my sign for garbage.
Here are some other statistics pointing out the same fact (these are all from globalissues):
Been playing lots of Warmachine lately. Most of it however has been teaching a bunch of new players at a nearby club. Not bad and there’s a host of new armies coming along so it’s all good, except those games aren’t usually the “real deal” (teaching and doing crazy stuff) and I usually end up battered both in my brain and my throat.
We are one!
I counted, abstracted, penny after penny,
A mention earlier on twitter of a colleague reunion, reminded me of a dear university friend who’s recently got in touch, and who is moving to Bristol later on this year.
Rehabilitation involves improving the physical and mental health of the orangutans and learning survival skills before being released back into a safe area in the wild.
I could see my husband drawing detailed plans before we started an addition to our home. I could remember negotiating with the bank to be sure that we had enough money to complete a project we were beginning. I saw our family sending off our first son to college confident that we had the financial reserve needed to complete his education expenses.
The white cardstock is from Hvítlist and the yellow one is from SU. The owl stamp is from Inkadinkado, stamped with Cats Eye Colorbox ink and embossed with clear embossing powder. The middle is then cut out with Nestabilities and Cuttlebug.
There's a long overdue conversation starting up, I hope, about whether you have to believe in "energy" in order to take "energy work" seriously. (Hint: do you have believe in Prometheus in order to take "Prometheus Unbound" seriously?)
1. A place for consumers to rollover their old 401(k)s. Think lendingtree.com for 401(k)s
Whose mainspring is love,
As a result of its dad-driven epiphany, K-C has pulled the offending commercial. You'll no longer see it on channels 6, 8, 12 and 35, or on any of the Comcast or Verizon cable channels serving the Richmond metro area. It'll be replaced by another, presumably inoffensive, one.
Half a century later, the journal shows up in a yard sale and finds its way into the lives of three suburban wives, all struggling with identity and marriage. Linda must face a summer with her 10-year-old spoiled step-daughter; Christine, after struggling with years of infertility, finds out she is pregnant at the same time her husband is suspected of murder; and Audrey, whose husband has become a health-nut, falls into an affair that gives her life new meaning. Mala's journal speaks to each woman in a different way, and they all try a spell to solve a problem in their lives.
Excerpt: The graph shows a huge upswing in labor participation through the Reagan years. George H.W. Bush, Bill Clinton and George W. Bush kept the numbers up in Reagan territory. Since Obama has taken over, he has wiped out the entirety of the Reagan gains.
Renwick’s appearance on the edge of Peeblesshire exposed a security problem for the authorities. In comparison to the Western shires, which were dotted with garrisons to suppress open presbyterian dissent, Peeblesshire was not heavily policed by government forces. That situation left the authorities far more reliant on the network of local heritors in the shire to inform them about seditious activities.
here in Malta she has arrived with heavy winds, rain and very dark thundering skies.
My beautiful, sweet Grandmother, GG (to Luz and James), celebrated her 85th birthday this week! Today was an extra-special celebration with family and friends at Barcelona restaurant. We enjoyed sangria, tapas and paella (prepared in the largest paella dish I have ever seen), followed by some flamenco dancing and beautiful Spanish guitar. It was the perfect way to enjoy such a special birthday.
The “geographical factor” has evolved from a mere reference to a geographical indication of provenance of a product to that of an indicator of qualities or characteristics which reflect its geographical origin. “Geographical origin” in this context means not merely the place from which the product physically comes or where it is manufactured, but a place that has a special link with the product in question and that relates to qualities resulting from the specific soil where the product is grown, to local human factors, culture, and ways in which it is produced, processed or prepared — or to the reputation acquired because of the tradition and the special way in which the product is handled or manufactured in a certain place, which may vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction.
To make my bus scroll, I basically followed the directions from the fabulous tutorial by Sarah at A Beach Cottage. I changed the layout and I used capitals, but the basic typing and printing process was the same as Sarah's.
23. Your computer? plodding
From “A Class Act”
In contrast, alongside the texts that detail these sacrifices there are also scripts in which we find an aversion to violence against animals. Chapter 257 of the Vicakhnu Gita, Mahabharata tells of King Vichakhnu having come up on the remains of a bull that had been butchered and in an epiphany was suddenly horrified by the thought as he only then noticed the cries of the other cattle in the quarters.
“Fortunate Son” was delivered by Skylar with her bouncy high energy.
After an extended practice session, a perturbing force was added to the robot arm in one condition only (arm in the LEFT workspace and target capture requiring movement directly ahead). The force dragged the arm anti-clockwise (ie to the participants' left) but they were able to counteract the force and move the cursor towards the animal.
To submit your story for consideration, send us a one-paragraph synopsis of your story and a brief bio about you. Don’t be shy – we have a rehearsal and offer lots of guidance. We want to hear your story!
How about this Americans, for a way out of the b.s. that is urban life now. Try a MASSIVE ‘Cattle Drive Trail (Highway)’ winding through the entire USA several time. Look at any herdsmen in the ’3rd World’. They do not have issues with lack of food though living in tents and being constantly on the move . . . in fact pay the herdsmen in meat and perhaps land for subsistence farming – how about 1 acre for every 5 years of herding work (lots of younger men would be self sufficient in as soon as 5 years instead of having 100,000s in debt on compound interest – no education but subsistence farming is far better than being hoodlums and gang bangers etc.) and animal husbandry work including food and board sound fair? Better than the homeless food stamp culture dotted with criminals and prison culture paid for by the tax payer. Look at Libya’s Green Mountain Project, plenty of young people who do not need any education or education debt to be part of that and to at least be able to grow their own food. It’s just that simple.
This week, my oldest daughter embarked on a unit about the Civil War and Slavery. Today she made a paper slave story quilt. Each of the nine squares is illustrated with an image or scene that depicts something she found important to share about slavery. She read several slave accounts, two history books on slavery, and a collection of primary resources to come up with her ideas. Her quilt looks beautiful. Unfortunately for the photo, she did the illustrations in colored pencil so they are very hard to see (she has a light touch). She enjoyed binding the images together with yarn. Initially she wanted to write a journal entry from a slave perspective and skip this project. I encouraged her to try the quilt - it is my belief that sometimes kids need a gentle, encouraging push out of their comfort zone. She told me later that she is delighted with the finished product and is glad she did the quilt. She's also decided to write the journal entries anyway as she loves writing so much. :)
This year, Mr PBBB's been much more productive than that. Much, much more productive. When announcing the winner, Zak Avery mentioned the 'elephant in the room' which was the sheer volume and quality of one particular entry. Indeed it was, Zak, indeed it was. We had 5-page articles that started on a right-hand page, followed over a double-page spread then finished in a couple of spurts between full page ads that we obviously didn't want to replicate. We had the gargantuan weight of his blog: taking on the BBC, waxing lyrical about some beers, berating Alistair Darling, raising the issue of neo-prohibitionism, celebrating bar snacks..you name it. We had a year's worth of Publican columns. We had his book, which luckily I didn't have to photocopy as we had a few knocking round the house.
(NOTE: we won't have prizes every week....you'll have to check in often to see when the next prize is coming...we will always choose a winner by random.org though and our top 3)
Somehow someone got me to the doctor’s office with my mom. The doctor, who was retiring that very day, wrapped my wrist in a magazine and sent us to the hospital.
Darren Hardy doesn’t call it TARGETTING, but I do… I AM deliberatelly targetting him… Darren Hardy knows everybody… IF Darren Hardy talked to just a few of his friends… Bearing in mind this is for charity… And got a few pairs of autographed pants together… Perhaps the “Motivational Pants”…? What would that be worth for charity…?
Here I was in a country where I did not speak the language with its corresponding side effect of not being able to make myself understood (examples reside here and here).
Like I’ve got some sort of wisdom to impart.
College was the logical next step. College was the expected next step. In my middle-American world, college is a necessary step. The number of high school students continuing their educations at universities and colleges across the country has grown significantly with the current generation. Yes, college enrollment has been on a steady increase for some time now, but the current attendees took the trend to a new level. Some people continue on the path of education because they genuinely enjoy learning and acquiring knowledge. Some students attend college for the simple reason that “it comes after high school.” Many other reasons exist that run the gambit that drive the 18-23 year old American demographic into the halls of educational institutions, despite rising prices and “questionable academics”. The big problem seems to crop up after “real life” approaches like a semi-truck with graduation. Where are you supposed to go afterward?
LOWERING SPRINGS ON STOCK STRUTS: 100 dollars
creative and decided to do a lil playing and
Why Pick on Me by The Standells
I basically had two reactions when I saw this. First, I thought it was sad that the dad can't be home to put his daughter to bed. Maybe he's a workaholic (which I can relate to) or maybe his job demands long hours. In our current world, most jobs put work before family. My second thought, after my second watching, is that the father is out of the country and can't be home. He is away on business. It made the commercial a bit more palatable for me, but I couldn't help but wonder why he wouldn't want to have a conversation with his daughter. Why not just talk?
A REIT is a company that owns and manages property – both commercial and residential – on behalf of shareholders, giving investors wider opportunities for accessing this important asset class.
The political grease that has helped ease luxury development on the waterfront in Williamsburg and Greenpoint has been the provision of a bonus for affordable housing, and the New Domino developers seek a rezoning for their project that would offer a similar tradeoff. But Velazquez was talking more about jobs than affordable housing.
I am holding my face to the light. Because I know that God is with me.
Celephais: Another dull experiment in fantasy from Lovecraft, but at least this one is written in language that is easier to read. A man named Kuranes (well, that's not his real name, it's his dream name, don't you know?) once dreamed of the magical city of Celephais, and now he spends his nights trying to find his way back. Is it ironic that these dream stories tend to put me sleep? Published in the May 1922 issue of The Rainbow, after "The Tomb" but before "The Lurking Fear".
I hope you will join in with us this week, I look forward to seeing what you make.
I have no time to post any recipes lately, life was hectic I was working 6 - 7 days a week. This blog has been neglected hopefully you did not miss me much :).
producer Alexander Korda's 1940 THIEF OF BAGDAD.
Yeah, I’m really focused at work. Oh yeah, I was reading that Betsey Johnson is filing bankruptcy so I went to the website to see if there was anything I could use my gift card on. Then I saw these…and I’m going to buy them. Because they are perfect.
The task is no doubt challenging, so let us turn to Marx for assistance. Among Marxist works on contemporary history such as Class Struggle in France 1848-50, The Eighteenth Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte, Revolution and Counterrevolution in Germany and Civil War in France, the second one, dealing with the counter-revolutionary coup d’état of December 2, 1851, should be most relevant for us. The obvious and huge differences between the French national scenario in mid-19th century and the situation in one state in India in the 21st century notwithstanding, we can profit from the brilliant analysis of how, under what political circumstances, the fruits of popular struggles could be usurped by an upstart-turned autocrat.
Rosettes - small are a 1 inch circle punch and large is a 2.5 inch circle punch. I have seen these before on a few projects and loved how they looked. However, when I've tried making them myself in the past, they always turned out horribly. This time, I misted the paper with water after cutting the curly Q by hand (I just eye-balled it) and then crumpled it up in a ball. Uncrumple carefully and then add some random curls so the flower will curl in and out. Roll it while it is still damp and allow to dry. This worked like a charm!
When we were kids and had one of those moments when we could not, simply could not stop talking, the saying at home was:
topping and apples slices. You could be creative and try other ingredients.
I am hoping for similar turn around in other second attempts around here.
I hope you guys love these songs as much as I do!
Finally, around 2:30, someone came in to take out my IV and I was able to get dressed. That was tricky. I couldn’t bend over and it was very painful. We left the hospital around 3:00 and got home around 4:45. I was in so much pain when we got home…it was a rough night. I couldn’t sleep comfortably because I’m not able to lay on my side like I normally do.
As for the staffing issues, I've always said it's the best and worst part of the gig. When you have a great crew, your job and your life is immensely easier. When it's not so great for whatever reasons, you find yourself working much longer and much harder to keep the ship righted. The ironic part is I believe I have Carl's staffing Achilles' heel to thank for my ice cream shop being in Easthampton.
My body does suffer physical pain at the hands of my Dom. Only he never soothes me when it's over. He is blissfully unaware.
Here are some pictures from the last two weeks. We hope that everyone has a Merry Christmas, or whatever it is that you celebrate! We are excited that this is our last Christmas as a couple...we will finally have a family to celebrate with next year. We aren't even doing Christmas gifts for each other this year because the best gift is these babies and it's all about them now. We are so incredibly blessed and happy for the first Christmas in a long time, and our hearts go out to those of you who continue to fight the hellish infertility battle. I hope that our story gives you HOPE and helps you to keep the FAITH.
Ether Geometry, Samij Datta, 2012
And what about you? What colours will you be using for Christmas?
I don’t really want to close this post with such negativity (yet another thing he will not be forgiven for anytime soon), so I’d also like to share some of the positives these past couple of days have brought. I have had an outpouring of love from all my friends. Text messages to help bump him way down the list so I don’t have to see his face every time I open my phone. Phone calls from so many of you just to check in on me, make sure I’m okay. Affirmations that I am beautiful, I am sexy, I still got it, I am worthy from the unlikeliest of places. Even my ex-husband has joined in with the support because he APPRECIATES me and loves me for being the mother of his children. He doesn’t like seeing me hurting because he knows what a good person I am and what I give to others. He knows that if I’m pushing someone to be better, it’s not because I don’t like them the way they are but because I know they are capable of being so much more. He knows that because he lived it, and he is thankful for it. I can’t express the gratitude I have for everyone who has rallied around me through this. One person should never have the power to break someone else down so bad, but he did. And I let him. But if one person has the power to do that, how come it takes 50 others to build you back up again? I don’t know, but I am so grateful for it. I’ve never been the type to need anyone. I’ve always been strong and independent, but at this moment in my life, I NEED this. I need to lean on my friends and my family, I need to be told constantly that I am beautiful, I am sexy, I am intelligent, I still got it, I have a heart of gold, and any man would be lucky to have me. I need to hear over and over again that I WILL get through this and I will be a stronger better person because of it. I need to hear over and over again that my one true love is out there somewhere and will find me if I let him. And my friends and family are giving this to me. It’s the best gift EVER. To know you are loved by so many. And over the past several days, this is what has been making me cry the most. The overwhelming LOVE I am feeling from all of them. I truly hope that one day I can re-pay this gift. I am deeply humbled by it all.
O may my heart’s truth
Rather than pick up one of my wips I started a new piece. I want to work on smaller pieces so I can have the joy of finishing things rather quickly. Right now with all the stress of the lump in my breast, my concentration just isn't there for working on larger pieces. So I started a Lizzie Kate design, "Peace Love And A Cure". I am going to make it into a little pillow and on the back I will stitch "HOPE" and "FIGHT" to remind me to fight it with all I have if it turns out to be a cancerous tumor. If not then I will just stitch HOPE, or find a pretty fabric to back the pillow and donate it. I also wanted to stitch something with brighter, cheerful colors, and this pattern jumped out at me.
50 37 00.59 N , 07 07 45.30 W
I took the parrot's pill today.
This blog is not going to add more confusion to the many rumours that already exist. Instead, it’s going to point out very briefly the media-psyops involved, and also provide readers with some lesser-known aspects of the science of Forensic Ballistics, which will be covered in the followup posting - (PART 2).
The characters are well drawn, but there is a mystery that surrounds all of them. Many of them have histories in their past lives, and Lenzi, because of her amnesia, has forgotten it all. At the beginning of the novel, I wasn’t sure about Lenzi. I wasn’t sure if I was going to like her or not. She was still reeling from the death of her father, and afraid that like him, she was losing her mind. Zak too was a puzzle to me. He clearly has a past of his own, but he cares for Lenzi. At the same time his choices seem selfish and wrong. Alden was probably my favorite character—mostly because he got Lenzi out of her I’m going crazy like my father stage. All the characters had flaws, and that made them feel like real people.
(Just a little piece of valuable info here, Mom and I are both very silly and love to laugh at each other’s mistakes, for instance as I was writing “Most of the time that means watching a movie or reading a book” above, I put “watching a book or reading a movie”.) Hey, you’ve gotta at least chuckle!! Come on, chuckle… you can do it… come on…
For all of you who don’t know, I am a licensed cosmetologist for almost 4 years now and work at a local salon.
Consider this; if you don't pay your mortgage payment and you can't give up anything, do you really deserve your home? Another thought is this; when you are about to loose your home, you will have the expense of moving. How will you move if you do not funds to pay your mortgage?
We celebrated Sofia's 7th birthday with a sewing party! (I still can't believe that she's seven! And, I think that's why I work so hard to create special moments for my kids' birthdays... I need to ground the blur of passing years with these big events... they become the landmarks that we can easily identify when we want to reminiscence...)
Tonight, however, I'm drinking another regular old stout. Because I like them! And I feel like I've earned it. I worked out today and everything. So there. Today's beer is Bridgeport Brewery's Black Strap Stout. I opened this beer almost 15 minutes ago, and then got side tracked by this stupid post. So it's been sitting awhile with only a few sips taken, and the head is still almost an inch thick. Regardless of how long I left it there, I have a feeling that it would leave lacy trails all the way down the glass as I drank it. (That's a good thing!) It totally smells like chocolate and coffee, with almost a cocoa taste immediately hitting me. After that dissolves, there's a little bitter kick of hops, with some molasses, and a dry, i-need-to-drink-more-now feeling left in my mouth.
My husband shows me through his words and actions that he regrets his choice. He broke all contact with her, and committed to the marriage. He’s attended therapy with me weekly for more than a year. He’s listened, showed empathy, tried to make things right and correct the wrongs, tried to protect me from the evil that came from his actions. He is remorseful?
18 So then as through one trespass for all men resulting in judgment, so also through one righteous act to all men resulting in justification and life. 19 For as through the disobedience of the one many were made sinners, so also through the obedience of the one man will the many be made righteous. 20 But the law entered that the trespass should increase, but where sin increased, grace abounded.. 21 so that, just as sin reigned in death, so also grace may reign through righteousness resulting in eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. (Romans 5:18-21 Possessing the Treasure New Testament V1)
Miller served in the US Army during World War II in the Italian campaign and he participated in perhaps one of the saddest episodes of that campaign, the bombing of the ancient Benedictine monastery of Monte Cassino. From that moment in 1944, when a horrified Miller learned that instead of Monte Cassino being a German stronghold but rather a place of refuge for Italian women and children displaced by the conflicts between the Partisans, the Fascist Italian/German forces, and the Allied invaders, everything changed for Miller. He converted to Catholicism in 1945, apparently due to his struggle to understand the world around him and the evils that humans commit, sometimes in the name of good. Although Miller had a prior interest in SF, it was only during a period of time from 1951 to 1957 that he ever had any of his works published. While three closely-linked novellas from 1955-1957, originally published in Fantasy & Science Fiction, formed A Canticle for Leibowitz, Miller wrote almost another three dozen stories during this period, fourteen of which are collected in Dark Benediction (the American edition, The Best of Walter M. Miller, Jr., was originally published in 1980).
I am sitting on the hill of the Acropolis.
There has been much progress in the areas of distance learning over the past five to ten years. Early mistakes have been made, and best practices are now established.
Yes I am talking to you. You know who you are! I have something to tell you that you might not have known for sure lately. But is something that is absolutely true. Here it is. Are you ready for it?
one less messy step
I knew the horribly homophobic and bigoted Amendment One (in North Carolina) would pass, because nothing gets the fundies stirred up like getting a chance to shit all over the gays. In fact, that and slut-shaming seem to be their favorite activities, that I can see. (Feeding the poor and all that other boring stuff Jesus instructed them to do? Not so much.)
I don't know this for a fact,
From the balcony above me, sheets of water channeled Niagara Falls, jumping off into mud-soaked hydrangeas next to my ground floor patio.
The next day, we visited the Ferry Building for the second time, and I had the Greatest Latte Ever at the "secret" coffee bar with the shockingly short line. It didn't take 10 minutes to brew, either.
Are you there?
One day I came across a book by Peter Greenaway, ‘Flying over water’ (Merrell Holberton publishers), a really fascinating book! At the end of the preface Greenaway asks the striking question: “After failing to fly, did Icarus fail to swim?” In the beginning of the first chapter he writes: “… Icarus – the first pilot, the first flyer, the first air disaster.”
Motse Mfuleni, the general secretary for the Black IT Forum, yesterday said the deal would contribute significantly to the information and communication technology (ICT) sector in terms of intellectual property development and job creation.
01. Bounty Killer & Beenie Man - DJ Refix
full of missing pieces.
Despite all of the new goodies and new chapter books (and she loves her some chapter books), she was a bit disappointed that her new "school Bible" had not yet arrived. I ordered the Bible from a different vendor, so it should arrive by Monday or Tuesday. But, she mentioned that she is more excited about her new Bible than any of the rest of it. Annabelle loves her some Bible! If you ask her, it is truly her favorite book. The girl cannot get enough of it!
Lesley Watkinson (Con) 85
The second time I went through the line I decided to get the guys to sign my 59/50 Authentic cap. I was hoping they'd still have some of their cards they brought to sign (so I could trade a few) but they were out so I settled on getting the cap signed.
Another triumph from Toei, the people who would one day bring you Battle Royale.
I just recently purchased 8 more diapers so we will have 15 in all!
‘When he ascended on high he made captivity itself a captive; he gave gifts to his people.’ The gifts he gave were that some would be apostles, some prophets, some evangelists, some pastors and teachers, to equip the saints for the work of ministry, for building up the body of Christ, until all of us come to the unity of the faith and of the knowledge of the Son of God, to maturity, to the measure of the full stature of Christ. We must no longer be children, tossed to and fro and blown about by every wind of doctrine, by people’s trickery, by their craftiness in deceitful scheming. But speaking the truth in love, we must grow up in every way into him who is the head, into Christ, from whom the whole body, joined and knitted together by every ligament with which it is equipped, as each part is working properly, promotes the body’s growth in building itself up in love."
1/3 cup sweetener (I used Splenda granules - I prefer Truvia but I was wanting to keep the carbs as low as possible)
Good Morning Pollycrafters!!
This question is the central theme of this blog, “What shall we eat?”. Perhaps in the imagination of the agrarian readers of Leviticus it was almost as impossible as it seems to us to feed yourself without practicing constant and intensive agriculture. The answer to the question of how they will eat if the land is not in production is found at the beginning and middle of the chapter:
Sunday was the day that family got together for a big meal. In our household, when we were teenagers, it meant a quick-lunch or picnic and then we spent the afternoon skiing. We broke away from the river just in time to hurriedly prepare for evening worship. I’ve read that Billy and Ruth Graham tried to make this day especially fun for their children. No one was allowed to watch television. It was the only day that they were allowed to drink Coca-Cola. Sunday afternoons were spent playing board games with their parents and having an extra piece of pie. My husband insisted that the only way to honor Sunday afternoon was by taking a nap.
do you know that if you go up to the google search engine and type in the word "unfortunately" and your name- like this- "unfortunately, joanne", it will give you many responses starting with those two words?! i know, i just had to try it. some of the responses are kind of dull but most are pretty funny and some are down right hilarious!
The big protest is next week of course in London on March 26th. I've decided not to go for a number of reasons, but I really hope the people that can make a difference notice and give a toss.
Like Forget Me Not this is another book which takes on an important contemporary issue, bipolar illness, but with a fantastical twist. I wonder if it's a new trend, and I'm curious to see how Garsee combines the two. I hope it has the dark and creepy, yet emotional, storytelling that I'm looking for.
He was, indeed, a «literary» man, absorbed for the most part in journalism but finding time, also, to publish poetry and to perform his duties as official translator for the National Council. August Schou, director of the Norwegian Nobel Institute, points out that Ducommun’s writing often showed «striking acuity of thought», citing a dialogue he wrote in 1901 in which he refutes the notion current in that day that a war between major powers would be short because of the destructiveness of modern weapons, and predicts, in its stead, a long «war of attrition with alternating advances and retreats, and with operations bound up with a system of trenches and strongpoints»1.
It seems to make sense to me that the more we can see beauty in everything, the happier we are likely to become. Seeing the beautiful compounds our happiness...it's all chemistry.
Saturday Night Speaker Meeting
“This is no dream,” I said, getting back into the chair. “You asked me what I want and I’ll give you a straight answer. I’m here to help you. Think of me as your guardian angel.”
They had a few tables set up outside which was great especially on our nice spring days here in the valley and because the inside was crowded so it allowed there to be enough seating for everyone. I would definitely suggest going early if you are going for lunch, we got there a little before 11:30 and the line was almost out the door. It did move quickly so that says something about the service, the staff was friendly and they were moving through the guests in line seeing if anyone needed help with just pastries or bread to keep the line moving.
It seems an exaggeration to call butter tarts the dessert for which Canada is known, since no American I know has ever heard of a butter tart, yet butter tarts are one of the few foods to which Canada can lay full claim.
Peak Volumes (previously Tomes of Buxton): Secondhand and antiquarian books on all topics – a bookshop the way they used to be
A wonderful quote from Tim Keller that I would like to share with you:
I signed up to do April's A-Z Challenge,
So, this past weekend was pretty much the most boring thing ever. With my music history research paper out of the way and no other homework to hold me down, I pretty much sat around and did nothing all weekend.
So I wanted to pop in and let you all know that Sentimental Sundays will be back January 1st, with so many changes and faces and of course a new challenge!!! YEAH!!!
And wrestlers with destiny in her lists of will,
Reason I left
Geoffrey Shryhane's still got his column. His beard is grey now but he's still got his beaming smile as if he's just polished off a large chocolate eclair. (He also lives next door to my wool shop-owning relative)
84. Yes, we have the coolest bunco group around. "Prom Night" at next months bunco and we're all going STAG!!!
Dash freshly ground pepper
*New kid car coming this week (please, oh please, let me find something!)
Scraplift Challenge - at Mouse Scrappers. Challenge ends Sunday 4/8, so move quickly! All participants will receive my Words of Love word art pack.
Landon has the passion. She could perhaps be caught for an interview between painting, teaching, flying and exhibiting. It would make a great beginning to the TV show. Actually she could be interviewed regularly and the audience would never tire of her stories.
I love a good ghost story. Eager for spooky details but armed with a healthy dose of skepticism, I indulge my paranormal cravings whenever possible. From the televised sounds or images caught by ghost hunting equipment to a third hand tale of grandma’s apparition in the attic, a good ghost story can literally give me goose bumps.
OK, enough about school. At Brownies, Kerri earned a few new badges. She still wants to go to gymnastics, and take art classes. Her asthma seems to be pretty much controlled this winter, and her psoriasis too. She keeps getting nosebleeds though, but we are now able to stop them pretty quickly. I think the humidifier in her room is helping - and the warmer winter too. And although we all love the snow...we are looking forward to an earlier Spring! Kerri can't wait to kick her soccer ball around, and now wants roller blades (and a pogo stick, a scooter, and a skateboard). It's going to be a very active Spring. And just like flowers grow in Spring, Kerri has been in a growth spurt too. We are having a hard time finding clothes that fit! She has some new size 7 jeans that are too tight around her hips, so we are moving up to size 8. We had to buy new panties in size 10 because the size 8 ones were starting to feel uncomfortable around her legs. And she outgrew her sneakers - we had to run out and buy a new pair (size 2) for school this past weekend. Kerri laughed and told me she will be taller than me by the time she is sixteen. Oy.
This was the one I offered my little ones for dessert after they finished their dinner-
The 4th Annual Ponderosa Stomp takes place April 26 and 27 at the Rock 'N Bowl Mid City Lanes in New Orleans. This year's enticing line-up of R&B, swamp pop, garage rock and rockabilly cats features Scotty Moore (Elvis' Sun Records-era guitarist), Link Wray, Roy Head, Archie Bell, Barbara Lynn, Billy Swan, Blowfly, Lazy Lester and lots more. Ace drummer Earl Palmer will serve as master of ceremonies.
Shoes: faded brand, think it was Marco Gianni
Amenable of such squat close up, it online shop germany be offers united states handful of out of your flat costs.
This is what my day looked like:
My latest obsession has become English arm rolled sofas.
The weather was very kind to us - only providing us with a couple of downpours in the morning which didn't matter as there were plenty of trees to shelter under. For much of the afternoon we were basking in sunshine.
A nutritionist and a professional weight loss consultant with more than 23 years experience. Anne Collins is arguably the best
Who knows, maybe some Astronomers were themselves responsible for these fables and legends. Don’t we sometimes get impatient with our kids when they ask complicated questions?
First session begins at 5:45 pm and second session begins at 6:45 pm.
Diversion: this whole dyslexia thing is started to bother me greatly. Not the fact that he has it, but that it doesn't seem to be recognised as a "disability" requiring additional funding. To be honest I am torn - I don't want it to be labelled a "disability" because he has too many abilities to give him a label like that. No kid should have that label regardless of their extra needs. But if we want specialised attention the school needs the extra funding and to get the extra funding we need to have dyslexia recognised, and to get it recognised we need to have it labelled as a disability. I might be wrong, but that is the way I am perceiving it at the moment. I am going to QUIETLY be doing a whole lot more research and talking to a few Government people to get a handle on things. I say quietly because I don't want to make this a big thing for Darby. I don't want to single him out. But the reality is we live in a book based, reading based, society. To be able to answer a maths question you have to be able to read the question. To be able to learn your history and be tested on it, you have to be able to read it. If you can't read it doesn't make you less smart. It just means you can't read. It's very tricky when your eyes and brain messages work a little differently to everyone else's. Very tricky ..... especially when you are really clever and actually know all the answers ... it's just the reading and writing bit that lets you down. End Diversion.
However, last night I made an effort to indulge in whatever came my way. I ate a mini hot dog, plus other infantil buffet delicacies that I didn’t recognize.
Don Cherry likes to talk about how the implementation of the instigator rule changed the game. Teams had employed enforcers to protect their star players but, with the new rule, enforcers might draw an extra penalty as “instigators” when they intervened. This proved too high a price for teams to accept, star players went unprotected and, according to Cherry, made them increasingly open to abuse and injury, throwing the game out of control. But control doesn’t come only from enforcers like Semenko. The league could act as its own enforcer, to shut down the most dangerous and exaggerated aspects of its play. This it could have done. Make no mistake: in round one it wasn’t the league as enforcer that settled things down. Brendan Shanahan’s 25-game suspension of Raffi Torres was shooting a fish in a barrel. The real enforcer was the public. They’d had it and they said so. They don’t believe Gordie Howe and Johnny Bower are wusses.
2 large potatoes
" Fishy I know you don't want the baby to get sick".
Because there was no consciousness, no sentient being, biological being, carbonbased being, in that primordial fireball which is supposed to have created the universe, the big bang.But this other way of looking at things says that the universe remained in possibility until there was self-referential quantum measurement—so that is the new concept. An observer’s looking is essential in order to manifest possibility into actuality, and so only when the observer looks, only then does the entire thing become manifest—including time. So all of past time, in that respect, becomes manifest right at that moment when the first sentient being looks.
These three outfits were created using more tops headed out, never be seen again. I found a high-waisted black pencil skirt and some wide belts to keep them in her closet rotation.
1. If I didn’t have power how would I cook and bake?
Miller-Heidke said Perry's hit song was offensive.
I love the way the title of this book sits in American garden history. America's strongest landscape tradition is not of its private gardens but of its national parks; and 'Beautiful America' is most often, even today, its unique wildernesses. In 'My Country 'Tis of Thee', the nation's de facto anthem, it is
My mom was able to come and watch the kids for us so we could go to NYC overnight...
6) Meeting readers!!! Fans are what make all the hard work worth while, and meeting them in person is the greatest thing in the world!
I think it's her size and beautiful shabby patina.
Wishing everyone a wonderful year ahead and may you be blessed with the company of your loved ones and lots of crafty moments!
One of the most significant economic forces on insurance products is interest rates and they will hover near zero through 2012.
Jenkins & Hogin LLP
This off-again-on-again routine took place for about ten minutes and was only stopped when we boarded our flat-bottom boat to leave. Not that our departure deterred the monkey…but that’s a story for another day.
I dabbled in Yoga back in the 60’s. The first thing I learned was that I am “white-man-stiff”. A naturally bad back left me unable to touch my toes, even on my youngest, skinniest day. Even the simplest yoga posture was a tough proposition. As a kid, I’d always tried to “be strong” even when I wasn’t, so I really pushed the poses. You can imagine what I felt on the following day.
It is to be anticipated that perhaps not everyone will easily accept this particular teaching. There is too much clamorous outcry against the voice of the Church, and this is intensified by modern means of communication. But it comes as no surprise to the Church that she, no less than her divine Founder, is destined to be a "sign of contradiction." She does not, because of this, evade the duty imposed on her of proclaiming humbly but firmly the entire moral law, both natural and evangelical.
Comparison shot between the One S (left) and the iPhone 4S (right):
“It’s no exaggeration to say that whichever of the almost three hundred million Clausens swimming in Jim’s testes makes it through to Mrs. Clausen’s ovum is going to be the greatest football player ever,” Biggins said.
- jim rooney, leeds england, 10/3/2012 19:25
They are all so different, from a soft palette based around grey (looking a little like stained glass with the sun shining through), this quilt will have beautiful grey diamonds as a secondary pattern when the blocks are sewn together.
The current postal ballot system must be reformed to ensure that all citizens of Malaysia are able to exercise their right to vote. Postal ballot should not only be open for all Malaysian citizens living abroad, but also for those within the country who cannot be physically present in their voting constituency on polling day. Police, military and civil servants too must vote normally like other voters if not on duty on polling day.
My stomach turned when I read news reports passing off the murders as a statistical blip.Middle New Zealand knows the syndrome is much more dangerous than that. Parents of my generation know what happened in the 1980s and 1990s when young men and women took their own lives in a spate of copycat suicides.
I only stayed for one set of Dave and Missie’s evening-long performance before being distracted by the sounds of The Victoria Phonographers Union coming from the adjacent Old Town: four digital composers seated behind laptops round a single table, periodically sending commands to play their creations through loudspeakers, bringing to life the installation with the sound of people milling through the streets of old town, while up on the next level, Buddha machine sound installation – also working with laptops – enlivened an otherwise static installation of The Mine, with sounds of miners working.
It was cold this morning. Added a thermal long sleeve top and mittens to my attire. I also ran with my iPod instead of using my run program since it had progressed me too fast. Was not the best plan, but I enjoyed it! I kept losing the beat of the metronome, and by the end was struggling.
Follow me On FACEBOOK!
Add the flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt and combine well.
You've got the pieces in place. We're down to testing each individual word and phrase. You want elegant and lean prose here. I've made some suggestions, but this is where the critical element is time. Let this sit for a day or two (at least--a week would be better.) Then come back to it. You'll be surprised what you see that you want to change.
Mothers are those wonderful people who can get up in the morning before the smell of coffee. ~Author Unknown
Kingdom Business University is a virtual learning experience to equip pastors, entrepreneurs, and community leaders to maximize your purpose, passion, and profits from a biblical perspective. We train you on how to develop and implement practical systems in the areas of entrepreneurship, social media, branding (marketing), leadership development, personal development, and other related content.
This is a chicken dish that my kids love because its sweet and sticky and the gravy goes really well on rice or mashed potatoes. It also takes minutes to prepare.
Now do you feel the gravity of this impact?
If you're looking to take the abacos vacation rentals on holiday this year, have a lot of tools that will suit your needs, for example, you might instead spend at Disney parks. And you'll still be able to review these on the rodanthe vacation rentals and how the rodanthe vacation rentals will also result in less money spent on building a new course and club house with associated infrastructure and access. Add in the rodanthe vacation rentals in the rodanthe vacation rentals and around 6,500m and is the rodanthe vacation rentals next 12 months. Nearly one quarter of travelers who were surveyed had already stayed in one, and nearly one third of owners said that they had more bookings.
Glassware: Chalice, Snifter
LG has two main points to make today. Usually he has none, but that doesn't stop him from posting. So this is a bonus.
Not to be feared or delighted-in, just peacefully in-between.
I Love You So
Time: 00:30 to 01:00
F: It's true that I hate things to be untidy. I try to be well organised in running the property, the guest rooms, organising and hosting the seminars, but I'm very lucky to have the help of our super nanny Paulette. She has been 'looking after' us for the past 15 years and she works miracles!
Really, I shouldn’t do work in bed. But sometimes it’s the most comfortable to put your feet up…besides which I turned my bed so that my chair doesn’t fit under my desk because the end of my bed is there so I’m kind of always doing work in bed aren’t I?
Here's a self-taken photograph of the Dolce Vita Red Lips look:
Finally, just as electron degeneracy pressure can only support the gravitational compression of an object 1.4 times the Sun's mass, so neutron degeneracy pressure can only support the gravitational compression of an object roughly 3 times the Sun's mass...though that exact figure is still debated depending on whose equation of state you believe.
This product has worked very well and I could not be more happier with how well tanned I am.
It is easy to get a bit down in the dumps when there are setbacks or when you are hoping things will be better soon and soon can't quite get here fast enough. This week started out that way. I had hoped I'd be walking without crutches after my doctor's appointment on Monday and the reality was no way. Probably another few weeks, but it really just depended on my knee. I was bummed. I'll be honest, I cried. Not right there in the doctor's office, but as soon as I got in the car.
Instead, I got on with other writing, reading and capturing the last of the weekend. Lesson learned. Normal service will resume this week on the Haunted Eyeball.
Olives (optional)
“It’s just really touching,” she said. “If I had the money, I would be doing it myself too.”
The Best of Me (2011)
I just got my package from St. Balderick’s. What is St. Balderick’s you ask? I am glad you asked actually. St. Balderick’s is a volunteered driven fundraising event that raises money to find cures for children’s cancer. This year I decided that I was going to be a shavee. You might have remembered me mentioning that a couple of posts ago.
01 All Mixed Up
Preheat the oven to 190 degrees C.
* Tortilla chips
The red, a Vin de Pays du Comté Tolosan and a blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Gamay, Negrette, Tannat is the better of the two I think. Soft, fruity and easygoing it would be perfect for a midweek plate of pasta. Rating *** (for the 2009, a good year)
Peppers can be harvested green or ripe whether they are the sweet or hot varieties. Ripe fruit will easily break away from the plant, but it is best to use a garden clipper to snip the fruit's stem rather than chance damaging a plant. Handle the fruit with care as the capsicum that produces the heat can also be irritating to skin and mucus membranes (eyes, nose). Pepper plants will continue to flower and produce new fruit as long temperatures are moderately warm.
In this third and last installment of Rachel Cohn’s Cyd Charisse series, there isn’t a lot of new to discover for fans of either CC (Cyd Charisse) or Rachel Cohn. That doesn’t mean however, that Cupcake is a book you should miss, because this book proves that the Little Hellion is capable of growth … albeit not the type of growth that she may have expected herself.
Website: www.meggjensen.com
sized strips of a darker lilac paper to the right hand side of the card to give
On 20 April 2012, the litigation between a group of rightsholders in films against internet service provider iiNet came to an end. The High Court dismissed the appeal by the film rightsholders, and held that iiNet was not liable for the peer-to-peer filesharing by its subscribers of the films at issue in the case.
This article looks at incorporating Kaiju into 'Form Line of Battle', as this happens to be my favourite set of rules for this period. You can purchase them from A&A Game Engineering. They offer quick games, limited book-keeping and an unusual sailing system based around random movement distances. It was inspired by the waterline not-Godzilla figure, Torgon, made by Khurasan Miniatures.
Dancing Tambourine, David Carrol and Orchestra
On a second hand, the answer is an even more resounding “Hell No!” As the saying goes, there is no finish line, only another race. Even before the words are completely cooled, hell even before I typed those two satisfying little words, somewhere in the back of my mind are the seeds of another story starting to take root…but, that’s not what I’m talking about either.
pin-pin-yus and feerrb = "Phineas and Ferb"
Well it seems that when we are not hearing endless stories of the greatness of Peyton Manning, Drew Bress and Aaron Rodgers, we are also hearing about the failures of Donovan McNabb, Vince Young, Vick and David Garrard. All of these QBs have had relative success, and in the case of McNabb, great success, yet the critics are always looking for their replacements. While guys like John Beck, Rex Grossman and Alex Smith keep getting chances after chances to “prove” themselves, the critics want to make great college ball players like Terrelle Pryor and Cam Newton into wide receivers because they can run fast and are built like gazelles. If any great college turned pro quarterback of the last 5 years needs to consider changing positions, its Tim Tebow, but that is not even a topic of discussion.
Suqqu, a Japanese skincare company (and apparently the originator of the Gankin technique), recommends using its own massage cream (naturally), but I just use a few drops of argan oil instead. I grab my instructions (PDF here) and oil after cleansing my face, and settle in for a few soothing minutes. When I'm done, I continue the drainage by reclining against that bank of bed pillows I mentioned above and closing my eyes. Isn't it wonderful when something so indulgent is actually good for you?
Here's the deal, I think I go from one big thing to the next... I get myself so wrapped up in what I "have" to do.. whether it is for:
“Florida Sustainables has licensed a polymer invented by University of Florida graduate student Ryan Martin and associate chemistry professor Stephen Miller…They have devised a way to synthesize polymers called polyesteracetals, providing the strength of petroleum-based plastics lacking in other ‘green’ plastics made from PLAs — or polylactic acid.”
It settled into a geocentric orbit around his head. “There are. They are all around you. In the streets, in their cars, in their beds. Dead, all dead.”
Alright, honestly? I've yet to read Twilight, and only cared to watch the first two movies. But then again, I haven't seen The Hunger Games movie yet either.
2010.09.13 Iraq Baghdad 4 6 Four Iraqis are murdered in separate Mujahideen attacks, including a father in front of his family.
The truth is, most of us who say I’ll come back tomorrow don’t. It could be a week, or a month. And when you get close to that 100th birth… Read More >>
WABXU Blog (wabxublog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Is the sky the sky to itself.
Welcome to awareness; I hope you’ve taken the last couple of years to become prepared.
Gauteng health MEC Qedani Mahlangu apologised this week to mothers who, for more than a week, could not feed their babies because the department had failed to pay formula supplier Nestlé for six months. Nestlé stopped delivering baby formula to clinics and state hospitals last month.
Jacob was jailed for 18 months after beating up a stranger during a night out in 1999. He admitted grievous bodily harm when he appeared at Mold Crown Court following the incident in Handforth, near Wilmslow. He served 8 months.
(21) John Henni, Bishop of Milwaukee
Today is Blogging Against Disablism Day, and as I reflect upon the ways in which society defines me by the disable label, I also find myself thinking about the eye-opening moments I have been privileged enough to share with those who have been willing to look beyond that label.
So, I looked around my kitchen cabinet and I found a instant Miso-soup.
Apart from all the other attractive elements of this beer's appearance - there is a shade of soft deep red at play here that you'll never witness anywhere else in the world. Neither nature nor science has ever produced this remarkable hue before.
Your number this month -2
My critters and I have always had a good life for ourselves. Some, however are not so lucky. Picture a household where domestic abuse is the order of the day. Imagine being afraid to step away even for a moment from a life of domestic abuse because you're worried about what might happen to your cat or dog. There are situations where the prospect of neglect, abuse or worse can be the deciding factor in the life of a woman trying to do something about her own domestic abuse issues.
Meanwhile weeks before, I saw a lackluster comedian with her for $80 because she was no longer seeing the guy she wanted to take originally. I didn’t want my friend to take such a hit. So I sucked it up.
Necklace, Moon Raven Designs at Etsy
Okay, yea, I get that, but guess what…me neither! Nor do I associate a strap on or fingers with a penis. It simply feels good…and both are being handled by a lovely lady. Do they both have a phallic-ish shape? Yes, because of WHERE they’re supposed to be inserted. Though I have seen dildos shaped like dolphins and never in my life seen a glittery purple penis.
Crunchy fried snacks are awesome. There is no dispute about this in my world. However, for the most part, I have been happy to sit back and relax as a paying customer while someone else prepares my crunchy fried snacks for me.
But this does not mean, if Hassan Ali critisizing one size for so many times, he should be perceived as supporting the other side. When the left-winged media claimed Hassan as been “lembu dicucuk hidung” (manipulated) by the ruling coalition for keep attacking the so-to-be-PM Anwar Ibrahim, he is at the same time showing his support towards ulama leadership in PAS, but never show his supports towards Najib nor Barisan.
Check out our prize tables:
If you ask a question about how other agencies work, about how to handle issues with something OTHER than a query letter to the QueryShark, the comment won't be posted. There are lots of places on the web to get that information. QueryShark Questions are ONLY about QueryShark.
God - forgive me... I know too many times I approach you only at the prompting of a need. I want to be more than a follower, God... I want to love you in a deeper, fuller way. I want my life to be marked by that love in all that I do - both publicly and privately, may my life exude your love, the depth of my relationship with you. Amen.
When I opened my freezer for the first time after the trip, I knew that I need to make an effort to clean it up. I have frozen berries from red/white currants, black currant, raspberries, strawberries, blackberries, blueberries, yellow raspberries, you name it, it is crazy. I had some white chocolate mousse that I have put in a mold and ready to be used up in a cake, everything is in there. Now that Summer is getting really close, I definitely need to clean that up before stocking up again for the next winter time.
Translation to Wall Street-speak: "You're an idiot and your analysis is f***ing garbage."
Myself, I'm pleased the wildlife are making a comeback in areas they deserve to live in. Although if the cougar population increases substantially then they will be reduced by hunters who are given permits by the Ministry. It's a shame they were almost hunted to extinction in the first place. But times are changing.
"Keep that head of yours to Greenie, you know what I'm saying pet?"
Unfortunately, I had lots of trouble with my piping bag – the mixture seeped through the bag and made a complete mess! Luckily I have no children so I could clear up easily without having the mixture all over the kitchen beforehand! Next thing I’m going to do is get a proper piping bag!
An email, from an old flame.
b) “the substitute only has limited value” That’s not the Calvinist position. The Calvinist position is that the value of the substitute is limitless – sufficient for all.
Do you like biker boots?
Well, it is Thanksgiving Day for us in the U.S.
In my mind this is my fate:
As soon as we are born we begin dieing, it is the only inevitability and the when is the greatest of uncertainty. Life Insurance is something nobody likes to talk about, no one wants to think about their loved one leaving. Some people even think that the discussion is inviting bad luck. I can tell you this, not dealing with the conversation has the potential to induce more harm and heartache than you can imagine.
I may take him to another tournament in June, whether I'll be able to cope is another matter entirely. And to cut a very long story short my son came about 8th/9th out of over 50 boys.
The legal interpretation of the regulations not withstanding, this is a feasible solution. The biggest risk to running it, is if the FIA change the test process without notice. This could catch the team out, although normal FIA process is to warn the team and ask for the design to be altered and pass the test at the next event. Thus unlikely to cause an exclusion or ban.
Take the Colomba out of the fridge and gently glaze it. Scatter the almond on top and bake for 35-40 minutes or until cooked through.
A Spanish professor whose course I had taken two years ago stopped me in D Vickers Hall last week. We still pass each other in the halls regularly, but the rush to get to class prevents us from talking about what’s new in our lives.
Those of you who are MP veterans don’t need an explanation of the hows and whys. Those of you who are unfamiliar with approval voting and what we’re trying to do with the Mumme Poll should start here. (It’s okay; we’ll wait for you.)
Manuel: I hope they feel the direct relationship between “my graphic language” and regular life situations. I try to be very clear with my messages, if I have to write some words to develop a clear idea, I will. I don’t like free interpretations of my work, this misunderstanding could result in a failure in the communication or message.
2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley
gilli moon’s Songsalive! L.A Showcase@ Genghis Cohen
When Dr. King argued in our opening reading that there are moral laws that are just as abiding as the physical laws, what laws is he referring to? In order to be clear in our consideration of an answer to this question, we must start by being clear about the nature of morality. Morality is the distinction between right and wrong, between good and evil. So, what Dr. King is arguing is that just as there is a law of gravity that describes the inevitable relationship of attraction between two masses, there are laws of morality that describe the inevitable relationships between right and wrong, between good and evil.
Handmade flowers
While they were both taken from the same area in the room, we see two very different pictures, don't we?
As noted earlier, this kind of breathless prose would be hard to take if it were all that Mann had to offer. But these rhetorical excesses bob along, supported by pages of detail from a wide range of historical and archaeological sources.
Peter Tremayne – Marbh Bheo
we decided to start in first to work out the
1988-2009 Hanby Ales as Brewer and MD
Thankfully, now that everyone's settled down a bit, this happens less and less. But weird stuff - especially Powerpoint slides set to music - still appears from time to time.
Bethenny has a brilliant (if not entirely sober) moment outside of the party--a message for Kelly: "Who do you think you ARE? What are you DOING? Are you CRAZY? I'm never wrong about people. Never. Wrong. About. People. And Roller Girl doesn't care." Then she rolls off down the street, even doing a little backwards skating. I like Bethenny again.
This book picks up right where the last book left off. Laurel and crew have discovered that Yuki is a Winter faerie and is working with Klea to destroy Avalon. Now it is up the Laurel and crew to face off against magic immune trolls and try to save Avalon from certain destruction.
*For some reason, I wrote in the title of this post that the concert wasn’t Friday. I don’t know why I did that, or how I didn’t notice it all day. Thankfully a reader pointed it out and it’s been corrected. Sorry for the confusion.
I am not going to even count the number of injuries that was in a 24 hour time frame. Disgusts me!
My secret light in the dusk
"Shut up, hun."
I don't want to be a smartass or anything. I'm genuinely curious about something. You insist that those who want to submit to the query shark read the archives first. That's what I've been doing, and I'm a little confused about the contradictory opinions I've found there. For instance:
If you could have dinner with three guests – (living or dead), who would you choose and why?
VAT reduced to 2.5%.
Also, see that pattern on the left? Simplicity 3965? Not only is it Simplicity (so I might actually know my alterations already), it’s the very same pattern the Sewaholic has made up into so many awesome versions!
He just smiled and gave me a Vegemite sandwich
My heart says Ben Saunders while my mind says Bryan Baker. While I’m a big Saunders fan, he’s just doesn’t seem to be turning the corner in his last several performances. Throw in a suspect chin and I think that Baker’s power will be the determining factor in this one. I’ll be happy if Ben wins, but I’ve got to go with Baker on this one. Baker by TKO in the 2nd.
It is always impossible to give a perfect treatment to your woodwork. However, all the precautionary measures which have been taken for the treatment of wood are just to keep them long lasting.
We are also in the same room we spent 5 weeks in last Spring. I actually prayed a couple hours before the surgery was over that we would get the same room. I know it's minor compared to everything else but for several reasons I wanted the same room. I was amazed when the surgical nurse told us we would be in the same room (I don't know why... it's not like I think God can't do that). But it was definitely a reminder that God cares about the little things that matter to us, even in the midst of the big things that matter to us. I am learning that I can ask God for anything, not just the big things. For some reason it's a recent revelation to me. And with that I am starting to involve God in more of my life.
So without further ado…Rudyard Kipling’s “If” (with my favorite lines underlined)…..
Cloudy gray times
Those who recognize the True Lord – I kiss their feet.
The House-passed bill would forbid industrial hemp, a botanical cousin to marijuana, from being listed as a controlled substance. It would only go into effect after the Drug Enforcement Agency certifies that at least two other New England states have adopted such legislation.
Are the critics of Sayyid Qutb, one of the most influential modern Islamists, hoping to provoke violence? Or are they defending liberalism in the hope of avoiding bloodshed? In his book Milestones, Qutb argued that ‘totality’ distinguished Islam from other religions. There was no God but Allah, whose laws defined everything of importance. He hated the separation of church and state. An Islamic system meant the ‘abolition of man-made laws’. Democracy was an abomination that put the wants of man above the laws of God. And such Islamists are implacably hostile to the Christian idea that all belief should be the genuine result of a questioning and open mind. Islamists call for simple obedience.
The three other projects on the road to HFA approval, all in Manhattan, set aside 20% or more of the floor area to affordable units. HFA's Lentz pointed out that a city inclusionary housing program "requires a low-income room size which may be larger then the market rate counterpart," which may explain the slight discrepancy between the Manhattan projects and 80 DeKalb.
1 ind
Most British brewers add 'late' hops to the copper either minutes from the end or at flame off to add aroma, this is a tried & tested technique which works & lifts the aroma of the resulting beer whilst adding little bitterness as the hop oils are not isomerised. However the aroma that can be achieved by steeping dry hops into fermented beer for at least a week is truly unrivaled.
His numerous papers — musical and literary manuscripts and correspondence in English, French, and Russian — are now stored in the Musical Division of the Library of Congress.
I'll pick a star from the sky
Let’s look at what can be considered to be the best rakeback.
Are someone worth dying for
After my rides, I would jet on over to Pantz's stable. My sister injured her kneeVERY badly during a work physical training, in late December. So BUSY -BUSY- with 2 horses and 2 stables!
7. Complete Project 365
Chanyeol can only trying to think positive now. Sooner they find something to eat, sooner his suffering will end.
Steven Pauwels, Brew Master
Twitter: @ottawasunkroche
I had to enter this challenge..
Each Nominee Should:
“Love keeps no score!” I swore to my sheets that night, warm trails of sadness leaving burning streaks on swollen flesh.
TO EVERYONE WHO PLACED AN ORDER AT THE CORNER SHOP: I'm doing a workshop on bread making today at my neighbourhood centre. I'll be in touch with everyone tomorrow.
It then goes into a recorded message saying that my improv rapper that I had been calling back was wanting me to lave a message after beep. Fo sho, aiight
Winix Plasmawave 9000 Air Purifier – Superb 5-Stage Filter System
His mood changed abruptly from despair to sullen resentment. “Why must you cluck like a hen laying an egg?” he inquired testily. “I will give you 50 pesos to be silent.”
I've been worrying about my family back in Arkansas
The City and The City - China Mieville
dissipate the darkness which covers me,
"I see radical Islam popping up, I see governments caving in to it. I see a lot of lawlessness going on because of political correctness.
Although the Israeli Supreme Court’s ruling disappointed me, I felt great admiration for their self-restraint and their ability to put their sworn duty above their deep personal feelings. It was an act of tremendous moral courage. It was an example of precisely the moral courage that the Nazis lacked, and that allowed them to perpetrate such a terrible holocaust against millions of Jews, Slavs, Rom, communists, moral objectors, homosexuals, and Catholics.
My kids have been reminding me for weeks about their favourite Taiwanese Mandopop and actress, Genie Zhuo meeting the fans session in Selayang mall. They have been singing most of her songs during our family numerous karaoke outings during the weekends. So, today I have to drive them there to see Genie Chuo.
Carbon, I have seen some Aquaponics system that mostly use gravity feed or small low power water pumps, natural lighting, it all keeps the cost of power down.
The pleasure is when you take off your riding jacket for a break and feel the breeze dry your sweat.
Jason is a calm and easy going little guy. He's somewhat delayed in his development but that is easily explained by the severity of his medical problems. He loves to rock in his seat, and has figured out how to do it by himself without any help - he's a smart one! He loves to blow raspberries and amuses his nannies with his intensity and concentration when doing so. He is able to sit up on his own and is learning to eat solid foods. Aside from his heart defect he is otherwise healthy.
Well you get this jest of this conversation. There were a few more emails shared until I decided to stop the madness because clearly this man thinks he has some God given right to lead a single life although he is married. Marriage is a big responsibility just like being a parent is. If you are not going to take your roll seriously don’t freakin do it! Marriage obviously does not hold the same meaning as it did for my grandparents and today we are celebrating open marriages, adultery, same sex marriages, marriages to children, polygamy and the like. What next, marriage to our pets, farm animals, our children? The meaning of marriage has all been destroyed and as the politically correct society that we are we are allowing it! We have all but destroyed the moral foundation of a civilized society for depravity and we are going to pay dearly for it. American’s have lost their minds and are we really sitting around wondering what the heck is going on and blaming Washington for it? Really? We all need to take one big look in the mirror and ask ourselves what is our contribution to the downfall of America as we knew it starting with marriage, followed by family.
#Occupy represents a new development in the globalisation of struggle. It facilitates links between the nations that face the tyranny of the austerity regime and the urban poor who made the Arab revolutions. It amplifies the global silent. Made possible, of course, by technological revolutions – the emergence of non-hierarchical online, globalised networks has, as such, facilitated the emergence of non-hierarchical protest globally.
If it weren’t for the local food movement, or cycling while surrounded by Mother Nature, I would have blasted by cleverly crafted gardens and the disheveled wilderness.
Are you feeling overwhelmed or discouraged by circumstances in your life? Are you forgetting what God has already done for you? In these tough economic times it is hard sometimes to keep looking up. We need to shut the news off and let God speak to us His Good News… as Christians we are not allowed to give up. God has so much He wants to do through those times of weakness. Let your strength and hope be in the Lord.
That is all for today.
Life were the finest works of cinema made in 2011, the former winning the top honour at the Venice Film Festival and the latter the top honour at Cannes Film Festival. Both films deal with theology. Both films showcase the respective director’s ability to create breathtaking visuals and soundtracks. Both films have and will continue to have their equal share of fans and detractors. While The Tree of Life was a cinematic work of stunning beauty dealing with elements physical and metaphysical that are good and thus encouraging the viewers to open their mind’s eye to beautiful aspects of life, Faust presents, in contrast, an unusual tale relating to both the good and the evil in life. Initially Sokurov’s Faust wallows in sequences of dark thoughts, the ugly and the grotesque to grapple with equally fascinating ruminations on philosophy, sociology and politics, while in the later parts the film takes you into a strange landscape, beautiful and unreal, devoid of habitation.
about a minute ago · Comment · Like
That is one of the issues with being homeless. Especially in the beginning you are so overwhelmed with the fact that you no longer have a place to live that you are not really thinking clearly. It happens so much faster than you think. Even if you know it could happen you still keeping hoping that some miracle is going to happen and you won't end up that way. I know with me, I was able to stave it off for much longer than what I really should have. But in the end it happened anyway. The first two months or so I was so depressed I could barely function. But you adjust. One of the people at the emergency number I spoke to told me that I have acclimated to my situation. Which I have in many ways. You don't really have a choice. You adjust to your surroundings and deal with your reality.
Moonstruck (John Patrick Shanley)
If you see Girl Scouts selling, please support them and buy a few (or a case) cookies. Once you have consumed massive quantities to satisfy your fix, hide the rest in the freezer to enjoy during the rest of the year.
I encourage you to submit any premium offers to ABC for a free and confidential review or contact your Publisher Relations manager with any questions.
So, presumably, anyone with a child could be a kids TV presenter. And why wouldn't you want to? It looks like great fun.
"In fact, that cannot be evidence for God if he is a naturalist, or an atheist. Because according to him its not possible to have evidence for God. If he is in fact an atheist in terms of his views on reality, then all of these things must be reinterpreted so they are regimented, or will conform to, will comport with that man's naturalism, or atheism." ~Greg Bahnsen (bit.ly/stillevidence)
When I visited the Wayne Thiebaud exhibit, I may have absorbed a little bit of the colors for my palette. Perhaps it's the urge to use cobalt for every shadow and dark space in existence, or the fact that I can't stop reaching for the pthalo green and manganese blue, but something is very different about how this has gone so far.
During a recent renovation, I found myself in possession of more than a few old doorknobs. If you know me at all, you know I hate to throw anything out. Not that I’m a hoarder but I just can’t justify discarding something that still has some use left in it! So, with that in mind, I took a long hard look at those doorknobs and came up with a pretty nifty idea for a coat rack. Find a piece of wooden plank or board that can’t be finished with a nice wood stain or paint. Then, simply screw the door knobs onto the board in even intervals and voila! Brand new coat rack! If you’re the artsy-crafty type, you can take advantage of the “empty canvas” the board provides you and get really creative.
Now, we all have our ups and downs, we all have our disagreements and Mrs Rigby actually thinks Mr Blair did a lot of harm to Britain and to Britain's interests, but she's never actually wished anybody ill, or dead. Never.
Hey you 5'08
Sometimes I show the children a picture of an unusual house and ask them who lives there, then we make up a story about that character. The children come up with lots of weird and wonderful answers but I’ve noticed that the favourites are aliens, zombies and princesses that have been kidnapped by a wicked witch. The scarier the story the more the children love it. They have a great sense of fair play though and the baddies are always killed in the end and the princess always either outwits the witch and escapes or occasionally a prince drops by and kills the witch for her.
"It was the fact that an arresting officer refused to identify herself, then struck me twice when I tried to photograph her lapel badge.
Two giants in the industry contacted by msnbc.com scoff at the Republican presidential candidate’s claims that porn is causing “a pandemic of harm” in America and contributing to violence against women.
Since you liked Quartet & Triptych, which is about my master thief and art forger, Luff Imbry, I would suggest The Other, from Underland Press in the US. It’s the first Imbry novel. It came out last month and it’s available in Kindle. You might also want to check with Angry Robot’s e-store in a little while. I’m just in the process of sending them the seven or eight Imbry stories that have appeared in various venues over the past few years.
that there just isn’t enough words…
You're amazing, Mom. You can do this.
"Oh, synonyms."
I thank my teacher for always planning ahead and being an example of what he taught. It is not easy to follow instructions when the man/woman teaching is not living what they’re teaching. I have learned to live by action, to teach by action and listen! Without action, without want and without patience, students and teachers will lose and be unsuccessful. I do not believe that my relationship with my teacher has been 100% error free, but it has displayed how much we know each other, and how good we are. At the end of the day, if you don’t know yourself, you can’t try to understand others and therefore we will lose the job or helping others or ourselves.
Tony Pulis was watching the Hibs v Celtic game yesterday and a possible target could be striker Stephen Fletcher.
What could be worse for 15 year old Raven Finch than being accused of being a witch by Ethan Noble, the annoying boy next door? Finding out he’s half warlock, half mortal, and he’s the only one who can help her when people start to disappear, and she fears she may be the next victim. Can this unlikely pair join forces against Agatha, the High Witch, who took Raven when she was born and has enslaved her at Castle Rock? Why are there similarities between Ethan and Raven, and why is it that all the peculiar things that are happening has her believing his accusations? Could it be that all the mixing of potions and reading of spell books to help Ethan is turning her into a witch? Or is her mind just
Library (which reminds me of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind; I say lie-brair-eee)
MRS. OBAMA: Thank you, everyone. Good afternoon. So is it hot enough? (Laughter.) We planned this especially. Lots of sun, no breeze, got you in your whites and hats. We’re going to bring you out scarves and mittens and boots soon to make it really comfortable. (Laughter.)
Schlenkerla Fasten Beer
Clearly technology is bent on destroying us.
Should I speak?
6. pleading
They roll one of each color and make funny sentences, or really great story starters.
I had spent years only moving my body with the goal of changing the size or shape of it – only choosing the things that burned the most calories even if I hated doing them. I snapped, I had had enough. I went to dance class. I didn’t try to estimate the calories that I was burning, I moved because I love to move. I danced because I love to dance.
My Little Family--I look at their faces around the dinner table and can't believe how blessed I am.
The named artist, Ai Weiwei, has confessed that he made “perhaps three or four” of the sunflower seeds and, in fact, he had the seeds made in the Chinese city of Jingdezhen, also known as the “porcelain city” of China. Is it really enough to have merely had the idea to be considered as the creator or author of a work? Or perhaps Ai Weiwei commissioned the work and had the rights assigned to him.
I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this.
Check New York Times "10 Most E-Mailed" articles. Read three.
Mirror of Consciousness ambitiously traverses a wide range of themes pertaining to art creativity Knowledge and theory. Its unique perspective lies in its exposition of Vedic Science as brought to light by His Holiness Maharishi Mahesh Yogi and in the application of the principle of this science to a preliminary analysis of the Vastusutra Upanishad. No other publication comprehensive vision.
So what's in store for May? I'll be back at the I Heart Market this month after a brief reprieve. Come and visit me on Saturday, the 5th May. Then I have another Gift Wrap Course running on Saturday, 12th May and I have a Teambuilding Gift Wrap Course with Investec on the 18th May. So much to look forward to!
Church chiefs have given permission for an Italian gangster’s tomb to be opened in an investigation worthy of a Dan Brown thriller.
Now, please note than when I speak of the vitality of these customs, I am not speaking of any supernatural ordering or any merit before God, and this is a rather important point in this discussion. I say not that bare Mennonite gathering halls are pleasing to God, only that they are pleasing to Mennonites. We could have a great discussion about whether God likes Pentecostal rock music; it is undeniable that Pentecostals like Pentecostal rock music. Every individual is edified on a natural level by those elements native to their own tradition. People like that which comes naturally.
we have no main lights in there yet, still waiting for the electrician
If using apples, peel, core and chop them in small pieces. Put in a saucepan with a splash of water and cook gently until beginning to soften. Allow to cool.
The scene is set as John Wilkes Booth, played by Chris Conner, walks out of a theater in Richmond to a group of fans congregating in the street. The building next to the “theater” was a Confederate Army recruitment center. As John Wilkes Booth leaves the theater, he proceeds to address the crowds gathering in the streets before entering a building.
Can I send you part or all of my ms. for review?
Maybe one thing or a combination of several aspects make you more creative one day compared to the next. For me, creative times come naturally. It’s what I am interested in and have a passion about so it is second nature to want to be involved in the creative process in some form during my day. It is also a conscious personal and business mantra: Be Creative Every Day.
Laws against such things as sexual battery already exist, and the crime isn't lightly punished. Yet the feminists have created an entirely new category of law that holds hostage any business and any male employee. Furthermore, any manager that abuses his position, for example in demanding a sexual quid pro quo, should be answerable to his own company management or shareholders, for his crime in reality resembles a kickback.
Yup .... I'm seriously excited about a pot! LOL. I can't wait to make good, yummy meals in here and then I'll share the recipes with you all. ;-)
NEWARK, May 1, 2012—NJIT Distinguished Professor of Chemical Engineering Kamalesh K. Sirkar was awarded a patent today for his water desalination technology. “Desalination Devices and Systems Using Porous Hydrophobic Hollow Fibers and Hydrophobic Porous Coatings” (US Patent Number 8,167,143) discloses membrane devices and methods for direct contact membrane distillation and vacuum membrane. Sirkar is Foundation Professor in Membrane Separations at NJIT’s Newark College of Engineering http://chemicaleng.njit.edu/. To see Sirkar at work, please visit http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdTaSrtoqBQ.
Here's what I ended up doing for refried beans, sans the refried part.
over a five year period? How
Those legitimate means of expression are going well. The illusion that those who are looking for the triumph of Islamic fundamentalism now see “legitimate means of expression,” now that Moammar Gadhafi in Libya and Hosni Mubarak in Egypt are gone, simply do not grasp the difficulty of cultivating anything even approaching Western style values of liberty in traditional Islamic lands. The Taliban is regaining control in Afghanistan, Iran is still industriously building a nuclear weapon for its ruling ayatollah which it promises to use to destroy Israel and the U.S. And Bashar Assad, much celebrated by Liberals for his modernity and western outlook, ‘unexpectedly’ turned into a butcher.
and who.
Just a couple words about both, first Mark, if I had a dollar for every video I watched done (by Mark) I would have a whole bunch of dollars. He is extremely knowledgeable and a great teacher, so you just can't do any better or ask for more than that.
Cardstock/Papers: Black & white heart embossed cardstock
There will be some more masks so check back later in the week.
The net sales decline “primarily reflects challenges in consumer electronics, which are expected to continue in the near-term,” ShopNBC said in a press release.
I think I need to break into my bookshelf and call upon my backup support. The Flylady. If you’ve never heard of The Flylady, and you are struggling with organization and keeping your house clean, I strongly urge you to check out this free website and program. While I don’t agree with all aspects of the program (ex. wearing my shoes in the house), most of the other topics helped me tremendously when I did the program years ago.
But I didn't see any of this as concerning my son, who was always able to kick a ball straight, almost from when he could walk. We spent hours in our garden in Norfolk kicking a ball to each other. When we moved to Cambridge we continued on Lammas Land near our home in Newnham. Those times are very special to me - they were very important too, I think. We had a laugh and my son honed his skills enough to take part in the school team and be part of a team in a local league. Which is more than I ever did.
Are you offering any special incentives to your customers to remain loyal??
Why yes, yes she is.
“In his lab at Penn, Vijay Kumar and his team build flying quadrotors, small, agile robots that swarm, sense each other, and form ad hoc teams — for construction, surveying disasters and far more.”
This is a simple tutorial that applies to any type of stuffie. I'm showing how I make my stuffies; if you want to do it differently, go for it!
Like deep-blue desert winds with mirth
(Incidentally – and apropos of nothing; A Rough Shoot has no real bearing on this, beyond the fact that it's one of my favourite novels of the year so far – today is my birthday. Therefore, considering you didn't get a blog post on my birthday last year – merely a preview and review – think yourselves lucky you're getting one this year – and on a Sunday, too!)
THE CENTER FOR TALENT DEVELOPMENT at Northwestern University holds an annual summer conference for gifted students and their families. This year the conference is on June 23 at the university's Evanston campus. One of the sessions is "Twice Exceptional: Understanding the Paradox of High Ability and Learning Challenges," presented by Steve Zecker of Northwestern. From past experience we can attest to the fact that Zecker "gets" 2e. Find out more about the conference.
the MITM sat outside smoking a cigar and reaping compliments about his very cool panama hat!
In fact, I say Chuck Lorre and the other powers that be write off Alan and his pot smoking son (Did they really have to go there with Jake? So openly?) and make a show about Walden and Zoey. They’re funny, they’re cute, and I want to watch them.
Now towing the ruins of Christianity
Corruption and patronage have replaced principle and promised transparency in South Africa.
"I just--"
Media reports put it at between 10,000 and 15,000 protesters. The police counted 5,000 to 6,000, while Bersih claimed to have hit the 50,000 mark.
between Monticello's
Today, the population of Jerome hovers around 350, making it the least-populated city in the state of Arizona. Its most famous resident is probably Maynard James Keenan, the singer for Tool, who also co-owns the Caduceus Winery, which has a retail store in town. There’s also a boutique for Keenan’s other band, Puscifer, up a street or two. (Up truly meaning "above" in vertical Jerome.) Even if it’s no longer the “wickedest town in the West” (hello my former home of Oakland, CA!), Jerome still has some ghosts floating around.
Row 17-27- sc in each sc around (60) Finish off.
Sóller, Mallorca, Spain (Feb. 2012).
I have just come back from Inverkeithing High School and I have a story to share.
Blackburn Standard - Saturday 10 December 1898, page 11.
As the book progresses and introduces us to Kath’s circle of friends and relatives, we begin to appreciate her quest for acceptance and love. Admiration and desire aren’t enough, she needs to be accepted on a deeper, committed level.
Now, I love the look of airbrushing, but adding Panpastels helps create depth. One of the things I adore about the pastels is that some shades are pretty translucent so they show the undercolor, while still adding depth. I added some shading, and then I decided I wanted to add a pattern, so I pulled out a stencil and my perfect-medium. This is a stamp ink designed by Ranger for use with their perfect pearls. It acts as a fixative.
“The Lost Language,” David H. Keller, MD, 1934 – The son of a wealthy family refuses to communicate in anything other than a strange series of written symbols. Only his sister is able to reach him.
Hugs Hilda
The reason I am writing about this on this web site is that I want to focus on the things money can’t buy. The truly great people, places and things of B.C. won’t require money. A lot of them will require money but you will be able to appreciate them or honour them through this web site.
Keeping a log and analyzing the books I read made a big difference for me in making the transition from writer to author. In January 2010, I began picking apart every book I read into its constituent elements. Plot, character development, narrative arc, setting, dialogue. I picked apart what worked and what didn’t. I noted where I stopped reading and why. I explicitly lined out how I thought the writer was using specific elements of craft and what the effects were.
Los Alamos Park, Murrieta
Romantics What I like about you US
To my mind, the fine Victorian house on the right of this pair now looks as blank and characterless as the forehead of a botoxed old actress.
This past week was also my first week taking a prescription weight loss medication since Thursday. I don’t attribute all of my weight loss just to the diet pills, though. I was losing at a great rate earlier in the week. But I do think that the prescription is helping me with willpower. I’m also very happy to report that other than a bit of dry mouth (which just helps me drink more water), I have not had any side effects. In fact, rather than making me feel anxious, I feel calmer. And instead of giving me insomnia, I wake up feeling more rested than I have in a long time. I’m not saying that it’s a miracle drug, by any means, but I am thankful that it’s working, and that I had a good week. Here’s to another one next week.
He said he left the courthouse with assurances that the prosecutor’s office would look into the problem and fix it.
“Oh,” the other jury member replied, “I thought they were both on trial.”
Aha. The offer should be between $8 and 16k/ per book. (But if the project is a super sexy paranormal vampire romance and that’s selling like hot cakes, well, you should push for more. Knowing the market is part of this game as well.)
Sierra Nevada Brewing Co. Sierra Nevada Estate Brewers Harvest Ale
I have also decided to include breakfast and lunch, although simple, just so I don’t have to figure anything out this week.
There are constantly holiday events going on in WOW. There are two this month- Noblegarden and Children’s Week. Most players do a lot of these achievements on their own, but it is fun to take at least one achievement from a holiday and turn it into a guild event!
The controversy surrounding the theory of evolution is no longer a secret to scientists. The theory has come under criticism, and many scientists have said that the theory of evolution is inadequate in explaining what it claims to explain.
When we saw Barry for the first time at Metro Pro Wrestling it was easy to see why WWE has taken notice of the man that fans call MR Saturday Night. Recently Michael Barry came within seconds of defeating Tyler Cook for the NWA Kansas Championship in Kansas City earlier this year.
Hushed
“Simplicity is the ultimate way to sophistication.” Leonardo da Vinci
TERBUTALINE
Quickly, pick which of those storylines is played as “the wacky one”, which one is “the serious one” and which one is the “sometimes wacky, sometimes serious one”. There’s other storylines as well, Lorelai goes on a blind date with a guy she knew from high school who is, surprise surprise, now bald and fat. Her son runs away to his no good father who can’t look after him and sends him back. Lorelai’s daughter and Krause’s daughter are arrested for possessing dope. Peter Krause coaches a baseball game, but ends up yelling at the umpire and, I kid you not, actually throwing his cap into the dust in disgust as the umpire yells “you’re outta here!”
Hope your day is GREAT!!!
To round out these first posts, I wanted to share my Personal Mission Statement. Last year, I was reading some things from Brian Tracy and that led me to writing a Personal Mission Statement. This statement gives me clarity and defines how I want to live my life. It is timeless and a full of wisdom so that if I get off track I can read it and remind yourself of what how I want to live and be remembered. There are parts of it I am still working on, but I am work in progress.
Photos from the International Beer Expo in Secaucus
Symptoms of this 'anti-racism' include reverse discrimination such as the enforcement of discriminatory government policies, the general media portrayal of blacks as victims and whites as oppressors, etc. Due to our apartheid past this reverse discrimination has assumed a particularly acute form in South Africa. Symptoms include the elimination of the white (male) from the economy via rampant so-called 'affirmative action' and 'BEE', constant anti-white propaganda (ranging from the blatant to the subtle) via the state and private media, the suppression of Afrikaans, farm murders (and other violence), land redistribution, etc. All this carries on while an intolerable culture of extreme political correctness has been established. This has been done by a regime which justifies the 'positive' aspects of the above, while denying the existence of the negative, in the name of a new racist ideology called Transformation.
What started as two separate projects from tournament fighter Mike “Mike Z” Zaimont and artist Alex Ahad, meshed into a single game that not only gained the support of newcomers Reverge Labs and hungry rookie Autumn Games, but even gained the attention of veteran Konami.
Canned Maeg’ooma,
? Daily Vocal Care
I am looking forward to some prodromes so I can do some new experiments.
Doug: Piloted by five techs, this "multi-million dollar piece of merchandise" prepares to engage the Hulk. And right away, we have a cutaway -- to Gamma Base, where Doc Samson is trying to help some transient get his memory back. OK, back to fightin'. This Quintronic Man is weird, in that the tech in the head orders the guys running the four limbs to do certain things. Of course it's all pictured as if it would be fluid, but I'm thinking the delay in reaction time is going to cost somebody down the road here. Hulk scoffs at this new robot, but is soon on his backside. Foolishly thinking they've KO'd him on the first kick, the Quintronic Man moves in. Bad choice. He's barely able to parry the Hulk, who despite falling backward is able to rip the asphalt from under the giant.
60% chocolate bittersweet Ghirardelli chips
This morning, he waited for me, eager to get some food and part with me (O.K. this last thought is my pure fantasy.) I have to confess, as I got up this morning I hoped that I would see Joe, my friend, one last time. I was a bit saddened as I did not see him for almost an hour. Then, as I loaded my last bag into the car, Joe appeared running to the door, waiting. Quickly, I grabbed a tiny piece of bread that I left just for him and carefully extended my hand to Joe. Gently, he took the bread, ran to the edge of a step and began to eat.
White Clam Pizza--photos and recipe to follow!
Hello and Happy Summer to everyone!
*Sarah*
I've got a few people I've been feeling out, and I am starting to see some of the" fruits of my labor".
I would probably have avoided many, many sticky situations. Actually, I’ve got to be really honest here – I’ve already avoided many sticky situations because of the friends I do have.
Of the eight couples who have danced the rumba thus far in season 14, Knight and MacManus have the lowest score with 21.
I always stop for a moment and take it all in - especially on a day like today, You have the lake, the city, families spending the day together, dogs being walked, and lots of running, biking, skating. It's the best.
You’d be inclined to think the difference was because of the reason she gave. But a further experiment indicated otherwise…
- Classroom management and appealing to different learning styles
Attendees ran from Beer Geeks to sloven morons looking for a quick buzz. More sloven drunks than beer geeks... actually.
Li-ion batteries
No acknowledgment, so I would have stewed on it for a few minutes (again, it was really close) but I would have been over it by the time I sat through a traffic signal.
When you want some furniture for a new house your squeeze has made you buy, you have many choices. An antique shop full of old crap? IKEA full of new crap? A craft bit of joinery from someone that did better at woodwork than I did at school? The artistry is within the design and quality standard of its production. For any given piece of furniture the squeeze will decide what she wants based on its design, her taste, and I will simply go along hoping I can persuade her against anything that will involve me getting my screwdriver out and having to assemble anything “flat pack” from instructions poorly translated from an oriental language.
Recently I have been really challenged about taking responsibility, which has stemmed from reading a book called Boundaries, by Drs. Henry Cloud and John Townsend. The following quote runs off the back of their reading of Galatians 6:2, 5.
Thank goodness for the bisexuals next to me, the food wasn’t enough to keep me interested for those 3 hours.
Ancora una volta grazie per avemi dedicato del tempo e per i vostri commenti che sempre mi fanno sorridere, spero di avere sempre il vostro supporto.
- I saw my therapist today, where I mainly talked about Buddy and the whole party fiasco/apology debacle. She said I could tell him in a joking way that I'd like to be on the list once he starts dating from his friend-group. My first thought was "hell no." But then, you know, I started wondering. I looked through some Facebook photos I took of him. His eyes always seem to sparkle in those photos. It feels like we have a connection. I know I'm deluding myself if I think there's anything there, but well, there you go.
First, you should know two things:
“We want to be part of the community,” says Jon Olinto, co-founder of b.good, a new eatery in Burlington. “We want to give back and be a local-oriented small business. And we think serving locally-grown, natural burgers to kids is a good thing to do.”
It is probably not the most ideal angle this was filmed at, right when his face looks the most clear, his right hand moves across the head. It would look better, had the camera been a little higher, but for technical reasons I had to go with this angle.
While on tour in England in 2008, our British tour guide mentioned “We don’t do much medieval here”. My husband and I were standing in Salisbury Cathedral later in the day and I was thinking to myself, why not? That lovely spire that was the highest in Europe for many years was built in 1358 and it’s still standing! This got my imagination going and when I returned to the States, I began studying medieval British history with a vengeance.
4- This is a middle blue (pale colors are going to end in 0, 1, or 2; Middle colors are 4-6; and dark colors are 7-9)
Not to leave out today, volunteered again (my halo is getting so shiny), mowed the lawn and now I'm enjoying the night. Before I ramble anymore, I raise my glass in hopes you all have a great weekend!
Handclaps - Andrew Timar , Gordon Philips , Tina Pearson
A view of the two closet doorways opening from the hall into the kitchen. Removing these two closets and a smaller pantry area, opens up the kitchen which was one of my major goals. These two doors will become one opening and as a bonus will lighten up my dark hall.
Tara dancing with the Shannon Rovers.
Are you ready for another fun filled week?
And we didn't get it.
A: I think it’s probably a good thing although I don’t really know a lot about it, I know Ben finds it useful from our collective point of view, I’m a little behind the times, I still buy things with cash. I did get a smart phone upgrade the other day, thing is definitely smarter than me, it takes me about 3 minutes to unlock it but the phone can re-lock itself in the blink of an eye, this is what I call progress.
Even the self-made multi-billionaire mining magnate Patrice Motsepe stated on SA Television just a few weeks ago, that had it not been for the high standard of education he was afforded during the time of the National Party he would not have been where he is today. He went on to say that the discipline he learned in those schools carried him through to where he is today. He praised the old South Africa for what it gave blacks during those years.
But the thing is though, the most important point here, that you are unable to UNDERSTAND or know the truth UNTIL you repent. Repentance comes BEFORE knowledge of truth, not after: 2 Timothy 2:24-26
Striped Sea Bass & Oyster Papillote ($29) celery root, shitake mushroom, tomato, black truffle vin blanc. If there were Oscars for food, this dish would probably win for Best Drama - it arrived in a square, puffed up paper bag with rolled edges, and we all found ourselves waiting for the big reveal to see what's inside. Our server tore into the bag to expose a delicately cooked filet of loup de mer, steamed inside the bag with a slice of lemon, celery, shitake mushroom, and tomato - and of course the pleasant 'surprise', creamy oysters. The whole thing was then dressed with a black truffle white wine sauce that infused it with fragrant and unmistakeable truffle flavor.
I think my all-time favorite part of this party was that my normally EXTREMELY shy son was so at ease with the staff and Chuck E. that he got up with Chuck E. Cheese (normally he will hide behind me, so this was an unknown territory for us) and even danced with him and did the Ticket Blaster all by himself! People were AMAZED! It just goes to show how much fun he had!
The one flaw in my Grand Scheme was that I had no real skills in the this arena. I can cook, but not well. I can clean, but not well. Once that domestic delusion of mine was discarded and disposed, we set about to find a maid.
Here's a trio of rookie cards of your 1990 MLB draft #1 overall pick (Todd van WHOpple?). It's definitely fun to see him looking so young when you consider it's now the day after (or later, depending on when you read this) his 40th birthday. The UD is my favorite because of the cool action shot, although the Topps has the better of the two posed photos. These may be from the junk wax era and there may be enough in the world for everyone to have 10, but they're still a treasured part of my collection.
There are not ‘two things’ in experience. In the final analysis, which is, in fact, just the analysis based on our true experience, it is not even correct to say that all experience of the mind, body and world are permeated or saturated with awareness or presence.
(An extension of this is that in places where you can, send a message with your friending request, explaining the connection, and showing your professional intent. It's certainly something I appreciate.)
but take a left at the next right
So with that let me go back to the original topic of Bountiful Breasts and Slutty Samsungs. I promise there is a story to go with each but the darkness from the insomnia seems to have stolen the first part ….. they have a habit of doing that ….
Another question that raises serious doubts about the political Left’s belief in democratic principles is the violent Norwegian Marxist anarchist organization Blitz. This organization has since its inception in the early 1980’s extensively used violence and intimidation to curtail the freedom of its political opponents. And the truly shocking thing is that Blitz has since 1982 been allowed to stay in an old tenement building owned by the city of Oslo, despite the organization’s violent and undemocratic nature. Members of the Blitz movement were heavily involved in the physical assaults on members of anti-immigration organizations and for disrupting political meetings of the Progress Party in the late 1980s and early 1990s. The fact that the Norwegian authorities have chosen not to intervene and evict Blitz from their base in Oslo is clear evidence that the political left-wing establishment silently condones the Blitz’s behaviour, which may not be that hard to understand when we consider the political Left’s support for militant organizations abroad.
The University of Tennessee "Body Farm" conducted the tests on the car's air samples Aug. 10, and on Wednesday their conclusion was released: a human corpse had been decomposing there.
Having a male narrator in the form of nineteen year old Jackson, is a refreshing change. I enjoyed seeing and hearing about things from a male perspective and he makes a fantastic central character who I really loved by the end of the book. His sole purpose in 'Tempest' is to ensure the safety of his girlfriend Holly and he's willing to do literally anything to protect her. Jackson and Holly are both only nineteen but they have a very mature and grown-up relationship and are secure in their feelings for each other. There are some incredibly romantic and sizzling moments between them and I was rooting for them all the way. I loved Jackson's completely unswerving devotion and loyalty to Holly and the sacrifices he makes for her are admirable. They're definitely my new favourite book couple!
Thanks for letting me vent.
When you brought the dry clothes in, you had a clothes basket of wicker lined with an old cotton blanket. With a pint sized bottle corked with a spray top. you sprinkled all of the clothes to be ironed (which was most) rolled them up and packed them into the basket and then pulling the blanket sides around them so they would be evenly damp by Tuesday which was ironing day.
Verse 8 tells us to do this. It tells us to dwell upon only those things that are good (true, honorable, right, pure, lovely, good repute, excellent and worthy of praise). When we do this, God begins to work in our heart. This work begins to produce gratitude. When you are grateful, then as verse 9 suggests, the God of peace will be with you. That peace will bring contentment along with it, no matter what the circumstances (verse 11).
Bracket Die : Tim Holtz
Self Conscious Over You – The Outcasts
‘Hey Boss, can I have a payslip, please,’ I asked after our first pay came through.
Now, I have no problem with candidates trying to convince me to vote for them. That is their job, after all. What I do have a problem with is a candidate pronouncing that I’m going about making my decision the wrong way. If I choose to vote for a candidate because I not only agree with their thinking–but I also believe they have the best chance of winning when compared with a crowded slate of similar candidates—it is unfair to tell me this is wrong or negative.
- Get others to take on household responsibility, including children.
So while we are busy with all that, I leave you with yet another black-and-whitey snowy picture!
when it all comes together. More importantly, we are both excited
In the late 80s through the mid 90s after I had stopped drawing the Poodle Doodles comic strip, I began drawing and painting on wood. I started out painting seasonal items for Halloween, Thanksgiving and Christmas. Initially these became household decorations. Many of them are still displayed around our house, inside and out for the holidays to this day.
One of the things that I love to do besides photography is the outdoors. Last weekend, I have the time to climb my first mountain ever with the lovely boyfriend. Just FYI, my goal is to climb the Mt Everest. I will work toward that goal from now.
Prayer Requests:
“I remember when she was here and I was not feeling well, she called me aside after the show and consoled me as a parent,” said Montewa.
(I love blackberry and strawberry mix with whipped cream),
*UPDATE: Due to the recent information becoming available about plagiarism by The Story Siren, we will no longer be participating in any of The Story Siren's meme's including IMM and The Debut Author Challenge. While we would still love to visit everyone's blog on the linky list - we will not be a visitor on her site any longer. We shall try our best to visit the weekly posts of others that we normally visit on Sundays and will continue to visit those that leave us a link to their weekly post as well. - Jessica
Since being diagnosed with cancer in December my wife and I have been on the receiving end of a lot of generosity. Our church family has been wonderful as have our blood family, relatives, and friends.
Wallet √
"On my visit yesterday I did not observe any digger damage to the children’s burial ground or any other currently recorded archaeological site." ... Paul's email 25 August 2011.
Ramos: 4
They’ve struck a bargain, these two lonely characters. Rafe will play stud to Gwenyth’s child if Gwenyth will travel to Rafe’s ancestral home and use her Sight to find him a wife. But both will have to throw their carefully laid plans to the wind if they are to take a chance on love…
I must say that I do appreciate everyone taking the time to read my writings. They are, at the time at which I write, an emotional release and a way to document and later analyze and piece together seemingly disparate events into a more cohesive understanding holistically. I also hope that they bring some meaning and insight into others lives, such as your own in a relevant way. Certainly, feedback through relating events in one's own life and through comparative analysis has meant a lot to me as well in helping me to understand better, my own sense of self.
I had to buy some. They looked so good in the case. I also picked up other meats and some bread and mushrooms to use with the beef broth I made yesterday and do a soup if it rains this weekend.
The worst thing I have ever said in French is... nothing. I'm still in that stage where speaking is so difficult for me, and not having enough vocabulary and expressions makes me feel truly handicapped. Saying nothing is also harmful because it means I'm not practicing at least *trying* to say more and really making the whole situation worse. I've been thinking about how saying something is better than saying nothing, even if in error. Like "beau cul" for "beaucoup" from Lindsey. *giggle* That is pretty cute, lol. ;-)
Among the problems: a cracked (albeit functional) tension dial, whose settings ring had come off in shipping.
The Twelve Days of Christmas
While that’s cooking, you’ll want to sweat your veggies in butter on the stove (geez, that was one too many prepositions…) Cook those up little guys until the onions are translucent. Now, throw in those spices! In goes the garlic (let that swim around in there until it starts to smell delicious), cayenne pepper, oregano, and the thyme. It’s going to smell so good. Next, mix in the diced tomatoes, followed by the paste, letting all those flavors cook together for a minute or two.
A sidenote on the state of the roads. Except for a few kilometers outside Steynsburg, and the stretch from Rouxville to Wepener (which was struly awful), the road is in great shape. The bad parts are being repaired or remade. More verification for my stance that the popular pronouncement that “our roads are buggered” is simply not true. Some are, but most are not. We will revisit this topic at the end of our trip.
For the last several weeks, my commute has been enlivened by the Japanese CD, all 99 tracks of it. I don’t play it on endless loop, but I have probably heard the whole thing through 5 or 6 times. I say heard rather than listened to, because the benefit of having the CD in the car is that it becomes background. Once you have heard something often enough, it lodges in your head. How many appalling pop songs can you sing along to?
Becky =)
30 minutes – Nice shot of the Manchester City banner to Sheikh Mansour there. I have my own one in my house. It says : “YOUR DIVORCE LAWYER THANKS YOU, JANET SHED!”.
Neill, you don't need to say it. I know I nailed it.
Meaning: From west of the village
It hurts me.
"It was totally unexpected," Mulugeta said of the discovery.
And that’s the motivation behind DailyFeats, the B-Corp certified, reward-based good-habit tracker that helps people keep their goals in sight through simple daily activities. For example, instead of one umbrella goal of “Lose 10 Pounds,” DailyFeats breaks down that goal into more manageable metrics, such as “Eat fruits and veggies” or “Do Pushups” that users can check in to on a daily basis. Veer Gidwaney, the co-founder and CEO of DailyFeats, says that this method is a simple way for people to get into forming good habits.
There was a dog. But -- as the Jewish Chronicle clarifies - "all that had happened was that the city dog catcher had been called to remove the stray." From from regarding the punishment as appropriate, the court official stressed that "there is no basis for stoning dogs or any other animal in the Jewish religion, not since the days of the Temple or Abraham."
DRUM ROLLS PLEASE. You will be a member of Creative Kuts Klub with any purchase beginning April 1st. Creative Kuts Klub Members will receive a frequent shoppers card redeemable for a file of your choice after a total of 5 $10 purchases made from regular listed price Full details to be posted on our website and facebook. In addition, Creative Kuts Klub Members will receive an opportunity to receive a free Itty Bitty Kut of their choice after submission of 10 projects created by using Creative Kuts files.
I think of this poem every time I walk by this area. The sidewalk, or lack thereof, is a part of my life, but its ordinary nature makes me want to capture it. So I wrote a poem of my own.
recipe courtesy of Marcey Brownstein Catering
by G. D. Watson
It even says so on her blog header:
Hold your head up high babies.
All the materials used for kids are big and bold and so she should not have a problem reading them. When she gets older and the font begins to shrink, there are magnifiers that she can use to glide across the page and other aids she can use to help her out. We'll cross that bridge is we ever get to it.
6 The Caper Story - I Wish I Did
I guess the OLD Doctor isn't that far out of step after all. I think some people found the underaged beers more likable just like some people prefer to drink their wines young and full of tannins? Preference or not as defined palate? Hmmmm. Does really matter..... I think the winners were all worthy. ;-)
The utterances by the ANC government's chief spokesman Jimmy Manyi earlier this year, targeting the minority coloured community, and the ruling party's subsequent attack on cabinet minister Trevor Manuel ( also a man of colour) for defending the non-racism of the ANC against Manyi's ethnic politicking, is indicative of at least a tolerance for racial politics within the organisation.
I feel like I've been in a creative funk for the past few.. I don't know, months?
1. http://butterfliesdilemmas.wordpress.com/2012/03/29/dear-insecurity/…Their posts are such that you can relate to them and thats what makes them more enjoyable coz you’re like.. hold on I think that too!!
…the Bleacherman has entered the stadium…
2 experimental
My favorite coffee moment was when I started to drink my coffee straight black. I had consumed coffee for a good bit of 4 years before that moment but always with a splash of milk & the occasional half a lump of sugar.
Finished - 1 YAY!!!!!
(This brief note is more like a TMoB message, but the TMoB board has gotten cranky about posts with more than a few links. If I've made any factual errors, I hope someone corrects me.)
This token of appreciation came about because of a little essay I wrote last week in the newsletter for these people about how the physical qualities of a building affects the emotional responses and thus the ongoing relationships of the people within the structure. Unbeknownst to me, people read this in-house newsletter and a dozen or so people came up to me and thanked me for my essay. Totally outside of any official recognition, Dale, who happened to have this rose, came up to me and gave it to me, saying it was a little gift to me for my beautiful essay. This was such a unique experience for me that I immediately gave my pocket camera to Duncan who took this picture.
Well, I'm back! We had an awesome week with my family and some shitty wi-fi up in the mountains in Gatlinburg. I mention that wi-fi only because my husband, who works with computers; my dad, who has a degree in computer sciences; and my brother, who is a computer geek, couldn't figure out what was wrong with it for over 24 hours.
I know these things can happen even years into an expat life in some other country - you think you've basically got it figured out, the bumps are minimal, life is going smoothly (or as smoothly as possible with a family illness to deal with) and fulfillingly, and then BAM! You find your muscles knotting up, you can't seem to say anything clearly, everyone misinterprets you, or they say things you just don't want to or care to hear. To wit, the old guy at 7-11 who, when he saw me buy a Liberty Times, said "That paper is LIES! We are all Chinese and we have 5,000 years of history. You foreigners can't understand. Don't buy that paper of lies!" He said this in English, no less. And me with no good response to such nonsense beyond "大家有他們自己的想法, 大部分的台灣人不同意你的意見" and, after he wouldn't let up "你好傲慢喔" before walking away.
Moving commences next week. I have the keys to the new place already but don't take possession until Sunday, the 15th. Electrical and water meter readings that day. Cable, tv and internet transfer on the 18th.
So I currently sit, after 1 year being back home, restless, bored, feeling....like my life is wasting away.
Have depression
The voice said again. “Please do not be scared and come into the house we have much to talk about.”
Does this thrifted dress scream "IKEA" to anyone else? I'm convinced that it was handmade from one of their window curtains.
Sitting in a giant swell whist mountains of water crash past you is fucking exciting. I'm not that good a surfer. I'm a good swimmer, comfortable swimming around in it but only a weekend warrior when it comes to negotiating the surf with a 1.7m pointy fiberglass board with blades (three of them for good measure). I caught some good ones, got smashed and rag-dolled through the washing machine a few times. I judged that my bigger 'fun board' was too big to duck dive easily in this swell and I needed to be sure I could get under the waves - the tradeoff is that as you select a smaller shorter board they are slower to paddle and when you try to catch a wave you have to be exactly in the right spot (you can't paddle in or out as fast to be in the right place) and you tend to end up higher on the face before you have the speed to 'pop' (i.e. stand). You do not want to be up high on the lip of a wave tied to a fiberglass block resplendent with points and blades as the wave breaks or it will throw you forward and you will get to experience water in a whole new way. Shorter boards are also less forgiving about body position on take off and if you are too far forward they will nose dive, catapulting you forward into the abyss only to be met by the lip as is crashes down and aquatints you with the bottom before it surges you around a few times. But short boards move over the water more nimbly once you are up and running.
* Centralized water heater
Well, I was wrong, and so was almost everyone else. The killing of Stephen Lawrence was described today by a senior police officer as 'one of the most significant cases of its time.' Two of Stephen's killers were finally convicted today - an extraordinary 18 years after his death. The Metropolitan Police's original investigation into his death was appallingly incompetent. Neville and Doreen Lawrence never ceased in their battle for justice for their son, backed by another paper, the Daily Mail, whose editor, Paul Dacre had also, I believe, employed Stephen's father. Their efforts eventually led to a public inquiry which revealed the Met's institutionalised racism - a racism that reached beyond the police and into wider society. The case changed the UK in many ways - summarised here - but I believe that not enough has changed.
Even his friends are probably more awesome than yours. You think you have academically impressive friends, because they aced the MCATs or went to top-5 law schools? His high school friend and college roommate is doing doctoral research at MIT on an NSF fellowship, and is spending the summer at CERN. Your roommate last summer placed third in her division in her most recent 5K? His has a closetful of Olympic medals and world championships.
And the runner-up, Picasso’s “Nude, Green Leaves, and Bust”:
Based on International Best-Selling Novel and Loaded With More Than Four Hours of Behind-the-Scenes Footage and Commentary
STUDIO: Focus
Even in writing this I feel like I'm getting on to her, but in reality I'm pointing out my own flaws. I feel like I'm going about this all wrong. I feel like I'm a bad "parent". If I'm not ready to take care of someone else's child, how could I ever be a good parent to my own? Maybe I shouldn't have kids. Maybe that's why God hasn't given them to me yet. Because I'm not supposed to have my own. Maybe I haven't shown him yet that I deserve that gift, and now I never will. Because I'm doing so badly with Breanna.
The archbishops' message came after Pope Benedict XVI on Friday denounced what he called the "powerful" gay marriage lobby in America and told visiting US bishops to not back down in the face of "powerful political and cultural currents seeking to alter the legal definition of marriage".
(NB: I haven't yet read Krauss's interview, though I will.)
So a few days ago, I said that I would talk about a couple of stores that my cousin and I went to while we were on our mini Claremont adventure.
Clear Vinyl- around $5
DCWV "the Blossoms & Butterflies stack" I found this really cool Sketch
A week before my wedding, my mom handed me the wedding band that Sue had always claimed. I don't even remember the moment now, but I know that my mother insisted that I have it and wear it on my wedding day. She was very insistent and I knew it was important to her for all the right reasons. So I took it and after twenty-eight years, it is still on my finger.
4. When challenging foreign wars, Paul often points out that war disproportionately affects minority families.
My name is K. I am a huge fan of your work. Some of my family and friends read your blog so I was wondering if you post this if you could leave my name out. Even though they read this they think I’m a little “out there”.
A forest fire of inquiry,
This movie is definitely better than most people are saying. I thought it was fantastic. People always bitch about any kind of remake or sequel, because it never lives up to their rose-tinted nostalgic memories. THE ORIGINAL SERIES WAS ACTUALLY REALLY AWFUL. Yes, those of us who were 7 years old in 1981 LOVED the show. The dinosaur battles were TEH AWESOME. However, the original series was clearly KIDDIE SHIT. NOT for adults. The dinosaurs were clay. The Sleestak — though they scared the shit out of me — were clearly just men in rubber suits. I’ve viewed original episodes in the last 2 yrs, and they SUCK SUCK SUCK.
However, having grown up being told that “you don’t get anything for nothing”, I confess that when I heard about this last year I was unpleasantly confused and a little bit scared… did this mean altruistic aliens had landed, hadn’t made the headlines and everyone but me had lost their brains and bodies to little green men without my knowledge? (My answer to anything worrying -
Keith G.
Visit her website at www.louisepenny.com to get a full sense of all seven books in the series and treat yourself so her blog posts to get a full sense of the delightful woman who writes them.
After dinner we had some strawberry popsicles...
Wash your jars and lids in hot soapy water. Heat a large pot of boiling water (this will be to boil the jars. You'll need about 2 inches of water above the tops of the jars, so make sure your pot is big).
his dad was also born on a Mother's day, 29 years ago...how cool is that!!
You can still kiss our ass.
Here’s the final image:
The co-op is sponsored by social workers from Cleveland who hold pre-holiday sales among their friends and co-workers and University Hospitals and the Cleveland Clinic. They do a lot more as well to help the women educate their children. There are currently 47 members but not all are grown women. On Saturdays, the girls in the co-op also come to the shop and bead along side the adults.
HARASSED-LOOKING men jostled for their turn to park haphazardly by the entrance. Solid women accosted them, jabbing clinking carrier bags into their chests and demanding that they lift 25-litre drums of cooking oil into the tiny, groaning cars, two or three at a time. “Jesus,” I thought. “So this is shopping?”
Hello and happy Friday! Thanks for joining us again here at Stamp Something! We love having you play along with us each week! A big thanks to all of our Digi Day players last week! Lots of fabulous digital creations to be seen! Always a fun week! Thank you as well to all of our fabulous Digi Day Sponsors too!
and remember to pick up a journal as you practice being a deliberate creator. Allow yourself to step into your Greatness and bring your dreams to life!
In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with paddle attachment, cream butter on high until light and fluffy (about 3 minutes). Add brown sugar, crumbling it with your hands as you add it to remove any lumps, and mix on medium-high until smooth, about 1 minute. Add honey and mix until well combined. Scrape down sides & bottom of bowl with rubber spatula halfway through mixing to ensure even distribution.
The weekend before thanksgiving we have the Hoffman Annual meeting. And since we are in Pullman this year it made for a great reason to make the trip back home. We decided to fly out on Wednesday night, and Matt flew home Sunday morning and the kids and I planned to drive home Wednesday with my parents since they were planning on coming here for thanksgiving. Sounds like a simple plan right? HA
At just $50 for four courses and five beers with my hosting flair thrown in for free – what more could you possibly want? Friday October 30, 7 o'clock for a 7.30 start.
Zines 101 – A Quick Guide to Zines
wossy: and once again, you're wearing jeans in a way which is unconvincing.
They highlight the fact that the proposal includes lighting columns up to 18m high (60ft in old money!). They also point out that the new National Planning Framework (NPPF) published just a couple of weeks ago, states “great weight should be given to conserving landscape and scenic beauty in National Parks. The conservation of wildlife and cultural heritage are important considerations and should be given great weight”.
He at­tend­ed Phil­lips An­do­ver Acad­e­my (had Oliver Wendell Holmes for a school ­mate there) and attended Yale Un­i­ver­si­ty. Palmer first taught (New York and Con­nec­ti­cut and later was or­dained a Con­gre­ga­tion­al min­is­ter. He pas­tored in Maine and New York. He eventually served as Sec­re­ta­ry of the Con­gre­ga­tion­al Un­ion.
I do find that it seems harder, as it gets closer to the end, to not grab an olive or two off someone’s plate, or a bite of baked chicken in the fridge, or a cashew or two from the nut jar, but these are still rare occurrences, and involve very small amounts of food. Part of the reason it has gotten harder is that I’ve lost quite a bit of weight, am closer to goal, and will soon be on real food again. Somehow this has made it easier for me to justify that bite of real food. But it would have been better to resist.
Now, don't get me wrong. Sarah and Adam are both brilliant and were super nice to us fledgling writers. But basically, what we did for a day and a half was read samples of famous writers' work and analyze them. We didn't write anything. We didn't talk about how to write a novel. It was, therefore, not a novel writing class. It was a literary analysis class.
Note the grainline: not horizontal, not vertical, but on a 45-degree angle so that it's cut on the bias. I was taught that this helps with stretch in that area.
Finding enough hand holds, he climbs to the top of the warehouse and crawls towards the guy on the roof. He has to prevent the sentinel from alerting the rest of the gang and sees no other option than to take him down. When Larryl is real close, he attacks and hurts the guy very badly. In a second attack he finishes him off. The roof cleared, he cleans his weapon and climbs down to return to Tonks and Magnys, who are waiting impatiently.
Hello abode lovers and happy Monday. I am completely under the weather today... ugh, I'm all hopped up on Zicam, Mucinex, Ibuprofen and 2 varieties of cough drops, thanks to Mister Husband. Although I am not doing so well, or looking so hot, I am so excited to share this diy with you today, so here I am! Anyone remember Landon & Kelli's living room redesign? Or their Master Bedroom? They are some of my favorite friends and clients and it's always a pleasure to work with them! Anyway, this time, we are tackling a new space In their lovely abode... one of their guest bedrooms! We've discussed an otomi headboard for a while, but otomi fabric can be a bit pricey... so we went to plan B. Cheap paint.
“And your scooter keys,” he says.
* By and large, mothers and housewives are the only workers who do not have regular time off. They are the great vacationless class. Anne Morrow Lindbergh
A few weeks ago four cops brutally assaulted patrons at the Catz Pajamas Restaurant in Mellville, everything also caught on shocking CCTV footage. The video can be seen below along with the killing of Tatane’s video.
Without soil the earth would be barren rock and we would have never been made.
hand-painted skulls, my first attempt...
Elevated to the highest crown
Judas Iscariot:
Recall James Crooker
They work at the bottle factory which is run and otherwise staffed by Italians apart from Patrick, the Irish van driver. The girls stick the labels on the wine and the men operate the bottling plant. Freda has the hots for trainee manager Vittorio; he is engaged to an Italian girl, but Freda hopes she can persuade him otherwise. Brenda, meanwhile, has to fight off the advances and fumblings of Mr Rossi. Little do the men realise the effect that introducing two English girls into the factory will have on the whole place!
A touching, tragic, human story.
How You Can Help
Jeannie and PeyPey exited the theater onto the streets of Five Points and, not being so sure of their surroundings and having already been approached by a man wearing a Members Only jacket and carrying a briefcase, while almost simultaneously being pummelled over on the sidewalk by a drunk kid, they called on the safety of Walter's taxi services who had picked them up from the restaurant and taken them to the concert.
1/4 cup diced fried bacon pieces
Okay their may be more than two Waxworks movies but for this episode? We're only reviewing two.
- I said, 'You rape 'em wise?'
Well, hello. It’s been quite a while since my last blog post, and with good reason. Last year I changed my job; no longer am I school based. These days I work at TES, devoting time to finding and creating quality resources that support pupils with SEN. I still, however, like to keep up to date on what is happening in education and spend time exploring lots of web based ideas I think might be interesting and I thought, what with today being the 29th February and therefore a little special, I’d share a few new finds an old favourites. All these sites have some link to inclusion (even when it’s not obvious – I will explain) and all of them are free to use. So here we go – a special top ten for a special day! Hopefully there’s something for everyone here.
I'll tell you what, from now on when I am running the weedeater I am really going to scout out bushes and overhanging trees and look for these gray nests. I do have to admit that the hornets are beautiful a black and ivory body and the nest has the most beautiful swirls and silvery colorings I have ever seen but I think that I prefer to see them on the internet......definitely NOT in person!!!
Obligation – often too much or too little is seen in applicants
— Phillips Brooks
I had planned to make up my Friday run this weekend, but my stomach had other plans for me. Hopefully this week I’ll be able to run 4 days so I can still make it up and not get behind.
7. What's your favorite time of day?
Hi all, well it has been super busy here. My kiddos are finally done with school and my son graduated 'moved up' to the middle school for 5th grade....seriously I can't believe I have a 5th grader!!!
Do you think this will be a one off or an annual event?
But this understanding is completely backwards; black slaves would have been better off if the Constitution counted them at one-fifth, or not at all. The southern states would have been much happier had the slaves counted as whole persons, or better yet, 5 persons each!
14. Lewis Thomas "The Lives of a Cell"
His skin was painted a little bit differently to normal. Rather than painting it in the pale skin tones of the rest of the Skorne I’ve done (e.g. Molik Karn or the Bloodrunners), I wanted to make him look really quite unhealthy. It doesn’t come out in the pictures quite as much as I’d hoped, but his skin was painted in the regular skin tones for the army, but then I hit it with a red wash, a flesh wash and (in some places) a sepia wash which all mixed together to give a really unhealthy effect. The red ended up settling to look like rashes and skin lesions, while the flesh wash added to the slightly ruddier complexion. The sepia was applied to areas where I thought sweat would build up, and so was put on under the arms, around the face a bit, and across the chest. The overall effect is fantastic, and puts me in mind of nothing so much as Baron Harkonnen from the Dune series of novels.
Sometimes it can be hard to tell if the promise is kept, however. If you’re reading a long piece like a novella or full-length novel, but you’re only seeing it in increments (chapters), the explanation for the new behavior may not show up in the material you’re reading. In that case, you need to ask about it. If it’s a mistake, it’s possible the author didn’t realize she’d made it.
In learning these 4 movements and their encoded meanings, you will be exploring these themes physically with your body. The bodywork on each move is then followed by guided poetry-writing exercises that are linked to the same themes for the ultimate mind-body experience.
whose large and looming lunar mouth
The apostles performed many miraculous signs and wonders among the people. And all the believers used to meet together in Solomon’s Colonnade. (Acts 5:12)
(I managed to get this picture of KC looking straight at me after 6 tries! ) It's tough for him to make eye contact, if he does it's very quick! Gotta be fast to catch this guy!)
As promised, following my ‘tour’ of the Lake District during the April A-Z blogging challenge, I’m extending the tour to cover other interesting places in North West England. It’ll be another A-Z tour, but with a new one each week, rather than each day! So hope you’ll join me on my ‘Thursday Tour’ of this part of England.
*Note to Matthew Weiner: More Alison Brie is always good. Always.
Hi! Kristy owner/designer of Some Odd Girl Digital Stamps here! I am thrilled to be sponsoring Stamp Something!
Then there was this Belgian-style golden ale called GOLDEN DOOM. Good name, and really good beer. It’s pictured here. It’s a thick, orange-colored sweet ale, with just a TON of yeast collecting in the back of the throat. Yow. I think they may have thrown in a little butterscotch to keep the pundits guessing. A well-done take on an underappreciated (by me) style. 7.5/10. Onward to “strong beer month”!
Artists:Charles Neidich, Ayako Oshima,Gerard Reuter, Marc Schachmann, Dennis Godburn, Michael O’Donovan,William Purvis,Stewart Rose,
It simply did not compute.
By the 1500s, rumors about rich gold deposits around the rivers Yaracuy, Santa Cruz, and Aroa brought Spanish settlers, including members of the Bolivar family, to the region. In 1605, more precise locations of ores became known, particularly in a small valley lateral to the Aroa River next to La Quebrada de Las Minas.
Dean got his heart back that night and hasn’t stopped running. That was almost twenty years ago.
Only a few people were allowed into the birthing room, which was a large operating-like room, and the birth was taking place behind a curtained-off area; and behind the curtained-off area I briefly saw someone open the curtain to come out & so I saw that the woman was in a metal tub-like thing to help with the birthing process I guess.
The men in the room laughed, a sound of camaraderie, not mockery. Maleta stared at the newcomer. His aura was different from his companions. The shining gold of a pure soul was blinding in the surrounding darkness. That’s all she needed! What was a paladin doing in a place like this?
I explained that the beans were the bean plants seeds. I did get a look of surprise at that!
Please take note that the following is a condensed version of Rev. Dieleman’s original sermon. The link to the full sermon is here.
“You are right Jessie, as usual. What do you want to do when this joke is over?” Just as I say the words I am interrupted by something familiar feeling. A rough and hard signature, like its owner. “Jessie, it’s Rex.”
"Pictures of Matchstick Men" by Status Quo
Who loves lovely flower photos? Oh good, you are in exactly the right place.
Now onto a delicious and decadent recipe that I kinda made up myself! It is ridiculously easy, rich, and a wonderful treat to gift or snack on after a hard day. I started with this recipe by Melissa Clark of the New York Times, who is like my modern day Minimalist. But I wanted to up the "wow" factor and decided to make a slightly wicked version with alcohol. I had good whisky on hand as well as sea salt so why not (you can replace with the alcohol of your choice!)
This is why I am still breathing.
A few hours later, I had a reply (thanks, Sonja!). The 1935 edition read "a pasture that stretched much farther than a man could see, and there were no people." Wilder and Nordstrom changed people to settlers.
A sudden breeze brought him back to his senses, made him realize that he was dreaming within a dream, he woke up from the second one, realized that he was lonely in the first one and made a willful attempt at clearing his head, he was now in reality. His reality sucked, he could remember, up until that day he saw her, without knowing the glint had come on.
that is you Sandra ...Congratulations.... please do email me before the 19th September to claim your prize.
Wal: Well…. Actually…. Thing is…..
To finish off the card, I added some velvet pale pink ribbon and crochet ribbon from the Really Reasonable Ribbon store, along with a flower from Zva Creative.
The fifth and sixth installments, Wolves of the Calla and Song of Susannah, are probably the weakest links. In Wolves of the Calla, King really crosses into metafictional territory, spicing it with cross-references — and even one major character — from his other works, as well as elements from Marvel comics, Star Wars and Harry Potter. There is a lot going on in these two novels, maybe a bit too much for some readers. But having journeyed this far, it seems a shame to stop now, and both are still great fun, especially Wolves, which features a spaghetti Western-style showdown at the end. I do have to say that these books introduce King’s most audacious twist of all, which I won’t spoil. Some readers see this as a shocking and arrogant bit of hubris, although I look at it not only as an interesting experiment with reality within fiction, but also a culmination of themes King has been writing about for a long time. It may not be completely successful, but it certainly is something new.
In the moments leading up to dawn,
Publisher: St. Martin's Press/St. Martin's Griffin
Preheat oven to 350°F. Butter and flour 12-cup Bundt pan. Whisk first 8 ingredients in medium bowl to blend. Using electric mixer, beat butter in large bowl until smooth. Add both sugars and beat until fluffy, about 3 minutes. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating 1 minute after each addition. Beat in vanilla extract, then Greek-style yogurt. Add dry ingredients; beat just until blended. Fold in almonds and all cranberries. Transfer batter to prepared Bundt pan.
The orchard will bloom; someone will play the guitar.
on sale for $2.39
This is such a comfortable dress. I ended up having a little bit of retail therapy at Dots after lunch. I bought two more tops that will be working themselves into April's or maybe even May's capsules. I have a couple of more ideas for theme months, mostly revolving around different colour mixes.
According to the American Psychological Association, the girlie-girl culture’s emphasis on beauty and play-sexiness can increase girls’ vulnerability to the pitfalls that most concern parents: depression, eating disorders, distorted body image, risky sexual behavior.
"I am Madame Imelda" she intoned. "Mistress of Mysticism, Empress of Enchantment, and Diva of Divination! I know past, present, and future! I have access to those worlds beyond normal sight, sound, smell, touch, and thought! I speak with the spirits, hobnob with the hobgoblins, and play host to the ghosts! Now, what can I do for you?"
She shivered. “It’s like The Children of the Corn.”
do something that could hopefully use that joy but fit it into a
Has that ever happened to you?
A quick scan of the beer reviews I did last year showed about only 20% were Welsh beers.
Welcome to Obama's Army.
Ahhh, I get it.
Having attacked the iniquities of “colour-blind policing”, Macpherson, with no sense of any embarrassment, notes with obvious approval, the summing up made by Justice Curtis (the judge at the trial of the three arrested suspects):
If you have accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and Savior what are you going to do with this information? It appears as a great salvation plan and you are thinking it should have been preached to the unsaved. That is true and I hope one day that I will have the privilege of preaching this to the lost.
We were then treated to a long section of the dietitian holding up foods to demonstrate what a reasonable serving of carbohydrates were in different things from peas to rice to oranges. Luckily this wasn't suprising to me as I've measure my portions for years. I could tell it was new to the other moms in the class. I would guess they were going to have to change the way they ate more drastically than I was.
So Rea is now officially a zombie and stuff happens and she starts suffering from rigor mortis. The solution is obvious, because the cat does it, and that’s eating those leaves, but that’ll probably be next episode. Gratuitous fanservice and decreased animation quality aside, a pretty damn good episode.
Good morning! Hope everybody had a great weekend.
Cigarette burns, coffee stains and paint splatter array--
I saw The Avengers last night….. and I was so blown away!!! To be honest, I didn’t have high hopes for this one. I was disappointed by Iron Man 2, and aside from the Captain himself, I hated Captain America. But it blew me out of the water and I can officially say that this is my new favorite movie.
March is not over yet and has been one of our snowiest months here at times.....
07) Child In Time (Deep Purple)
Would you change anything about your birth/births?
another great manga by nishikata mai
Lynda Barry’s semi-autobiographical works are funny, poignant and incisive. Much of the work is dealing with teen angst. Her artwork seems alive and buzzing to me. I have several of her books, go to her web site and take a look at them. She is also buddies with Matt Groening, who needs no introduction, being the author of the Simpsons television cartoon. More below on Groening.
Question to those who write: What lengths do you go to... to ensure your portraying your characters the way you envision them?
Then, things got really interesting, as I approached the front pond. The pair of Canada geese that have claimed that pond as theirs were bathing and preening, not that unusual, but this time, it seemed different.
TGGITS 5'37
Zucchini Squash
I usually am in the garden twice a day - in the morning while the boys are eating breakfast. I water pots, pick, tie, check and basically wander outside. I go out again in the evening when the boys are playing in the alley with friends - to water the pots again and beds if needed, weed, check and basically wander outside. The garden is always mostly shaded at these times, and yet sun peeks in here and there. It is a great place to wander. To walk. To think. To think about not thinking. To feel the grass underfoot. When the light is just right I usually grab my camera and wander some more.
Also, I may go to a re-enactment-like thing. It’s all too official and all, but it’ll be great fun. I’ll be selling goods and be an assassin. I’m quite looking forward, to be honest, it’s been a while since I’ve done some LARP-like activity. The goods I’ll be selling are talismans and embroidered gloves. Now I can’t show you a picture of the gloves as I’m… Er… They’re top-secret so you can’t see them. Yes. Not that I haven’t finished them at all, nooo. I’m quite fond of my talismans, though. It’s my mom’s idea (Thanks!). Technically speaking, it’s a piece of clay with a character from the Dragonscript language (Some language that is used in the game Skyrim; The Elder Scrolls V) written on it. But it looks awesome! And also there’s a few Norse runes: Fehu, Anzus, Thurisaz, Hagalaz, Uruz, Raidho and Mannaz. And there’s a picture of me in my assassin costume:
MAKE YOUR PRODUCTS MORE EXCITING AND USE MY PROJECTS IN YOUR MARKETING STRATEGIES!
As her guests enjoyed the tea party in the East Room, Mrs. Obama, clad in a sleeveless shift with a sunshine yellow top and a pale gold brocade skirt, hailed the three generations for their homefront service.
Everything in Life is a Power Struggle x
(Take #2 of 2...)
this mirror was a sweet find that was also a dark wood stain. It took a couple of coats of oil-based primer to keep that stain from seeping through -- not fun for this painter :)
With this card I will play along into the following challenges:
bottom tier: vintage luggage cake with stamps of her favorite travel spots
This is the strength of Muslim women. It’s a strength deeply rooted in collectivism, based not on the power of the individual but the combined power of a group working as one. It’s a strength built on the ability to call for backup at a moment’s notice, and THAT is rooted in a female-only social environment that nurtures and strengthens intimate friendships between women. Missing that out of a novel about Muslim women is hugely dis-empowering, because it erases a major source of our power.
I know this is supposed to be "Wordless Wednesday" and I try to stick to that...but I wanted to share a little bit with you today.
I have used Big Day Tobie and coloured him in with copics. I glossed the icing with some Crystal Effects.
If you look through the record collection at my father’s house, it’s easily apparent when you’ve arrived at the milk crate that contains my mother’s old records, because it’s an obvious shift from all the rock ‘n’ roll records to R&B. In that milk crate, the record I always pull out, if only to stare at it, is a Whitney Houston album. I remember as a kid, looking at it and thinking she was the most beautiful woman in the world.
Pacific Asia Museum
5. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Working in batches, cook the gnocchetti until they float, about 2 minutes. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the gnocchetti to the skillet with the sauce. When all the gnocchetti are done, gently warm them in the sauce.
Sometimes I find myself wanting to freeze time, or capture it inside a bottle so I can remember certain moments forever. I know I'm not alone in this, but I have yet to figure out how to do it! Any help here??
I have a message for the Divergent.
Five tomahawks, wi' bluid red-rusted;
uShip decided to take it even further though, offering its customers the chance to buy carbon offsets. Dean says that since 2006, 30,000 uShip customers have bought over 1,560 tons of carbon offsets by the end of 2011. uShip also purchased carbon offsets for 100% of its internal operations, including data servers, commuting, utilities, and even business travel.
But here in Oregon I definitely did find my new home... I feel like I belong here. I love the the four seasons, my mountain that on a good day I can see in the distance. I love to have the beach nearby. I love hiking and berry picking, and weird Portland people. I love my friends and family. I have the very best friends here. I cannot possibly imagine living anywhere else. It's here that I learned what true friendship is... through highs and lows. Oregon is home. And I hope it always will be.
8. Thank you, but I won't make any attempt to dance, I have no coordination. I'd hate to look like a fool!
the water
After I got off the phone, I continued watching the tv show I was watching on my iPad, and made sure to laugh out loud really loudly every 30 seconds. Ha.
I have been having issues with blogger again!!
This may be shallow of me, but I counted each time MSN lifted his jersey. Five times. I gasped and sighed. I’m thoroughly convinced that the only reason more people – more, er, girls – showed up to watch the guys play is because of MSN’s washboard abs.
Just want you to know that we are making a difference! Our recent post “Let’s Take Her Down!” got the attention of Roll Call, which calls itself “The Newspaper of Capitol Hill since 1955.” It is sponsored by Congress.org. Here’s the article (see below).
Its seems these two great stories – the one set in Victorian England and the other in modern society – have something in common. Both seem silly and nonsensical but at the same time point to political and especially quantum realities that humanity will eventually have to come to grips with.
Tori agreed. She left the examination room to visit other patients. Tori couldn’t come to a decision. She needed help making that decision. She thought Jack would be of help. She took out her cell phone and called Jack.
Africa could solve the problem itself and this needed to be driven strongly by the South African government and the continent's bloc, with immediate action needed.
Reciprocity - The partnership policy purchased in the fargo north dakota bands and corn. Biotechnology jobs can come in many varieties. Some are more developed than others, and some still have a good payment history. Within two years after refinancing your mortgage, you can have here. If you aren't familiar with refinance loans, find out the fargo north dakota bands and cons of long terms and repayment options.
And finally we have a rookie card of the currently struggling Jose Bautista. His cards are somewhat underpriced given the past two seasons (his RC books at $1) but only time will tell if his recent success will last. Not a bad pack.
Iceland: In June 2002, hundreds of Falun Gong adherents were barred from entering Iceland to join peaceful demonstrations during a visit by Jiang Zemin. They were stranded at airports around the world after being denied boarding on flights based on a blacklist supplied by Chinese authorities, an act the Icelandic Ombudsman later ruled illegal. (http://www.faluninfo.net/displayAnArticle.asp?ID=5756)
In about two week will it be Christmas, my goodness this year has passed so quickly.
First of all, if you have to force yourself to write, you may be in the wrong business.
You: WHAT? That’s crazy! I named my PENIS Jesus! You wanna meet him?
Not only did she point out the overuse of dialogue tags, but gave me reasons why they distracted from the story and why they should be used sparingly. It's sort of like when you have a perfectly good recipe for soup or *insert food item here* and oversalt or over*insert condiment here* it. The story is the soup. The unnecessary loadage of crap is the salt. Savvy? (That just made me think of Jack Sparrow...tee hee)
Walt – Just as major cities were once built around ports, or railroads, the future world cities will be built around air travel. The ability to ship by air and to get anywhere in the world quickly will be key for the future of cities. And not all of those cities will be large cities; some smaller cities will also have success in the future air travel of the Aerotropolis.
I also like the light weight chipboard you can get at Joann's in the 3 pack. I used the white light weight chipboard for Heather's stand base to make it more solid.
- Choose an illustration style from the picture on the wall (ISEEFACE ME #1, 2 or 3)
They for me were pure entertainment, they never had to fight the fires or do the true rescues but still represent the spirit of the real firemen who put themselves in harms way.
1. You like The Mahabharata and are game for a healthy introspective debate on the epic.
7. Yes, I Just said "book" and "whore" together - it's for literary affect.
To the people who I've worked with at summer camps, or worked with me when I was a camper (LV and Amisk - you rock!!!), through youth work, and to the RP detachment at Kildonan...wouldn't be doing what I do if I hadn't learned something from you along the way.
Those three little letters conjure up such feeling, emotion, love and belonging in my heart. They speak of home, a place to be myself, a place of comfort and peace. And, yes - a place where I am loved unconditionally.
~Notice when you feel the perfectaholic urge to spend far too much time “fixing” or “noodling” on something when you really should move onto something else. Try moving on sooner than you would otherwise do, and notice how in a few short days it didn’t really matter after all.
It was a great way to get the first copies of the beautiful calendar's into peoples hands...and we got to see and hang out with so many artists and friends we hadnt seen in so long + meet new peeps too.
Brandon Holstein: Do you consider yourself to be a natural leader on the field LJ and how do you draw or bring inspiration out of your teammates on the field?
So, grumpy old Dimitri Mendeleyev was working late one night, trying to work out what the world was made of, as you do, and he fell asleep. And he dreamt the periodic table. And thereby changed history. (Obviously, someone else would have got there eventually, by the more normal route of damned hard work, but lucky old DM just dreamt it.)
We arrived at our venue exactly on time by subway. A lovely Irish pub called Dora Keogh's on Danforth Ave. in Toronto. It was tiny but the pints were excellent( and plentiful since I wasn't driving!)
All of this is to say that if I disappear now and then and don't keep to my usual three-posts-per-week schedule, I hope you'll understand. And if you know of any blind dog rescues, I'm all ears.
A jungle of gargantuan booby holders with pert chested, petite assistants
I find the sunset in your sighs
My card "recipe". . .
From local newspapers to Carnegie’s website and map, my photos have often been used to illustrate Carnegie, capturing Main Street at dusk or the Memorial Day Parade, a detail of everyday life gone unnoticed, or a hidden treasure I’ve found while exploring.
“This time of war began in Afghanistan, and this is where it will end,” he predicted.
Scott has already passed through this stage, full of unearned self-confidence and even a bit of a Casanova, why not. He’s also a complete tosser, despised by his friends and exes (everyone except his ultra-fetish fuel underage girlfriend, who is temporarily blinded by inexperience), and needs to properly grow up. The entire point of the film is that both he and his potential love are emotional idiots utterly lacking empathy. Since puberty, they’ve run through significant others like kleenex, promising relationships while actually using them as disposable props for whatever self-image suited them at the moment. Ramona’s a little ahead of the game; she’s been on the receiving end of that treatment and taken it as a mirror, making a vow to change with no clue how to go about that. Scott‘s still a dick, using the very cool Knives Chau only as proof that he’s over his last break-up and cheating on her without a thought for her existence, let along feelings.
“I” – There’s something I need to say about me; or, there’s something I need to say about what’s in my eye.
The only thing we want to bring back is the unbearable stench of the Buried and Forgotten dead!
The recipe that I used was originally for beef burgers, however my boyfriend loves pork! Now I was skeptical, I didn’t rate pork at all but I purchased pork mince anyway. And I have to say, I ate my words, they were delicious!!
Here's the tease:
Comes with:
When I took them out of the dryer, they didn't seem to be as felted as I thought they would be so I put them in again, this time on a 45min, 40 degree wash and then a 1hr dry. I didn't bother with the tights the second time around, just chucked the balls in by themselves. Oh and I should add actually, next time I'm definitely going to cut the legs off the tights first when doing the first felting because the other leg got all tangled around everything and it was a nightmare trying to get it out!
It’s usually so many motorcycles it takes almost fifteen to twenty minutes to watch them all drive by, today it only took about.. five. Stupid weather! After that, one of Erics friends came by, and the three of us went to get some swedish “fika” (coffee/tea, and pastries/cakes). Then us two siblings went back to our mom, talked for a while, then we took the car home to our father. We had a really nice Easter dinner, lots of laughs and now during the evening we watched Inception. Such a great movie, and Cillian Murphy, oh! The most gorgeous man in the universe. I’m quite pleased with the day, if you count away the fact that I fell asleep for a few hours after dinner, and my stomach has been killing me. Oh well. I’ll survive this as well.
After she got her head together, she went through her afternoon routine of ignoring the dirty dishes, counting her money from the night before and rummaging through her purse to see how many pills and bags of cocaine she had to get her by until she could get more.
Substance B-
This life brings with it the demand that my previous course of action, to turn away and escape inward, into the fantasies of these masks, is no longer a viable or even sane option. To take this options means a pain that slowly rots me from within, rather than that healthy and searing pain which compels me to push outwards, to engage, to act, to love in gesture and in words and in affection given freely.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. I can't put it down.
Without you I can’t breathe…
In my recent contest, I asked entrants to supply the link to other blogs they couldn't live without. So many fabulous blogs were mentioned, I decided to collect them here in one post for easy reference. I will make a permanent link to this post in my sidebar as well!
So if you remove temperature periods that you don't like, you get a temperature pattern that you do like. That proves nothing. For him to have shown extraneous influences on temperature, he would have to have measures of those influences themselves, not just the temperature changes that are attributed to them. To use a rough analogy, he is standing in a bucket and trying to lift himself by the handle. He needs to get out of the bucket.
The book begins with a commentary from Luther, a neighbor in the story. We find out later he is not your typical neighbor. He beats his wife because he’s a werewolf and his baser instincts get the better of him. Matt, the author, is the main character of the book. I found that very entertaining. Matt also uses his real friends as neighbors in the story. Even his acknowledgments are entertaining. However, unlike another comedic writer I have read, Matt brings in the truth of Christian life in a story about us. Yes, we are the monsters.
Government by definition is tyrannical. Many forms of government use the presence of numerous individuals, and the process of elections, to deceive the citizens into believing that the government acts on their behalf, and in a relatively fair and just manner.
It's been awhile since I have been here. I have been extremely busy with things around here, what with school and activities and work and all that. But I came across this book the other day while unpacking (yes, still unpacking) a box of books and realized that I had never posted my review of this book. It is time to remedy that!
We would like to introduce our next Belle of the Belli - Carol H - Gingerbeary 8. Carol's beautiful creation for Belli Challenge #135 - Frames won her this Guest Designing spot for the Belli Challenge. You can see her winning card HERE! Read a little more about Carol and see her pretty card she created for our current challenge!
The earth beneath her feet started to vibrate and the blackness that was covering her body fell to the ground. She realized she could move her feet but she felt no inclination to do so.
Man City – WWWLD
Ahhh. . .we'll keep looking.
I started admiring this quirky piece of technology from afar. Way out of my price range, it was difficult to justify any reason for buying it for myself. I started to wistfully talk about it with my mother the summer that I graduated as we planned our trip to Germany. Wouldn't it be awesome if I could take this handy little e-reader with us to have on the plane and in the car instead of lugging around books? In the end, I chose to abstain, and it was ok because the trip was jam packed, and I didn't do much reading anyway. The suggestion, however, was not lost on my mother, a fellow bibliophile.
