5. A lot more stretching. I’ve been stretching a bit before bed time each night, and have really been enjoying that. It’s calming my body and my muscles feel relaxed and good. My amazing pilates instructor is also helping the cause. She has long known that I’m a runner – I asked her last year for tips on how to work on/stretch out my cranky left IT band. She said she was a runner herself, and helped me out. That class has down wonders for my hip, glute and overall core strength, and as a result, my IT band issues. The last few weeks she’s been asking how training is going, if I was tapering yet, asking about my long runs, any aches and pains. The other week we were doing bridging with pilates rings on the outside of our ankles, so we had to use our legs to press out to keep them up, and she said, “I know my runners in here are feeling this in their IT bands,” looking straight at me.
Cooperative Calligraphy
Happy Friday, Luvs! Today marks the first day back in the gym after a minor hiatus and a battle with a head cold. I am happy to report that I managed to stave off the cold with Zycam and some rest (I think), so I can try to get back into my routine. Again. For the billionth time.
Screw you to co-workers who actively try to sabotage others work and reputations to make themselves feel better.
Bassinet Mattress Review (bassinetmattressreview.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
But wait, I hear you asking, what's this all about?
“I think we do not need to talk about Anwar anymore. It is not about Anwar. When we talk politics, we talk about Najib-Anwar, Najib-Anwar.
The Right, in general, understands that flawed human nature means that some will always seek power, demand that their ideology be imposed on all, and that a strong defense can be the best way to prevent war and sustain peace.
The chapter 12, I particularly appreciated the description given of the new medias that are getting more and more popular. As I am a fanatic of e-books, I think it is one of the best options that organizations have to promote themselves: they can be read anywhere, it can be full of graphics, images and then it catches the eye, etc.
Now, hurry and eat it before the new year hits and you have to be good again.
Under 18 $20 presale @DK studios / $22@Door
We have 31 days to make 29 faces. That means 2 extra days of room to wiggle!
* I've written a letter of interest to Seven Bridges Cooperative asking them if they'd like to sponsor an issue. If they bite, I'd like to get the issue out before October. Either way, I'm always accepting submissions.
Anastasia's first adventure in to sex is with S&M, something she wasn't even aware of before. She struggles with her love for Christian yet her repulsion at being a submissive.
I haven't read too far yet because I am reading this slowly, Lectio Divina style. It is very, very good and I am excited about reading it. I would be delighted if some of you would choose to read it also and share with me, because I'd love to discuss it with others.
Our Founders understood that waging war is not something that should be taken lightly, which is why Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution gives Congress — not the president — the authority to declare war. This was meant to be an important check on presidential power. The last thing the Founders wanted was an out-of-control executive branch engaging in unnecessary and unpopular wars without so much as a Congressional debate.
does no bacon mean no delicious dinner....
Under the chaos of martial law, Bush intended to install a new constitution which would have kept everyone currently in office in their same position for 25 years and it would have removed all rights to elect new officials. The military intervened and stopped Bush from signing that Executive order.
“In what could be the last Republican presidential debate, Mitt Romney and Rick Santorum took the focus away from the media to focus on each other; the publisher Barney Rosset, who challenged American censorship, died at 89.”
MEET ONE-ON-ONE WITH MY KIDS. As long as my sons and daughter live under my roof or within driving distance, I'll keep making it a priority to meet weekly with them one-on-one. Hands down it's been the best parenting move I've made to date.
I do it more by feel and paycheck. I have the read the articles about suggested mileage but I never remembered the number, and nor do I trust it all that much. I have seen photos of blogs of changing shoe shape and when it is time to change it, but Im skeptical. I have had comfrtable anfd functional shoes for many years with awkward shapes. Besides- ever put on a old pair of worn down shoes and feel how comfortable they feel despite being distorted a little? They are comfortable for a reason, because they still basically work. As far as tread goes, I admit to being confused about how to tell that of a sneaker.
He said the commission and the Act will simplify the process of company registration, as well as mordenise business administration.
*Acid Reflux.
find that quiet place inside my heart and being, and just ride the
This evening, after a long and beautiful day at a very mountainous region of Chile, I leave you with two totally random and unrelated photos. At the left is a long and lovely model who was sashaying around my hotel when I returned from the winery, all dusty and sun burnt and totally out of sorts (me not her, me!) . . . Here were a string of ladies swirling in long floral dresses the lobby for a Fiat conference. Life is so totally strange.
allow yourself to feel negative or pessimistic. The better you feel about
sent for a minister to come and pray for him. When the man of God got to him,
Tables, charts, rules clarifications, character class and alignment articles, and even comics. These were fun to read and you would read the same entries again and again, and a thousand times again. But the stories. Ugh. Who read these more than once?
I have leveled several toons through the Panda starting area and created a pre-made level 85 to test out the level 85+ content. Overall, I have had few issue other than the Burning the Scroll quest, that everyone was stuck at for several days, and a couple of bugged quests, including one that is sometimes bugged on the live servers as well. Of course there are the times that I could not log in and the usual server disconnects that as sort of expected. The spawn rates on many of the quests mobs are jacked up high enough that there is usually not much difficulty in finding enough mobs to kill. In some cases when there are not a lot players logged in, the spawn rate is a bit too high and you have a bit of difficulty in getting away from the mobs. I have noticed that the class balance is off, even in the starting area but haven’t really played around much at the higher levels.
The book is slow to get started and I didn’t find what I considered to be a classic Hemingway line until about halfway through the book but it does pick up the pace towards the end. The story moves at a reasonable speed but I felt at times it could have been more interesting. Ultimately I found Hemingway’s prose and observations about his own state of mind more enthralling than the slaughter of (largely) defenceless animals.
Bean’s Pat: Another Header http://anotherheader.wordpress.com/2012/04/25/page-arizona/ Page, Arizona. This blog is a good example of how you need to get off the beaten path to really see what’s out there. Antelope Canyon, is especially a fantastic experience no one should miss. It easily makes my unending list of favorite places.
The previously published pre-order list for Saturnalia MMVII underwent a few alterations before finality was achieved, but arguably fewer changes than I feared. Cross your fingers; some kegs are still in transit. A few probably won’t make it until January.
Ice clicking together as the man next to me slurps his drink
Whew. That was hard! Just kidding. If you missed this exciting new opportunity to ask me anything - feel free to post a question and I'll answer it next week. Oh I feel like Ann Landers!
Race Report: LE MANS PROTOTYPES
Among those who have called for Mugabe to stand down are President Bush, British Prime Minister Gordon Brown, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Kenyan Prime Minister Raila Odinga and Botswana President Seretse Ian Khama.
"Really?" I asked her, surprised.
With elegant irony, one of the earliest advocates of global warming, James Lovelock, the creator of the Gaia (Earth Goddess) hypothesis, has just come forth to admit he was completely wrong and that he and others who spread fear and panic over global warming were alarmists. In his words, "The problem is we don't know what the climate is doing. We thought we knew 20 years ago. That led to some alarmist books - mine included - because it looked clear-cut, but it hasn't happened,"
When my daughters first invited me into the inflatable hippo pool for a dip, I waved it off. I assumed there wasn’t room. Surely I’d manage to pop the poor thing. I shuddered at the thought of a neighbor peeking over the fence to discover me lodged between a water toy and a toddler, all white, jiggly and fully exposed.
I do know this: that I continue to be concerned with the way that increasing admission fees at our public museums and art galleries, paired with disappearing free hours for permanent-collection access or weekly evening access, is contributing to a situation where a whole new generation of Canadians likely has little option but to devalue art, just as art institutions devalue them.
~I got an external hard drive!I'm pretty excited about that,since I've been needing one for a long time.I got even got down to less than a GB of space left on my computer. O_O Not good!So now I can take pictures and videos without having to worry for a while.
So rudely forced; yet there the nightingale 100
Wages (which often took the form of coupons rather than money) were based on the size of the family and the amounts of food and supplies they needed. Resources that were locally abundant were distributed freely or traded with neighboring collectives. Although there were reported instances of forced collectivization, this was not the norm. Small landowners who opted not to join the collectives were given enough land to support themselves but were not allowed to hire laborers, and were denied the social/economic benefits given to members. Large numbers of small farmers were thus compelled to join the collectives based on economic
How much available light is there?
But, we've had a lot of fun. There have been photoshoots, and trips to the park, and walks, and sidewalk chalk, and bubbles.
Running uphill was a challenge at first. All it took was a lap or two to leave me short of breath in the beginning.
As it crashes and splits your world asunder
Probably…not.
Sadly in today’s culture, it is so very easy to think that being talented, popular, the mayor of your pilates studio on Four Square or 400 friends on Facebook is the ultimate end goal. From the moment we awake in the morning we are conditioned to believe that our achievements are what makes us interesting, influential, and special.
Fast forward to just this last December, my wife was in one of her moods and decided to reorganize the attic on a cold Saturday morning. Having learned my lesson after numerous issues with her instinctive need to move stuff around I carefully accounted for all my precious crap making sure it did not go missing. My son was not so lucky, a box containing his Legos and other toys from his early years ended up donated to the local Goodwill. What upset my son in particular were the plastic toy soldiers that he had inside that box.
The families left suffer and mourn for their loss but pride remains in their hearts. Their son, brothers, uncles, dads, daughters, sisters, moms and friends are no longer with them but will be forever memorialized. Our loved ones fought and died guarding us from harm and preserving our future. We will someday be reunited with our loved ones, meet them in the peace and serenity of Heaven. We will be able to gather them into our arms, hug them and thank them for guarding us with their lives. (Psalm 121: 7-8 says: God guards you from every evil, He guards your very life. He guards you when you leave and when you return, He guards you now, He guards you always.)
The weather was perfect!! It couldn't have been a more perfect day for an
Rodriguez’s campaign to do better will be carried heavily by the talent he possesses at the goalkeeper position, where Miguel Caballero returns after serving reliably at the position last year.
21-15-9 reps for time of:
“We couldn’t be more excited to be in business with EVERLAST. His music has been an anthem for millions of fans and Songs of the Ungrateful Living is sure not to disappoint,” remarked Michael Harris EVP/General Manager EMI Global Label Services/Caroline Distribution.
Once there, he led me into the shower and placed my hands against the back wall, which apparently was tiled. He kicked my feet apart and back, so that I was "in position". Next,, he slowly walked my hands down the wall so that I was bent over, my ass in the air. I felt him wiggle the butt plug and sighed with relief. The plug had been inside of me for well over 2 hours and my tight little hole was quite tender. My relief, however, was short lived. Within moments, I felt the short, hard tube of an enema bag being inserted and cold water begin to fill my bowel. I whimpered, humiliated. Just when I felt like I would burst, he flow stopped. He swiftly pulled out the tube and just as swiftly replaced it with the plug. I couldn't help myself. I began to cry.
And if you wont come
However, the writer admitted that he had enjoyed filming on location in Utah for recent two-part story 'The Impossible Astronaut / Day of the Moon'.
Is your frizzy hair now long and glossy? Remember that 'wavy hair look' you've been dying to attain for months? Hope you've tamed your hair to fall on your face just the right way instead of flying all over the place making you look like a homeless pauper.
* Pour in curry powder and little water, fry for a minute, add the potato and carrot, stir well. Sprinkle some water, add in salt, cook until almost dry.
Watch the young guy on the left, as he progressively loses control and starts to giggle and pass notes, and the elderly woman on the right who is resolutely pretending she's at Denny's, taking advantage of the Early Bird Special.
she whisperd back to me
As I held her charms
All in all it was a magical, pretty evening. Everyone had a blast, it was very casual, and stress was kept at bay. What better way to spend the happiest day of your life, right?
Yesterday, although my mother-in-law has never really expressed more than cursory interest in my work, I showed her the current work in progress. This is the most difficult piece I've attempted to date in every way. It's my first color portrait, the painting of which is a story in and of itself. It's large and the stitching is really dense. Even choosing the appropriate stitches has been challenging; I've begun over and over on some areas. The piece is kicking my butt in many ways, but if I pull it off, it'll feel great. I'll have learned a great deal.
My grandparents and my aunts would all make a trifle in a very similar way and we even had fabulous trifle at school with our school dinner occasionally – although with probably more custard and very little cream on top.
My world traveled friend confirmed again for me that I am so fortunate to be a resident and writer in the Vancouver region. We truly do have the best of both worlds.
The common story as to the history of this nomadic people is that they left Rajasthan (based upon the fact that the Romani language is strongly linked to Sanskrit) around a thousand years ago and have been travelling west since. They got called "Gypsies" through a mistaken belief that they'd come from Egypt. The first record of Gypsies in the British Isles comes from 1505 when a witness at a court hearing in Scotland was described as an "Egypcyan woman" who had considerable skill at reading palms. They've been shunned as outsiders wherever they've travelled whilst at the same time taking up and laying down traditions and musics in all the places and cultures they've travelled through.
“Agent Alt notified his superiors about his impending testimony. The next day, ATF Internal Affairs notified Alt that they wanted to talk with him about another matter. On May 5, 2011, Agent Alt met with ATF internal affairs investigators about allegations that Alt downloaded two prohibited applications to his government-issued phone. The total cost of these applications was eight dollars …. Alt was prevented from transferring offices and his eligibility for promotions and pay raises barred during the pendency of the investigation – all supposedly over eight dollars in phone applications.”
On Friday, I got hit on by two taken men (men in relationships) and a friend’s ex. Of course, I don’t accept their advances because after all 1) I believe in karma and when I do find that someone I don’t want him looking at other women and 2) I want a guy of my own, not someone else’s man or their sloppy seconds. I can’t lie, it makes me sad. What is it about ME that makes me a target for Mr. Taken? The sad part is they try to peruse me. I’ll be minding my own business when Mr. Taken approaches me and wants to hold a conversation. The crazy part is that during the conversation he just happens to mention his girl friend or wife. Is that supposed to make him more desirable or is he just letting me know upfront that he’s taken and he just wants sex? I am happy at the fact that they are honest so I know to stay away. The last thing I want is to find out he is taken when his partner confronts me. I just don’t get it!
What can you say about a film that’s been talked about to death? Just this: If you’ve never seen it, you owe it to yourself to do so, not because it’s a way of paying homage to the one true master of modern film, but because it’s so fun to watch.In a spur of the moment decision, Marion Crane (Janet Leigh) decides to leave Phoenix with the $40,000 her boss entrusted to her to deposit at the bank. She’s headed to her boyfriend Sam (John Gavin) in Fairvale, California and the money will finally let them start their life together. After having spent a night in her car, she can’t quite make all the way and spends her second night at the Bates Motel. There she meets Norman Bates (Anthony Perkins), a shy and withdrawn young man who seems to be dominated by his mother. They chat for a while and as a result she decides to go back to Pheonix and return the money. She’s still going to spend the night at the motel and decides to have a shower before going to bed. A week later Marion’s sister Lila (Vera Miles) arrives at Sam’s store in Fairvale to tell him Marion has disappeared. Together with a private detective, Milton Arbogast (Martin Balsam), they begin searching the area and eventually come across the Bates Motel
20min with 10 min on precor
“The morning cup of coffee has an exhilaration about it which the cheering influence of the afternoon or evening cup of tea cannot be expected to reproduce.” – Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr.
I hope you'll consider sending a card or a few cards to help the children in the hospital. And may God bless you in your own card-making!
Fortunately these dudes are still active, but I have yet to check out the new stuff. Maybe hearing this again will inspire me to give 'em a go.
Although the music and spirit of the Nordic punks to a large degree was copied directly by youngsters returning from holidays in London, the meaning of punk was not the same in the Nordic countries ase.g. in England. It did not and could not refer to poverty and urban deterioration in same degree as in Britain, nor mobilise through attacks on the music industry. Nordic punk was to a greater extent defined in relation to the alternative scene of the seventies, ambiguously ridiculing its political correctness and attacking it for a lack of political radicalism. The punks formulated aggressive attacks on welfare state and consumerism and all moral standards except for anarchistic individualism. It became largely a bohemian attitude of urban middle class youth, but gave also space for identity formations among youth in the coastal villages of Iceland, Finland and Norway.
Yep. You guessed it. Several of them rushed the water like malicious little lemmings.
When I moved to do my Masters degree in London, I even had access to the British Library - a grand institution that doesn't lend books per se, but rather offers them to people for research purposes on its premises. Why I went there was not necessarily because I needed the books, but because the environment made it easier for me to write my papers. There is something about the subtle tension and quietness of libraries that makes me work better - where you know that people are meant to remain quiet, but at the same time, you know that everyone's brain is at work... whether it be reading, wondering, thinking, pondering... who knows? Fact is, they do.
I wouldn't want a novel I was buying telling me how much pathos (between 1 and 5) I should expect for it, or how the book had the 'whiff' of a nice Dan Brown.
There will be a Fine Arts Fair on April 26, from 4-7 PM at the board of education. It will feature a live art auction, a cake auction, and live music.
Instead of playing in the studio, I went to Sarasota and ticked a few items off my "To Do" list. Among the plans I made, I had lunch with a friend I hadn't seen in nearly a year. We went to Corkscrew Deli at The Landings and spend nearly two hours catching up. It was great!
Subtlety is out. Bloomberg Businessweek’s January 25th cover shows a book engulfed in flames. The book’s title? “Amazon Wants to Burn the Book Business.” A towering pile of books dominates the front page of Sunday’s NYT Business Section. The pile starts well below the fold (print edition), breaks through the section header at the top of the page, and leans precariously. Books are starting to tumble off. “The Bookstore’s Last Stand,” reads the headline.
Bret Michaels is the very first role model/musician etc that I discovered on my very own without any influence from anybody. When I saw him on Nashville Star, I recognized him, sure, but i didn’t know much about who he was. I didn’t even realize that he was Poison. But I totally became a fan of the way he was, the way he acted …. the comments he made were sincere and it was obvious that he was being himself, “take it or leave it”. He performed his solo stuff on there and I loved it, and I totally became a fan of Bret. Not long after, I discovered the song “Talk Dirty to Me”. I’d play it over and over and over and over, and finally my husband said that “You know, that guy you like so much, Bret, that’s him.” So as you see, on two separate occasions, totally independent from each other, I found Bret Michaels.
"Mad Made Monster" is of the very best films from the studio's 1940s horror output, and it is well worth a look by anyone who loves classic horror and monster movies.
21 March
Goose: Hey...
Bowness-on-Windermere is blessed with many eateries, including excellent restaurants, bistros and pubs, and there are other fish and chip shops, so visitors will still find a huge selection of meals available while visiting this pretty town. However, Vinegar Jones held a key place in restaurant terms, both in terms of its location and its longevity. It is thus a pity that it is no more.
In early August, he said, he himself had taken part in "a national conference to organize the welfare recipients movement,: Dr. Cloward said he personally had taken part in Wednesday night meetings with welfare clients "week after week, month after month," and that as a result, "Next Monday there will be a demonstration of welfare recipients at City Hall"
Next up we have a fun bright card with a sweet reminder to remember the little things in life by Gini Williams Cagle.
“There will be radical change, and I believe it will be driven by technology,” Kerzner said. “I think there will still be many producers. But, they will be able to see far more clients by using technology rather than getting in the car, driving an hour and hoping a client actually showed up. That could certainly increase productivity by a quantum leap.” Borislow of MDRT agreed that new technology will improve the business, but more important is a new perspective on fulfilling some old values.
How I wish I too could embrace this identity. It sucks, all those I yearn to speak with are strangers…I’m far too strange.
While it was a lot of fun getting to know the doctors, spending time with them after work also felt strange. As a fellow North American, I was in many ways at home interacting with them socially. But four months’ separation from the U.S. also made me realize the ways in which I have become accustomed to my new Peruvian friends and lifestyle.
☆ Even more fonts
Didn't all this hysteria over terrorism start with 9-11? Like the Reichstag fire, the whole truth of how the World Trade Center was destroyed will probably never be known.* In response, Congress passed several acts designed to restrict the freedom of the American people, notably the USA PATRIOT Act, creation of the Department of Homeland Security (which makes it possible for the federal government to create a secret police apparatus), the REAL ID Act, and those Transportation Security Administration gropers and scanners.
and recently my brother in law just broke his back so he to has had surgery!
Today I was stressing over this, that, and the other. I don’t wanna be a drama queen, but there’s kind of a lot going on in our lives right now. Blessings are coming, it seems, by the minute, but it’s a lot to process, and because there’s nothing I can do about any of it. All I can do is show up to work, slog through as best I can, go home, sleep, repeat.
9. Brush with melted butter.
She's with her friends. I still know some of them and the people that they will one day become.
1. Hardware: Choice vs. Polish
*Grace and Courtesy: Maria Montessori had 30 minutes for this. I don't know if I can make it happen for 30 minutes! I think doing some "walking on the line" would be a good choice for tomorrow. It would be nice if I could actually find a line other than the lines our laminate create in the flooring. ;) If it's nice, we could always take the activity outside. A second Grace and Courtesy lesson could be good, too. I'll have to look through a list and see. I know the 5yo is not always very good about saying please and thank you, so that could be a fun little role playing game to play.
listen, it's obvious that to make it in the blog world, you have to be:
The YoYo's are only the size of a dime! There are over 18,000 yoyos. Can you believe that! And here is a picture of the lovely quilter. Click on the picture and you should be able to read the story of the quilt.
Labels 18 from Spellbinders is such a nice size for so many cards.
The fried chicken burger offers more promise but we find the chicken a little on the dry side. We're hoping this was just a one-off glitch, because fried chicken in a burger with chilli mayonnaise and slaw should be a guarantee of awesome.
There are no reasons for unreasonable things. They want to know why they left but the fact is that, purely on the spur of the moment, for no good reason, bad reason or any ol’ reason. Now that they’ve left they have the problem of where to go. Beckett would have them go nowhere and end up back where they started from. I do things a little differently. I take them through a wee adventure, not a very taxing one, and settle them with the local ex-madwoman in Rathnerth who takes on the role of their mother and I could have left them there, but where would be the fun in that? Do they get to escape or does their author have something else in store for them? Mercier and Camier felt a presence, the author of their destiny, but what about Milligan and Murphy?
The first time I saw harley Quinn, my jaw dropped because they had taken one of the biggest fixations in my life and made a female version out of it.
Some brides may offer to pay for some of these things, but you should by no means expect it. A normal part of being a bridesmaid is chipping in for your dress, shoes, makeup and hair. Please refer to rule 2. That said, of course everyone has different budgets and we all understand that being in weddings can be expensive. My advice is to speak with your bride about concerns once, at the beginning of planning. After that, try not to burden her. There are lots of ways to get creative with money. A personal gift or small token instead of a big purchase from the registry is perfectly fine. You being in the wedding is enough of a gift to the bride. You can ask your bride if its okay to do your own hair and makeup, or pitch in with other wedding guests to share rooms and transportation. As a last resort, you can opt out of the bachelorette or shower. The bride should understand that if you can only afford one big trip, the wedding is the more important one.
ND - The current contract but the current contract could come to an end at the end of the season.
2095.***E-XI/10/2000. On drawing lots to decide the Presidential election toss-up. Chicago Daily Law Bulletin, November 13, 2000, p. 2; Chicago Tribune, November 15, 2000, sec. 1, p. 20; Hickory Daily Record, Hickory, North Carolina, November 15, 2000, p. 10A; University of Chicago Maroon, November 17, 2000, p. 7; Chicago Sun-Times, November 20, 2000, p. 32 (in an enigmatic form). (Incorporated in Item B-14 (Projected), above, Letter C-16.)
green Leggings – £7
75% of the scenes in the above trailer DO NOT occur in the movie, including Riteish Deshmukh’s rant which would actually have improved the movie to some extent. Based on the number of scenes just shot for this trailer, the movie could well have been a murder mystery and we would have been none the wiser.
So I have a confession: I think it might be more relaxing to cook without a recipe. Now what am I supposed to do? I didn’t start this thing so I could change my habits. I started it to…well, I don’t know why the hell I started it. I certainly did not mean give up my recipe following ways. But what did I expect? The blog is a way to make the daily habit of cooking into a creative endeavor. A decent artist allows herself to be changed by the process of art making, doesn’t she? Otherwise, what’s the point?
"You're pretty brave to be out here in just those arm covers," I heard a fellow runner say to me. Actually, I felt great. Even a little warm. My left hip flexor had started out tight but had loosened up. My left shin felt good, too, once I was a few miles in.
7:20 p.m.
And then I woke up, realizing I had overslept and missed the first half hour of my last class.
If we have a slice of cake, do we skip dinner?
I felt as though simply singing about a different reality could bring it into being, or that you could change people’s thinking through good music. But after less than ten gigs around town, we all went to university or got on with our jobs and lives, and that was that.
Not endless signs of hawkers spew-
After an hour of traffic, we went to Scoops. Stop by if you are ever in HS. It's homemade goodness. But it's not cheap! One scoop is 4.25! Cost us $30 for ice cream. Sheesh!
April 24, 2008 -- Cops in commando gear, armed to the teeth with submachine guns and bomb-sniffing dogs, were on subway platforms and trains this morning on the first day of a federally funded anti-terror drive, drawing stares - and a few complaints - from rush-hour straphangers.
Eating Your Way to the Top (30) – Acquired 30 upgrades through Consumes
I went to Target this morning for sundries and discovered that the store has marked down all Easter supplies to 90% off original price. The section was mostly picked through, but they had a ton of plastic Easter eggs left for a whopping $.09 per bag. Hmmm, I thought, Martian figures? (one of the bags had a nice selection of eggs in greens and blues) Caterpillars? I picked up a bunch and put on my thinking cap when I got home.
I tasted it and made a noise that made my son go, "Mommy! Are you okay????"
YOU wait, with memories drifting,
3. When gushing “I could never do that” be honest with yourself and the crafter in question, finish the sentence with “because I do not have the patience and I am a abject moron.”
Never mind that downtown Greensboro will be practically empty at that hour with no one at work in the bank offices. Nevertheless, some Ecstacy and LSD will be passed around and by the time they make it back to Festival Park, everybody will be ready for a nice nap. Later, fucking do-gooders will arrive to make sure everyone has a place to piss, a place to sleep and something else to eat, just like their mommies have done for them all their precious little lives.
And for what it's worth, I know that a lot of people have privacy concerns over putting down personal information on the preferred-customer cards at grocery stores and elsewhere, but I've never even bothered to return the application form and have never had anyone say anything about my personal information not being in their computer system. So I get all the discounts and none of the creepiness of Big Brother knowing how much food I have stashed away. And if I ever had to actually turn in one of those info cards to continue to get store discounts, my name is Ted Nugent and I live at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. :D
‘‘(i) certified entities; or
-Miz with a sit down clothes line in the corner.
If you really want to develop personally one of the best ways is to get a friend, a coach, or just someone you can trust to give you honest feedback. Tell them what area of your life you are developing and let them be your mirror. Working on personal development over the past year I continually ask my partner and best friend how I’m doing. They know what I’m working on. They know how it manifests itself and they are honest when I miss the mark and when I’m doing well. It’s not easy to hear sometimes, (okay, it’s not easy to hear most of the time) but it’s real. They are the true mirror for me. And they can tell me when I am progressing toward my personal goal. So pick someone who can be an honest, authentic mirror for you.
The reception was a dream, it’s decor was brown and yellow with hints of coral in some places. Everyone loved the centerpieces and the decoration, not to mention my dress. Our first dance was to Cultura Profetica’s “Me faltabas tu” [listen to it here], we declared it our song since we heard it. The ballroom glowed as I had my first dance with my husband and although he was concentrated on not stepping on my dress, he looked handsome and loving.
Broadband planning suffers in states saddled with Connected Nation (a front group for big telcos), or in other states that created maps based almost exclusively on carrier-provided data. It is not in incumbents’ best interest to provide accurate data, so they don’t. Some smaller ISPs don’t provide data for these maps, probably because they don’t trust Connected Nation to prevent big carriers from peeking at competitors’ data. And unless their practice has changed, Connected Nation protects their telco patrons with NDAs that prevent some incumbent data from being presented to the general public.
It's really amazing to me to watch these children of mine grow. Seeing the Pookie go through phases that his sister went through before him, reminds me of how far she's come. Which in turn, reminds me of how far the Pookie's come and where he still will go.
next two days if we buy half a dozen or if there are no buns left, we buy a loaf. Good thing the Market is a good 15 km. bike ride away.
...then I'd be screwed.
Did I play a role in these good things? Yes. I worked hard and, in some cases, experienced significant pain.
Empaths literally feel other people’s emotions, which can be overwhelming. This was a real problem for me for a lot of my life. I was also full of shame – feeling like I wasn’t good enough, no matter what I did to please others or how hard I tried to get them to love me. It took me many years of intense emotional release work (a lot of crying) to clear the shame that was programmed into me since my childhood. Now people are able to clear old emotions and hurts at a fraction of the time. So the bad news is stuff will come up for clearing and the good news is that it doesn’t take years to do it.
I, too, see both sides. The system they have set up in much of the British Commonwealth seems like what this country is going to have to move towards eventually... or maybe there's some other system that will work better.
Let's get personal.
And did I mention
Read just one poem a day.
Back in April, Tor.com gave away a hundred advanced review copies of Glow to anyone who wanted one; I sent in for it and got a copy, which has languished on my shelf until now. While I know the giveaway was to encourage word of mouth before the release tomorrow, I usually read advanced review copies close to their date of release in order to put a review up the day before—I just don’t like posting advanced reviews really early. In any case, the release date snuck up on me, but I managed to spend my Saturday morning in bed reading it, which was absolutely delightful.
Meanwhile Garona will be holding down the fort in Silithus, where our Kor’kron forces will be set in position soon. Patrols already have the Silithus borders covered, so we know the real phylactery is contained. Just a matter of springing the trap there, and this should all finally be over. Still, it’s only a matter of time before word gets out about what’s going on there, so I don’t want to wait on Trap #1 before we set Trap #2. Or vice versa. Whatever. Number the traps in the order that makes you happy. Point is, I want to get the ball rolling on Alcaz Island ASAP. I’m heading back to Orgrimmar now to line up the final details. Updates soon.
Then he left. Immediately my siblings started talking about chemotherapy. I couldn't hear them, I turned to put my arms around my husband and saw the tears in his eyes. I saw my dad looking quietly at the floor.
Title: Sports Engineering in the Olympics: How much difference can it make?
The little boy held his mother’s hand
All these quotes above that support my earlier argument about child labour don't mean the monitoring system and its participants will ever let child labour back in, even under the conditions I discuss in my earlier blog post.
If I had a room dedicated to polish I could handle the neon. But this has to be cute and functional because it is in my "rec room" - that might be a Canadian term but basically it's like a non-formal living room. It's my hang out!
I spend a TON of time on sims. Actually, I love it.
I cunningly left before the part where people volunteer to organise next year's conference but I believe we do have two noble members who stepped forward. It's always fascinating to hear what other people are writing, what hassles they are experiencing, what changes of direction, what shortlistings and awards they have had. It's such a generous bunch, always ready to celebrate colleagues' successes and mourn one another's woes.
“Sir, I am in difficulty. If you give me some blessing?”
The lists were roughly equal:
Finally I found it, but before I could punch up the shelter’s number, I also found his pad and other toys from the shelter. I tossed the pad in Reggie’s direction and he snuffed it and wagged, some of the most enthusiasm I’d seen since bringing him home. But then I called, “Hey, Reggie, you like that? Come here and I’ll give you a treat.” Instead, he sort of glanced in my direction – maybe “glared” is more accurate – and then gave a discontented sigh and flopped down. With his back to me.
Passengers can ask to speak to supervisors or customer support managers at an airport, contact the TSA Contact Center, submit feedback through “Talk-to-TSA” online or file a civil rights complaint through its website, the agency said.
Immigrants are blamed for taking our jobs, or conversely are accused of being benefits scroungers living off the Welfare State. Well, if they are in the country, they will either be working or claiming benefits, so this line of attack is really pointless. If they work, they are accused of taking jobs which belong to the people, but if they don't, they are attacked for not working! Never is the question asked as to why they are here, and who brought them here.
on the Horizon
My Autistic superpowers are creativity, gab, art, computer skills on the software end mostly.
Okay. So, why did Morrie’s wife speak in quotes, but Mitch didn’t? Is Mitch just thinking rather than speaking, but if so, why did she answer him verbally?
I was able to use 4 of the 5 pieces of dsp (which were double sided). I also used the sunshine die cut for the front of the card along with 3 of the buttons. I challenged myself to decorate the inside of the card....(I love how the girls in this challenge group so often do this and do it so well...)
The trick
In general, infants just learning to walk do not need shoes. Infants may go barefooted indoors, or wear only a pair of socks. This helps the foot grow normally and develop its muscles and strength as well as encourages the grasping ability of toes.
Me: "Right now?"
Travelling through Bruce’s America is travelling the back roads of a nation whose forefront as the world’s economic superpower is only just now on shaky ground. The song’s settings – dead-end small towns, blue-collar workers, discharged soldiers, unwanted immigrants, and vast stretches of highway – highlight a place reminiscent of John Steinbeck’s America. It is the underbelly of the American dream that Bruce Springsteen lovingly lays bare.
“Stewart International Airport is used by the New York Air National Guard and United States Air Force, according to the complaint, and it stores aircraft used to transport military supplies and personnel to the military in Iraq and Afghanistan.”
4, Form veggie patties to desired size and place in flour to lightly coat.
to be transported. Gaol fever was rife and life on board ship was harsh; what happens to
What I love about the Craft it Forward is that we have a whole year to sort it out so no pressurising short term deadlines. Also the gift received is a surprise! Although it would be good to check out your participant's blog so you can get an idea of what they are into - as Sue must have done to sort me out such a delightful needlecase!
The weather was perfectly HOT and the ceremony was quite amazing and definitely meaningful for everyone there.
similar problems such as erratic behavior, rages, compulsions and
I signed the contract. My whole reason for going – not wanting to be a wuss – is the only thing that kept me moving forward with this ridiculous plan. How much of a wuss would I be if I turned around and went back to the hotel now? I’d never live it down!
Seriously– it’s not worth it. No boy that you meet in middle school has earned that privilege, so tell him to keep his hands to himself. Have a little respect for yourself. Don’t use the word “love” loosely.
Even today, given a chance many still do not hesitate to shift all the blame on the colonial regime for most of the ills existing in Indian society, especially for dividing the country. The British government even today is being accused of making a mockery of civilisation and its principles by its hypocritical actions. But now their place is taken over by our own country brethren, the only difference being ‘hypocritical action’ is directed against their own countrymen.
and couldn't leave until I'd seen
Karen Friedman thinks it's a mistake when two men show up asking about her dead husband's business, but millions of dollars don't disappear by accident—and all trails lead to Charles. Then detective Ty Hauck makes a discovery while investigating a suspicious hit-and-run—a clue that shockingly points to Charles. As Karen's and Hauck's lives converge, they unwittingly step into a widening storm of hedge fund losses, international scams, and deadly conspiracies.
New data from the U.S. Census Bureau shows the percentage of men between the ages of 25 and 34 living at home rose from 14 percent in 2005 to 19 percent in 2011. Women, on the other hand, are doing just fine. Not only do they dominate today’s college campuses, they have little trouble staying away from mom and dad’s place. That’s because women are flourishing in the workforce while men are not. Writers and pundits blame this phenomenon on the economy, but the trend reflects a much larger sociological problem. America is in the midst of a sea change: Never before has it been more difficult for men and women to find their way to one another, settle in for the long haul, and build strong families together.
Second Yoga Jeans come in three rises, low, mid & high and are also available in skinny, straight and bootcut. Yoga Jeans also come in several washes. I got their Yoga 65 High Rise Boot Cut Jeans in the Forest wash and they look and feel great!
Matthew Frenette - Drums
Whether or not I play Canon in D on the harp is the third most common question I hear, after "Do you really lift that thing yourself?" and "Do you play at weddings?" ("Yes" is also the answer to those questions.)
Well, I'm a little confused. You see, I wrote the person handling our case at the agency 1 month ago asking if everything was in, and she said "yes". I specifically asked her this question because we never received any of the copies of our state or federal clearances for me to keep track with.
Now, after studying so much last night, I get to take a nap as soon as I post this. Hoorah for overly cautious school administrators! Of course, shortly after I got home there were emails about rescheduling the tests for next week. But still.
The anti-Communist control mechanism reaches through the system to exercise a profound influence on the mass media. In normal times as well as in periods of Red scares, issues tend to be framed in terms of a dichotomized world of Communist and anti-Communist powers, with gains and losses allocated to contesting sides, and rooting for “our side” considered an entirely legitimate news practice. It is the mass media that identify, create, and push into the limelight a Joe McCarthy, Arkady Shevchenko, and Claire Sterling and Robert Leiken, or an Annie Kriegel and Pierre Daix. The ideology and religion of anticommunism is a potent filter.
” Please, everybody please! ” Please vote for the BEST! “It’s about finding the BEST! “
“Leave the man alone. He got voice of angel.”
Then Saturday afternoon and Sunday were spent doing some spring cleaning yard work – pruning bushes, thatching the grass, cutting the perennials that I didn’t get a chance to cut in the fall, watering everything since this beautiful weather means no snowfall or rainfall. Every day new things start to bloom and it’s making me so excited for summer!
If the second set goes, we'll just
Memily LOVES playing with all her friends.
Although he’s been sitting up for a good six weeks now, just today Judah got himself up into the seated position (from laying down) all on his own. It was fun to watch, and looked completely effortless and natural.
Like a word, the closer you look, the more the familiarity fades and you aren’t so sure it’s right. Your mind tells you it is right but on a deeper level you question the randomness of combining letters into words, features into faces, into symbols and beauty that can even spark wars.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
With a couple of monks who utterly stunk
And standing there in the dressing room, everything certainly seemed fine. Actually, I don't ever just STAND in a dressing room when I'm trying on potential "harp clothes." I sit down and stretch my arms forward to make sure I can move. I squat to make sure I don't split anything out when I lift and load the harp. I twist around to make sure I have enough give in the sleeves to quickly turn pages of music on the stand in front of me. I bend down in front of the mirror to make sure nothing is...ahem...visible...from all sorts of angles. Then I jump up and down a little, just for fun. Dressing room monitors must love it when I try on clothes. Anyway, the dress passed the tests.
Even though our April scrapbook kit is sold out you have one last chance to get your hands on one. Artful Delight will be sponsoring over at Sketch Inspiration next week. I will have more details soon.
With ceilings at least 15 feet high, all the heat goes straight up there ..
Now, I am not suggesting that we do this consciously, although some parents undoubtedly do so; I just think that as humans we are somehow wired this way, to get caught up in the heat and passion of a moment and try to "win" so we can get our way or fulfill our wants and needs.
Length: 5 CDs (Approximately 5 hours 10 minutes)
Setting up a publishing house costs money and Ann had come into some from her grandfather's property in East Berlin after the wall came down. Most people in the insecure profession of writing would have put it into a pension or bought a modest house. Ann put it all into setting up Barn Owl Books.
Knowing that to our souls
Easter Weekend
What I admire about Dalaras is that he is a huge collaborator and as a musician who stretches his wings. He doesn't stick to one style of Greek music as you will see from the below clips.
Pro:
But this particular beer was made for celebration, marking the 50th anniversary of the Drie Fonteinen restaurant and geuze blender. Located in the the heart of Payottenland south-west of Brussels, known to quality beer lovers as Lambicland, in the village of Beersel, and on the web at www.3fonteinen.be Easy get to online as well as in the real world as Beersel is just a short train ride from the Brussels South Station.
Why is Red and White so popular? Why is it a powerful combination?
Not living where you live;
This will be a quick hair post, because I know my blog sisters will be posting shortly about their experiences at the Atlanta Hair Show. Nonetheless, I’ve recently become concerned about heat damage. My natural hair texture is about 3b- soft, thick, curly, and spirally. I’ve sported this natural texture for most of my life except for about three years from 6th through 9th grade when I let social pressure push me to relax my hair. I grew out my perm in high school through a process that involved conditioning, hard pressing and cutting at least two inches every two weeks. Since then, I’ve been determined to keep my hair straight (85% of the time) without the perm. This has involved years of pressing, which transitioned to years of flat ironing, and now I just blow dry and curl. In modern terms, I’ve successfully heat trained my hair. Heat training, also known as ‘heat damage’, occurs when your hair’s natural curl structure has been altered as a result of prolonged exposure to heat. Hair is often straighter even in its natural state. Here’s a snap shot of what my curls look like now after washing and setting over night.
On February 1st, 2010 we finally got our own place where we could meet to discuss plans for our oral history project. We are currently located at the Brooklyn Public Library on Eastern Parkway between Utica Avenue and Schenectady Avenue. The room is very spacious and it has everything we might possibly need: Chairs, table space, a chalkboard and silence.
9) Hey, can i butt into your personal life? +
Have you ever suppressed a gag when meeting someone for the first time?
“She had a symbol for protection and for love woven together. Funny, the protection
I am the Life,
Light, whispy tufts of spray paint and thick wrinkled blobs, puddles, make up the surfaces of Morris’ paintings. Areas are thinned down to a wash with turpentine. Shapes overlap literally as puddles, or thick pudding skins, are laid down and piled on one another.
And it will get even better in 2012. Africa is favorably positioned to become the 2nd fastest growing region in the world, and according to the International Monetary Fund (IMF), economic growth across the 54 countries of the continent will hover around 6% in 2012.
If you live in the UK you can purchase Sandbells from EXF Perform better (www.exf-fitness.com) they are the official distributors of the product. For training, demonstrations or certified education – We are you port of call. The Fitness Retreat will be the international training team. Covering The UK and Europe.
wasn't too far behind!
I seem to work a lot of late shifts, often running into the early hours and then I’m wide awake until a time where most are getting up to start their own days.
Slice apples (I only did two apples) to make them look like french fries. Coat in cinnamon and sugar. Place sugared slices onto a pan, bake for 10 minutes. *make sure whatever you place the apples on has sides to it. The apples give a lot of liquid that will spill over the sides and make a lot of smoke. Yes..... I learned this from experience.....
Could I get some help? When I ask this of my class of 3rd thru 6th graders at AWANA, every hand raises before I even say what I need help with. But when we stand at the pulpit and ask for help from the congregation…not near so many hands are raised. Sometimes it feels like pulling teeth to get people to help out.
You can have this experience at home with Forever's Stovetop Espresso Maker. Using a pressurized steam system to force pressurized gaseous water through the coffee beans, you won't be able to tell its espresso from store bought. It's so good, in fact, that world espresso champion Drea du Mandionne always takes one with her when she is camping. Her taste is unimpeachable, so this is clearly a quality item.
Not that I can remember anyway. He's just a little skittish.
It was also on this tour that Vincent was involved in a car crash near Chippenham, Wiltshire; he survived, but it caused more damage to his twisted leg. A local policeman, PC David Harman, was the first to the scene, where he discovered the crash had killed Cochran, Vincent's co-star and best friend. Unbelievably, the tour continued. In Glasgow he was in terrible pain and rubbed his left shoulder throughout the show before collapsing - doctors then discovered he'd broken his collar bone in the crash. To get out of the rest of the tour, Vincent forged a telegram that said his daughter Melody had died of pneumonia. By the time the promoters found she was alive and well, Vincent was back in the States.
And, finally, this whole concept of proportionality exists in international law only in situations where you know that you’re going to harm non-dangerous people. It’s not relevant in other circumstances. This is designed for situations where noncombatants will be hurt and in those circumstances the commander in the field must weigh the benefits and the damage. The questions of proportionality are clear only at the extremes. Between those extremes, only the commander in the field can weigh the balance. It’s very hard to give him a formula.
Our gardener suggested putting a radio set on a low volume into the beds.
Hey America, Sam Sparks here! Not really (and if you haven't seen Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs, you are now just confused)...Aubrey from All Things Bright and Beautiful! And yes, my sense of humor will be pretty much like that throughout the whole post (c:
For now, it is set up to automatically post the links to new blog entries.
Friday (March 16)--- I went to art class and then went to the church,because we have game night every firday.
The internet and new technologies have helped to connect marginalized groups and give the power of production to oppositional narratives. However it is important to remember that as communication technology allows for globalized efforts against the growing forces of capitalism, the connections are taking place on products that are a part of a very exploitative and environmentally damaging globalized process. This is a process of outsourcing labor, exploiting mineral resources, and exporting hazardous waste that poisons whole communities from their air to their drinking water. It is important to understand where globalization from the bottom is taking place, and that is in the middle of a globalization that is in the hands of multinational corporations.
You need water to burn calories. Without it your body’s metabolism will slow down. Drinking water will help you burn more calories and flush the toxins out of your body faster, making it run more smoothly.
5th row. front and center.
The beige bottle with the green cap is Paula's Choice AHA 10% for the body. Why not? It's summer and I still haven't "de-scaled" from the Winter months. I bought two since these were half price. They are redesigning the bottles. I'm guessing that the price will go up as well. I'm thinking that maybe I should order more? The bottle is only 8 ounces but I've found that a little goes agood enough way in covering myself. The only folly I see with this product is no SPF. So in my thinking and questioning how will I get the most out of this product. I take morning showers.My greasy hair demands it. I wear an SPF all over every day so if I apply the AHA 10% first, then apply the SPF second? Will this cause a chemical breakdown of either products efficacy? Or I could take nightly showers and apply the 10% AHA lotion to freshly cleansed skin and won't have to worry about a second layer. I'm still deciding if I want to change my whole routine for just some damn lotion. I'm leaning towards the change of taking nightly showers and just wash my hair in the morning because who doesn't want smooth KP-free arms and even toned bum? :P
Score arranged by David Matthews
No and I can tell you why. The Mayans had several methods to count time, one of them for very long periods, the "Long Count Calender": one Day is a K'in, 20 days are a called Winal, 18 Winals are a Tun (about one year), 20 Tuns are a K'atun and 20 K'atuns are one B'ak'tun. So year one, day one would look like this: 0.0.0.0.0 (0 B'ak'tun, 0 K'atun, 0 Tun, 0 Winal, 0 K'in). If you do the math and keep on counting Dec 21st 2012 looks like this: 13.0.0.0.0
Old job: I've been editing rheumatology manuscripts for the past 4 years and I'm really not going to miss that part at all, but I will miss my coworkers. If you're one of them, you should comment/email and let me know how we can keep in touch! (And no, they're not letting me keep the lobster suit. NOT THAT I'VE ASKED.)
Whatever it is I am ready for a break now. Ah yes, I hear you laugh. It's Christmas in a few days! Ok so I'll have a break after Christmas and New Year. Hmm nup, can't do that either! As we have the Nevus Conference and Camp right after. We are driving there. The estimation is between 10 to 12 hours. Fun! Chaos.
So here I present you with the best, the most fascinating, the most delightful series of books in the entire world:
The debate on the table, however, is regarding the women’s choice, because in this case the system actually got the finalists right with three women who truly had outstanding seasons (Valerie Adams, Sally Pearson & Vivian Cheruiyot) – making the choice an extremely tough one. I know because it was the same choice I found myself forced to make when making my own AOY selections.
Transport - Free car parking in the nearby industrial park providing you arrive early. It's either that or the train - good luck with the crowds.
Also, this week, I will be announcing, on Thursday, my next
Dear Diary:
@Chipo
And this?
Enter:
In the future I'll have more stuff to feature about my own projects, but for now, This is what I got.
It is ironic that even though innovation is worshipped today, the environment is most conducive to imitation. Technology has brought people extremely close. They share ideas, information and even have similar sets of needs. So there is ample scope for multiple companies to make it big by copying one another.
But text mining and mirror reading are not so useful in the case of Romans because Paul isn’t writing to a church he founded, and because of that, he pulls his punches, tones down his language and works much more subtly than in, say, Galatians or 1 Corinthians. So scholars who simply look for the specifics of the letter or mirror read into it find some of the reasons Paul writes, but not the core issue. So, yes, he wanted support for his proposed trip to Spain, and yes, he wanted to address divisions within the Roman church, and yes, he wanted prayer, if not money, for his collection for Jerusalem.
I would even dare to say that I don't believe that the "Great Commission" is the most important thing in the life of a follower of Christ.
I am glad to have found in Iaido something so different and personally challenging - there is always something new to fix and adjust. I am not saying it doesn't happen in karate, but when trying to learn something new, all of the "subtle" adjustments that you can do on the fly normally just seem that much more important and that much more difficult.
After all, in addition to the uncanny experience of seeing your buildings, streets, sidewalks, and even trees repeated on the other side of the world, "creating an exact duplicate of a city may not be legal, according to Hans-Jörg Kaiser from Icomos Austria, the national board for monument preservation under UNESCO. 'The legal situation still needs to be examined,' he said. Building new structures based on photographs is legal, he explained, but owners must give their permission for them to be measured."
Sally Learoyd, the RSPCA’s equine rehoming officer, said: “Over the past year we’ve seen a huge increase in the amount of horses being disowned or allowed to get into an appalling state because the trade in horses has collapsed.”
So, if Clevelanders like to name totally unconnected streets with the same name, why do they name streets that continue with no break with different names? McKinley Avenue becomes Larchmont after you cross Madison Avenue and Larchmont becomes Granger after you cross Detroit. Morrison becomes Westwood after you cross Madison and turns into Summit after your cross Detroit.
4. “Everything will be OK.” (You don't know that)
10.) You’re somehow stranded on an island with only 3 books for company—what are they?
18 oz Lactose Sugar (15 Min.)
Anyways have another to share with you soon, and another
will affect how you deal with it. With immigration, there are many
Here is just one very small sample of the numerous passages—pick a page, any page!—that moved me:
How far along?: 32.5 weeks.
The Śrīmad Bhāgavatam will now begin a “sequel” to the Mahābhārata, again illustrating that it is the culmination of everything important and revered in classical Indian civilization. Besides providing a sequel to the beloved Mahābhārata, it is also an elaboration upon the purport of the Gayatrī Mantra, a clarification of the conclusion of Vedānta-Sūtra, and an illustration of the principles and conclusions of Bhagavad-Gītā. The Gayatrī Mantra is the zenith of Vedic Mantras, so by elaborating on the Gayatrī the Bhāgavatam effectively elaborates upon the entire body of Vedic Mantra. The Gītā and especially the Vedānta-Sūtra is the crème of the Upanishads, so by expanding upon these the Bhāgavatam expands upon the Upanishads.
It makes me feel like a stripper who is preforming in a low class club. I'm trying to do flashes and teases while the audience wants immediate gratification.
4. Avoid Polycarbonate plastics for warm foods or liquids. These plastic containers should be marked with a number 7 on the bottom or the letters “PC”. When packing up leftovers, look for plastics labeled #1, #2 or #4 as these are generally healthier and don’t contain BPA.
If you watched the programme, you will have seen Dr Mosley undertake a ‘blood fat’ test. He had his blood taken before and after a full breakfast and the fat in the blood was measured. What I found interesting was you could see the fat sitting ‘on top’ of the blood; this fat, if not controlled, is on route (via your blood) to your vital organs…
Endlessly patient, clear, available, most gentle but not adverse to a rib nudging when necessary saved me deeply from myself the other day.
Acupuncture is an ancient form of Chinese medicine used to treat skin from the inside out. The fundamental concept is one of balance, like “yin” and “yang”. The idea is to balance the body through restoring the natural flow of energy, Qi (pronounced chi), in the body. Acupuncture is believed to move energy within the body, resulting in bringing blood to the face as well as stimulating collagen and elastin.
Very little is known about the Presocratics, the loosely-defined group of ancient philosophers who, as one might imagine, predated Socrates and Plato. The writings and alleged ideas of these philosophers is fragmentary, consisting mainly of anecdotal evidence from later philophers and historians. Many of these accounts may not even be entirely accurate, and much of the accounts themselves has been lost through the ages. But what exists hopefully gives us a general idea of what the Presocratics believed, and stands as a testament of the movement away from the theological (as it relates to the ancient Greek gods) accounts of history, mankind, and the nature of things, towards argument, critical thinking, scientific inquiry, and metaphysical questions.
A recent case in the Patents County Court for England and Wales concerned the nature and scope of copyright protection for a computer manipulated monochrome photograph of a bright red bus going over Westminster Bridge. The photograph may be of a specific subject matter but the case has much wider implications for the worlds of photography and graphic design.
Iván - What is your favorite local find? Where did you get this item – how long have you had it?
An interesting piece on the Transition Culture website on a transition take on the big society by Rob Hopkins and Peter Lipman looking at the concerns about and opportunities from David Camerons ‘Big Society’ proposals.
The addendum, in red ink when the rest of the note was in black, of "not a reading session" just corked me right off. Number one, he can't tell me what to do on my break. He can limit the time and frequency within law, surely. He can, legally, require me to stay on the business property during said break, unless it's a lunch break. He cannot tell me I can't read a book.
For some reason my most creative ideas come to me in the shower. I wish I had some receptacle, other than my very overloaded mind, in which to collect them, because they come flowing in and then are all washed out with the last of the suds. Perhaps one day someone will obligingly invent a recording device embedded in a shower head …except that when it malfunctions all those carefully hoarded ideas might be washed out with the next jet of water.
with just the random pitter-pat
But does this make any sense? Does making arbitrary rules help a child prepare for the inevitable unfairness of nature? Is a 10:00 curfew unfair in the same way as a Category 5 hurricane, or a sudden strike by Cancer?
In the opening chapter of Genesis we hear the story of Creation. God speaks the worlds into existence. With each day of Creation, we hear God’s judgment, “It is good.” The goodness of the created order is a fundamental tenet of the Christian faith. What God has brought into existence is good: He is not the author of evil. Existence is declared to be good. Thus God sustains all things in their existence, for He does not remove us from the goodness He has given. We may wonder why God allows somethings to continue in existence, but He does so because He Himself is good and does not begrudge us the gift of goodness.
The finalists competed one by one, and Suzanne dove in first with her “Whoop, There It Is,” a delicious combo of sake, muddled blackberries, homemade ginger syrup, lemon juice and vodka served up in a cocktail glass with a fresh blackberry. Suzanne has a very intuitive approach to drink-making, and she seemed to know immediately what flavors she needed to put together—this drink could easily go onto Castagna’s menu today.
Writers : Roy Frumkes, Rocco Simonelli
4 oz semi-sweet chocolate
Oh, and while CBS is stepping heavily on the toes of Lisbeth Salander fans with this odd new show, it may also be offering offense to a real-life female civic leader. Quean is set in Oakland, California, where the first female mayor in that city’s history is now presiding. The female mayor, a Chinese American, is named Jean Quan.
Robert W Chambers – The Yellow Sign
We played on the swing, ran around the play ground, climbed up the rock wall and went down the slide. then it hit me.
He says he had the emergency dentures to stop his face “falling apart” after 35 years on the thrash.
In Europe, the spotlight has shifted from Greece to Italy as investors around the world bail out of Italian government bonds, driving interest rates above the 7% threshold that, by general consent, separates investments from junk. There’s a new Italian government, and a new Greek government, and no doubt there will be new governments in other countries before long, but since nobody is willing to do the one thing that will fix the problem—that is, admit that debts that can’t be paid will, in fact, not be paid, and allow the banks that unwisely lent money to deadbeat nations to go under, as capitalist economic theory says they should—changing governments won’t change anything significant. I wish more people remembered what happened the last time European governments put allegiance to a global financial regime ahead of the needs of their own people; that was in the wake of the 1929 stock market crash, for those who need a reminder. We’ll talk more about that down the road a bit.
At the end, you are left wanting to know what will happen next, especially with the main character's relationship with his mother, a former Roman Catholic nun who leaves the convent to marry and returns there many years later after her husband's death.
tickle torcher until we there self
He still had a weakness, though. If his confidence dropped so did his power levels. He was possibly of huge feats of strength, but it was always possible that they could fail. And for a guy who always strives to do the right thing, and be seen as The Good Guy, there were many plausible and interesting ways a writer could manipulate to use that advantage against him.
The first page begins with a giant papal crucifix erected by the railway platform at Birkenau. The chapter then proceeds to discuss the controversy surrounding the commemoration of those murdered at the camp. Ultimately, the author asserts, the conflict over crosses at Auschwitz illustrates the presence of a Christian-Jewish dialectic going back to the first century.
By the way, have you noticed the new layout? Well you can thank Elton over at Elton Says Things for that. He created that nice spangled banner up there, which I feel has really livened this place up. In a show of appreciation, I urge you to visit his Blog which is really very, very good.
Sign Up By: March 11th!
Then I was flat on my back. I had the sparkly checkerboards of recovering consciousness dancing around the edges of my vision, and Jeff was standing over me. He looked genuinely concerned as he played the instrumental part while tapping me with his foot.
But bad means bad, and it can only get better, right?
I've been a fan of the H. P. Lovecraft Historical Society for years. I've snatched up their Dark Adventure Radio CDs, their Prop Collection .pdf CD-ROMs, and have always looked forward to their vendor table at the Festival. Seeing their The Call of Cthulhu on the Hollywood Theatre a few years ago was a fantastic experience, and I know we've all been counting down the days until we could see The Whisperer... at the HPLFF.
Although not a color, floral was next with 13 per cent, followed by green and cream each at 11 per cent. Pink and purple - 10 per cent - red, yellow, orange - four per cent - and black - two per cent - were next.
In the fading light, the latter, now an abandoned hollow shell, its mullioned stone windows open to the elements and the doorways gated with iron bars, is eerily imposing. Built by Warham to rival Cardinal Wolsey’s palace at Hampton Court, it is just as ostentatious in its construction of red brick, with stone quoins and blue brick diamond diapering. I peer through the doorway into the gloom: the floor is littered with rubbish and detritus. But looking up, a first floor fireplace, framed by a stone arch and with typically Tudor diagonal brickwork to the back wall, hints at the sumptuous splendour of its heyday.
and carry the meaning of the past in today's modern, fast paced world.
My challenge (and this is as much for me as everyone else) is: this week, as you give feedback to friends and other writing peers, be as generous in your praise as you are in your critique. That doesn't mean you praise insincerely--but find things to genuinely celebrate in the writing of others.
Does my silence empower me or devalue me?
Place back in oven for an additional 5 minutes, just to melt cheese. Veggies will still be crisp and not over cooked. If you like veggies cooked more then you will want to roast separately while crust is roasting. Pizza on right is the kids cheese pizza.
A helicopter ride had long been an item on Busy-And-Important-Husband’s bucket list. Me? Terrified of them. Flying eggbeaters aren’t my idea of a good time, but just as I was about to utter an unequivocal ‘no’, he pulled out the trump card.
Prep time 30 mins
But to be back to Easter eggs with this motive.. Some of them I decorated with sprinkled dotts some with acryl reliefs, but all are varnished and polish to the high shine and decorated with satin or chiffon ribbon.
Breathe. Feel your breath come in and out.
So, I stopped. But that isn't the only reason.
Forgive
Alan was the lead poet and creator, of The 1000 Verse Renga Project in partnership with Bath Libraries (U.K.) and supported by the BBC Poetry Season website.
He won't. I'm going to make it my life's work to see that other women, just like me, get help. I went to food shelves to feed my kids while my ex-husband and his shiny wife bought new iPhones and Kindles and new cars and got new windows on their house. I lost my house while my ex-husband and his shiny wife went on trips and ate out at 5 star restaurants and bought diamonds and designer dogs. But you know what?
Social conservatives are against abortion, they’ve made that abundantly clear. So in an attempt to avoid unwarranted pregnancies and the associated abortions, birth control pills were created. Yay!! But wait, social conservatives are also against birth control. Hmm…that doesn’t seem to add up. How do we stop from having unwanted pregnancies if we don’t use birth control (the Catholic Church is also anti-condom)? Oh, right, abstinence is the answer; because that is a realistic approach to the worldwide problem of HIV and AIDS, as well and overpopulation and unwanted pregnancies worldwide (ironically, abortion numbers would actually decline if birth control was cheaper or more widely available). Wrong, wrong, wrong.
Pairings: Cheese: Camebert, Fontina
OH, my Isabelle - we have called her Izzy, Elle, Ellie Bellie, and up until just 2 months ago, she was the baby! I'll never forget my pregnancy miracle with her and how God healed her, which you can read about in the beginning of this post. And you can read about her birth here. We are SO blessed to have her in our family!
So, Welcome to Whimsical Wednesday -
TREAT AS URGENT,
hundreds and thousands or sugar pearls to decorate
“We have to make sure we love each other more than we love…nationality…”
Cool dude…..hahaha
Living for nothing, hoping for something,
The cowboys made of rattlesnake hide
When the boys first moved in here (some thousand years ago), they were used to eating instant dinners, fast food, and junk, junk, junk. I figured that was easy and what with life being short, I bought Hamburger Helpers, Instant Potatoes, Corndogs, and whatever looked convenient.
Module 8 provides an in-depth exploration of service-orientation, service-oriented architecture and SOA design patterns, including those that relate to the Enterprise Service Bus (ESB) and Orchestration.
Bob Dylan – Billy #4 - Soundtrack: Pat Garrett and Billy The Kid
To start us off, here are my goals:
MEARA MO, BRIEN AO, FEELY E, CONLON M. Influenza A outbreak in a community hospital. Ir Med J 2006; 99: 175-177.
A lot has changed in the 40 years since Dark Shadows has left the air. Television, movies, music and comics are very different, often slicker and more sophisticated. Still, there was a special feeling in the air that fades with the passing of each individual who brought their own personal stamp to the work they produced.
And it took me a while
The political impasse in Washington, DC was never more clear than in the back to back statements by President Obama and Speaker of the House Boehner. It may well be that more centrist Democrats and Republicans could find common ground except for the GOP's Tea Party-elected candidates who have drawn the line at any tax increases. While it may be an economic crisis that is ungovernable, or a perfect storm of economic and political crises, the perception continues that their is a leadership crisis and that President Obama is unable to get plus political Now Andrew Malcolm in the LA Times reports that the President's Democratic Liberal base has crumbled. It would appear this has resulted from disaffection over the administration's failure to create jobs and the hundreds of billions given to corporations as part of the financial bail out that haven't delivered any results except for executives at the highest levels. More from Malcolm and the Pew Research Poll here Left stalwarts such as Sen. Bernie Sanders from Vermont are calling for the President to stand for a primary challenge: "I think it would be a good idea if President Obama faced some primary opposition."
Due to the screen size limitations of the phone, many of the applications display content in a list view ( e.g. Twitter, Facebook etc). Android does not have an easy way to scroll up , so if I want to see the topmost tweet in a list of 100, i have to swipe up multiple times.
Yeh. For anyone who heard my latest
Updated: 2011-03-19
to the place where I will abandon fear
We are not talking single belly-laughs at specific jokes here. We are talking uncontrollable giggles at the character, the performance and nuances of the script/ad libs. And the whole audience was very definitely laughing WITH not at the character of Wilfredo – a spittle-spewing, slightly seedy Spanish singer and would-be Lothario.
A few days later, Friedemann entered Stevens Hall off the school’s collegiate quad to find Romney marching out of his own room ahead of a prep school posse shouting about their plan to cut Lauber’s hair. Friedemann followed them to a nearby room where they came upon Lauber, tackled him and pinned him to the ground. As Lauber, his eyes filling with tears, screamed for help, Romney repeatedly clipped his hair with a pair of scissors.
“Nobody was in one piece. Hands, legs and body parts were scattered everywhere. Those who were away from the fuel tanker were badly burnt.”
Check back later this weekend for a full article on the event, and my post-event notes.
Breadbar had been testing ground for arguably the pioneer of pop-up restaurants in LA, Ludo Lefebvre with his original Ludo Bites leading the way just a few short years ago. This past Monday, Breadbar took the concept to a whole new level with a one-night-only, blinding line-up of culinary luminaries from Michael Cimarusti (Providence, Water Grill) to Hiroyuki Urasawa (Urasawa) to Walter Manzke (Church & State, Bastide), serving up a five-course meal to benefit Ibaraki prefecture, hometown of Breadbar head chef Noriyuki Sugie, which was devastated along with so many others in the recent earthquake and tsunami in Japan.
and was in college at UCSC (University of California at Santa Cruz). Since she mentions J.J. Cale and Sun Ra, she is probably talking about 1990 since that is when
So what does freedom look like in our house?
Before his death, Newton had scrawled Marcus' name in the last page, and with it a clue and a code. Marcus discovers how lines from the past will intersect with the future. But what he can’t determine is his own fate and how that path will cross with powerful people determined to control the ultimate destiny of everyone on earth. Only one other man ever learned the secret Marcus now knows...and it’s a secret that Isaac Newton took to his grave.
Make sure you never find yourself in this situation. Take a few moments to connect with your insurance agent. It will be well worth it.
I met Traci for the first time at a dance at the beginning of February 2004. She paid much more attention to my son Brendan than she did to me. Brendan was 8 years old at the time, and while his 11-year-old sister enjoyed the dancing immensely, he was not having any fun at all and was making this fact abundantly clear to me as I tried to reason with him in the kitchen at the church hall. “Just another 15 minutes, Brendan,” I said. “They’re taking a break then and that’s when we’ll go.” He was starting to work himself into a major fit when Traci, after sussing up the situation from across the room, swooped in, got down to Brendan’s level and engaged him in a way his ornery old dad could not. I think I fell in love with her at that very moment.
Please make a note that your list of required due diligence items will grow over time and you may end up with a box — if not boxes of documents. Why? Because during the process, new information is discovered, additional back up documents are required and requested and…the deal may be renegotiated or restructured. You will start your review, if not completely over, from somewhere in the middle and continue with the same fast approaching deadlines.
Away all your pain
First, there has to be some sort of online real estate that you have possession of meaning a website or blog in hand. Beginner websites with less than 1,000 visitors a day is not going to see much return and more likely is going to sink heavily if there isn’t much stipulation placed in the market that is being sought after. Top trafficked websites that are attracting more than 5,000 visitors a day may not even be making $100 dollars in adsense a day because the niche that is being occupied is dissolved or unprofitable. Choose a market that shows potential, and makes you feel more comfortable to create more usability for readers.
This was my first experience reading anything by Kathy Hepinstall, however after reading Blue Asylum I will have to catch up. She certainly captured my interest as Blue Asylum kept my Kindle in constant use. Anyone interested in the rights of women, and the social inequities that was prevalent during the late 19th century will embrace this with zeal. Kathy Hepinstall has a fluid style, a natural cadence to her writing with an intriguing plot.
Perhaps it’s because Shadowmagic was so disappointing that I liked Glow as much as I did; I was expecting your now traditional young adult novel. You know, pretty cover, shoe-horned love triangle between the “good” boy and the “bad” boy, lots of flash, little substance. But Ryan surprised me here by examining gender and sex in a futuristic culture where it is your duty to bear children, because how else will the human race survive? And it’s this focus on child-bearing (and thus sex) that complicates the lives of the girls on both ships. On the Empyrean, a focus on sex has the adult men ogling and even abusing the teenage girls, which is rightly depicted as disgusting, but the New Horizon’s focus on rearing children can be just as damaging. At one point, Waverly’s eggs are harvested without her consent; as someone tries to justify it, she sullenly likens it to rape, which shuts them up quickly—part of Mather’s motivation for raiding the Empyrean was saving the girls from a crew she knew would abuse them.
Why do Koreans mourn the death of Kim Jong-Il? It’s because of his courageous defiance of U.S. domination, his commitment to the reunification and the real accomplishments of socialism. In the face of those who wage war for exploitation and oppression, Kim’s decisions represented the aspirations of Korean workers, peasants, women and children – the united Korean nation – for freedom. Although Kim Jong Il has passed away, the Korean people will continue to march forward raising the banner of national reunification, self-determination and revolution.
Smithsonian Institute in Washington. In Steinhauer’s interpretation of Hampton’s shrine, the aluminum-wrapped components become electricity conductors. Using 4×5 analong film process, Steinhauer captures the ethereal electric charges. Large prints of these images are up on display. The second work in the installation is a series of kinetic sculptures composed of common household appliances and furniture that rotate, begin and stop seemingly at random. The audio component to this installation is comprised of low frequency beats produces with synthesizers and keyboards.
The following exchange of emails occurred very late in the semester, in early December. Dr. McGuire’s grading to this point had been harsh. It was pretty clear that she intended to give me a very poor grade for the semester. I was slow to defend myself. But eventually it seemed that I had really better speak up.
and there was a new voice
My answer – and one of the reasons I am writing this blog – is that the process of learning any foreign language has pitfalls and shortcuts. If you have taught your own native language, then you are uniquely armed to navigate these pitfalls and use the shortcuts. In the course of this blog, I will post articles on items of English structure to help my faithful readers understand English better, not to be able to teach it, but to understand the mental “infrastructure” that each English-speaker brings to the task of learning another language.
“This does not mean that if they withdraw from any inch of land, we will refrain from spreading our rule over it. Every inch of land without relinquishing an inch. This is our goal and our motto. We will never give it up.
In conclusion, they will make a movie about anything, our custodian is a fly killer, Betty Crocker is full of nuts, soy free cheese sucks and it's best not to be absent on ice cream day.
Secondly, this is Shakespeare and it never does to underrate him. The play raises many questions and sets up an interesting scenario. An intelligent, opinionated woman is constantly unfavourably compared to her bland, simpering, younger sister by her father and others. She becomes not just wayward but wild with frustration and spite. Into this mix is thrown a man unlike all the others in Padua, someone completely unfazed by Kate's tricks.
That’s where it would ultimately end
Pip Andrew (Team Adam) – Adam told him straight up that he is at risk getting sent home in the instant eliminations; Pips last performance wasn’t the greatest and he is fighting for his life. I am sure that struck some fear in his heart. Tonight Pip was singing “Somewhere Only We Know” by Keane. This is such a great song. He started off playing the piano and he it was really sweet. I feel he didn’t have the control he wanted while singing. His voice was shaky and he wasn’t hitting all of the notes. His falsetto cracked noticeably towards the end of the song and it seemed to fall apart after that. I paused my tv and just stared at the floor. Its never good to have your bad notes fall apart at the end. Blake said where in the hell is the bowtie? Adam said he likes the no bowtie; it was great overall but he is proud of him and he let Pip do the song that he wanted to do. 1-855-VOICE-07
In the black plastic bowls are lots of images that I printed and then cut out by hand – hours of fussy cutting that gave me a neck ache! - (little coins in the front bowl) which have now been added to the inside of the card. Beside my bottle of acrylic polymer you can see my dirty paint water! Perhaps I should have emptied that before photographing my desk but this is supposed to be an “as is” photo lol! As you can see, I still haven’t got round to altering my extremely posh pot for my brushes!
If you get a chance to stop back by tomorrow you can check out my craft space. I'm so excited because I actually set up my sewing machine on a table so I can start stitching on my cards and layouts!!! And I love the new paint color in my craft room . . so come back (better yet, sign up to receive emails of my posts)!
The second play, for my slightly older class is The Haunted House. Yeah - heaps original title, I know.
You can learn more about mastering your own mind by joining me on the Tess and Bess Show where 20 Visionaries have come together to share their wisdom with you and it’s totally free to attend. Just go here and sign up.
wifeless, without a child,
you could remember
The bigger problem for me is why The Clash kept drifting away from their strength as one of the greatest rock bands of all time. Their 1977 debut was an incendiary mix of thrashing guitars and burning vocals. Give Them Enough Rope in 1978 and The Cost of Living E.P. both continued with a big guitar sound. London Calling (1979) is an unqualified success, but their further branching out beyond two guitar rock was evident in Rudie Can't Fall and Revolution Rock among other tracks from that release. The brief diversions into new territory that were enjoyed on London Calling, started to be called into question by the faithful on Sandinista. Here was a sprawling 3 LP meal that had large helpings of funk, rap, soul, dub reggae and beyond that really should have been condensed into just a single record, and that’s not even addressing the bigger issue of its overall thin quality. Combat Rock picked up where Sandinista left off with a loose funk hybrid that was sometimes interesting, but ultimately frustrating again in its small doses of what they did best - rock n' roll.
The story opens as her deceased grandmother leads her to Rosehill – a rundown Georgian manor house. And where most of us would probably find the house entirely empty, Camilla, a medium, senses the spirits of a variety of visitors to the house and is able to communicate with many.
I started getting up very early,
With no assistance or influence from me she has developed a sarcastic quip about her.
- Slippers for indoor wear (regency, yes, but also night slippers)
What I don’t understand is why the FA have this STUPID rule that says they will not take further action if the referee saw the incident. The referee is at fault here for (a) not taking action at the time in what was an awful incident, but then (b) mentioning in his report that he had seen the incident but took no action.
*Discard your lens container on a monthly basis to prevent possible microbial contamination.
Council - local government. Also about to be abolished by current British government, as far as I can see.
“On these magic shores children at play are for ever beaching their coracles. We too have been there; we can still hear the sound of the surf, though we shall land no more.”
7) knit 4, knit 2 together, around
Lots of folks take the great commission to mean they need to venture to the far corners of the world to spread the gospel of Jesus Christ. And they do. I am blessed when I think of the sacrifice it takes and the heart for God these folks exhibit to spread the gospel across the globe. Jesus taught us to make disciples of all nations.
Two turtles dead and a partridge in a black sea.
Sunday morning the sermon was on marriage.
I'm kind of picky about salad, I hate iceberg lettuce, it's void of any flavor in my opinion, isn't quite as nutritious as it's pretty dark green cousins (or red ones for that matter) and frankly it's boring. No wonder I don't love salad, iceberg, ick. For years salad meant pasty looking iceberg lettuce to me, no my mom (who is an amazing cook) didn't force-feed us iceberg but it's just what I associated salad with. As I've learned to expand my definition of salad I've become a bigger advocate of them, you'll see, perusing any salad recipes I post, many don't even have lettuce in them but iceberg is definitely not featured here! This salad is no exception, a few weeks back I was getting head after head of cabbage in my Farmhouse Delivery boxes, green, napa, red, you name it, I got it. So I made slaw, a lot. I wouldn't call this a slaw since I feel like slaw is another one of those terms with not so pretty connotations but I'd say it's a cabbage salad instead.
Like I said, it was time.
But while you're at home flipping through a cookbook to decide where to eat in Brooklyn, take a moment to appreciate recipes that are meant for an apartment kitchen. The Good Fork's Steak and Eggs Korean Style takes the process of making a fairly normal breakfast staple and adds the twist of kimchi rice and other seasonings to make it new. There's a recipe for mac and cheese courtesy of Dumont and a simple sweet tea from Egg.
For serious art buyers and art lovers there are still some of the prints for sale. To buy an artwork by this artist, it is still possible to purchase a print, although they are all limited to only 8 of each picture. Not yet one of the big names, but now is the best time for astute buyers to buy, considering just how very special John’s photography is.
By the way, this was my fiftieth post! More on dinner with D’s parents tomorrow…
Heeeeellllllloooooooo Blog Readers!!! :) MY LAPTOP OVERHEATED!!! :( This is not the first time this has happened, but it is the first time in a long time, and the first time since I last got it fixed up (by my old friend Arthur, he’s a computer wiz, but I haven’t seen or spoken to him since leaving WP). What happened last time is it was a mixture of an accumulation of dust, and poor ventilation. The vents on my laptop are on the bottom of my laptop, so it can’t easily get air. Since then I’ve been extra careful. Seriously, I treat my laptop with more care than anything I own. I’m not normally so careful. When we watch House, and I set it up on my chest of drawers, I put it on top of 2 glasses cases, away from the vents, so air can get into it from underneath. However, tonight I didn’t check it properly, and one of the cases was covering the main vent, which caused it to overheat and cut out :/ It’s not a major problem. As you can see just by reading this post, it’s working again now. But I’m gunna keep my usage of it to a minimum over the week, use the main computer as much as possible, and then on the weekend open it up myself and try and get the dust out, without braking something ;) Tonight’s episode of House was the final one with Stacy :/ We finished the episode on Charlie’s laptop. Another good episode :) I was going to bring my laptop into College tomorrow, to help with the Geology revision, so we can look at some pictures of Geological stuff, in preparation for tomorrow’s practical exam :)
This is a movie that struggles to be likable but shoots itself in the foot so often because of bad camerawork, bad writing, bad acting and bad effects that all its efforts are for naught.
Come Monday I receive the following email from one of Mr and Mrs Youngest's mates:-
Buried them quickly, beneath the brown soil.
We finally went back to the car for the next leg of our journey. On the road out, we saw a lot of Amish on bicycles, which reminded me of Minneapolis only with more bonnets. And probably just about the same number if beards.
It is natural for my son to put his arm around his grandmother. Like his father, he is a comforter. He knows intuitively the right moment to reach for a hand and just hold it, to give a sympathetic smile, to put his arm around someone. It is a gift.
I figured out halfway through the pattern sewing that this fabric has stretch. Nope, I never noticed before. I left the zipper off since I could squeeze it over my head. That won't work with a non-stretch fabric though. I *might* have had to restitch a bit of the waist seam after popping some stitches when trying it on.
I have redacted the names of the companies to which he has referred.
19 House of Blues, Anaheim, CA
collectors, some didn't. How do you like that picture of
Manny was ahead of Jim, and Isaac and Seth were a ways behind. No one saw Jim when he hit a rock, lost control, and went crashing over the edge of the cliff with the three-wheeler tumbling behind him. As he slid down the side of the embankment there was no way he could stop. About 70 feet down, a bed of branches and leaves caught and held him, and in a state of shock but without fear, he laid there listening to the three-wheeler as it continued to tumble down, down, down. Several minutes later, Isaac and Seth were over the cliff coming to Jim’s rescue. I asked how they knew where he was? Amazingly enough, the seat had come off the bike and was lying in the road, so as they came upon it, they immediately knew there was a problem. In evaluating his condition they realized that the injuries were minor and were mainly on the lower part of his body. His legs and ribs were bruised, but there were no broken bones, no damaged internal organs, no head injuries. And as they were telling me this, I remembered, “He will give His angels charge of you, to guard you in all your ways. On their hands they will bear you up lest you dash your foot (or in this case, your head) against a stone (Psalm 91:9-12). I could just imagine an angel taking the seat off the bike and setting it in the road; other angels holding Jim’s head and upper body away from the rocks and other dangerous objects as he fell; and another angel comforting him as he laid there waiting.
When I finally went to the corporate world, my father asked me to get a classy phone to be with the times. Obviously one should look professional in the presence of others, shouldn’t he? So you can imagine how much the mobile world had changed. A product which was a luxury at one time had changed into one which gave you a kind of an image in front of others. And so I decided to buy a Nokia X3-02. And that is one decision I regret even today.
Steve and I are heading off into the sunset for a couple of weeks so I shall not post again for a while!
But when you want money
6. He must understand my “love language” ( look forward to a post on this)
The thing is, a movie like this should have some scenes that are referential moments that we recognize from other disaster movies. There are a couple: one scene has Bologna's character visiting a cemetery discussing his troubled life with one of the tombstones, then the camera pulls back and you see several other people in the same cemetery having similar conversations with other tombstones. Another scene is the first reveal of the gigantic Cyclops bus in a slow, dramatic moment, complete with a bombastic orchestral accompaniment... only to be upstaged by someone observing that the huge bus line emblem was painted on backwards.
The focus of the dream is always what’s outside the apartment: the way the building looks, our parking lot for the apartment, the corner street that it’s on, the sounds of the thugs etc running amok. Although the events in the dream changes, the actual visual details are always the same.
It was contrary to human reasoning that Jesus would die the death of the cursed. But it was God’s plan of redemption as we see in Galatians 3:13. “Christ hath redeemed us from the curse of the law, being made a curse for us; for it is written, Cursed is everyone that hangeth on a tree.”
This time, there was only one character telling the story, in Murakami Haruki's intimate first person. The telling, as in the first two books, was once again split into two parallel tracks. One should probably say, split into two voices, for it was the split personality of Tamotsu Fukada who figured in this book.
The complaint states that photos of the pair were used on the companies’ website homepages, along with brochures, newsletters and email alerts.
When she spends the summer with her father and his new family, everything changes for Auden. She gets a job and learns how other girls her age live; it’s at this stage she realises everything she missed out on while trying to please her mother. And when Auden meets Eli she feels as though she’s finally met somebody who understands her.
- Why…?, Oh Why…?, 17/2/2012 18:07
I was 21, and I imagined I must have been beautiful then. They were older than I was, strong handsome men with girl friends. I remember calling my best friend then to ask her if I should go ahead with it. And she said, "Go! Just try it out!"
Commiserations to the families of those lost to the typhoon, and words of warning to the over 50's in Japan, for this will not be the last typhoon Japan sees. Just remember that thousands of tons of muck laden raging river can be dangerous, and that curiosity is sometimes best left to the cat.
Rated: 8 of 10, a very good book.
You can contact EmmaLou (emmalou@heartfeltcreations.us) to claim your $25.00 gift certificate. Be sure and put Winner of Alumni Hop Feb 28th in the subject line.
GUESS WHAT?!?! Another major milestone this month! You crawled AND stood up on your own on March 8th. I could not believe my eyes! You have been doing the on-all-fours-rock-back-and-forth for a month now, and then, BAM, you just started doing the motions! You crawled over to the train table, and stood up! I got pictures :)
“Yes,” she answered while sitting up more so she could actually see the men in the front seat.
Here is Will's. Its about his love of drawing!!! He wants to be an illustrator when he grows up. I was so proud of him. Each time we have scrapped I have tried to show him something new. This time I showed him how to layer the papers. Here is his layout!He even used a handmade embellie.....he used a lollipop by "Charms creations" and a cool button by "Lil Red Rocket"!
ATG Gun
When I set up the appointment with him, he didn't know what I was going to talk about. I told him that I was about to start a new venture and I really wanted to pick his brain and hear his thoughts and ideas. We met at Rock Bottom so I could give him a sense of what I was going for. We spent the next 2 hours talking about mission statements, branding, emotions, people, thoughts, logos, and a thousand different things I never thought of yet. Once we were finished, I had a plan, an outline. I had a sense of direction and purpose to really get this brewery going. But what happened next is what really inspired me and made me realize that this was really going to work. "I want it". This guy who works with Fortune 500 companies, rubs elbows with the rich and famous, and parties with rock stars wanted in. He wanted to a part of my brewery.
If you are a homeschooler, you have possibly heard about the workbox system. Well, I decided to use workboxes for the 2011-2012 school year. I don't have my system in place yet. Stay tuned for more info and pictures.
who shake their heads in disapproval
However all this nice beer is likely to set you back near £2 a bottle, off trade. Ah well, at least Beck’s is still on the special at Sainsbury’s. That’s a nice drop of lout and by all accounts follows the same purity law.
I don't see education as a means of value adding, a way of shaping a child into something that pleases you. It's a right, an education, and I aim to give my children an education because they have a right to it. Just as they have a right to housing and food and clean water and air. To give a girl-child her rightful education is particularly sweet.
So despite it being a week before Thanksgiving, I'm making a turkey dish.
I never would have imagined the outcome when I started.
The key is to blend, blend, blend – there should be no obvious lines or patches of colour.
Do check out the site & listen to the podcast - either on the site or by saving on your computer for later / your iPods etc.
Spanikopita with Greek Salad
1 Testify 4:36
I replaced them with some more.
All in all, I preferred B. Though both shared common elements, I felt B was more refined, and because of that, I declared that it was the more expensive of the two. I was wrong, and so was my colleague, Rüdiger.
3) This is one more thing we can check off the wedding to-do list! Usually it’s the bride who orders her dress first because of the time it takes to get in and altered, but in our case, the Scottish got to join in the joys of formal-wear-ordering-fun.
I. do. not. want. to. see. him.
Examine the stagnated outer air, emitting molten fragrancies, in the name of discovery; in search of it’s lost replica, isolated, scared and wandering alone.
I can only suggest that sometimes the spontaneous love of God wells up in me, and it’s impossible to keep it in.
Peter J. Williams is the Warden (CEO) of Tyndale House and a member of the Faculty of Divinity in the University of Cambridge. He received his MA, MPhil and PhD, in the study of ancient languages related to the Bible from Cambridge University. After his PhD, he was on staff in the Faculty of Divinity, Cambridge University (1997–1998), and thereafter taught Hebrew and Old Testament there as Affiliated Lecturer in Hebrew and Aramaic and as Research Fellow in Old Testament at Tyndale House, Cambridge (1998–2003). From 2003 to 2007 he was on the faculty of the University of Aberdeen, Scotland, where he became a Senior Lecturer in New Testament and Deputy Head of the School of Divinity, History and Philosophy. In July 2007 he became the youngest Warden in the history of Tyndale House. He also retains his position as an honorary Senior Lecturer in Biblical Studies at the University of Aberdeen.
I've been suffering from a lack of wind. In my tyre. It keeps, unpredictably, deflating. A week or so ago, I had it fixed. Or so the man said when he took my money. Days can go by when it's perfectly okay, then another day, I'll come out of work and find the tyre almost flat.
Not sure if we'll do anything special Tuesday, since we had our night, but I will probably let the girls choose dinner and dessert at home. Last year we fed the girls and ordered Steak Out, but not sure I want to spend that much. I need to figure it out soon!
Drag Queen Dave: McCullum has been in IRAQ not Afghanistan. You have gotten that wrong THREE times, you old queen, either your mind controlled brain is slipping or you have been drinking too many martinis at the Vegas tranny clubs you like to haunt and lip-sing at. Say it: eeeeeyyyeee-raque. His mission is over, his alter asleep, and he is back in Ohio with wife and K9. and I hear he will be promoted upward from Lt. Cmdr. And oh–I won’t send any more pulse beams to knock out your computer like I did on Tuesday; I was just playin’ witcha. And while I know my ABCs, I no longer play in that sandbox, eh, old timer.
Tyres work within a window of ideal vertical load. This load comes from weight distribution and downforce, simplistically the former affects low speed grip and the latter higher speed grip. Teams need to balance the static weight distribution and downforce front to rear to suit the tyres. A graph of load versus grip for a tyre will see significant drops either end of the scale as the tyre fails to work when either over or under loaded. It seem that Mercedes have too much load on the front tyres which will see them give up grip as the tyres gets too heavily loaded, this induces understeer. Conversely they have too little load at the rear which will compromise traction off the line and out of slow turns, but also induce oversteer. Having both ends of the car with incorrectly loaded tyres loads, will produce a car lacking in balance. The team could reduce grip at the rear to balance the car, but will then have a car lacking in grip.
not sleeping
The friendship between Xas and Sobran is incredibly moving. Though much of the tale describes the divine; referring throughout to God, Lucifer, heaven and hell, it is truly grounded in humanity. Following Sobran's mortal life, we get a glimpse of how it may appear to an immortal, while following the struggle of this one man, in his relationships, with his family, and with the ever-present vineyard itself. For do not forget, this is a tale of that wonderful delight...wine, which permeates even the annual meetings between the man and the angel.
I did try using small cuts like the frogs and the letters, and discovered that cutting larger shapes like the cauldron do cut much nicer. But as you can see on my card, small cuts can work, they just don't cut as cleanly. Check out the video, I posted it -HERE on FCCB
I changed images, but kept her layout and overall color scheme. I am on a mission to use things I have had for a long time. This tag is one of them, so I can't even remember where the images are from -- if you know, let me know!
Busy Signal -Reggae Music Dubb’n Again Track Listing:
would you like to sleep? Yes, well then you are going to have to stop with this procrastinating business. Honestly it really isn't healthy.
shape shifting
Ok, see how this continues to build on itself? You have to get involved, you have to expand your view, and you have to add your voice to inspire others. You will begin to see that everyone’s views and voices matter. Everyone’s vote matters! Your vote matters! People vote based on what the see, what they know and what they are led to believe. If you think your vote does not matter, a smaller and smaller pool of people will vote; and their vote becomes more powerful. “Why bother?” Because in the United States, people have given their lives so that everyone can have the right to vote. The struggle for an equal voice and equal votes continues in the United States and around the World!
I flew to Las Vegas to meet my husband for a couple of days before Christmas. We had a quick, fun, child free mini vacation and returned home for a lovely Christmas Eve family celebration. One of the places I wanted to see while in Vegas was this shop-
thighs rubbing
I used bias tape for the boning channels (left loose at the top 1" as per original) and the bottom edge. The top is folded over raw and the lace sewn on top (I did this as the very last step of the whole gown). The bodice is a little long for my short waist, but not too bad.
What business is it of total strangers as to how long we have been here, how would they react if we asked them loads of personal questions?
2 possess
4. Echo And The Bunnymen - Pictures On My Wall
Weep for Cato. Crocodile tears.
Somehow, I resist the urge to laugh out loud, and see Annika Hansen is about to stand. I wonder which consiousness is dominating her?
Secondly, William spoke with our geneticist this afternoon. He called her to request that she send us our baby’s gender in a sealed envelope. I was given the awesome idea to take that sealed envelope to a bakery and request pink filling for a girl, or blue filling for a boy, depending on what it says inside of the envelope. (Thank you, Regina for the great idea!!) Not exactly sure when we’ll be cutting the cake… but I’ll be sure to post a video to share the moment.
You need an oar to put your oar in?
Pushing for the legalization of recreational marijuana is a waste of time.
But, as I'm touring the place with this person, I am suddenly very aware that there are places where the paint is peeling, and there are boards showing through the drywall. There's been water damage, and the floorboards are spongy and smell of mold.
Even when it’s painful
Williamson was playing guitar at age ten and soon ran away from his Tennessee home to play at fish fries and dances. His travels took the guitarist through Mississippi and North Carolina during the 1920s, where he crossed paths with Yank Rachell, Sleepy John Estes, Blind Boy Fuller, and Big Joe Williams.
of starting from scratch-
13.Prayer Is The Key 05:16
And no, I don't know their names. I don't speak horse, so even if they told me their names I wouldn't have understood.
She blinked again and ran crying from the room.
10th of August 2011
Any combo of sweet and hot peppers you like (this is optional!)
Anyway, now to watch Julie and Julia to smooth my pain. Ok, I’m being a baby, it doesn’t hurt that much but only when I walk. Ahhhh good excuse to veg out.
In keeping with the spirit of leaving behind an artifact for every action and having those collected in a box (I'll have to look/construct one by the way, keep an eye out at garage sales etc) I just had the proofs of the buttons come in and they look great.
'I know, sweetheart.'
I was so aroused from an hour of MMO pleasure that the path to ejaculation was a very short one. In a few minutes the final orgasm reached deep into me and squeezed my seething prostate. In response ropes of white pearlesent cum were hurled into the air to splash on my belly and the sheets as they found their way earthward. I released a stream of hot passion that granted me welcome relief and put my boiling desire to peace.
Some – indubitably – work brilliantly; lets take the Nike ‘swoosh’ logo as one example… its just an image, a graphic, an emblem and yet… gradually its seeped into the public consciousness and its now known the world over for what it is. No need for ramming the word Nike down anyone’s throat; no need for copyrighters’ silly tag-lines… just the graphic unobtrusively positioned. Very clever
?1.2 gallon water tank runs whisper quiet up to 72 hours
Dinner at home. There are Mustaches on my shoes! Thanks to Claire from Jazzpad who I won these from. Catching up with friends over tea and sandwiches. A cute card holder which I couldn't resist and will be useful for the MTR in HK. Grandma treated my mum and I to Sushi. I want this teacup set, but it's annoyingly expensive!
"My top!" She exclaimed...followed by an evil laugh. I wasn't sure why she did it but I do know that I would let her in my cab anytime she wanted!! Gotta love the girls from the Ville!!
"Damn it!" he shouts suddenly. "What does 'damn it' mean?" The closest approximation I can offer in my sketchy Spanish is diablo -- or devil -- although I know the essence is lost in translation. "I never knew what it meant. My father used to say it when we had done something wrong," he explains through our interpreter, Luis, raising the back of his hand in a mock swipe.
What I think critics also miss is that political centrism is thoroughly Papal. The attitudes of John Paul II in respect of capitalism were simply modern adaptations of traditional Papal thinking. The syndicalism that was recommended in the famous 1891 encyclical De rerum novarum of Pope Leo XIII also tried to strike a balance between capitalism and socialism. Syndicalism is however much further to the Left than anything in place or generally proposed in the Western world today, though attempts were made to implement it in various Southern European Fascist regimes and modern Germany does have a watered-down version of it.
While biscuits are baking, prepare strawberries, mixing with 1 T. sugar.
4 oz. Raspberry extract (added at kegging)
OK, just in case any one thought the last video was serious, it wasn't. Made especially for 1st April, it was.
Or: Wes Craven's Snoozeround. Both Craven and John Carpenter – two bearded titans of the most fondly recalled horror of the past three decades – made returns, of a certain type, to horror-genre filmmaking this year. Carpenter let us onto The Ward; Craven added Scream 4 to complete(?) his success-decreasing series. He supplemented it with My Soul to Take; and I wish he hadn’t. After the opening titles and a bare introduction to what's likely going to happen over the next 90 minutes, it peters out into A Nightmare on Elm Street the junior edition. Something I never thought anyone wanted, needed or even actually ever contemplated. Soul was a sure sign that Craven is, yikes, way beyond his 'best before' date.
1 x (386)CHEEZEL BBQ CHEESE = 1.90
By the time you'll be reading this, it'll have been 2 weeks since I went into the hospital. And I wish I could say I'm better now...but I'd be lying.
When you are away, at a conference or trip, who watches the kids?
The village soviet fellow had to justify himself before the regional man and quickly said: “I always keep an eye on things, you know. Nikolai, I say, are you bringing in the bread? I am, he says.”
This took most of the week but once it was done there was celebrations all around. The siding on this gable still needs a coat of paint but that’s a job to come in the next few weeks.
But lately my rainmaking abilities have fallen into question, because we've had a two or three week drought going on at Chateau Squatlo, and our little garden has gotten parched. Yesterday afternoon I announced that I would break down and purchase a garden sprinkler, since it didn't look like rain was in our future.
Steinberg, J. (1990) All or nothing: The Axis and the holocaust London: Routledge.
Chapter 5, Culinary Itineraries, is a short section, beginning with some suggested one and two day culinary itineraries for Tokyo. There is then a list of some unique Japanese ingredients and tools that you might want to purchase so that you can prepare Japanese cuisine at home. In addition, there is some information on the Kyoto's Nishiki Market. This is the weakest of the five chapters, due to its lack of depth, and would have been better with additional information and suggestions.
It was good to meet up with our relatives, though we don't see each other very often, it's like coming home, we're never strangers when we meet. I learned a few stories, told a few, ate well, and then, of course, had to leave. Getting home was not easy. The storm had left an estimated 10,000 homes in south wales without electricity, my route home had to be changed because of fallen trees, power lines, accidents, flooding, flood debris... It took six and a half hours, and at one point my engine coughed because it was swallowing water... Not good with a high-compression diesel, an inch deeper and it might have meant a wrecked engine. Luckily, when the cough occurred we were climbing out of the deepest bit.
Recently I bought a new baby swimsuit pattern, Kwik Sew 3606, which unfortunately is out of print. I don't know if they have plans to republish it under a new look or what now that McCall's has bought out Kwik Sew, but this is probably why I was able to buy it from the half price bin at my fabric store. As far as I can tell, there are no other baby (under 1T sized) swimsuit patterns available thru Kwik Sew. That is a bummer.
In what had politically evolved into a transportation reform strategy, the opposition alliance, having been fortuitously positioned on the condemnation issue years before, was equally adventitious in implementing a bit of the strategic thinking of Karl Rove. As George W. Bush’s political strategist, Rove enjoyed considerable electioneering success by hitting his candidate’s opponents in what appeared to be their strong points. For example, he caused the Vietnam “war hero” status of Senator John Kerry to be savaged by the “Swift Boat” campaign. Private property rights had been a barrier against conservation legislation and regulation; but its evolution into a tool for promoting just that regulation was underway.
So here we are-- how about a quick "up to speed"
sentiment stamp. I have used a gorgeous Nellie Snellen stamp which was coloured with promarkers, the matting was done using spellbinders nestabilities and the corners were cut with a Marianne die all from The Craft Den. A few gems, some teal ribbon and a bit of glitter to finish off.
Here are his thoughts on the first tryout experience:
'Uh, I don't know'
9/26/2008 - Knoxville, TN - Tennessee Theater
The experience could be the beginning of something big.
When I was little, we played at Grandma's house-the old farm was next door, and it had tons of amusements for little children. My mother was grateful for the half-hour she allowed us to stay. Grandma wished we would stay longer, and often made arrangements. One of my favorite things to do was play with the barn-kittens, when they would allow it, though, they were usually pretty wild.
Jae Hyuk is having a meeting with Designer Kim when Jung Ah shows up with her mother. Elsewhere at a meeting, Anna arrives and is not happy to see Ga Young. Of course, she’s even unhappier to see Madam Jo and Jung Ah and Ga Young is also unhappy at seeing them. Madam Jo and Anna trade barbs. She tells Anna she lost a lot of time and money because of Anna but Anna tells her all she did was give her information. Madam Jo tells her she’s out of her ‘good books’.
But now it’s just everywhere. And not just because I’m more attuned to it as an adult. From earthy everyman, Ray Winstone at half-time to the shirts of a bunch of teams across Europe . Take Real Madrid, one of the three biggest football brands in the world. At first it was just a handful of mid-table sides and relegation candidates, but now the elite are emblazoned with bookmakers’ logos.
No one knows what it is like to live in the moment until they live in a moment frozen in time. Lovers know this, and so do people who have almost died. The frozen moment is a reminder for everyone to slow down. A man is dry brush waiting for Life’s fire to catch, but the flames will never catch when he’s moving too quickly.
David Jenkins – Vocals, Guitar
I know this might be all over the place a little but the general point is this. Its been a year since we have joined the pages and we still believe in Kevin and that he is really the right man for the job. We the people trust him and want him back where he belongs and we are refusing to give up until he’s there. I am originally from the USA and never really had an interest in politics and all until now. Here the sitting members are so much more accessible than back in the states.
If your child has HF & M then keep them home from Kindy or pre-school to break the cycle of transmission.
“Let’s see how fast you kids can wash the car. Get it done in under 15 minutes and there’s a small DQ cone in it for you.”
Olive Oil Test Results: There was not much difference between the sealed and unsealed sides. If anything, the stain may have been a bit darker after 30 minutes on the sealed side, but that could have just been the colour variation in the granite.
To understand this better, Imagine now you are the captain of a large ship and you want to change direction. You turn the wheel hard over as far as it will go, yet nothing appears to happen… What do you do? Give up? No, instinctively you know that to change the direction of something so big is going to take a little time. You simply have to keep doing what you’re doing and be patient, eventually the ship will turn and you’ll be on a new course to a different destination.
The Shen Neng 1 ran aground about 70km east of Great Keppel Island just after 5pm on Saturday with approximately 975 tonnes of heavy fuel oil onboard.
Boil and drain the pasta.
In 1990, Thurman co-starred with Fred Ward in the sexually provocative drama Henry & June, the first film to receive an NC-17 rating. Because of the rating, it never played in a wide release but critics embraced her.
5. I’m Your Man
It is located at 15700 36th Ave N, Plymouth, MN.
Well, for one, I have never really thought of myself as better than
please hold your applause until I have finished."
‘He couldn’t remember what happened,’ Christl said. ‘He thought he was in a car accident.’
Many blessings to you my friends!!
I usually love Phillipa's writing (it isn't factual, it's got loose facts but mostly all scandal and intrigue.) but this one was too hard to follow and a little on the boring side. Which is ODD since this was a re-write of the war of the roses (Lancsters vs Yorks) AND I really loved The White Queen, which is the sister book. I think because The White Queen was sorta witchy and The Red Queen was more religious that I found the other side more interesting. However, I think it's important to read both because they really fo answer to each other’s stories and it's always fun to hear both sides. One thing I did like was Margaret’s perseverance and her stubbornness. I love a woman who is mischievously resourceful.
It was one of those wonderfully superior moments, when you know that despite having started off completely in the wrong, by a trick of fate, all of a sudden you are completely in the right. In those rare moments in life you do of course rise to the occasion and take on a serene and calm approach to the problem.
In some sense, the whole business feels of a piece with voting. More ignorance, more obligation to appreciate the process and participate in order to be a responsible citizen. I spent part of yesterday doing research, trying to dig up dirt on candidates and understand the propositions on California's ballot. It was unpleasant. I feel okay about some decisions, less so about others. Was I responsible and a good citizen? I don't know.
2. I wanted to put patches on the shirt, but I kept thinking that I liked it plain. It's vintage. So I left it.
Me: I figured.
1) the pain I was in for most of the time I was there
Davis
(This is why I said make sure you buy at least three spoons so you can practice)
Last year a number of polymer artists took a year long Ring-A-Day challenge, and the results totally gobsmacked me... And, it got my old Muse hootin' and hollerin' to get going on my own designs. My Muse can be a major task master *coughpainintheasrsecough*, so I complied and actually kind of like some of the results.
"What is it?" Asks Fitton,"I'm not sure but it's not the sort of thing you find lying around an engineering office. I'm guessing Cantharidin, anthrax, some sort of fast acting poison?"
2. The summer weather, no matter how hot, entices me to stay forever, but I always know what comes around in late October.
Maybe it comes down to those moments
The area was quite large and the boys and girls on board of the bus didn't have nearly enough time to see all. Only a few managed to find a way down to the beach again and if they would have had another hour or two they wouldn't have minded one bit! Which definitely made a difference to the museums we saw: ten to thirty minutes. Tops!
Disliked discussion topics (3-): crime, health, sports, paranormal, school
The debut album from Lucifer’s Friend was first unleashed in 1970 and the opening song “Ride The Sky” is something everyone needs to hear. Released the same year as Led Zeppelin III, the song was accused of ripping off “Immigrant Song” but it turns out “Ride The Sky” came first. Take a listen for yourself and see if the opening fanfare played on French horn sounds similar to Robert Plant’s wailing vocals. Zep has been known to pinch some riffs here and there, but this might just be a weird co-incidence. But you never know. It wouldn’t surprise me if Jimmy Page was intrigued by a band named Lucifer’s Friend given his interest in the occult.
What affects “them”, affects “us”….
One book covers the use of spices and herbs and the other gives a historical background on the evolution of Indian food over the centuries.
It's from the book
The Times reports: "those who donated the most to Mr. Obama and the Democratic Party since he started running for president were far more likely to visit the White House than others. Among donors who gave $30,000 or less, about 20 percent visited the White House, according to a New York Times analysis that matched names in the visitor logs with donor records. But among those who donated $100,000 or more, the figure rises to about 75 percent. Approximately two-thirds of the president’s top fund-raisers in the 2008 campaign visited the White House at least once, some of them numerous times."
Lots Luurve !
‘No, hang on, Jemma!’ Aimee ran after her friend, who was heading at an almost indecent haste towards the large bar in the centre of the Departure Lounge, which was a feat in itself in the heels she was wearing. But that was one thing about Jemma – it didn’t matter what the occasion, there was no way she was going anywhere without her heels. ‘We haven’t got time
We have some big news for you – we are retiring Salvage Studio. We have both decided to focus on new directions, are still good friends, and don’t want to lose track of you. We had the time of our lives doing Salvage Studio together, and are so grateful for all the friendships we made with our customers. We hope to stay in contact with each of you through our new endeavors.
MOGADISHU — Gun-toting Al-Shabab insurgents staged rallies across Somalia Monday to celebrate their group’s recognition by Osama bin Laden’s successor as a member of the Islamist Al-Qaeda network.
Overall, the book is a good mix of the old snarky Bourdain and the newer, more reflective writer. It's an easy read and one that's worthwhile.
Which brings me to the end of today’s musings which whilst slightly different and less vampyric than usual hopefully made you smile, or roll your eyes, or just not read. In the words of Cristian Slater … So Be It!!!
They woke up early and prepared everything, before waking me up!
The phrase of "actions for my personal growth" was hit me, it popped up in a book. The things which are not called to be good or bad, but things for my personal growth, it is more personal. There is a different quality between 'doing sport is a good thing' or 'doing sport for my personal growth'.
9:00 a.m. – 11:30 a.m. (Registration)
What kind of music moves you? Does a sad song make you better? Do you still hoard all that vinyl, inside dusty boxes in your basement?
Sei loh, it's like we are working in one of those steel buildings garages because my office room air-con suddenly decided not to be working well! Under this weather? OMG....
But the man who can sing when he hasn't got a thing
Challenge 8: April 8
I want to make sure that when the children in my class have moments of delight like this, I take the time to stop rushing, to be present so we can celebrate them together.
‘While most of Edwin’s entries are entertaining and scholarly – he writes like a Scottish Bill Bryson – it is when he takes an interest in the backwaters of history, the details lost down the back of the sofa, that he is at his best’ – Jack McKeown, The Courier, 27 October 2008
Eating: Ezekial tortilla pizzas. They're so simple to make and really, really good. All you do is take a tortilla, top it with tomato sauce, cheese and veggies of you choice, and bake it in the oven until the cheese is melted and the tortilla is crispy. It's a super healthy meal, especially if you pile on the veggies. Let me know if you try it!
She continued, “The rumors are nothing. The differences are incomprehensible. Our lives are so repressed, so far beneath their standard of life. I must admit that Gisi’s and Rudi’s urging us to remain in West Germany was tempting.”
If you belong to list-servs or participate in chat rooms or any other online communications you are aware of the benefits. I am on an list-serv from the Getty Foundation called Teacher ArtExchange. In the many years I have belonged I have only posted a couple of times but I am always reading what others post and learn a great deal.
Anyway, Candyman was an artist, and he was often hired to do portraits by the local, wealthy families. One such painting was going to be of a landowner's beautiful, young daughter, but she and Candyman had a secret affair. When her father found o8ut about the affair(she got pregnant), he paid some thugs to saw off the young man's right hand, then smear him with honey, so that an angry hive of bees could sting him to death.
Chicken 750 gms
Drought and dust storms led to soaring temperatures and some of the country’s largest rivers running dry.
Passages
I followed my gameplan to the T. I enjoyed my Irish Car Bombs and scarfed down tons of Shepard's Pie. I embraced my uneventful St. Patrick's day without having to deal with drunken masses. I did however expect some entertainment on the social networking front. What could be better than other people's drunken Facebook posts? Well I was let down completely on that front. I decided to start taking notes on my own drunken thoughts throughout the night to entertain myself.
Potato or pillowcase races
The cycle infrastructure in the western suburbs forms a grid. Some paths run through parks, others along main streets (like this one). The type of infrastructure shown is typical for the area – and for similar post-war suburbs, in other large cities of the Netherlands.
So if I was able to get an allocation of foreign exchange from the Reserve
Even parts such as the speedocable and sprockets have all been modified to suit the Monkey.
Authors are not athletes, looking to stomp the opposition. We try and write the best book we can, for our own reasons. It's wonderful to win, it's less wonderful to come close. It's demoralising and disappointing to feel over-looked. But to think you're on a shortlist and then get taken off? To hear that your book has been mixed up with another one? That's an insult.
post and I finished "A Discovery of Witches" as well.
Also, please note that Federal Hill is a NIGHTMARE to park in on Sunday afternoons, as parking restrictions start on the streets at 2 PM and last until Monday morning. READ PARKING SIGNS CLOSELY or park in the West Street Garage, or take the Circulator/taxi/MTA bus/designated driver option. Or walk or bicycle, whatever.
My life’s philosophy? Read what makes you happy. Reading to impress others isn’t going to make your life any longer or more fulfilled. Life is short; why waste it on Ulysses if you’re not going to get anything out of it anyway?
And Jesus Christ how many times can I say Bolo in the next couple weeks much less this one blog post?
Many-cache organizes the small, distributed memories on an FPGA into application-specific caches, each targeting a particular data structure or region of memory in an application and each customized for the particular memory operations that access it.
Quite a tricky thing to write let alone read with a mirror must of been hard for Steve to do..But a great quirky strip see two more..
This is a UFO that's been around for a couple years. I was recently challenged to "get 'er done". The challenger is holding hostage some recently purchased fabric. That was pretty good motivation for me to finish piecing the top. Now it's sat for over a month and I am FINALLY getting around to getting it quilted...........See, I really DO quilt, sometimes.
It's been nice to be back in the "big city" and to do "big city" things. Shopping, eating out at restaurants we don't have back home, movies ... it will be hard but also nice to get back to our more simple life in the North in a few weeks.
Developed by Nerd Communications, Ben the Bodyguard is an upcoming way to keep the things you keep on your iPhone protected. And their marketing efforts are amazing.
So, when I was offered the chance to meet some talented bloggers at an evening promising ‘fine wine, cheese and a spot of pampering’, I lunged at the chance like a desperate single at an airborne wedding bouquet.
Above the lockers we have cabinets for whatever we need to stash. It usually (well, occasionally) holds my purse. Right now it has an outfit Noah has outgrown that I need to pass down to another Noah in our church.
An Exclusive Love by Johanna Adorian (Random House Canada)
02.Litess (Original Mix) 08:47
These women are used to tourists. When I held my camera toward them, they stopped and posed for me. I had a little mixed feeling about it but they didn't seem to mind to be exposed on everyone's camera.
OK so this is a typical dubble, lots of spice and medium body. Good nose, little head and fair lacing. But it has a dry cardboardish finish that is really off putting. It could be that this just isn't a fresh bottle, or was stored improperly. Either way it doesn't seem right... its not like it is bad, but it just doesn't seem right.
I've made this card for my sister's birthday. She likes clean, stylish but simple lines. Apologies for the shadow in the photo. You can click to enlarge it, to get a better idea if you like.
Laughing Buddha, founded less than two years ago, has already garnered a lot of press for their fusion brews--and rightly so. We don't actually need another brewery making a flight of pale ales and IPAs. Valvo and Castillo have taken a chance on a new idea, and the early results are intriguing. I tried the Purple Yam Porter, Mango Weizen, and Pandan Brown, and indeed, they represent something original in brewing. Let's start out with a basic description.
Refreshments will be provided.
Libraries play an important role in providing internet access and advice to children, their parents, and other library users. To help library staff in this role, the Australian Communications and Media Authority (ACMA) has developed a range of resources about how to manage risks so that library users have safe and positive experiences online.
But still I feel
We're probably going to write some new songs, and hopefully do an album or a lengthy EP at some point. We're submitting two tracks for this Samiam tribute series thing too, but other than that, we're just going to be playing the odd show here and there, nothing big though! We don't really plan things in advance.
Thanks for joining us for our I Love Sketches by Tsunami Rose DT Blog Hop! If you don't know yet, as part of the ILS DT we create a card each day following Tsunami Rose's sketches that she posts on her blog each and every day.
What is Blogger Central?
~They'll give you a quote if you send them your address.
Penciller: Greg Capullo
1/4 tsp turmeric powder
to blend in.
Pink colouring with Dragon Fruit Paste
“Fitness has become such large part of our lives. There are gyms at every nook and corner. There are such wonderful trainers. You need to get the right assistant and follow what is right for you. Don’t try to become like me or Deepika (Padukone) or Priyanka (Chopra),” she told.
“They don’t deserve to see
How about JB? Hmmm.. has he forgotten? I think he’s trying to move on, bit by bit. The Rubik’s cube is like his stress reliever. And that thing equals to Hae Sung. I think JB is inspired by Hae Sung because she’s trying to become better. He is even there helping her get up. So both of them have a positive pull. While Ri-An just pulls JB down somehow. Their scenes seem heavy most of the time, and the past is always the highlight. How can one move on if there’s constant reminder? Ri-An better move on as well. Maybe then will JB find his way back to her or completely cross another one.
Grand Teton Brewing Co Victor, ID Bitch Creek ESB ESB
Franco, who ruled Spain as a fascist dictator for nearly forty years, from 1936 until his death in 1975, claimed the attack on Guernica never took place. They tried to blame the Basques, but the truth is Germany deliberately bombed the town to destroy it and observe in a clinical way the effects of such a devastating attack, practicing a new form of warfare, where only civilians were the targets.In October 1937, a Nationalist officer told a Sunday Times correspondent: 'We bombed it, and bombed it, and bombed it and Beuno why not.'This atrocity horrified the world and helped shift public opinion towards the Spanish Republican Cause, but shamefully the British Government stuck steadfastardly to its non intervevention line. The fascists hated liberalism and humanity, their ideology was one of evil destruction, 'Long Live Death' they cried. Guernica represented their creed, with one of the Fascist Generals declaring " Like a resolute surgeon, free from false sentimentality, it will cut the diseased flesh from the healthy body and fling it to the dogs. And since the healthy flesh is the soil, the diseased flesh, the people who dwell on it, fascism and the army will eradicate the people and restore the soil to the sacred national realm... Every socialist, Republican, every one of them, without exception, and needless to say, every Communist, will be eradicated, without exception.' An ideology of unfettered hate, and evil..... it's ideology still trying to tear the world apart, as we can see with what has happened in Norway, or on the streets of Britain where it's forces seek to gather, fostering hatred and division.
After that, it was getting late, so I headed up to bed and she returned to "Haunted America." I just opened it at a random page to find out what sort of thing she might have read about. The story I landed on was about William Harrison and Tecumseh and touched on "Tippecanoe and Tyler Too." Imagine that.
Not ready to buy one of my stories yet? That’s fine by me. How about a coupon code from Smashwords for a free copy of one. Any of my titles! You pick! How’s that for a treat? At the end of the Coffin Hop, I will randomly choose FIVE lucky people to win!! Good luck.
-my daughter won the division soccer tournament, got braces and grew 2 inches.
Seriously, sometimes it feels like teenagers (well, boys at least, I haven't had a girl teen yet) go to sleep as boys one day, and wake up about 2 years later all hairy and with deep voices. (And sometimes the hair is a bit on the wild side!!)
Producer Christine Alderson (Valhalla Rising)
Meanwhile, some girlfriends of mine and I are going to see Tom Green tonight. My memories of him include his bout with testicular cancer, being married to Drew Barrymore, and his MTV show from the 90's that made my inner 15-year-old boy laugh so hard root beer simultaneously foamed and squirted out of my nose.
My hubby went scuba diving every morning---so we were up early. I went snorkeling several times and that was fun. We also went on a nighttime catamaran sailing---was a perfect night with millions of stars!
Ravenell said, “In an abundance of caution, we worked with district officials to close school today to collect evidence and repair damages in advance of class resuming tomorrow. Anyone with information on the incident should contact the Sheriff’s Office at 803-534-3550.”
Professor : Yet you still Believe in Him?
Clicking on the image below will take you to the youtube page.
We had a candy bar where people could come to the table and fill a box with their choice of candy to take home.
Books like this are saviors for readers like Wesley. It's a book that he can read and read again. So the next time he's "out of books," he can return to the Worst-Case Scenario books until he finds his next read. Wesley has me thinking about more books for kids like him. Kids who love to read, but feel like they are "out of books."
My wife, bagging a Sweet Chocolate pepper flower with a muslin sack to avoid cross pollination as we grow all of our varieties so close to each other.
brace to make a 'Z'. (Never mind that my 'Z' is backwards!)
The lethal injection of Beunka Adams, 29, was carried out less than three hours after the U.S. Supreme Court rejected a last-day appeal to postpone the punishment, the fifth this year in Texas.
In order to come up with the Core Values in each area, reach into your heart. Imagine 40 years from now. What do you want people saying about how you spent your life? What traits do you admire in others? Some examples might be that you Value philanthropy, intelligence, generosity, nutrition and finding balance, accumulating wealth, constantly reinventing yourself, etc. (For another example see my post 8 Rules That I Live By)
All words and music by Chris Braun.
How can I bring glory to God? How may God be glorified?
and most important of all
he smiles. a lot.
What else are you working on? Secrets? Inside scoops? Give us the juicy stuff! Juicy? Can I offer you a soft orange? I’m working on the third book, tentatively titled CassaStorm.
When Steve Jobs succumbed to cancer last fall, for instance, I shed many a tear. I’d cut my teeth in technology developing programs in BASIC as an 8-year old on the Apple IIe. Gargantuan and cumbersome in comparison to its successor diminutive Mac Mini and MacBook incarnations, the Apple II product line was revolutionary for its time. Jobs (and Steve Wozniak) moved computers from the realm of government and multi-billion dollar corporations, into the schools and homes of the masses.
While teaching math to students, I have hypothesized why this occurs and it doesn't have anything to do with intelligence.
Believe me, if I caught even a glace of a boob once in a while (or a lesbian make out scene, or random skinny dipping, or impromptu orgy) I wouldn't be on the internet even half as much. But the girls decided that I was posting about my asian roommate too much and not fawning over them.
We are so excited to share all the giveaways!!!
Welcome to Buried Treasure: an online, collaborative project that invites art bloggers to go into the depths of their blogs and dig for buried treasure. Each participant was asked to repost one (or more) or their favorite posts from their own blog. There are so many brilliant artists out there but so little time to explore all their work fully. This gives us all an opportunity to see highlights from posts we may have missed from so many of our favorite bloggers!
6. Have your students draw out ideas for their machines. Or not. Follow your kids’ leads. If they’re list-makers, let them make lists. If they feel the need instead to just get started, then let them. Again, this is all about process.
He never played. With just the hint of a smile Meg looked in her mother’s face, “Michael?”
Therefore there simply is not enough independent evidence to conclude that Jesus existed and performed the miracles attributed to him in the Bible.
Hot on the heels of this news is Legend Press’ New Generation Publishing will offer an unpublished author a traditional contract to the bestselling title from their next 300 submissions. The NGP title that sells the most copies by June 2010 will be offered a traditional contract with Legend's imprint Paperbooks.
He added: "If that wasn’t enough, once in the cell at the police station, a Muslim policeman came to him and asked him if he is Muslim and if he is gay, to which he replied yes. He was beaten up some more."
But now that you're getting married and starting the next chapter in your life, wouldn't it be nice to finally get some advice you may be able to use?
A Time to take a moment away from the candy, the bunnies and the food;
A few weeks ago I wrote about the specialty bottlings from the Party Source liquor store in Kentucky which are now available through on-line shipping (to certain states). I'll be sampling a variety of these over the coming weeks, and the first to go is the Buffalo Trace Experimental Collection Rye 'n Barrel.
Vulnerability and weakness define real intimacy in a relationship.Without these two,
Only an organisation obsessed with the creed of diversity and lacking in moral integrity would have allowed a swaggering, criminal bully like Dizaei to rise up its hierarchy and gain a senior position.
Or the drunk Judge Nkola Motata who keeps crashing his expensive cars.
To all my new Jedi Followers: Thanks so much for following! I'll get to following back as soon as I can :)
No cracks of light
Now, of course, Rousseau is a misogynist. Indeed, the words ‘woman’ or ‘women’ appear only three times in the whole book – once in the phrase “excluding foreigners, women, children, or slaves”, and the other two times in commenting on relative fecundity in different climates.
Sé gathered up the pictures and studied her. “What did the symbols mean?”
I know I’ve mentioned that Ryan is eerily smart. Currently, I’m working with him on signing. He’s about the same age Isabel was when it all started clicking for her. And its clicking for him too. Except I think he thinks its a big fat waste of time and Mom is a little bit slow for trying to communicate that way. For example, if he runs out of strawberries and I ask him if he wants more (while making the sign for more) he looks at me like…”ummmm, yes, you got it Mom, I want more. Why do you keep doing all that crap with your hands over and over again and asking me again if I want more?” Then he says “mo mo”. So….I don’t think we’ll get much signing out of him.
I sprayed the background, added some water with a tiny bit of Perfect Pearls, and sprayed through some sequin waste, then flipped that over and pressed down on the other side (hence the inky fingers!). The bees and letters are stamped in archival with a white pen highlighting.
Over the years, I have grown increasingly uncomfortable with the notion of religion. Mostly when it encroaches into my thought space in the form of the question, what religion are you?
Seriously, I’ve been having this blog for maybe two months, so I’m kinda still new to here, but still kinda not getting if this thing even have any algorithm or logic to it. You write for an hour getting deep into your thoughts and emotions, getting serious and concentrated, trying to really create something useful and interesting, something responsive that will be true to yourself and important for others, you feel like open up, talking deep out of your soul. You wrote it, you feel really good about it, oh no, even more, you’re proud of it! And so you post it. Aaaaaand….. nothing happens! It gets 10 views for the whole day, a couple of likes and a big ‘meh’ from deep out of your soul. You almost hear those quirky sarcastic laughs inside of your head.
Originally by: Trey Songz & Ne-Yo
Scarbs
Selebi should be prosecuted ¬ ICD
We did alot of staring into the water this day. I had seen a school of dolphins the day before and pretty sure I saw a sea turtle. Justin was feeling left out so he started staring off with me. We saw a huge sting ray out in the middle of the ocean. Had to have been 10 feet across easily.
Plato agreed more had to be done and invited businessmen to establish a Plettenberg Bay central city improvement district similar to those set up in Cape Town, which had curtailed crime levels by up to 90%.
There were of course some who would slip up now and again, but there were so many smart people involved that these slip ups would always be caught. The checks and balances were always there.
Christian, the world is watching.
Where the body lay on the table was outlined a broken crust of matter, and the white glow emanating from the crystal bathed the corpse floating above it in light. Bones were knitting back together. Clumping sand formed musculature as she watched. Swirling dust began to solidify into a golden skirt about the waist of the emaciated corpse.
I simply cannot READ the word with the "blob" behind it.
A Stunning statement from Professor Alan Dershowitz…
To support security with collections, I do agree with many aspects of ACLR’s security and precedures, although I’m not too familiar with hidden markings. I feel rather uncomfortable marking originals unless there is some sort of identification marking for a negative surrogate. I will say, my department does initial interviews, registration, and screening outside the reading room. We also do not allow notebooks, big bulky coats, cameras, or other loose papers generally into the reading room with materials. We have asked patrons to review their notes and boxes they have used after they are finished in the reading room before. Most people are ok with that and so far, as far as we know, no reports of theft.
Or, you may prefer to layer all ingredients in a parfait glass for an eye and kid pleasing treat.
On Monday, I was looking after Wee L for an hour. Miss C and Wee L are the same age and played quite nicely together. I had them making me toast and cups of tea (pretend ones of course!) which they loved. I wonder if they'll be as obliging when they are older?
APU offers quality and credibility: APU is a member institution of regionally- and nationally-accredited American Public University System (APUS), recognized as a leading education provider by numerous military, federal, private and public sector employers. Also, leading practitioners in a wide range of fields teach APU/AMU classes.
“Yes”
Having said all that, I thought this would be a fun card to send to a friend, especially in the spring or summer. So I may be sending this to a friend sometime soon
When the passion has waned, and the joy turns to pain, when the stress overbears and does anyone care?
I won’t copy and paste the whole altercation here, there’s no point. It ended with me apologizing and her asking me not to swear on her blog.
I Peter 5:8-10 (NLT)
wish me luck b~ i’ll be back soon.
My final purchase is what I may well wear to my sister's wedding in December and is not of the 'vintage' variety. As well as more vintage than you can believe there are lots of little designer boutiques and young designer pop-ups and so on in the area. This one is from The Laden Showroom where there are lots of little niches and each niche is a different designer. It's well priced too - plus there is a sale on!
- Heard Uncle was in town from Jeddah. So Honey and I went to meet him at his home. Fortunately everyone was there including uncle. He ordered home pizza with choco lava cake. Again yum!
“What,” asked Blaine.
Bright colors used to adorn my cabinet: scarlet red, chartreuse, magenta, lime, and vermillion. I remember when the 80s made a comeback and people in Manila started wearing these hues, and the world seemed like a rainbow. My friends and I would wear layers of shirts and polos, bright colored Chucks and bandanas and it was one big delightful explosion of colors.
I get books for him to read, make soups, stock up on juices and kleenex.
2010.08.26 Thailand Yala 1 0 Muslim terrorists gun down a Buddhist railway worker.
Ecclesiastes 2:4-11 lays out Solomon’s great work and the results.
I don't want to put all my eggs in one basket and take the chance of missing out on another child who may become just as adoptable and complete our lives as R and Q. We may end up meeting with R and Q and realizing that we just aren't suitable matches. There are so many variables that it's difficult to make the decision.
Quin - serve us delightful food
Maybe it’s the scent of salt and seaweed that makes us contemplate our lives when we’re near the ocean, or maybe it’s the rhythm of the tides blending with the beating of our hearts.
Here is an example of an unedited photo.....
The practical application requirement ensures that something which is a mere idea or discovery is not patented – it must be concrete and tangible. This requires some sort of manifestation or effect or change of character. However, it is important to remain focused on the requirement for practical application rather than merely the physicality of the invention. The language in Lawson must not be interpreted to restrict the patentability of practical applications which might, in light of today’s technology, consist of a slightly less conventional “change in character” or effect that through a machine such as a computer. Also there was this also-interesting interpretation of Bilski:
The book says to heat the sugar until it reaches 300 degrees then plunge it in a ice water bath until it cools down to 250. Set a wooden spoon over the kitchen counter with the handle part suspended. Then drizzle the sugar over the spoon so that the handle catches the caramel strands. The method doesn't work because the spoon doesn't catch any of the threads and dollops of caramel just fall onto the newspaper I laid below. Putting the hot caramel in a ice bath doesn't work either because the outside hardens immediately and the center is still piping hot.
It helps buy their silence & their loyalty
Airplane: Boeing 747
155The darksome pines that o'er yon rocks reclin'd
2012 HOMICIDES IN SANTA CRUZ COUNTY
I mean who could blame them? We wanted to leave the building too. Must admit though it was a very worrying time and a total relief when we caught up with them at the services just outside Newcastle. Phew, panic over.
We were cemented in our war with the red-fleshed salmon like our ancestors had been in their war with the red-coated English.
The rest of the box was packed full of ripped-out magazine pages. I didn’t get it at first, but I thought it was kind of mysterious and half-expected them to be clues to a puzzle or riddle that lay at the bottom of the box. I took the first ten out one-by-one and laid them carefully on my desk. After a bit I finally realized that they were just the stuffing. The fanciest stuffing I’ve ever seen!
Fans who won’t get to see the band live this Summer haven’t been forgotten, either. The band has also announced that it will be releasing one of its many archived live shows this month. Its “Live From American University” concert from December 30, 1970 will be released next Tuesday on Peach Records/Entertainment One Music.
The characteristic shockwave aggression of his previous outings is still channeled for maximum impact, but the gun-to-temple blasts of tracks like "Gotta Get Out" and "Vertigo" deliver their powder-keg payloads with a newly discovered blood rush of excitement. Futurist is the most brutally uplifting Empire has ever sounded.
So. How much did it cost you to fill up?
The castle started spinning
“It was a bit rough for the first month after the surgery,” Olivia told us, ”but I never experienced any pain.” Her system merely had to regain its balance, she added.
The sun shines brightly it seems even when it’s raining everywhere else in Queensland and I scored perfect weather for the entire week. For those who love photography, wildlife or just lazing about on the beach and relaxing, Lady Elliot is your ultimate getaway paradise.
A new computer desk is on order and, I hope, on its way to me as I type. So I have no photos - as yet - of the new computer desk.
So for several Wednesday evenings now, at least, that hand of Mr Plummer's... lessons in concentration. He does not necessarily make her sing whilst he is doing it, though. He mostly does it while he is talking. So really that business about learning to concentrate on her singing... No, Delia knows really that Mr Plummer simply likes doing it. As Mr Merrydrew would like doing it if he got half a chance. This totally abhorrent thing. It makes her perspire to think about it. When she is at home with Raymond for instance. Delia can scarcely believe she can do this: stand here and let Mr Plummer do it. But she can, she does. And this is not all. Oh no. There is the rest of it.
Back to explosives. Their eyes light up like from nothing else. It’s weird. (Non)Jokes about lost fingers and eyebrows aside, fireworks are serious here. They turn up in high culture. At a 700-year-old mansion of the ‘chieftain’ (their word) of the Naxi people down here in Yunan (we’re visiting southwestern China, beside Burma — town of Lijian), the leader’s palace had wooden carved windows. Along with birds, dragons, flowers, there were decorative images of fireworks.
Eric and I woke up this morning with 5 inches of snow, EVERYWHERE! Neither of us were thrilled, to say the least. We both used to live in Missouri, so we're quite accostumed to the snow, but that doesn't mean we like it! After shoveling snow off the truck, we trudged our way to Ihop. That place was an absolute mad-house. Not only were there tens of thousands of people there, but apparently they were short-staffed. According to our waiter, everyone had called off work because of the terrifying white powder stuff on the road. Come one people, it's snow! It's not that scary!
We came for a visit here in June 1999, right after 16 year old Karman Willis was killed on his property. Everyone thought that Mr. Ludwig was a nutcase at that time. They blamed him for her death. As people who were visiting from somewhere else, we didn’t fully understand all the dynamics of this situation. I wondered why young teens would be driving around his property in the middle of the night? Why would they be there when things were so tense between the Ludwigs and the rest of the community? Why would they be driving on anyone’s property at that hour?? I’ve since come to learn that it is broad daylight at 4:00 in the morning at that time of year, in this part of the country. So, it wasn’t dark. Never-the-less, it is still not a time when people visit each other. I am not blaming Karman for her death though. The situation was complicated.
This Kat believes it would be better for all concerned, however, for there to be a transcript or even a plain audio recording of the proceedings. The EPO does not offer this service, and woe betide the representative who brings in and activates a recording device (such as the now ubiquitous smartphone). While the EPC and its Rules are neutral about the question of recording oral proceedings, and it's not clear what penalty could be meted out to someone who did record the goings-on at oral proceedings, the EPO issued the following notice way back in 1986:
***Please excuse the horrible quality photos, they are taken with a phone,
Domtom Publishing is a recent newcomer to the author solutions scene. They are based in West Sussex in the UK. They describe themselves as ‘…literally a breath of fresh air to book writers’ and were founded by people from the ‘print industry’ with over 30 years combined experience.
You can learn more about the sessions or register at:
There’s a ton of info that’s good to know. And the fact that these guys are trained and experts and it’s their job to be up to date on all the goings on in the legal side of special needs info…. priceless.
Picture above "See Something or Say Something: New York" Caption reads: "Red dots are locations of Flickr pictures. Blue dots are locations of Twitter tweets. White dots are locations that have been posted to both." Image courtesy Eric Fischer, who pretty much has the coolest Flickr stream ever.
Dr. A came in and said how relieved she and Jan were when they got the ultrasound report and it was completely normal. She said they don't normally call with the results when they are normal, but I was one patient that they just had to call.
Jackson's always grounded from something. Usually it's his mouth that gets him trouble.
“I’m Nikolas, but my friends all call me Nikki.”
“Oh, stop fighting it, brother! Don’t you get it? You’re in love! And didn’t it ever cross your mind that maybe all the years that you and this girl were apart just caused you to unknowingly long for her more? So when you saw her again, everything that was starting to click inside of you exploded like a volcano because the other side of you clearly understood that the more you learned about what love really means, the more you realize that it’s everything you felt the very first time you were caught in her gaze.”
And out of necessity, that is the lessen I am going to attempt with my garden this year. Where for most of the last decade I have put a huge amount of effort into trying to keep the local critters out of my substantial garden, I just don’t have the time or energy for that now.
"Phillip is my first name."
this war-ship is sinking, and I still believe in anchors
For £65.00 I expected a slightly more luxurious hard wearing packaging so this product is perfect for people who keep their make-up pristine on their dressing table but probably not for those that need to transport it around in their handbag or kit.
This story is now coming out, and we have some alternative news about uprising within America by “patriots” who want mass arrests of the criminals who have betrayed the American people and stolen our wealth.
I do like the addition of Captain Stacy to the ever increasing cast taking from Spectacular Spider-Man. Good to know that series is living on in some form that even things like super-confusing rights issues can’t stop. Pretty sure a point is being made in having the VAs not even attempt at making a new voice for the series, too. I can accept things like Captain Stacy/Faraday and MJ/Black Canary just being a natural fit, but some things like Tinkerer/Klarion is just so out there that you’d think they’d have cast someone else entirely, and yet they didn’t. Double brownie points to Greg Weisman.
I am K—. Poetess, Essayist, Chronicle Blogger, Plus-size Pinup Model, Narrator, Performer, Hopeless Romantic and Magnet for Ridiculousness and Disaster. I am host to the "Shades of K--: Chronicles of Libidacoria" podcast, "Libidacoria: The Late Night Talk Show" and the "Shades of K--: Chronicles of Libidacoria Erotic Tales Collection." I'm the author of the controversial and erotic poetry collections entitled "Libidacoria: In a Plain Brown Wrapper" and "4play." And am rumored to be on Sirius XM's Playboy Radio Spice Radio Channel 103 coming soon in 2012. This rumor, I confirm.
Until 1960, the church was open for services, it continued in operation. The authorities destroyed it under the pretext that the building was too close to the Metro station, but the real reason for its destruction was their desire to eradicate an Orthodox community. Fr Vladimir related that the church was just another victim of Khrushchyov’s persecution of the Church. However, for Muscovites, it’s very important to restore it now. Aleksandr Kibovsky, the head of the Moscow Municipal Department of Cultural Heritage agreed with Fr Vladimir, saying, “Today, only a few can remember why Preobrazhensky Square in Moscow is called that… because there’s nothing of the ‘Transfiguration’ left there. At one time, it was one of the most beautiful places in Moscow”.
future — it appears to me that everyone who may be expected to benefit from the course of action petitioners seek to require public respondents to take, is vested with the necessary locus standi. The Court may be seen therefore to be recognizing a beneficiaries’ right of action in the field of environmental protection, as against both the public administrative agency directly concerned and the private persons or entities operating in the field or sector of activity involved. Whether such beneficiaries’ right of action may be found under any and all circumstances, or whether some failure to act, in the first instance, on the part of the governmental agency concerned must be shown (“prior exhaustion of administrative remedies”), is not discussed in the decision and presumably is left for future determination in an appropriate case.
In the end, though, the real reason why Hop exists is because of money. It began, as most evil things do, in the head of some marketing specialist at a major movie studio. The question was asked ‘why aren’t there any kids movies about Easter?’ and the answer was ‘because everybody else thought it was a stupid idea.’ Millions of dollars in sales, however, is never stupid, and so the producers went to their rolodex to find a bunch of people not proud enough to turn down the money they would be offered to write a ridiculous movie about an easter bunny coming to America.
Natalia’s grandfather was born in 1932 in the remote village of Galina in the mountains many miles to the NW of The City. He was still a child when a strange and unknown wild animal appeared in the hills near Galina. The etchings in the Jungle Book were used to identify the animal as a tiger, so it was called was called Shere Kahn, the name used by Kipling. Perhaps it was the very tiger escaped from the Belgrade Zoo, who’s to say.
Have fun, and I should have a back to school give away here pretty soon!
We were enjoying dessert. I began to tell her a story from my misspent youth. I looked down at my plate, marshaling my thoughts. When I looked up, judge my surprise when I saw my beloved CW sporting an orange smile.
“So what’s your favourite Malaysian dish?”
Reprinted from Pure Facts, the newsletter
OBSTACLES: Although Greene (the Twilight franchise) and Felton (Draco Malfoy in the Harry Potter franchise) have face value, none of the cast has name value as of yet.
Proposals called for six miles of platform that connected to both elevated trains stations and, presumably, the actual subway platform under construction at City Hall. Passengers got to their seats by a double layer of 'stepping platforms' which moved at different speeds -- 2 1/2, 5 and 7 miles per hour. In theory, one simply alighted from one conveyor to the next. Imagine how fun this would be with a baby carriage or an armful of packages!
Become a monthly subscriber to the monthly kit and you will automatically get the kit before it goes to "public" sale and you will save enough to get another 3 whiole kits a year!!
it has been sitting, unfinished, in my living room for a year now.
So there you go…what I’ve been up to the past couple of weeks. Can’t WAIT to decorate this for Christmas! The guys even moved the outlet (behind the candlesticks) so I can still have my twinkling lights up there.
In my own little world, population: me
Your sorrows call out, they echo throughout
And it’s all like that, just this slick as hell UI letting you do what you actually want to do: colonize, build, diplomacize, and murder. Also interesting is that the battle system seems a bit unique. Basically you make important decisions, but leave the actual to-do to mostly automated processes. On the one hand, I like telling everything what to do. On the other hand, part of the allure of being a Space Ruler is that you get to order people to do shit and make them figure it out. If the system allows for actually interesting tactical decision-making in the battles, it’ll definitely be fun. Particularly if new techs open up the field a bit more.
PRIVATE ARRANGEMENTS, a Publisher Weekly Best Book of 2008. Her sophomore book, DELICIOUS, is a Library Journal Best Romance of 2008. Her next two books, NOT QUITE A HUSBAND and HIS AT NIGHT, are back-to-back winners of Romance Writers of America's prestigious RITA® Award for Best Historical Romance in 2010 and 2011. Lisa Kleypas calls her "the most powerfully original historical romance author working today."
to Show and Tell after
Rosen's comments have sparked an uproar among Republicans, who have called on Democratic National Committee chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz to apologize on Rosen's behalf for the comments, which they're casting as an "affront to mothers everywhere."
Now that it is already March (seriously, where is 2012 going?) I’ve decided to dedicate this month to writing. Of course I’ll keep up with my challenges but I’m going to be more diligent with my time management. More working, less procrastinating. Sure, it’s easier said than done so what’s going to keep me from slacking off? How about the May 15th deadline for the Austin Film Festival’s Screenwriting Competition? I figured, in my current financial and geographical situation, the best way to get my writing out there is to enter competitions. Now, I have no expectations in terms of winning but there’s no harm in trying. I have a sitcom pilot I’m going to submit and if I can finish in time I’ll have a comedy feature film to submit also.
So now you are up to date on yet another cliffhanger from Good Burp. I'm sure there are a few more, but lets move on.
Rating:6/6
As you should be able to see,
Weight: 19lbs 2 oz
15. Not providing direct telephone/support contact.
care in deconstructing the erstwhile Little Cave by meticulously
Hosted by the inaccurately named Cedric The Entertainer this primetime game show found contestants being asked the questions ‘it’s worth what?!’ in a variety of different ways over the course of an hour. Taking place in a giant warehouse filled with all sorts of CRAZY objects and AMAZING junk It’s Worth What? was a loud, bloated final round of The Price Is Right only with more stuffed horses and forced catchphrases like the excruciating “are you sure sure?” We’re all sure sure we want you to stop now Cedric.
Couldn't resist the chance to get into the San Gabriel Mts with Dominic, Jorge, Chris and Katie as the local tour guides. Though not my first time in the range, the Gabes are impressively steep, high and rugged, especially considering their extreme proximity to L.A.
Cole was a man who raised himself up through the American system by his own talent and toil, and so he knew first-hand the meaning and promise of human potential. He clearly believed in the American system. Where New York born cartoonists like Simon and Kirby, and Will Eisner depicted slums and urban decay, Cole's cities looked like nice places to live, even if they were populated by bizarre criminals.
Start over at a new job? Doing something you just learned?
We had a bit of a speed-dating experience with the authors (58 total in attendance, I believe!), and had a few minutes to spend with each (or two at a time) to ask them questions, listen to them talk about their books, their upcoming projects, the weather, whatever, lol. It was the first year that YART has done this event, and I really hope they do it again! My only disappointment was that we didn’t have the opportunity to meet with more authors, but there wasn’t the time.
What is the future of facebook?
Nate is a young man who is at a cross roads. He knows he is dependent on his boyfriend, but he also knows he must let Adam go so that he can fulfill his dreams. Even if it means that they will be separated for months and by countless miles. It tears his young heart apart. Adam has only been in his life for a short time, but without Adam, Noah just wouldn’t be.
We can go back and prove the "Island" manipulated and altered people's perception and memory, drugged them, and brain washed them. We've seen proof of the illusion, of things being faked, contrived, use of costumes, wigs/beards, props, decoy villages, scripts, cameras, fake bird sounds, and so much more. The visitors were assigned roles, jobs and names. Their needs were met; including food drops, medical supplies and some comforts of home.
These next couple verses have been used wrongheaded by Christians too many times through history. The history of Christianity has proven that no one has ever been able to do the “works” in the sense of miracles that Jesus did, nor should we expect to. What Jesus wanted the disciples to understand is that the same Spirit that endowed Him would endow the Church. He was not indicating that we would do greater miracles, but that the Church would be empowered for missions and ministry across the globe. The point of Christ and the point of the Church has never to perform miracles, but to proclaim redemption. If we look at the impact of the Church has had on culture it has never been through signs and wonders. Yes there have been foibles that stick out like a sore thumb, but the spread of the gospel, the abolition of slavery, the equal treatment of women, the respect for childhood, institutions of higher learning, the basis for true science and the list goes on and on have all flourished because of Christianity. Here-in lies the “greater works” that Jesus speaks of. Jesus ministry, which was limited, extends to the very ends of the earth because He went to the Father.
Female acquaintance: OK, so Abbie, what’s your type?
Wish her luck! Especially with the volcano which shoots rubber chickens and wrapped gum.
Static firing has ended. Now we wait for the analysis of the data.
Twenty-year-old Jason Auerbach was an army sergeant and a two-year veteran with 12 months in the infantry in Italy. Awaiting discharge in Camp Crowder, Missouri, he wrote a prize-winning essay for the “My Home Town This Christmas” contest sponsored by the camp. His essay favorably impressed the judges and, upon awarding him first prize, released his prizewinner to the newspapers back home. The New York Herald Tribune printed his essay. The young soldier also miraculously made it home in time for Christmas in Brooklyn.
Our preschooler has caught wind of what’s going on, a nice positive thing to look forward to in the midst of all our doom and gloom lately. If a new house is being built, she wants to have a say in what it looks like. Here is her proposal to the design team.
Freedom at last!
- True love
RB
so phenomenal. I know that they will continue to be inspiring to
In short, I did a personal re-evaluation and set a new target weight loss goal.
Of course, it’s not. In today’s pay-as-you-go world, being cool is a luxury few can afford. This accounts for the extreme discomfort we may be seeing in our media and, to a lesser extent — they still have more money — Hollywood. Our media, our journos, depend on being thought cool and, consequently and perhaps more importantly, thinking of themselves as cool. When they suspect they are not, they begin to behave like worker bees when the queen is killed. They tend to run around and act out. After a while, they seem lost. Their numbers dwindle.
1. Opinion Place: You are given a new survey on this site about once per week, and they will pay you accordingly..usually $2-$3. They pay you with a Paypal or Amazon certificate sent to your email account. It doesn’t seem like a lot of money, but it adds up over time! Add this to other survey sites you use, and it helps.
I hope everybody has a fabulous weekend! As for myself, I gotta go now~! Busy busy busy~
God says I promise you some land: others have it now, but what of it? Go get it.
Red Russian kale (end of June?).
However, let us be clear, apart from a coroner's jury, no court of law has ever found that Stephen Lawrence was killed by racially motivated whites. That Lawrence was the victim of a racist murder is mainly the verdict of the media, a bunch of politicians and the usual suspects in the race industry. They may claim it is true, because they say it is, but that is not the way justice works in this, or any other civilised country. Under British justice a person remains innocent until proven guilty, whatever Billy Bragg, Ken Livingstone or the editor of the Daily mail may think.
5 boxes of cereal
Saute the onions in oil and butter until they are translucent and start to turn brown. Add in the garlic and saute for another 30 seconds. Pour into a bowl and reserve. Fry the bacon on high, breaking apart pieces that are stuck together. When half of them have turned brown and crispy, take it off the heat and let them finish in the hot oil. Pour into the bowl with the onions and garlic.
Just tired, as usual.
And we, as adoptive parents, want to find something to give our children when they come to us looking for answers. The urge is to create a past, or even just a tiny hint of a past to offer as a temporary balm on a gaping wound.
I had their BLT bagel, it's my favourite.
Several problems with this statement.
Each maiden is new, but has much to say.
Don and I went out the see him run and pass the flame to the next torch bearer. It was an exciting and much more emotional moment that I had anticipated.
What wasn't so nice was hearing a blood curdling scream around 2:30 am their first night in the same room.
5. If you are adding cheese, form the patties around the cheese, pushing it into the center. Hence, the "inside out" cheeseburger. As the burger cooks the cheese will melt and give the burger a whole other level of yummy-ness. Gouda, Mozzarella, Cheddar, Pepper Jack and even goat cheese would be pretty fantastic for this.
Jacket: La Redoute
I love experimenting with new techniques as well as "thrashing" the trusty faves! I just enjoy the "ride" when creating a layout and, in a nutshell, I would describe my style as colourful, fun and funky!
Well I don't even know where to begin with this part of the story. I am so glad I had the werewithal to beg Majo to come and translate for me. "Don't you want El Rafa to be your novio? Why don't you want El Rafa to be your novio?" Matias would ask. First of all I don't understand what the hell he is saying. In fact I don't think anyone really understands what the hell he is saying. Two he is kind of smelly. Soap, water El Rafa, make it your friend. Three El Rafa really isn't my type. My card was read out on air (see September entry Palabras, words), and my emailbox was flooded with letters, most wanting to fill the vacant novio position. (Position has now been filled!) Some of the letters were quite sweet (Hi Santiago!), most very vulgar!
I can't begin to tell you how many of these single-serving cakes I've had this week plus the strong urge to swing from power lines was undeniable.
If any reader doubts the value of marketing for a beverage, all she or he has to do is catch a view--or, more realistically, read this article--which highlights, albeit superficially of course, how the seemingly ludicrous proposition of a bottled-water market grew from an aberration to "one of the biggest success stories in the modern food and beverage industry":
Doug Holder: Can you talk about the Small Press Book Fair?
drain away
She still seemed a bit lost so I asked her where she wanted to go, and she told me the library. Well by her luck that is just around the corner from my school which I was very near late for at this stage.
This inventory of plutonium for weapons production also does not include 241Pu, a beta emitter with a half life of 14 years and the ninth most common constituent of LWR spent fuel at 150 days cooling. 241Pu is produced at a rate of 3,850 Ci per mw/yr; the annual production of 241Pu from commercial nuclear power production is: 250,000,000 Ci/yr, with the cumulative total as of Jan. 1, 1991 listed at 2,490,000,000 Ci. See ORNL Integrated Database, pg. 261. The daughter product of 241Pu is Americium-241.
Perfect show. And then perfect dessert at a place called the dessert truck. Chocolate bread pudding and Chocolate lava cakes with homemade ice cream. Then off to sleep off the food coma I was headed into.
We begin this choice with an anchor chart:
Me: Salam alaykom akhoya. Peace be with you my brother.
We reserve the right not to comment on blogs with word verification in place ,,,,
All sensible folk are terrified of the vicious Shark but we go goosebumpy over the lovely Dolphin with its smiley face and flappy flippers. The Dolphin is also a merciless hunter, just not of people. Many people love ‘birds’ “Oh I love birds” they will proclaim. But I am going to go out on a limb and bet this does not include Vultures so much.
Shot entirely in HD, this stunning portrait of a Nation includes time-lapses, footage of wild and remote landscapes, Personal Interviews, and rare archival photos.
1 1/2 tsp. paprika
My family doesn't follow a strict 100 mile diet but we do like to try to buy food from New England, since it's a pretty small area of the country and is a good limit to focus on.
Horse Fly
I made this early this morning and dropped it off at my folk's house. My mom works at an elementary school so she brought it to the teacher's lounge.
3) The texture can drastically change a gray blend with demi-permanent color. It can help calm the coarseness.
for you are beautiful
Dr. Marty McInturff, one of five official veterinarians on the course, said Arcadius succumbed from “a heart attack” and a possible aneurysm. The results of a necropsy examination are expected Monday at the earliest.
On the line A-G mark the points I, J, C and E such that
The premise: It's 1996, and Josh and Emma have been neighbors their whole lives. They've been best friends almost as long - at least, up until last November, when Josh did something that changed everything. Things have been weird between them ever since, but when Josh's family gets a free AOL CD in the mail,his mom makes him bring it over so that Emma can install it on her new computer. When they sign on, they're automatically logged onto their Facebook pages. But Facebook hasn't been invented yet. And they're looking at themselves fifteen years in the future.
Fabric Book Round Robin
Boiling an unopened can of milk may alarm some people; however, I can tell you that this is a safe and normal part of the banoffee making procedure. Having said that, do use extreme care when doing this. Make sure you completely submerge the can of milk in water. Never let the water evaporate below the can of milk. And keep topping up with water when necessary.
All through the tasting, neat morsels of delicious food appeared, such as ribs, mini hamburgers, spicy chicken etc. All were excellent accompaniments to the beers. As the beers started to cause people to lose their shyness, questions began to flow and the event became much more interactive and relaxed. We then sampled another experimental beer, Cuvee de la Crochet Rouge Rose. If you like complex gueze like Belgians, which I do, it was a wonderful complex beer. Ghostie's description is spot on, so check that out. Black Chocolate Stout needs no introduction and it lived up to its promise, with a complex array of roasty flavours and evident alcohol. Lastly we had one I'd been looking forward to. BLAST is a 9.0% beer described as a "Big IPA". It lived up to its billing and was big on C hops (though) English hops were used too. A great beer to finish on and one I wished I'd been able to get another glass of.
In the interview Harvey didn’t give much details of their ‘romance’ but said they had been friends for years before growing closer after Cheryl had split with her ex – husband Ashley Cole: “We started confiding in each other. A lot of it was like: “We can’t trust anyone out there, so we’re just gonna trust each other.”
BFF- brain feels fried
I’m beginning to think this guy’s main goal in life is to become a walking one-man supply of bulletin board material for every school in the SEC.
Hi to all-- Judith Bruce, Fran McClennen and I are suggesting that OPC sponsor a series of disussion groups prior to town meeting in homes throughout the town for our members and friends. Judith and/or I would attend each meeting to facilitate the discussion and we would use the Q/A's that we all reviewed at our last board meeting as a basis on which to begin the discussions. Fran will coordinate these discussion groups by finding people who would host a meeting at their house. She will also help hosts with invitations and can supply lists of invitees to supplement the host's list. We would hope that some of you would volunteer to host one of these meetings. If you are able to do so, please email Fran to let her know. Then you can contact me and/or Judith so that we can find a mutually convenient time to hold the meeting.
James Storm has the mic, Bobby Roode, one half of Beer Money, and the future World Heavyweight champion. They didn’t know what they wanted when they formed teams. They made Chicken poop out of chicken salad. He couldn’t say the other word. But he remembers the times Bobby was talking on the phone with his son, saying how much he misses him, it comes down to Bound for Glory. The World Heavyweight Title match with Kurt Angle. James said he won’t lie, he wishes it was him, but Bobby is like his brother. He was going to give this long speech, but the people want to see wrestling, and he was going to make Roode cry. But he will close in saying this, hey Kurt Angle, sorry about your damn luck.
The pass can also be used anywhere you see this logo:
Of course, at the time, there wasn't anything online for the boys that would match and so I've spent 10 months or so noodling about what the boys were going to wear. About a month ago I was in a second hand store and saw this sherpa sweatshirt that was nearly identical to the fabric of the dresses for $4.29.
Dr. Seuss' The Lorax ... ABC Family ... 9:30 AM
I wonder how many of Persephone's customers have been drawn there by womanly word-or-mouth? Sarah in Oxford told Elizabeth, and Elizabeth in New York told me, and I have told all of my bookish friends about this special place. It isn't meant to be a best-kept secret, but I'm often surprised by how many of Persephone's most obvious customers aren't aware of its existence. The induction of an Oregonian is one thing, but some of my fellow Austenians hadn't known about it either.
Global Warming has given the Empire a global crisis and an unlimited mandate to resolve the crisis. What the threat of war was to a united Europe and the threat of poverty was to a federalized United States, the threat of a melting planet is to the Empire of Poverty. It is an open question whether the economic collapse of any of the smaller entities will inhibit the rise of the Empire or prevent it from coming to being. Every resource crisis gives the Empire another reason to consolidate control of resources in the name of the public good, and then eliminate access to those resources in the name of the planetary good.
about your childhood: how you would dance unselfconsciously to pop
Have you guessed what it is yet?
They say that no one understands the creative mind – well I do. I’ve
He apparently wears some kind of magic watch that allows him to turn into aliens or something equally as stupid. Superhero creation stories tend to be stupid as is but a watch that turns you into an alien takes the biscuit. I've never actually watched the show but I can't imagine it's any good. At least all the cartoons I watched as a kid taught me important lessons like if hedgehogs walk over motorways they'll get flattened because they can't walk quick enough. A good, grounding lesson that teaches kids that life isn't fair so get used to it.
“If other community can do it why not us?’ said Brian who is also the chairman of the DAP think-thank, Dayak Consultative Committee.
The name “hambone” refers to the daily activities of the early African-American slave communities. In the days of slavery, families had to stretch the little food they were given, relying on their resourcefulness and creativity to survive under adverse conditions. The hambone (the bone of ham) was used to make a big pot of soup, which, with lots of water, and little scraps of vegetables and spices, was stretched to feed many families. That same hambone would be passed around and used repeatedly in different pots of soups, making something from nothing as a way of survival. (North American Dance)
The basement is as purged as it is going to get, peeps. Now it needs to be packed in boxes.
It was all spectacular – no fussing, just totally good days, followed by even better nights that included sessions that started in the hot tub
…The blast broke Beltran’s knee and leg, fractured his lower spine and buried shrapnel in his thigh; the violent jolt caused his brain injury. He suffered so many wounds that he had to pause in the retelling to make sure he hadn’t left anything out. He underwent 14 operations over the next year. “I was dealing with post-traumatic stress, anger, all the emotions, the ups and downs, the physical, emotional, psychological pain,” he told me. “I was really angry. I wanted to get healed and get back into the fight…”
Extra verses:
Travis Duggins: I did not enjoy working on this image at all LOL. But I sure did learn a lot from it. This painting definitely helped me become a better artist. Oh and my friend loved it too:-)
Dead Drunk
Yesterday I ran my first 10k ever. Actually it was a 10.8k, but whose counting? (We are, of course...) It was also my first race in Turkey and my first race in any foreign country.
2. Access to a garden with fresh fruit and vegetables.
-1 tsp ground coriander
- It can be sung during St. Mary’s fast and feast days, and even during Kiahk (Nativity fast)
Think of climbing a tree and then moving out on a branch or limb. The concern is whether the branch will be strong enough to support your weight. If it isn’t, the branch could break, and you would fall to the ground.
This is a killer disease and it’s affecting many Australian lives- we need to make a change and raise awareness. We can do things to prevent it, and by raising such funds, we can hopefully find a cure.
“Each of the seven chakras is associated with one of the seven endocrine glands, and also with a group of nerves called a plexus. Thus, each chakra can be associated with particular parts of the body and particular functions within the body controlled by that plexus or that endocrine gland associated with that chakra.”
One of them was going to have to speak, sooner or later. Pevan said, "Why do you know who I am?"
Some people have to go to work and don’t have time for all that :.
Eddie is now transitioning to the back, and landing some harder shots now. I’m not sure how much of this Mills can take.
The Volume 7 DVD is a collection of 19 episodes that are full of side-splitting, alien enriched humor. There are 3 DVDs and plenty of extras to fill up on. It is labeled as bearing extras that are “Too rude for TV”. And you know that TV sensors and removes a lot of content/
1. One of the first changes I made when I took a pay cut was starting to buy makeup at WalMart and CVS. When I was in college I discovered Benefit and it was ALL I bought from then on out. Of course in college I worked for disposable income and NOT to pay bills (hello student loan, I hate you). I had to discontinue that (although sometimes I will still splurge on Hoola bronzer or Erase Paste-loove Erase Paste for undereye circles/darkness) and go drugstore on my makeup. Overall it has not been bad at all and I think most drugstore makeup works just as well! I think this bronzer from e.l.f. is about as good as Benefit's Hoola. And the best part is it's $3!! Can't beat that. My verdict is that department store makeup is just not worth it.
Thanks for stopping by! :)
and that it becomes a part of you.
DS1's surgery and the State tournament make extended travel that week impossible, but I'd love to get away for just a day or two. I just have to figure out how to do that.
Who from His love can sever?
And now to address the art issue...
I spent a little time each day this past week tackling just the obvious trash about the house, doing a bit of laundry and getting the dishes all washed up. I'm proud to say that I am starting out the new year with a clean shiny sink. Well, for a beat up sink that is pushing 70 years of age, this is about as good as it gets.
hide your love
-Watercolors
Still not growing my grapes to make my own wine, but time given that will come too.
If I'll ever get to pay.
I continue to be amazed by people who make outlines of their stories, know where the story line is going and most of all know the ending before even writing the book. Who are these godlike folk and why am I not like them? I am a very off the cuff writer, I don’t know where the story is going to go, although I like to have a general idea before I begin. I usually start with an idea or, more often than not, a sentence that seems to resonate in my mind until I get it down on paper. Novels and short stories start the same way, a compelling first sentence.
March 3 - 6, 2011
Kyriaki Maragozidis
1. A decorative covering for a horse or for the tack or harness of a horse; trappings.
5. seeing what happens when two blocks "touch" and the secondary pattern that is created (sometimes it is a total surprise to me)
That is where legacy comes in. Most politicians would shirk from such issues because they have deep political consequences. In violent countries like Pakistan, they have human consequences as well. So for those for whom the present trumps the future, it makes sense to acquiesce to the crowd. Many would even climb on their backs, against their principals, as we've seen happen recently. But where does that leave them when it is all said and done, and the historian picks up the pen to define them?
Do not run. Try to back away from the cougar slowly. Sudden movement or flight may trigger an instinctive attack.
List Price - 48% Discount = Net Sale x Royalty Rate = Royalty Earned
I cannot cry or beg
Oh wait.
But, I’m done!
This section is designed to advance the efficiency of motorcycles
It was still animal print - duh - but much more subtle and chic.
Will: I was very mature for my age.
3.) Alright now comes the rigorous part. After you beans have soaked as long as you can bear it (10-12 hours is usual for me) then you can start you cooking. Drain the beans in a colander than cover them with a few cups of fresh water in a large pot and bring that baby to a boil. Then reduce to simmer and cover, with a little room for steam to escape. (If you get some white foam at first you can skim it off with a spoon, though it won't hurt you.) How long you let it sit and simmer depends on many things: what quantity of beans you are cooking, how long they soaked, what phase the moon is in, and most of all, whether or not you have dinner guests. But I have found that the most common length of time is between 2 and 2 and 1/2 hours for 1 cup beans. You will have to keep adding more water periodically. (But don't add salt until the end!)
As Anthony Watts, a meteorologist and editor of Watts Up With That, noted on April 16th “The Center for American Progress aka Think Progress, a front organization for all things left and ‘progressive’…let it slip (whether by design or accident we don’t know) that they are behind this ‘Forecast the Facts’ outfit.” The Center has a $30 million+ annual budget.
02 Real Good Time Together
English Muffins Cooking
we hop on and hope for the best
This episode highlights a major turning point in the early history of our faith – the increasing belief that salvation was for the Gentiles (and Cornelius was a Gentile) as well as the Jews. And the Holy Spirit begins to make this clear to Peter during this time. (And this made clearer in Acts 11)
Last but not least, an update on the gluten free living. I've been gluten free since the end of January. At first, I was feeling great and sure this was the best decision for me and my health. Then slowly, I started having the joint pains again-this time with more frequency and pain. Then I would randomly eat gluten in small amounts, mainly when out of town. Now, even when I have absolutely no gluten, I'm still having the pains intermittently. However, I am still gluten free. I still make exceptions when traveling by eating a meal or snack with gluten in it. At home, I am almost always GF. I have found out some things I was eating were not actually GF, even though one would assume so. I guess I need to keep checking even if I assume it "should be" GF. I have been reading about osteoarthritis and feel like I'm on that track since I have rheumatoid arthritis. Maybe I'm just reaching for answers.I need to lose weight-about 30 pounds. I think I'm going to have to get back on Weight Watchers and also watch my gluten intake. I'm a little discouraged-I was so sure that the gluten was making me have the pains, and now that I'm 99% sure it wasn't, it's like, what now?
You might be thinking, “Anyone can write a picture book. Why is Nevillegirl making such a big deal over one?” But I’ve discovered that is not true. At our library, I’ve picked up far too many picture books that looked interesting, and I was disappointed by many of them. Some were creative or funny or imaginative, but some were so dull that I didn’t bother to finish them, even though they were only 32 pages long.
- On systems with FileVault enabled, canceling the restart to the Mountain Lion Developer Preview 3 Installer may leave your system unable to present a password dialog at boot time. You can repair the problem by holding down command-R to boot to the Recovery OS and then using Disk Utility to unlock and Repair your volume.
07 Communication Breakdown
Swearing isn't dangerous or something. It won't ruin your beautiful, beloved moral, I promise. It's just not a big deal. People are people. People get upset. People sometimes express this in a "low", "bad taste" kind of way. ...So?
I highly recommend this mod if you want a fun tweak to spice up your next playthrough of Bethesda’s fantastic world. As always, I can’t stress enough the handiness and ease of using the Nexus Manager to download and install your mods. Hope you all enjoy!
Again, apologies for the incomplete nature of this piece, but I ‘m trying to catalogue major dialogue points with al-Ghazali and not only has this one interested me on prior occasion, but it jumps off the page when I hear Pascal echoing sentiments so near in tone. I ‘m happy to be corrected in these matters.
I'm busy making Mother's Day cards for my eldest to sell to raise funds for his Mongol Rally trip. I'm raiding the spare prints and stamped box along with the bit box so hopefully I may make a dent in both!
Spray a large non-stick frying pan with low calorie cooking spray and place over a medium heat. Add the curry powder, potatoes and peas and stir-fry for 4-5 minutes. Remove from the heat and add the chopped coriander and red chilli, season well with salt and set aside.
There is a revolution growing inside of us, an immense dissatisfaction and frustration that will destroy us unless we find a way of canalizing this energy into something that can challenge the status quo and give us some kind of hope. The final drop that made our hearts tremble with frustration and hopelessness happened 30th November, when Hamas’ officers came to Sharek Youth Forum, a leading youth organization (www.sharek.ps) with their guns, lies and aggressiveness, throwing everybody outside, incarcerating some and prohibiting Sharek from working. A few days later, demonstrators in front of Sharek were beaten and some incarcerated. We are really living a nightmare inside a nightmare. It is difficult to find words for the pressure we are under. We barely survived the Operation Cast Lead, where Israel very effectively bombed the shit out of us, destroying thousands of homes and even more lives and dreams. They did not get rid of Hamas, as they intended, but they sure scared us forever and distributed post traumatic stress syndrome to everybody, as there was nowhere to run.
Traits: Slow and thoughtful.
Magic Hat
Because it is REALLY FUCKING BIG, that's why.
Smoked Vanilla Bean Flip
So manly in his every feature.
As more intimate types of dining developed, tables became adjustable. Gate-leg antique dining tables date from the mid-17th century, and change diverse from rectangular to totally circular in style, with flaps which could be reduced when not in use. Early gate-leg antique dining tables in Lancashire can be up to eight ft in diameter. However, by the 18th century it was typical to use several small, fairly than a person huge table, and so later examples are inclined to be smaller. These are quite possibly the most collectable of all antique dining tables, fitting easily into modern-day residences.
Just as well I was there then because I could remind him face to face to respond to my challenge. I also told him that Metro FM have invited us both on air on Tuesday evening at 20h10 to discuss the scrap. I have accepted and I do hope Mangcu will. But I have my doubts. While he is quite happy to scribble insults in his column and print outright lies he certainly isn't keen to defend these views or actions face to face in front of either a radio or live audience. This is odd behaviour for a so called intellectual in pursuit of the truth. To me his refusal tells me all I need to know. You must draw your own conclusions.
Joe Wenderoth — Professor of English
In the video, Khaled says, "We need democracy. We need freedom. We need to speak freely. The government doesn't own us. There is no free media under a monarchy state. The media cannot report freely. They only report the statements of the Ministry of the Interior. They didn't expect that anyone in Saudi Arabia will dare to speak to the media because he or she will be jailed. We don't have freedom. We don't have dignity. We don't have justice. The whole world is free except us under this country."
Soak urad dal and red chilies in water for 1 hour.
The book Catching Fire by Suzanna Collins follows from the previous book events, where Katniss and Peeta won the Hunger Games. Everything at home in District 12 has changed, including Katniss’ relationship with Gale. Before Katniss, Peeta, and Haymitch leave town for the Victory Tour they’re traditionally obligated to take, President Snow stops by to warn Katniss that he’s watching her. Once they leave, Katniss takes Haymitch aside for a strategy meeting. He drives home the point that her whole life – if she and Peeta want to survive – will involve this made up love. So Katniss and Peeta must keep up the show of their love. In the meantime, Katniss has a lot to process, so she arranges a private meeting with Gale. They talk about running away together, but just end up arguing. The only thing that brings her out is news from Gale, who also happens to be on the aircraft. Gale breaks the news to her, that their entire home district has been destroyed.
Here’s a simple test of our emotional intelligence. Can you sense and feel…what is common with these thoughts? They all seem to be what we all think, but there is a hidden truth in these statements and a hidden key. What could it be? Make a note of these thoughts in yourself and catch it if they occur.
Barbara G. Walker, The Woman’s Dictionary of Symbols and Sacred Objects, Harper Collins, 1988
He was laid in the tomb of a friend named Joseph as the Sabbath began… no work, no hustle and bustle, just reflection on who Jesus was and what He had done… His followers were overcome with great sorrow.
But sometimes
Osama Bin Laden is dead :O!
As Nazi forces tighten the noose, Loralei Kepler, daughter of a German resistance leader, must flee her beloved Germany. But is any place safe from Adolf Hitler's evil grasp? Loralei's harrowing flight leads her into the arms of needy child refugees, who have sacrificed everything in exchange for their lives, and toward a mysterious figure, who closely guards an age-old secret.
"What robots?" I asked.
Rachel wore white or floral underpants and never a bra that matched. Oh, and this was when she actually managed to get dressed. Unless she planned to go somewhere (which besides school was rare) she'd just stay in her pajamas. And nothing cute there. Rachel's pajamas usually consisted of an old polyester/cotton blend t-shirt (they were the softest) and old raggedy gym shorts.
S60 5th edition
that is followed by some kind of tock
Six courses featuring:
As the year passed, we talked about it a few times in therapy, and a lot of other things that we were dealing with, but this one thing came up every once in a while. Honestly, I didn’t think that I would ever get my way, but it was worth a try.
Let your family and friends know, and you’ll increase your chances of winning, through December 30, 2011.
He also said that what is about to happen has been at least several hundred years in the planning stage. He also talked about our great human potential.
The attention of the men centered on one gentleman in particular, whom we would later learn was the groom-to-be. While everyone else around him was shirted, dear old groom was in a pair of jeans and what we thought was an unusual pair of lime green suspenders. Okay, it's his party, he can wear what he wants. As he came back from the men's room, a mighty roar was heard from his fans. Like Clark Kent entering a phone booth only to exit as Superman, the groom entered the men's room only to exit as, well, I'm not quite sure. Oh, he still had the green suspenders on, but his jeans were missing. In their place were stretch shorts, soccer shorts perhaps. He'd downed a few, so his inhibitions were waning, me thinks. We watched and laughed and laughed some more.
On Perspective Thursdays I am going to post things from my kids' perspective. This week I have pictures. Other weeks I may do things like ask them questions and post their answers.
When Jeremiah wrote this letter to the Jews who were living in exile in Babylon, he was implying a very different reality. On the one hand, this letter was to encourage them to continue believing in the promises of God, that He would deliver them out of exile and bring them back to Israel. Jeremiah wanted to remind the exilic Jews who they were and that God was still in control. And his encouragement comes in these most famous words. (Jeremiah 29:10-14)
Once upon a time, a group of bankers dropped a magic debt-can on the road. The can was full of nasty debt and it was very ugly. A group of the town’s leaders decided they didn’t like the can, so they gave it a little squirt of stimulus money and
bring March quickly.
* Understanding is best shown with someones own words. There is no way to copy down and memorize an original thought unless it is one’s own. Using one’s own words to describe a mathematical concept is the best indication of fluency. Examples made in this fashion are easy ways to build relational understanding, the more difficult of the types of understanding.
What does time teach?
I love historical fiction. It is my thing. I love getting lost in a book, or TV series, based on fact, with colorful characters interspersed with real historical figures.
Anyway, back to my cards from today. My first card is for the Crafter’s Companion challenge this month which is to use the colours pink and green. I have used one of my new SWALK stamps that I have had for a while but never used…I know…hanging my head in shame! I have coloured her in using my Spectrum Noir pens and am continuing to practice my shading…what do you think? It is a work in progress! I have used a few pearls to finish her off as well as a fab sentiment I received in a crafty swap that I took part in.
Stamps: Aviary, Teeny Tiny Wishes
*Samuel Smith Selection Gift Set
Still on crutches and unable to drive, a friend of Lenhart’s, drove her to a CVS Pharmacy in Oak Cliff.
Today, in honor of a Blue and Gold banquet next week, the oldest two boys and I were scrambling working on their scouting experiences. At one point we were talking about faith. We discussed how faith is "a belief in things we can't see". The boys were asked to come up with someone that displays faith. Jorden enthusiastically shouted, "Indiana Jones".
My mom’s phone was ringing (and it was such a horrible ringtone) and she was displeased. “This is not the ringtone I set!” she said and she was so distraught that she missed the call. I checked the settings for her and set it to her desired ringtone. She then responded “I will never touch any other buttons on my phone again, other than this one (the call answer button)”.
Now, about you. I’ve thought about this. What is something I love to know about people? What gives me a sense of somebody when I meet them? Their books, of course! I am thrilled when I can look at someone’s bookshelf and see familiar titles, and thrilled, too, when I see new titles beckoning.
There are several of them. Tuzenbach in Three Sisters. All my favorite roles have been in theater – except for one film that I did here in Chicago. I played a drug lord – a terrible guy. It’s on DVD, and it goes by the name of either Dirty Work or Bad City. I was sort of the villain in it, and the hero was Lance Reddick, who was on The Wire. When I first read the script, they didn’t say what the role was – and it never occurred to me that they would be offering me that role. So when the director told me, I said, “Oh God, I’ll do it.” I’ve never had a part like that. I think that was my favorite film role. The other one would’ve been that movie with Paul Newman and Joanne Woodward – Mr. & Mrs. Bridge.
Rain fell hard upon our soft, innocent heads. Standing outside with Sue and Jennifer, we sat under our hoods and umbrellas, staring into the koi pond, coming to understand that the fish have no idea what rain is. It’s just a fearful, terrifying drumming upon the roofs of their lives. Fear and sadness comes in droves. Sue sat next to me underneath the awning that was built into the creaking house while Jennifer preferred to stand a few paces behind me. We ate turkey that came from the fryer and mashed potatoes that Sue’s mom made, putting in green onions, chives, and the sort. Jennifer was nearly done with what she had in front of her, while Sue and I nursed the plates like giraffes taking care of their newborn.
What do I write? The short answer is, “Great stories about women, for women.” My new release, The Tree of Everlasting Knowledge combines elements from the romance, mystery and straight contemporary fiction genres. One Beta Reader commented that the book reminded her of John Irving’s Cider House Rules. It’s a fine compliment I’m glad to accept.
Are these things really providing security or taking it away? It's such a slippery slope when you have weapons like these available to law enforcement. What happens when young street protesters push to strongly against the police during a occupy 'event'? What keeps someone high up from pressing the button on those 'enemies from within'?
Which brings us to this season. Now, let me start by saying that the talent pool this season has been ridiculous. This year’s top 11 as a whole could slay every other top 11 since this show started. Past contestants and so-called professionals who have come on the stage this season to perform on results nights have regularly been upstaged by these guys. I’m willing to predict that this season will produce a larger number of actual viable recording artists than any other season before. They’re that good. That having been said, there’s this thing happening where a “chosen 3″ are beginning to emerge. 3 of the top 6 are already being fitted for that Idol crown and tonight that push was harder than ever. This makes me all the more nervous because it’s top 6 night, and because it just so happens that none of my favorites are among the chosen 3.
Bright lights shining in the city……..
Just had a gmail chat with my lovely fellow stylist and blogger Angela Scanlon. As it happens the lucky and talented lady landed herself a plum gig helping style the hotness that is The Blizzards. OK - I'm clearly referring to Brezzy here and am in awe of the wonderful Ange at how she managed to retain any sense of professionalism in his presence. I would be slipping in a pool of my own drool. Her work is being showcased tomorrow night in Dublin but I can't say where lest I spark a riot of females outside the gallery. Look - they've already had to file one restraining order in advance; it's not fair to have to ruin the evening. Speaking of which, I wonder can I actually see anything from 150 feet. I guess those night vision goggles may come in handy after all. Good call...
“Fine,” she said, “but it’s a lot different.”
My back spasmed. Now, I'm not saying God made my back spasm. I believe God's will is for it to be "on earth as it is heaven," but my thinking is somewhere around this: when I try to disassociate my thinking with thinking like God then my body suffers the consequences; in this case, my back.
Location: 103rd and Ewing Ave Chicago, IL 60617 (c0rner of Community Christian Church of Chicago)
Well, well traditions come and go. As long as I can eat chocolate eggs I’m happy.
I’ve got a card for you today made with a digital image from Mo’s Digital Pencil, and she’s called “A Big Whoop”. The challenge this week on the MDP challenge blog is called “Tickle My Funny Bone”. I love this image, and while I was coloring her, I got the bright idea to make her spin. Sort of like a kid doing cartwheels!
This week, we were finally able to get outdoors again! Made it all of the way through Beginner class before the downpour hit. I waited to see if any of my Advanced/Excellent people would show up for drop-in practice as I watched the storm clouds roll in. Taking shelter under a tree (I am safety conscious during thunder storms!) the boys and I, and one die-hard student decided to see if the storm would pass quickly. After 10 minutes or so and no sign of the rain stopping, I declared that I was going to pack up the car and head home. Of course, because I was eagerly optimistic, I didn't wear appropriate shoes for wet weather ... only a pair of Dawgs sandals, which are super duper comfortable, but not at all grippy when wet. Carrying a huge Tupperware container of my "Rally-O Crap" to the car, I had to straddle-hop a low fence to get into the parking lot. As soon as I found a tenuous foothold on the wet ground in my slippery sandals, and swung one (pork hock) leg over the crotch-high fence, it decided to hail. HAIL HARD!! Sure sure, just pea-sized stuff. But being pelted unaware by small frozen peas still stings a little!
1a. Deadlift 5 x 5
March 26 TBA, Cincinnati OH
A family next to him were talking quietly but loud enough for us to be unable to overhear his first couple of calls. But then the driver for the cancer society came and they left.
But together our tears can fall and blossom into joy...
- Ramon Sessions played great, controlled both sides of the floor. If this were a team that had thoughts of the playoffs, he'd be starting. But, we're not, so Kyrie will get the minutes.
U.S. Rating: G
Sawyer is a regular old 6 year old boy, loving all things lego, trains, Star Wars, and more. I wanted his room to be a retreat for him and reflect his passions. I was not yet sure what I planned paint wise, until I saw my friend Carmel's son's fabulous Star Wars inspired room....
I know why I do it. I've always known why I do it. It's an attempt to get people who do not value me or what I say, who will not just believe me when I say something, to do so anyway based on logic and reason. I've always hoped that if perhaps I can just show the logic of my argument that would carry the day, even if the person to whom I am speaking doesn't care about just doing it because I asked him/her to do so since there is no respect there. It's a hope that *this* time, my concerns, knowledge and feelings won't be simply dismissed and ignored.
One carrier had PRIORS from DUI (sure want him driving on MY streets), which explains why the paper wound up damn near anywhere BUT our steps.
Emma Patricia Dures (Lab) 1,611
When P.I. Clay Buchanan, stumbles upon Erin at her husband's gravesite, he’s totally unprepared for her advanced pregnancy. Her venomous reaction at seeing him, however, was predictable. But Clay can’t let her distrust, or his guilt, get in the way—not when he has evidence that proves Erin’s life is in danger.
Why did i follow a stout with this IPA, I'm not totally sure. I know I wanted to continue the high qualitity I had just had had, I didn't want to be let down with a lacklustre beer and the last Mikkeller was a pretty good bottle. And I'd recently re-discovered Brewdog's 5am Saint and fancied another similar hit of hops, so hoped this would provide it.
The first thing I tried was to make a few pages from scratch. Mallory at the beach last year, and then just one of my favorite pictures of her from a few years ago. Simple but still cute.
From George Jones (“Choices I’ve Made”) to Dolly Parton (“Little Sparrow”) to George Harrison (Isn’t It A Pity”) to Ringo Starr (It Don’t Come Easy”)and The Who (“Love Reign O’er Me”), Lavette and her band broke down each song to its most poignant and painful emotional essence — and then built it up again in their own style. But this was mesmerizing, sweet pain — you couldn’t help but be drawn into the spectacle of a standard FM rock song being transformed into something new, with teeth. There were very deliberate bass lines from Charley Bartels, haunting volume swells and bouncing vibrato from guitarist Brett Lucas, as well as steady support from Alan Hill (keyboards and music director), and Darryl Pierce (drums).
What can we learn from this?
The list of new opportunities and changing tactics seems to be endless. But the constants in our industry, while less frequently debated, also exist in abundance.
In the coming days, I'll post my thoughts as I make my way through the curriculum.
For fun, fast, light, exciting, interesting reading this is your book. For deep, thoughtful insights on the human condition, you might want to consider Henry James.
The new monthly magazine joins the long-running bi-weekly Thomas & Friends title on British newstands and is priced at £3.99.
and all of these little distractions slowly chip away at your focus until you forget what you are supposed to be doing. and your focus becomes fragmented and broken.
If you're looking for me, I'll be the one with her foot in the bucket full of Cortizone.
Well fuck me dead Mrs Chook fucken nazi ! , is that the thanks I get for years of loyal patronage of your shop ?
Tris takes this very seriously and personally, she leaves everyone behind in the Dauntless faction and goes straight into the Erudite camp to give herself up, she doesn't want to live, she's giving up. Can't live with the guilt of Will even though now everyone knows and she feels as if her parents died for her so she needs to die for the people she loves.
CALLER: I'm fine. Thank you for asking. I'd like to speak with Michael ____ please.
The idea for "Forsaken" came from the classic poem 'The Forsaken Merman' by the late Victorian poet Matthew Arnold, which in turn is based on an old Scandinavian ballad. It tells the story of a merman who married a human woman, Margaret. They live together happily under the sea and she has children by him - till one day she hears church bells ringing and feels a sudden longing to go and pray in the 'little white church'. The merman agrees to part with her for a short while. But once on land she never returns to the sea, leaving her husband and children to grief for her. In Arnold's poem the merman says:
As heretofore I have displayed their secret hidden plaint.
We have three different Salt Glow Spa Treatments available:
A final thought that the 99% need to realize that there is no entitlement in the manner that the #OWS crowd seems to believe that they deserve…we need to maintain the incentives to be able to become part of the 1%
Who said cooking wasn't an art? There's no question that we enjoy a well-cooked and imaginatively made meal more than something tossed off. Eating a meal can also be as sensually pleasurable as devouring a good book, or consuming good music. When a celebrity attaches their name to a cookbook, though, one has to ask whether it's the dishes or simply the name. Mari-Beth Slade in her Critics at Large review discovered that acting wasn't Gwyneth Paltrow's only specialty.
he was a little embarrassed, I think, but he smiled
What Is Speculative Fiction?
Walnuts- 1/2 cup (chopped).
(N.B.: click on the images for an enlargement.)
From spoken words untrue.
I saw:
The white man’s burden is guilt over Africa (the black man’s is sentimentality), and we are blind for it. We have tipped hundreds of billions of aid-dollars into Africa without first ensuring proper governance. We encourage NGOs and food-parcels and have built a culture of dependency. We shy away from making criticism, tiptoe around the crassness of the African Union and flinch at every anti-western jibe. The result is a free-for-all for every syphilitic black despot and his coterie of family functionaries.
Burney has been pursuing the matter in Pakistan since last year. In fact, it was Burney who called up Surjit’s family last year to reconfirm that the Indian soldier was alive and in a jail. Singh was awarded death penalty as a PoW in Pakistan. But, his sentence was eventually converted into life imprisonment.
Southern Tier was started in 2004 by Ellicottville Brewing co-founder Allen Yahn and his stepson, Phin DeMink, who had brewed the first batch of beer made at Ellicottville before moving on to work at Goose Island in Chicago. DeMink moved back to Western New York and, in 2003, teamed up with his wife, Sara, and Yahn to buy the brewing equipment from the former Old Saddleback Brewing Company in Pittsfield, MA and got to work. There were a couple of missteps to start, namely the failure of the original "flagship" mild and pilsner, but their IPA went over pretty well, and Southern Tier was off and running.
Again if anyone would want the files in SCAL just let me know!
There are other entrenched behaviours, of course, such as charity, compassion and “fairness”. However it is when these inherent (and distinct behavioural mechanisms) directives become muddled, one with the other, that the human “social psyche” fails its possessors.
Maybe there's room for a resurrection in the future.
SAF Chief Guards Officer and Chairman of the Organizing Committee of National Day Parade (NDP) 2012 Colonel Nelson Yau Thian Hock (姚天福) has resigned abruptly from the committee for ‘personal reasons.’ He is also the Commander of the 21st Division.
I made these about 45 minutes ago. I'm heading out the door for work now...can't write much! :) I added dried cranberries and golden raisins instead of prunes (didn't have any). I skipped the nuts too. Next time, I'm going to bake mine a little longer to get more of a golden color (dude, I was in a hurry!)
K’s holding court, whether at school, ring or stage
"Nope! Nobody farted in here! Nobody at all! Maybe the dog did it. Maybe you're just hyper-sensitive. Nobody, but nobody broke wind in the this room, my chronal chamber. Nope, not on my watch."
The nine hour flight over the pond was unremarkable except for the fact that B.J.’s chair was broken and wouldn’t stay “in the upright and locked position.” Mechanics worked on his seat just before takeoff. I told B.J. that people were going to start throwing food at him for holding up the flight. Obviously I was just kidding. They were able to fix the seat with only a few minutes of work and our flight left on time.
- Thanks dude. Keep it real and up the punx!
The timescales are all wrong for this, meanwhile, but if geomythology is the study of ancient folk tales, oral traditions, and regional myths to see if they contain camouflaged references to real, but prehistoric, geological events—earthquakes, tsunamis, volcanic eruptions, and more—what geomythological influence might the throbbing and automechanized Oklo uranium mines play? How extraordinarily interesting would it be to come across a series of old myths about an intelligent presence in the rocks of equatorial Africa, a kind of mineralized Mother Nature winking at everyone from below—and to realize that they're referring to the reactions at Oklo. A spirit in the Earth.
In short, European Central Bank assumptions and European Union rules on monetary have locked Spain, Italy, Greece, Portugal, Ireland, the Baltics and former Soviet bloc countries into a kind of Sartrian “No Exit.” Only a change in the rules that permit historically successful strategies for development will instead make this current crisis merely a painful purgatory stage rather than eternal economic damnation as a cost for being part of a European Union.
The model who got friendly on Facebook with Defoe said last night: “I’m not going to lie — we did have sex.”
The first U.S. Ambassador to the Vatican was William Wilson, a Knight of Malta. His appointment was probably illegal and, for a fact, was highly unethical. Wilson could not possibly have represented the U.S. when his allegiance was sworn to the Pope.
pour Brandywine and redbud,
I have to start over.
Horovitz: Our responsibility is to maintain our moral standards. That’s a very important starting point because in matters of war it can sometimes get blurred. People are always talking about factors like international law, public opinion, the Western world – that is, outside factors that we’re supposed to match up to. No, I say we have to uphold our own standards.
(Francis is a trader who loves music and reading.)
Today I'd like to introduce you to Heavenly Treasures. Their mission is to "equip and assist people in developing countries to break the cycle of poverty through their handiwork and creativity."
The event dates: July 8 at 12:01 am to July 22 11:59pm
There are people in every occupation both with and without measurable risks that also choose to smoke. Are these people aware of the dangers involved in their jobs? It’s likely that an extremely high percentage of them are.
“Well, why don’t you pretend to be dead? That’ll throw them off!” said Arik jovially. Hermel narrowed his eyes. “And while we’re at it, why don’t we have all of the villagers pretend to be dead? Then we can surprise them!” Arik added with a loud gaffaw.
But as with all studies of this complexity - the devil is in the details. NYLCV will be watching closely to make sure that if hydrofracking is allowed in New York, our state has the most rigorous regulatory protocols and enforcement in place to make sure our drinking water and environment are protected.
It hurts that Cuinn and I get a lot of unwanted advice that goes totally against what we're trying to do here. We co-sleep not out of necessity, we like it. I don't sleep train my kids not because I'm weak but because I feel like it's wrong. I still breast feed not because it's easier, but because Aislynn's not ready to give it up. I'm following my kids lead.
2 they'll
A 125x125 button costs $45.00 a month
In the coming weeks, we are trying to finish up some things in school, and next week we are going to do their Iowa testing. I just hope I can keep Rae from distracting them. My mom is coming in 2 weeks, and will get to see Rae for the first time. I cannot believe Emily will be 11, and so we are working on that party. I am looking forward to bringing back a Dear Family Memorial Day tradition - Low Country Shrimp Boil with a new addition of crawfish - fresh from Louisiana.
Me: *blank stare*
6. My mother taught me: FORESIGHT.
Four-wheel-drive required: sometimes
With that said, I am flying out to Winter Wonderland today and will be there till February 8th. I will have limited access to emails and hopefully will have some time to update this blog while I am all bundled up!
Julie Otsuka, The Buddha in the Attic. Their voices rise in a chorus together, yet each separate voice can also be distinguished. The speakers are the “picture brides”, the women who came to the United States from Japan to marry men they had seen only in pictures.
Koh reports he was punched by the police, and his memory card containg photographs of the rally were confiscated, while another photographer said police destroyed his memory card after he refused to delete photographs of a melee.
navigating these waters without it...
Will he love me?
I was hounded ... I was bullied ... I was confused ... I was frustrated
This is Crystal aka "You and Me Plus Three"... YES, I have an exciting new name...
Looking forward to: Doctors appointment tomorrow! Anxious to hear that heartbeat.
“I did see your piece on the Labor stats, and it’s a view widely shared over here. There is no solid recovery on the way: the smart money just doesn’t believe it. But the scarey thing is that Middle America just might…for the time being”.
and I want to be a weed myself,
I will be returning to more simple ground roots and these are my goals:
So, it’s a bank holiday soon, and actually I think I know what I’ll be doing. Working I would think.
“Stop your fucking singing Greenie or I’m taking that thing off you”.
Have a lesser grace
The birds soaring skyward in “Released Spirit” pay tribute to a departed friend. The dress form becomes a bird cage with the birds or spirits rising from its perimeter.
Ethan Wingfield (REP) 14.39% 365
At the beginning I mentioned the older two have a "Homework" tab. It could just as easily be called "Skills Reinforcement". My daughter usually completes a phonics activity and my son does a reading comprehension passage. They both do a math follow-up page. Whatever we need extra practice with is considered fair game for homework!
They’ve spared no expense
1 opportunity's
Here is a copy of the proposed menu (which is subject to change):
melt dark choc
(this video is a little long but I know the grandparents will soak up every second of it)
Emergent Behaviour and Network Effects
