President Reagan sure had a way with words (and with fiscal policy), and is Barack Obama exhibiting Einstein’s definition of insanity?
The biggest of these war weapons is the absence.
We are *home*. Wish we had Beth and Em here with us. Then it would be perfect. However, we are here. The place looks completely different now that the leaves are all gone and the clouds are here. I love rain. Now I just need to buy some rain gear for all of us so we can actually *live* in the rain! Also need some warm things knitted up. Which brings me back to the lists...
"Pilgrim Road," melody in the thin-guitar-stringed riff with keyboards, Helloween in 2011, essentially... face-fucking solo at 2:15....
Imagine getting a pair of sleek gray green-eyed cats as a good luck gift at your wedding. This occurred often in the province of Korat in Thailand, which lent its name to this naturally occurring breed.
In his introduction Anthony Huxley discusses her work from a modern botanical viewpoint, and Professor Brenan, Director of the Royal Botanic Gardens, explains how the Marianne North Gallery became part of the expansion of the Gardens towards the end of the last century.
There are and will be a thousand Princes;
Here’s my before and after for this month:
The more you widen the respect and consideration to all those out there, the further out there you will get and the more people you will be able to reach.
We cannot win if the most dishonest media since Hitler and Stalin has anything to do with it. They hate us and they will treat us dishonestly because the very core of their beings are dishonest.
Financial security scares me. With a padded bank account, I wouldn't be as hungry. I wouldn't struggle to think of ways to accept certain aspects of being poor. I would be complacent. I would accept life as it comes, instead of meeting the wind head-on. Leeway is not what I require. I need to be uncomfortable. The fine line between uncomfortable and downright miserable is what drives me to make this seemingly useless statement of individuality.
+ Alcohol for 21 & over with ID
There is also a Easter Gift Guide with all your needs!
He is not my closest friend, I should say, and we have not harbored romantic feelings for each other for decades. We have a comfortable, radical acceptance of our heart connection in spite of our differences. Earlier in life I would not have been able to comprehend this kind of connection. It is yet one more aspect of aging that I appreciate.
Don't ask me if I freaked out,because I sure did.
Those who were standing near Paul said, “You dare to insult God’s high priest?”
I will elaborate a little more about the 'blog goals' in the coming posts. I am looking forward to trying new things and also making my life and ideas more simpler. We could all use more simplicity and hope in our lives.
"We have heard sufficient concerns from experts to suggest that a thorough review of the evidence on alcohol and health risks is due."
that, and get over it. Your previous works will seem a little clunky, and full of passages you wish you could rewrite (regardless of how proud of them you are). Your latest manuscript - the one you’re working on right now, or at least would be working on if you weren’t reading this blog – has, in your opinion, gone from being a ‘sure fire winner’, to ‘something with legs’, to ‘hmmm, is this really the book I set out to write?’ You’ll curse yourself for wasting nine/ten/twelve/twenty-four* (*delete as appropriate) months on the damn thing when you could have been working on that other ‘whizzer idea’ you’ve thought of (the one you’re sure everyone will love.) All normal, all okay. Again, get used to it, and get over it.
Homes purchased while in the various stages of foreclosure can often be bought at lower prices relative to homes not in foreclosure. It’s one of the reasons why foreclosed homes now account for 20 percent of all home resales.
well, later on the pics, the server is slow. heh..ciao!
Also, this non-OEM ink appears to dry just as fast (basically immediately after applying) as the Epson ink and there has been no smearing issues using the auto-duplex feature of the 810.
To skim fat, refrigerate soup overnight. When the soup is gelled by the next day, it’s far easier to skim. Simply take a large spoon and skim just under surface to remove all the congealed fat that’s magically risen to the top for you! What to do with the fat? I do what my Mom always directs: Put it in a plastic bag, knot the bag and throw it away. The fat is not good for the disposal or the kitchen pipes, not to mention our pipes!
I went to meet up with the Jackrabbit group for a Sunday morning long run, but I went to their UES store by accident. The group actually leaves from the UWS. It ended up fine, though. I ran solo through the park and cheered for the Run for the Parks 4 Mile Race. I saw JB and JB - former GMR teammates - racing together and the 2nd JB even shouted out my name mid-race. Save your energy, and I'll do the cheering.
Our proud Mackenzie with her new do
The old man ate with us, laughing at our antics.
This is pure gold! Ashley Judd, Michelle Trachtenberg, Katy Mixon, and Eliza Coupe let Sen. Santorum know he's not being judged for wanting to terminate his candidacy, but there are rules in place that require him to hear the lecture, listen to the heartbeat of his campaign manager, and of course, endure the mandatory 72 hour waiting period before the procedure can be performed.
That's if you're in London. If you're in Montreal, we have the annual Antiquarian Book Fair! I always go, just to drool over ancient books I'd love to own. Especially if there happen to be volumes of Tolkien.
3. Your password is ****. Welcome to Reactees
that did not come true
Another post, two in one day! It has been really nice to get back into blogging today. I have had a few mad weeks at work…I was very much a stress-head for a while so now it is half-term it has given me a bit of space to really de-stress! I have loved getting back into my crafting……am also hoping to bake later on…only problem is I will then put on about a stone eating it all! Lol!
1 lb. confectioners' sugar
After purchasing a case of wine, along with some olive oil, dried pasta and items for Saturday's dinner, I couldn't resist the gelateria. Called Gelato di Riso, it's just a block down from Viviano's and has at least twenty flavors of both fruit-flavored and creamier gelato, and they'll let you have two flavors in a dish. The lime gelato was to die for, creamy and tangy, and was even better next to the pomegranate gelato, which was sweeter and silkier. My mother and Scott both flipped over the seasonal eggnog gelato, and David pretty much refused to let anyone at his blood orange gelato.
I look ridiculous in 40%, outright pathetic (eg. sitting on the floor) in probably 35%, and somewhat cute in the rest.. but what they all did was bring back some great memories! Pictures all taken all around: Austria, Turkey, the UK, Denmark.. more locations to follow soon (Nigeria, Italy, Hungary, etc.. they are scattered all over the place lol)
WHAT!!! GIVEAWAY!!!
We start Disciple with serial killer Edmund, move up to third tier villains The Arsonist and Nurse Kathy. Then we get to Ambrose, who’s just about the coolest most confident villain you'll ever meet. He hires two military men and goes on a personal vendetta to end Roger’s life. But Ambrose is nothing compared to our final villain, the man above him, Beau. This guy practically runs the CIA with an iron fist. So you really get the sense that our character is going up against bigger and bigger obstacles.
SOLD THANK YOU KINDLY!!!
“Look, Lisa, you can easily make a pink evening dress…”
Happy Easter, folks. Sorry I've been away so long.
And why the sour attitude? Well, every once in awhile, a fashion brochure (how the hell do they find me?) will turn in up the mail, and it's usually not all that threatening. Granted, the floral day dress on the cover of the spring issue will absolutely not go unnoticed (and will probably end up in my closet), but summer catalogs with "perfect" women in their "perfect" bikini bodies on "perfect" yachts rarely tempt me into digging out my credit card. Typically, I throw them out after nothing more than the casual flip through.
Not only were TSO writing new Christmas songs, they were reimagining old ones for instrumental pieces.
*He loves the binky and will fall asleep with it all the time, yay! I am totally a binky mom and I don't know what I would do at this point if he wouldn't take it.
Office Hours: 07:30 - 13:00 and 14:00 - 17:30 (Mondays to Fridays), 08:00 - 13:00 (Saturdays - Sundays)
With The Avengers fast approaching in two days, all the stars are dishing about life as an iconic Avenger.
Enough for us to set up a little concern of our own. A hunting and fishing shop to go alongside the ‘Birds Of Prey Experience’.
The poet Shelley writes:
dreaming engorged of gorgeous flesh and
And some happen right before. I’ve been fielding many an offer for a number of NLA projects currently on submission in foreign territories. Some nice auctions going down as well. Can’t really reveal details as of yet but will when I can.
REICHENBACH, H. (1951). The Rise of Scientific Philosophy. Berkeley: Univ. of California Press.
Look at dating blogs like you would look for a job. If it looks a bit sketchy, it probably is. Sites that are well put together and have reasonable traffic will be better sources of information. Dating is a unique industry. In order for people to keep reading, a blog must have sound information. If advice fails, the blogs fail.
The cost is prohibitive.
YouTube (Google) was sued by Viacom International, Inc. & others alleging direct and secondary copyright infringement based on the public performance, display, and reproduction of approximately 79,000 audiovisual “clips” that appeared on the YouTube website between 2005 and 2008.
Vanessa: Actually I think its been about fifteen minutes since you checked Facebook. Better head over there and see if any one has responded to your new profile pic.
POEMS REPRINTED FROM
that is so unnatural. It also wasn't great for either of our moms
When I passed that wall, the heat surprised the hell out of me. It was awesome. The fire boxes are to the left of the fire, and the heat draw the smoke in from the fire and over the meat. The other side has an identical fire outside an identical box, drawing the smoke toward the center like this one, and up through the smokestack that's visible from the street. As you walk up to the boxes the old guy behind the counter with ham-fists asks grumpily what you want. I would too, if I worked in an oven. They seemed to specialize in sausage, but they had beef shoulder, pork chops, brisket, and ribs as well. I ordered all of the above, plus slaw and beans, my usual for BBQ.
Where would you say you are in your spiritual walk?
I wandered the road of bitterness for three years when God determined the time had come to break this daughter of His. The combination of intense spiritual agony brought on by angrily running from God, the constant throbbing headache, and the loneliness of not being willing to seek out godly guidance finally brought me to a place where all of my own strength and pride failed. One night, I fell on my face before God on my bedroom floor and admitted that because of my sin and disobedience, I deserved more than pain; I deserved death! That even if all my physical pain went away, I would still be just as wretched and miserable and in need the saving blood of Christ; a Savior greater than what mere man could offer.
Sayeeda Warsi has warned the Muslim community to stand guard against the divisive designs of far right British National Party and the English Defence League and thwart their aims. Speaking at a dinner hosted by Lord Altaf Sheikh, Chairman, Conservative Muslim Forum, to celebrate Eid-ul-Azha at Westminster House here last night, she said that the Muslim community not only in the United Kingdom but across Europe face the rising level of anti-Islamic sentiments.
“He’s a big centre (with a) right handed shot” said Broncos Assistant General Manager Jamie Porter. “He’s the guy we’ve been targeting for the last few weeks at least. Skilled, good sized, right handed shooting centremen are hard to find.”
30 Nov – Philisa Abafazi Bethu, Lavender Hill
So, how did I get sick? Here’s the story. My wife Annie, flew down to meet me in Houston in early April – about the time Passover was starting. My idea was we’d have a second honeymoon as we meandered our way up to Minnesota in our ’76 Airstream Globe Trotter. We’d arrive at the Airstream dealer in St. Louis, MO to trade up to a newer Airstream. My retired friends Jane and Elwood, who live in their Airstream full time, traded the one we just bought for a 2012. After 3 years in the tiny 21′ Globe Trotter, I decided I needed more room. Our new unit is 28 feet – like transitioning from a “single” to a one bedroom.
"But why arranged? What..you can't meet someone at a bar or something?" he says mockingly.
Fill a tumbler glass about half way with super chilled prosecco
04 - Shakin' In The Sixtees
Or what about a service advisor…after all…they are salespeople too…
I am extremely keen to hear more details and wonder whether you would mind if I, as a show of good will, sent through my bank and credit card details, my tax file number, my car registration number and my home address in my next email. That seems only fair.
“I think it’s going to be one of the toughest tracks of the year for overtaking, but I’ll be hoping for a strong performance in qualifying in order to make it as straightforward as possible in the race.”
So it’s really Republicans’ efforts to downsize government spending that is holding back more job formation. For instance, 300,000 teachers have lost their jobs in the downsizing of state and local governments, a crime that puts us even further behind other countries’ educational achievements, according to Paul Krugman.
As a wife, with the exception of submitting in something that is against God’s will, I am to submit to my husband. In doing so, I am submitting to my Lord, respecting my husband, and honoring and glorifying Jesus.
nothing better then a good laugh
Thank you, Susan, for hosting Roamy!
I'll admit, I can get sucked into TV shows really easily - whether it be reality, dramas, or competitive shows, when I start watching a TV show, I just can't stop. That being said, I'm officially addicted to NBC's newest reality show - Fashion Star. It's sort of like an updated, new, and fresh take on Project Runway.
But chairman of the Lancashire Council of Mosques, Hamid Qureshi, said: “Taking meat totally off the menu is not right. They should be trying to provide Halal meat.”
CZUKAY, HOLGER – Movies (1979)
Millions died in the chaos that followed. The summer of 2014 was dubbed "The Rising," and only the lessons learned from a thousand zombie movies allowed mankind to survive. Even then, the world was changed forever. The mainstream media fell, Internet news acquired an undeniable new legitimacy, and the CDC rose to a new level of power.
2 Thessalonians 2:3 Let no man deceive you by any means: for that day (of Jesus’ coming) shall not come, except there come a falling away first, and that man of sin be revealed, the son of perdition (the antichrist “beast” of Revelation 13).
It isn’t any secret that I was a born in the 80′s. I’m technically a Generation Y baby, and I’m embarrassed about the attitudes and behaviors of my generation. Some people assumed that I was given things like my house. Sorry, I bought my house when I was 21 by saving up all that I had earned as being a nanny. I could afford to invest in my hobbies because I worked many hours during my early years of graduate school. Now that I started my own business, I get emails and phone calls from people asking me how I did it. The short answer is, “I worked hard.” Fortunately, my doctorate is in social psychology so I had a knowledge base that translates easily into marketing and social media. But most importantly, I worked hard to build up my skill sets and to build relationships that now support my business.
4.) Other than that? All is fair! If her attire is not appropriate for what you have in mind, feel free to change her clothes. (please just tuck her others in the box when you send her on - or if you wish to keep items you bought for her, please re-dress her in her current travel outfit!) She IS a Build-A-Bear Elephant, and any of the Build-A-Bear animal clothes will fit her -- but you may know of cheaper clothes that fit -- or you might be handy with a needle and want her in something tailored to your needs!
If we think of telling the truth in purely moral terms, as a simple matter of right and wrong, its importance may easily be obscured. “White lies,” the small deviations in the truth that we use for politeness and to avoid embarrassment, seem harmless, even morally neutral. Morality, when understood as “breaking the rules,” fails to give a sufficient account of “telling the truth.” We judge truth-telling as a matter of concern only in so far as it has larger consequences. The truth becomes a question of utility (is it useful). The delusion that is the common human life finds lying to be very useful and telling the truth to be problematic. But there is another way to think about truth – a way that is more consistent with Biblical understanding – one which explains the paramount place it holds within the Christian Tradition.
Success is like a combination lock, and once you know the numbers and the correct sequence they go in, the lock must open each and every time without fail. Your lock to your own success will be different than anyone else’s, and even though the numbers may be the same, what makes your lock different is the sequence of the numbers. The chapters or keys in this book relate to the numbers of the combination to unlock the success in life that you have always dreamt of. It’s now up to you to find your sequence.
Cracklin' Rosie you're a store-bought woman
I didn't like the way I frosted the cake cause there was a huge layer of frosting on top and none in between the cake. If I had time I would have sliced the cake in half, put a layer of frosting in between and then move onto the other steps.
It's hard to believe that anyone would publish another article entitled Is The End Near For Traditional Advertising? but there it is at a website called The Daily Dose, which is apparently run by Entrepreneur magazine. The perpetrators of The Daily Dose apparently live in some kind of upper-crust twit dream world...
The Man Comes Around – Johnny Cash
yes, i know. how terrible. how vain. but the fuzzy glimpse i just got of my child was not a pretty sight. all i could imagine was this petite little face with a great big joker mouth.
For the stir fry:
Another major Sabah player linked to Ting Pek King is his cousin and known right hand man Simon Ling. Simon Ling has been deeply involved in Sabah timber concessions since the arrival of Musa Aman into office and he is also closely connected in business to Michael Chia.
I swam out past the siren’s temple, spotted the ship wreck, swam through it, got the update, and swam away, pretty much ignoring the octopus that spawns and attacks. The luxury of being level 52.
Under what justification has Tumblr chosen to ban non-eating “self-harm” blogs, but not to ban over-eating “self-harm” blogs? There is no objective difference that I can see.
There is this geographical distance, but there is also the emotional and intellectual distance I traveled. These portraits of young women, mothers and their children comes from my desire to remember where I came from, to understand what I have gained by leaving home, and also to see and feel what I have lost by leaving home.
On their recent visit to the UK, I sat down and spoke exclusively with the MB boys to find out what it takes to become a member, what animals they would like to come back as in their next life and their ideal kind of girl.
In the first six months of the year
Fear, confusion, poverty, disease and death are all forms of
And I, the skinny farmer I was born and am, have no real answer that could possible restore my honour. But your highness, it is my privilege to continue writing about my inner-most-deepest-thoughts about you, so you can at least see by far or by accidently browsing this page, that I still care.. I was made to care..!!
So I hadn't planned on shopping anything more exciting than a litre of white paint for my living room. But then I came across a store that actually sold Villeroy & Boch crystal wine glasses at a discount of more than 50 %. I stopped dead in my tracks and rushed into the store. Almost hyperventilating, I ran to the counter: Do have more of those V & B glasses left? They had. So home I went, with 12 new designer glasses at a price which can only be classified as a real steal. I was so excited, I completely forgot the paint.
That the Congress had heretofore recognized the cessation of the emergency is conclusively established by the fact that it had assumed the task of directly enacting, during its past sessions, measures dealing with all the matters covered by the specific legislative powers conceded to the President in Commonwealth Act No. 671. This is in line with the fundamental reason for the approval of said Act, as may be gathered from the following statement of President Quezon: “When it became evident that we were completely helpless against air attack and that it was most unlikely the Philippine Legislature would hold its next regular session which was to open on January 1, 1942, the National Assembly passed into history approving a resolution which reaffirmed the abiding faith of the Filipino people in, and their loyalty to, the United States. The assembly also enacted a law granting the President of the Philippines all the powers that under the Philippine Constitution may be delegated to him in time of war.” (The Good Fight, pp. 204-205.) When President Quezon said “in time of war”, he undoubtedly meant factual war, a situation that existed at the time of the passage of Commonwealth Act No. 671.
We have had some fabulous entries into our "Spring Is All Around" challenge already, but you still have till the end of the month to get your entries in :) Remember you can enter with any craft and you can enter the challenge more than once as long as you enter with a different type of craft each time.
There were, of course, two problems with this. First, and perhaps most importantly, I am a terrible chess player. I can barely hold my own in a regular game; learning and mastering a variant that uses three boards at once was almost certainly going to be beyond me. Second, to play dragonchess, one must assemble the boards for oneself and that, too, requires skills I did not possess. This didn't stop me from trying, of course, but I utterly failed to do so. Ultimately, I gave up the idea of having three boards stacked on top of one another and instead opted for having three boards placed side by side. This required me -- and the poor souls I goaded into playing with me -- to keep track of which squares on one board were "over" or "under" others. That was hardly insurmountable but it was nevertheless trying, particularly when one considers how many other aspects of standard chess Gygax changed in his variant.
I've been trying to find new ways to wig my dolls and decided to experiment with rooting doll hair.
after our trial run with 10 people on Beyond the Whiteboard, I decided to upgrade our subscription. We are now able to support 25 of our hard working crossfitters with a FREE Beyond the Whiteboard membership. There are 13 spots left as of now and I will give them out on a first come first serve basis. At the moment, this offer is for REGULAR MEMBERS only. Shoot me an Email to michael@crossfitassault.de (I can not guarantee that I will see your reply here or on Facebook and I wont be able to see who replied first) if you want to start logging your workouts on BTWB.
She saw her father kissing me.
As you can see, I've done an entire homage to Donna (Popsicle Toes) by fussy cutting the hat, nose, feet and the fuzzy pom pom with the hat trim. I must say, I love the way this looks in person.
We want you to go over and read the Destructoid interview because they ask some great questions, but we could not resist stealing
Cliff jumped
As I relayed what happened to my husband we both chuckled because we know our son very well, and as my cousin describes him -- "He's so sweet you just want to dunk him in milk and eat him" his poor little spirit took a battering today.
By L.J. Hadaway
“Enthusiasm is the mother of effort, and without it nothing great was ever achieved.”
As an aside: this is my current metaphor for a good story — characters butting heads with each other and spinning off in new directions. Too many authors today have their characters butting heads, moving straight back and butting heads again. If the characters don’t ricochet off into a different direction each time, you have characters that don’t change and hence you have a static story.
-Lindsay
Of course The Cribs aren’t trying to be an arena band, they just want to make another great record and ‘In The Belly Of The Brazen Bull’ is unequivocally a great record. They must be very proud. “I just want every record to do better than the last one” says Ryan “so more and more people get to hear us and hopefully understand us, that's always the main goal with our records, for people to understand us.”
Roman Reloaded started out awkwardly with Roman Holiday… this is Nicki, I’ll allow it. Kept going awkwardly with some unexpected instrumentals. Chorus chimes in and I melt into a pink puddle. This track has a perfect clash of smooth instrumentals combating jarring tribals. An eargasmic bout for the “take your medication theme” of the track.
1 cup of tomato sauce
Do you write funny stories? Have you enjoyed an author's style or voice? Who makes you laugh?
I refuse to accept this Zecharia Sitchin style of thinking, and also his assertions that white Europeans are hybrids between the slave species and the Annunaki from Mars who are called Nephilim in the Bible. Tellinger presented this absurd theory to explain the technological advantage whites have over other races. Despite all these mind-boggling theories there does seem to be a fine thread of truth between all the fiction, which supports what other experts have concluded regarding the mysterious ancient ruins in Mpumalanga.
The Venky’s completed their takeover with the guidance of football agent Jerome Anderson, who continues to be involved in the running of the club and who interestingly counts then first team coach, Steve Kean, as a client. Are the owners, blind to the ways of our beautiful game, simply receiving bad advise then?
Try pairing similar colors and styles. The yellow of the shoe pairs well with other primary colors- such as red pants, and a multi-colored shirt.
They were disappointed.
University of Brighton product design students have the advantage of an unfixed placement time, meaning that students are available to work for varying lengths of time at different points throughout the year.
The book even includes a chapter on what it might be like in outer space, as a member of an expedition to a distant star. Yes, that will carry its own biological and psychological risks.
... and Heaven knows, I am a little bit miserable now, because I can't take it.
The full letter:
Yes, another Valentine’s Day.
Douglas Irgang, 32, New York, N.Y.
7:00 a.m.: I don’t have much time to write today’s post: power is going to be cut soon, and will remain cut for ten to twelve hours if the past few days are any guide. The state-owned utility companies are rationing electricity and also water in all neighborhoods (though our water has yet to be cut). So I will limit this post to a few indications of the current state of affairs in Bamako.
4/3/12 I am thankful for
Makes 4 burgers
The treasures of the second house, in their fullness, are both the things and the meanings which our ancestors regularly celebrated and gave offerings to and thanks for - an act that requires true mastery of humbleness, humility and the realization that that which we receive in this lifetime has been entrusted to us. These gifts have been entrusted to us both by our physical ancestors and by the divine mother herself. Those who lived long before us understood that the power of their lives was completely dependent upon those gifts of nature, dependent upon the magical, mysterious transformation bestowed upon them within the secret temples of their mothers’ very wombs. What they chose to do with those gifts gave them the empowerment of their own life story.
There are three main reasons for that, analysts say. First, all three newcomers have established parents. Peach, which started flying in March, and Air Asia Japan, which starts in August, are part-owned by ANA, one of Japan’s two main carriers. Jetstar Japan, which launches operations in July, is one-third owned by Japan Airlines (JAL). Such ties have usually hobbled low-cost airlines elsewhere: incumbents hate to cannibalise their…..
She was sitting in a chair pulled up close to the bed.......
The day this all came to a screeching halt for me was April 24th. I was in the midst of finishing up details for our women’s retreat we just experienced this past weekend.
I guess this time, under all the circumstances, I just want to finish. I’ll do what I feel like. And if I feel like walking? I’ll tell myself that’s not an option.
Published on Mar 27, 2009
The thing about us as comedians is this…
Fast forward about 10 years and I am holding my newborn daughter while my son is tearing up the house and my husband is laid up on the couch with a broken neck (car accident). I remember wanting to pull my hair out. Then, these two people came into my head and next thing I know, I’m at the computer writing their story.
I prefer to read books before watching their movie adaptations, and this book was no exception. So when I saw this edition in the bookshop (just look at that amazing cover!), I just had to have it. And it turned out that the book was every bit amazing as the cover.
This meme started when an anonymous person on a popular image site posted a picture of the character Halo from the popular Halo games, saying the following in a caption:
She was one of our medical secretaries who saw my struggles when my battle began. Despite the grapevine, she knew the truth of what was going on with my situation. She knew because she cared and encouraged me the moment she found out.
-- Babe Ruth
James Massone (Team Cee Lo) – singing “Just The Way You Are” by Billy Joel. Great song choice. I will admit that I was at rehearsal today so I watched dvr’d the voice and watched it when I got home, but I was scanning twitter during the moments of break. I happened to see The Voice tweet about how people loved James “just the way he is” and a petty part of me felt a little irritated that they gave him what I thought to be the Bruno Mars song for tonight’s performance. So hearing that it was Billy Joel’s song makes me realize how silly I was being. Cee Lo told James he was setting him up to win. This is a classic song. The saxophone was a really nice touch and it was a chick playing it. Good stuff. James did a really great job on the song, but I don’t know if it was good enough to get him the votes. So girls (ladies) lend this man your vote if you want him to remain in the competition. Blake said he’s been a big fan since the beginning, and though he sang it great, it felt like it laid there. Xtina agreed with him that he has a special voice and he gets the ladies attention but personally she wanted something different from last week. Adam said he loved it. Cee Lo said that James is genuine and sweet, so do what comes natural and he enjoyed it. 1-855-VOICE-04
Is the feeling of desolation common? Perhaps how this is how everybody feels. Maybe it’s due to quitting smoking; I’ve got another empty hole in my brain. But everyday I feel like crying, and it’s not like I work in a wellington boot factory. I am such an ungrateful wretch.
I believe I overworked this piece, and it went from something I enjoyed to something I fretted. I still love the composition though. I have a colored photo of this same scene that Michael took, though his is further back. The siding on the house is a dark red color and the cupola roof is more of a spire style than rounded.
MUFSON MA. All healthcare workers need influenza vaccine annually. New Directions in Prevention Inside Influenza. April 2002, Volume 2, Nummer 1.
Preheat the oven to 180C. Place the ricotta, rind, basil, oregano, parsley, salt and pepper in a bowl and mix well to combine. Use a sharp knife to cut a slit in the side of each chicken breast to create a pocket. Spoon the ricotta mixture into the pockets. Place the chicken in an ovenproof dish. Add the tomatoes, garlic and stock and bake for 25 mins or until the chicken is cooked through. Sprinkle with basil to serve.
Enjoy this Leni Original!
This follows a luxury ski vacation in Aspen, just a few weeks after a 17-day Hawaiian vacation that reportedly cost $4 million (up from $2.5 million in 2010).
Regarding the sketch, please make a link to this post in stead of placing the sketch on your own blog. If someone wants to join us they can find the sketch here and get inspired by the cards of our DT members .... Thanks!
Our next super-chef of the 19th century is a bit of a mystery man…but ending up as chef to Queen Victoria definitely puts him in the top league, don’t you think?
They arrived at the hospital and I guess this was my “virtual handover” to the nurses and doctors at the hospital’s ER. Again, I reminded Tim that while they were waiting to be triaged and seen by the nurse/doctor, to look out for signs of shock, reassuring Joe, while continuing to speak to Tim ensuring he stays alert and conscious.
Yeah....I forget to do stuff like that.
So long, Davy, until we meet again.
It was bizarre and unsettling to watch. I was the only photographer there. For awhile, nobody took much notice of me. I guess they were too caught up in the moment. In Afghanistan and other conflict areas where I have worked, I have learned from my colleagues how to gauge how long I should stay in risky areas. In this case, I had no barometer, no one to ask, just my own intuition to go on.
There is nothing finer than fresh corn picked from the fields and on your table in the same day. But as the growing seasons change, what is the chance of that happening?
Ever been to the Sengkang Sculpture Park? No? Here are some pictures. You can walk from the Sengkang MRT to get here, then follow the LRT lines to Compassvale Street .
f) A support for patience is faith, or the assurance that, working in this way for God, you are His servant and He is your Master, Who sees your efforts, is gladdened by them and values them; hope that the help of God which is ever protecting you, is always ready and waiting for you, and will descend upon you in your time of need, that God will not forsake you to the end of your life, and preserving you as one faithful to His commandments here, among all temptations, He will lead you through death to His eternal Kingdom; love, which meditates day and night upon the beloved Lord, in every way strives to do only what is pleasing to Him, and avoids everything that might offend Him in thought, word or deed.
_____I decided I no longer need the approval of others. What do you guys think?
My first encounter with Barcelona nightlife. Cristina managed to get us on the list so we got in for free. I was so happy out on the terrace. The weather was perfect and I could smell the sea for the first time since August (I don’t count the beach of Oostende because it just doesn’t have the same sort of smell).
The first photo shows you how beautiful the entire card is.
There are so many blog posts I want to write, and so little time to do so...so today I have a news round up for you. Normal blogging service will be resumed sometime.
“Especially given that that oleaginous little prick, Oliver Letwin, was also in the room. Why not start on him? Something’s not right.”
The area that is today Hell’s Kitchen was first settled in the 1850’s and 1860’s after the New York Central first ran a railroad down the West Side of Manhattan. At the time there was a vast influx of Irish and other immigrants into New York City. The opening of the Erie Canal in 1825 (which was significantly built with Irish laborers) created vast economic growth, and conditions were significantly depressed in Ireland, particularly after the failure of the potato crop in 1845. As a result huge numbers of Irish (perhaps as many as 1 million) came through New York harbor. Politically there was very severe anti-Catholic and anti-Irish prejudice, as these new immigrants were destitute, Catholic, and in some cases spoke only Gaelic. However, Archbishop John Hughes, the recently appointed leader of the Catholic Church in the City sought to unify them politically to fight anti-Catholic prejudice. He allied himself with a somewhat strange political group called the Tammany Society which had been the predominant force in the Democratic party and had come to power in the New York City elections of 1800, in which it defeated John Adam’s more aristocratic federalist party, led locally by Alexander Hamilton, and swung the City, State and nation to elect Thomas Jefferson. In that election its key strategist was Aaron Burr who recruited such candidates as General Horatio Gates (hero at the battle of Saratoga) and former governor George Clinton.
God is not dead, nor does He sleep…
It would not be very shocking if he will be inserted in your pep talks with your friends. With his amazing pen, he made stories for teens like me, or even kids and adults, to read.
I have thought about switching a unit of Sword Masters to White Lions (same points cost), but am not sure. The 2 attacks each from the Sword Masters is just so good.
Anyway, just so I'm not a total motherly failure to my little Sherman-fetus, I put up the obligatory gender poll. (It's off to the right underneath the BlogHer ads.) Give us a vote! For what it's worth, I'm sort of thinking boy. But I was sort of thinking boy last time, too, and you can see how accurate that was. Two of my coworkers know already, actually, thanks to a spur of the moment ultrasound play-date in the middle of the night, but I asked that they not tell me since Schmoopsie was snoozing away at home. The two of us will know a week from today!
I am published by Pulse Publishing, an independent, traditional publishing house. You can visit their website at http://www.pulsepub.net. I’m also on Facebook as Narielle Living
For the buyer, it is essential to have a game plan. It’s for a good cause, so you want to donate a reasonable amount of money (and avoid looking like a cheap skate!). You also need to remember, it’s a bake SALE, so usual capitalist principles apply. You are the consumer and a good is being supplied. It is important to get value for money. It’s not a case of what you “feel” like eating at the time, you need to think of the bigger picture. Lunch time, afternoon tea, evening meal. What will you be in the mood for then? Then there is the added pressure of loved ones at home. If they know you will be attending a bake sale, there is the expectation that you will bring back baked goods. You then have to think about what they would like to eat. If you can’t handle this sort of pressure, I suggest you keep your mouth shut and keep the bake sale to yourself.
It was my first Clear Out Day, so I was excited. I actually had organized many of my emails into folders and could easily find the topic and the email threads I was searching. Did I have time to read all that came into my email box? - No! Had I spent a lot of time lately not bothering to read most of what came into my email box? -Yes! So these were signs to me that my Gmail account was no longer serving me, I no longer loved it and the entire thing felt "heavy" and "overwhelming" to me, so I knew it was time to clear it out.
2 tablespoons whole milk
"For me, it became a pleasure to kill. The first time, it's to please the government. After that, I developed a taste for it. I hunted and caught and killed with real enthusiasm. It was work, but work that I enjoyed. It wasn't like working for the goverment. It was like doing your own true job - like working for myself ... I was very, very excited when I killed. I remember each killing. Yes, I woke every morning excited to go into the bush. It was the hunt."
-Fit one of the pie crusts into the bottom of a 9 inch pie dish. Spoon the mixture into the pie crust until full. Add other pie crust onto the top, smushing together the edges to seal. Cut slits into the top of the pie crust to let steam out. Cover the edges of the pie crust with foil so they don't cook too quickly.
The marching orders: use all Oregon grown hops supplied by Indie Hops; use about 5 pounds per barrel (to match my 50th), and unleash it on the night of my roast, cold (two months hence). The name: Imperi-Ale 5.0.
The sensation of sliding into her was divine. A sensation of warmth and love spread across me. She leaned over and whispered her adoration in my ear as I impaled her. I was suddenly overcome with the heat of her deepest more secret place and the warmth of her breath in my ear as she filled my head with loving and filthy images. Instead of feeling like I was going to fill her with my cum, I felt as if my cock was absorbing her desire and her adoration. I was being filled with lust from both my cock and my ass.
The Luna Park Lady
Ugmo - A really really super duper ugly person
(cue funk drums and wah-wah guitar riff)
But Wyoming – and every State of the US, really – is highly germane to the European Project. (The only exception to this is Illinois, which is highly German. Sorry. Silly gag, couldn’t resist it.)
But nothing you recorded with them ever got released I assume?
I'm not sure what it would be like to be a person who worried afterwards. Do they actually exist or have I just made them up to make my blog post flow? Maybe you can tell me.
Here are the fabulous educators that I have spent each Wednesday evening with for the last three months. Tonight was our last class together. We celebrated the great work we completed over the semester and enjoyed each others company for a few hours. It always is nice to talk to other teachers and share (or vent) what is going on in our classrooms. I have so enjoyed working with this group and hope to see them in classes I take in the future.
The history of personal water transportation devices is a long and storied one. To this end, flasks, pouches, coconuts and so on have been used at various times in human history with varying levels of success. Each new day brings progress.
not with a whisper but with a shout
The only major difference is that Peron was clever enough to stay neutral instead of joining Hitler's war. As already mentioned, Mussolini stayed neutral for a couple of years too but finally made the fatal mistake of joining in.
Silver Bird Group Bhd shares plunged by more than 50% yesterday, wiping off RM81.3 million of its market capitalisation as the share closed the day at 20.5 sen, after investors reacted negatively to the news of posssible financial irregularities of about RM111.5 million.
The Romanceaholic wins the Overprotected pack.
walking onto clean Largo blancas arenas..
The history of yoga is a very long one and many people do not know this. Yoga is much more then an exercise and you may want to explore this further if it interests you. Incorporating all of the aspects of yoga can help you to get more fulfillments out of the entire yoga process.
There seems to be so many young people today that are depressed or addicted or lost in some way. I have a few philosophies on why, and I think Lou wrote a post not long about a generation of "helicopter parents" that have changed the whole process of growing up for a generation of kids. Bottom line: if parents don't allow their children to feel the consequences of life, they will hit a certain age and not be prepared for reality and therefore not be able to cope in a healthy way.
Come back tomorrow when I share more birthday fun and a fabulous upgrade of a box cake mix!
I didn’t invent it.
Keen to Travel local or Overseas
RR—You can imagine, though, if the thing shut out your car…. He said it was like a big eyeball looking right in the car. You can imagine that would be terrifying. So I guess it depends on what a person’s expectations are, but also, who knows, the lights may….
Nakamura postulates the Chinese emphasis on particular, vivid, and complicated details reflected in other aspects of culture, as in literature and art. In the world of Chinese martial arts, or kung fu, highly complex sequences of moves, transitions, and countermoves can be stated in very short order, but would very extremely difficult to describe in English.
Submitted my proposal, and now waiting for results. I have high hopes. That’s it for now. I am posting something after a very long time. I have been busy. More on my GSoC proposal, and project idea later. Got to finish some work.
Here's the standings so far:
Provence Village is the very first place we visited after going out of the airport. I was really excited because I thought we will be going to Petit France. I was the first one to excitedly get off the bus to look for the Little Prince-inspired landmarks and I realised we’re at the wrong place (Our tour guide was speaking in Thai so I couldn’t understand what he was talking about most of the time).
All I can do is try to determine what is best for my family.
The flea is kinda like Vegas in that respect... I only carry the amount I'm willing to spend. If I have a lot of money on hand, I'll most likely spend it. But if you find the perfect high-ticket item and you need more cash, vendors will usually hold the item until you get the cash you need.
te denken, dat ik als een helle vlam kán
I have not posted here in so long! But, I feel like an update is due. I have been very, very busy lately!
DPs, buttons, ric-rac, and ladybug clothespin, stamp, & charm: My stash
Rating 7/10
This morning the articles I read were both inspiring and strangely connected. (Sadly, I have lost my morning place in the twitterstream and can't remember who I got these from. So thanks to anyone who linked to these articles. Next time I'll take better notes.)
I cannot remember ever having an itchy minge before I met him. I'm sure I must have, I just don't remember it. And truly, it's not all that itchy now. It's more like he has given me a complex about scratching my snatch.
She added, “the tourism sector’s immense potential has yet to be fully tapped as further growth can come from innovative tourism products such as the 1Malaysia International Shoe Festival, Malaysia International Night Floral Parade, 1Malaysia Contemporary Art Tourism, Fabulous Food 1Malaysia, Parks & Gardens Tourism, Helicopter Tourism, Bicycle and Motorbike Tourism.”
If you need a little inspiration just take a look at the stunning creations my fab Design Team have created with this special Tilda aren't they all great.
the world was in my room, my head;
(Paul Lewis, 1980)
The owners are trained also trained by Heifer International
with lust in eye
I am underlining the wool coating with cotton flannel. Because of the added bulk, once I press open the seams, I am catch-stitching them to the flannel underlining. Turns out, this makes it so much easier to match seams! The collar and facing pieces are getting underlined with plain black cotton. I may add cuffs to the long sleeved version, but I am not sure about that yet.
If you haven’t read my contributions to Australia’s most popular and fastest growing web-based on-line internet-only magazine about beer and called Australian Brews News – well what’s wrong with you? It really is a cracking good read and the best place to get all the news, views and reviews about brews in this country since about whenever.
Share? For every Tweet/Facebook Post – 2 Extra Entries.
The next thing I tried was popcorn. In addition to a mention at the end of the Times article, I'd read a few things online that said popcorn popped in virgin coconut oil was pretty damn good. We eat popcorn at home as a healthy snack, or sometime even for dinner if we're just too tired to cook. A while back a friend stared at me in disbelief when I suggested popcorn was healthy! I sent her a few links such as this one which explains that popcorn is a whole grain, contains fiber, and is low in calories. Also, it's delicious, fun to eat, and makes you feel full longer (if you're into that). Previously we had made popcorn at home with peanut oil or ghee. The other night Dave popped a LARGE serving of popcorn in about 1 Tablespoon of coconut oil (simply popped on the stovetop in a large pot).... and it was fantastic! He added no butter or other flavor except a bit of salt. The popcorn had a wonderful taste but did NOT taste coconut-y at all, just tasted like really great popcorn. Also, left no grease on your fingers (another negative side effect of adding butter at the end). We will definitely be popping it in this method again.
Busted. ”I’ll never live this one down,” I thought.
+ SPLIFF STAR – Single
.....he learned to train a dog
I am not going to bore you with sundry details that you can easily find elsewhere. The important thing is that many people have found inspiration in this cocktail, whether drinkers or bartenders. The Corpse 2 has provoked the creation of new cocktails as numerous bartenders have riffed on its proven recipe. These variations can stand on their own, all of them are unnumbered and therefore their Corpse 2 reference passes unacknowledged. In a series of posts, I plan on further exploring these homages to the Corpse 2. I am sure I will miss some, but it will be a fitting ode to one of my favorite drinks.
but the tune your bones play
are a stout-lover (or even if you aren't) come down and taste 12
Round Stick Segments to add texture and counting
Submit an alternative movie poster in your own style inspired by your favorite film!
Diane Greene
The response at Leech Lake is, “Yeah, we may not have millions of dollars for golf courses and lincolns, but our kids speak our tribal language and that’s worth a lot more.” The language and the lifeways it embodies, that which makes Indians different from Americans, is what matters most to many. While a large part of life on the rez is still about survival, Treuer also sees it as a fight to stay different, to stay tribal, to prevent Indians from becoming “the worse kind of Americans” concerned only with mainstream success. Either way, whether fighting for economic independence or fighting to keep what they have, it is always a struggle. As Lorena from Red Lake points out, “’They get mad at us for being poor, and then when some folk do all right, they get mad at us for being rich.’”
For the past 30 years, our nation’s economy has suffered the ministrations of members of a bizarre religious cult known as “Economics.” Many splinter sects of this cult exist, each decrying the others as heresies. But all the cults of economics share one trait — they don’t work. All economics is voodoo. Astrology. Tarot reading.
An introductory look at the current state of queer studies.
1 can solid-pack pumpkin
The religious authorities — the chief priests, elders and other religious leaders — agreed among themselves that Jesus had to be arrested. The high priest, Caiaphas, went a step further: he suggested he must die. But it all had to be planned and carried out by stealth, without stirring up the crowds streaming into Jerusalem for Passover.
Go to your blog's dashboard and "add a widget". You will want an "html/javascript" widget.
1 John 1:8-10–If we say that we have no sin, we deceive ourselves, and the truth is not in us. If we confess our sins, He is faithful and just to forgive us our sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness. If we say that we have not sinned, we make Him a liar, and His word is not in us.
The higher holiness abounds with love, compassion and tolerance, as the mark of its most radiant perfection.
Deputy Richard Boyd Barrett: ￼ ￼ No, I did not.
My first impression on going to school in Finland was how informal and
Step Three – Methods of Pursuing Strategy
The following schools will be addressed
The classic definition of Floor Area Ratio (FAR) =
the EXHIBITION LAB
About this time, 'The Big 5' was born. Major corporations thought it a good idea to buy into the publishing world. (I'm not sure why they thought this to be a good investment.) Basically, 'The Big 5' gobbled up all the little guys creating the top five publishing houses (recent data shows these to be Random House, Pearson, Hachette, Harper Collins, and Simon & Schuster). This meant that most other publishers out there (i.e. Doubleday, Knopf, Little Brown, Pocket, etc.) became divisions or imprints of the large publishing houses. For the author, if a book was/is submitted to the publishing house and is turned down, then it is turned down by every imprint or division under the publishing house's umbrella. This, of course, has made it harder for the author to get his/her work noticed by one of the major publishing houses.
Since quitting smoking the new addictions have turned to working out. I love working out, I love challenging myself to new work outs, it gives me that AWWW feeling like smoking use to. Working out 17 days smoke free is different, I can't describe it. Just in 17 days I notice such a HUGE difference in my body. If I do find myself bored or in need of one I either work out or have some sunflower seeds in my mouth. I still have a package of sunflower seeds in my car at all times, makes the commute a lot easier instead of me cursing like a sailor ready to beat every driver. The one thing I have noticed since quitting is I always have to keep busy or have my mind busy, so if its cleaning, organizing things, making to do lists, planning something, doing something with Gage or my husband, sunflower seeds, working out, or whatever I have to keep going at all times, its strange, almost like I have all this energy, more than I had before!
I love Goldilock's hair. It reminds me of my daughter Ashley's hair. I wish my hair was like that! I had wanted to use a PTI stamp set that had a wooden chair in the background and some fun sentiments but decided to my typecast this sweet image. Also it will be easier for troops to sent home with a "love" message instead.
Just clearing out the muck: the weeds,
Halpert JA, Wilson ML, Hickman JL. Pregnancy as a source of bias in performance appraisals. Journal of organizational behaviour 1993; 14: 649-663.
4532 5324 3245......
It sounds almost like an excuse, and I know that people are going to laugh at me about this; but, I think that I need to change out my wheels.
I want to live in that world. Please, please, please.
"Jenny! Watch!! Watch me!! Jenny? Jenny!! Watch!!!"
After the meeting, Brownback cornered me and asked if I had any questions for him. I should have been overjoyed. Here was a U.S. Senator requesting a personal interview! Instead I said, "No, thanks. I think I have everything I need."
Peace out, SnazzyHam.
The last recipe in the episode was Red Velvet Sheet Cake with Classic Red Velvet Frosting. Now, I LOVE Red Velvet Cake. If we're out and I see it on a menu and I think it's probably made in-house at a restaurant, I will usually order it but this recipe was definitely not a favorite of mine. There was too little cocoa, so you never quite got that background chocolate richness that you typically get with red velvet, so I'd have to probably pass on this recipe again. Usually Red Velvet is accompanied with Cream Cheese Frosting, so the accompanying frosting was a bit different as well but in a good way. I liked it because it wasn't too sweet. I may keep that one around for the future.
This is what I am seeking to talk to you about for a variety of reasons. First, you know me in ways that others don’t. Second, I seek your assistance in putting my best foot forward. Third, I was seeking your support in my decision.
Her numbers, particularly the duet with Rachel, "Maybe This Time," were pitch-perfect, ranging from the forlorn "Alone" to Carrie Underwood's bouncy "Last Name." All of them were thoroughly delightful.
I’ve blogged about Ruhezeit once or twice before, but it’s a pretty important rule that’s worth mentioning again. During this time, you’re not allowed to make noises that would disturb your neighbors. The quiet hours vary depending on the apartment building, but it’s generally every evening/night through early morning. It also applies to Sundays (all day) and to lunch time (daily).
Get a page of an old calendar that you like and which has a colour you think will work- I chose a page of a herbaceous border with hot pink - as below. Put the template on the calendar page, draw the image using the template as guidance.
I say all of this in response to an idea in the previous blog in this series, The Phenomenon known as Global Warming. The idea that everything crumbles to the sea is not new. But as the sea levels rise and weather becomes more extreme, this erosion will accelerate.
Unfortunately he’s young and has a bad rep of being a total goofball, and my boss doesn’t even take him seriously, but that’s all on him. I’ve worked with him for 5 years and I can count on two hands how many times I’ve seen him actually take work seriously. If he is mad at anyone he should be mad at himself, because I’m not the only one who sees him in this light. People will see you the way you portray yourself to be and nothing else. To me, it’s better to be honest than to lie.
His is a view shared by the prime minister and other BN figures, and naturally echoed throughout the state media where Najib was widely quoted as describing the rally to be an attempt to topple the government.
BARACK: Hey, honey. Wake up! I think I heard something. Did you hear something?
Similar language appears in Book 10 (The Book of Transactions), Chap. 8, of the Sahih Muslim, another widely agreed upon Hadith, which states that “it is invalid to sell the commodity before taking possession of it” in reference to grain.
- Saint Hedwig Air conditioning purchase and installation / Saint Hedwig AC purchase and installation
There’s a certain degree of hypocrisy in that position.
While we were at the LNS, there was a snow storm. Actually it was white fuzzy pollen coming from some trees behind the shop but it was coming down so heavy, it looked like snow. Everyone was looking up in confusion before realizing what it actually was! And of course I left my camera at home!
Xypherous: This isn’t just about Iron Stylus.
No Day Off, Eric Khoo, Singapore. Documentary, 40 min.
In 1960 Ms. James was signed by Chess Records, the Chicago label that was home to Chuck Berry, Muddy Waters and other leading lights of black music. She quickly had a string of hits, including “All I Could Do Was Cry,” “Trust in Me” and “At Last,” which established her as Chess’s first major female star.
yes (+2)
50 gr melted dark chocolate
Me: OHMYWORD HOW DID I LIVE BEFORE I READ TSUBASA?????
It fit.
Blancmange Don’t tell me UK
If you want to really get in the spirit of the thing, there are a lot of great Chinese cookbooks out there. I, personally, have three favorites and don't think you can go wrong owning all three because they are so different one from the other.
We will most likely use the pouch in the divider, or three hole punch, to place vehicle maintenance stubs/receipts as well. Not only will this help us keep track, but it will also be very nice for any other owners of the car in the future, if we were ever to want to sell...
Following on from the recipe for the Unbaked Chocolate Biscuit Cake (similar to the one being served at the Royal Wedding of Prince William and Kate Middleton) that I featured on this site a few days ago, here is a version of the Heston Blumenthal Royal Wedding Trifle (soon to be sold by Waitrose under the name of The Royal Trifle).
While Crispy Ambulance was certainly no stranger to sonic experimentation in the studio, their live performances were where they let their more aggressive sonic tendencies reign supreme. In early 1982, preceding the release of The Plateau Phase, the Crispies joined a European tour organized by Wally Van Middendorp, front-man for Dutch post-punk minimalists, the Minny Pops, which they headlined with Factory Benelux label-mates Section 25. All eight shows were recorded by Section 25 soundman John Hurst, and these tapes became the source of the cassette-only 1983 release, Open Gates of Fire. Ironically, it would be this release, along with the cassette-only compilation, The Blue and Yellow of the Yacht Club, that would finally garner Crispy Ambulance the critical praise they had been denied following the release of their stunning studio debut. Soon after, a full critical reappraisal of the Crispies took place, and The Plateau Phase, once summarily written off by critics as a purely derivative work, was now being hailed as a masterpiece; for example, David McCullough called it an album that "wasn't only ahead of its time, it seemed to have invented its own time [...] and still ranks as a monster of an album." Nevertheless, by the time people had finally begun to listen, the band had already decided to call it quits, soon thereafter reforming as the thoroughly forgettable Ram Ram Kino before fading from memory for the next seventeen years.
Mirth and youth and warm desire!
17. Inspire
Seen in isolation, much of what has happened appears quite harmless, in some instances even beneficial, however, when viewed all together a far darker picture begins to emerge:
4 pounds rump roast
And share with others
Shelley, who was an account sup has left the business altogether. She's near 70 and near retirement, working as the office manager for a psychiatrist in Long Beach.
Ink: Clearsnap Fluid Chalk Ink - Creamy Brown & Chestnut
Beijing Foreign Studies U marked its 70th birthday Saturday night with a gala performance that was a cross between the Academy Awards without quite so much crystal and diamonds (altho insanely high production values & expense & presence of dignitaries) and “Glee” in the number, adorableness, and talent of the young performers who did everything from hip hop to African dance to Lite fm ballads to Mandarin hits. It was like nothing a U.S. university would ever do: Shipped in guest singers, super flashy decor. The host & hostess (wish I could have understood their patter). Red carpet from the stadium out to the street. (Of course, rows of uniformed guards in formation.) Massive video backdrop with slides ranging from patriotic antique war scenes where Chinese & Russians are side-by-side in furry hats (BFSU was founded to teach Russian for military purposes) to amber waves of grain, women on the front lines, dewey scenes of the campus throughthe ages, beside a century of world leaders images of its most illustrious graduates — something like 1,000 diplomats. But the centerpiece for me was a song for the teachers — queue pix of glasses perched on books, blackboards, and then one by one, the faculty. All this while a guy in white silk who was kind of Sinatra-esque sang a gorgeous love song called “You.”
Many times I felt that I had reached my limit, that I would lose my mind if I did not escape from my situation. I ran away from one orphanage with my roommate Crystal one night when I was around eleven years old, and we wandered through the woods to a dirt road. We walked to the home of Lillie Mae White, the cook for the orphanage. When we knocked on her door and she saw who we were, she drew a deep breath of dismay. She was plump little black lady with small round spectacles, and she never seemed to be without an apron and a hairnet on. She asked me how I knew where she lived, and I still don’t remember how I knew, unless I just looked in the phone book or something. She was a kind woman, and was obviously concerned about us, and knew that we came there because we trusted her. She gave us a warm home-cooked meal as we sat out on her porch, and her relatives came and went from the house as we visited. They seemed to be such a close-knit family, something that always made me jealous and upset inside.
Affidavit of Probable Cause- Second Degree Murder
So, honestly, I don't know if I killed anything today but it still felt as bad, if not worse, than any euthanasia I've ever performed.
The Lord will keep your going out and your coming in from this time forth and forevermore."
I have a meeting at 8 am. I will be in class as soon as possible. I have another meeting with a conference call in my office at 9:00 am.
I didn't know I was going to start a diet today but I did.
My inspiration? The web. I've found pieces online that I love (but could never afford,) I've visited paint stores (hoarding their paint swatches) and scoured craigslist for treasures (which I'm still working on.)
If such a draconian law were ever to be passed - I suspect very few people would grumble!
Annabel loves to sit there and pretend she's the teacher reading to her class!
Lead and enjoy a good life, do and say things that enrich... and do not forget to tell the people close to you, how much you love them!
New Releases - There are a lot of films out this week but i doubt any of them will knock Avengers Assemble of the top spot, first off is the 3D re-release of Beauty and the Beast, next is romantic drama starring Zac Effron in the Lucky One, the latest Spanish film to get a remake is also released this week in the form of Silent House, Jason Statham is back in action mode in Safe and finally the full gang return of a big meet up in American Pie Reunion.
Apparently my math skills (preggo brain!) were lacking yesterday when I posted, saying that we needed to keep progressing smoothly for the next 18ish weeks. I am a little over 23 weeks so that would equal 41 weeks and as much as I would like to go all the way to full term at 40+ weeks, I am pretty sure that we are planning on inducing at week 39 which means we need to stay boring and keep baking for another 16 weeks :)
Hope you are having a great week!
I first became aware of the Yes Men when they were part of an article I wrote about theatrical protest for the Village Voice during the Republican National Convention in 2004. Andy Bichlbaum and Mike Bonanno are the titular characters. Their m.o. is to infiltrate actual corporate and government-sponsored convenings masquerading as presenters, and then to give heinous, completely objectionable talks, savoring the acceptance of their Swiftian propositions. Flim flam men to the core, they perform the valuable function of exposing the dark underbelly of the Bottom Line philosophy. It shouldn’t shock anyone to know that, while multi-national companies talk a good line about corporate responsibility (see any PBS sponsorship promo), when you get inside the corridors of power, human values and morality aren’t even on the table. It’s strictly about profit.
Yea… Seraph Sanctuary. Think about that card for a moment. Yea. That’s right, you can make Chalice of Life work better for you.
1. Father Of Day, Father Of Night (9:56)
‘We are doing well in terms of attracting really impressive people from around the world.
And speaking of her family, I was super jealous of Tabitha. Cute AND magic with Samantha as a mother? Getthefuckouttatown.
I am no film school student because I think film degree is the most useless piece of shit that isn’t worth 30k of your money to obtain. What can you even do with a film degree? Critics?
Back to this vase. It was starting to snow; did I really want to drive the extra 10 minutes to the far flung Goodwill to see more cheap brass lamps with pleated shades, old computer keyboards, shelves of clear glass florist's vases, worn teflon pans... yup, 95% of thrift store inventory. Luckily my instincts said, "go for it". After wandering up and down a few isles this beauty caught my eye. Standing proud in it's quality porcelain and striking colours I knew what it was. A mint, 12" Rosenthal Studio-Linie Vase.
04 Quicksand/Life On Mars?/Memory Of A Free Festival
A number of talented people checked out this year, and I can’t say I blame them. The following list contains those whom I consider important to my own musical education. Yes, that includes Beatrice Arthur. May they rest in peace …
“AMC’s original hit series Mad Men has become quite the talk around many marketing firms” (Votral). And, this is just one of the many ways the culture of Mad Men is still extremely relevant today. Despite it being set half a century ago, the problems encountered by the characters of Mad Men precisely parallel those which we encounter today. Office romantic affairs, husband and wife betrayal, conflicting advertising agencies, self centered human beings, hiding homosexuality, you name it. These are all major plot problems in the series, and all of them are relevant problems to the lives of contemporary people, as well. It might appear to be extreme; we may frown upon these people immensely, but we are no different. We know this. That is why we love the show. It’s simple, really.
I'm Alana (more formally known as the Intelligent Blonde).
Amidst all the distrust of the political process and those who have been elected to public office, we as Christians nonetheless have a special, God-given responsibility. Romans 13:1-5 says, “Let every soul be subject to the governing authorities. For there is no authority except from God, and the authorities that exist are appointed by God . . . Therefore you must be subject. . .” So in spite of whatever our political leanings may be, let us instead purpose in our hearts to be obedient to the Scriptures. Let us choose to be submissive to those who are in authority over us.
This month I am excited to be sponsoring the prize pack for my friend Helen's card challenge blog 'Card and a Half'........You can find out all about it here : http://cardandahalf.blogspot.com/2011/08/extra-challenge-3.html.
Personally, I am excited about the topic, which is why I suggested it. My special thanks go to Curtis Gary Dean, professor at Ball State University, Peter Wu of Deloitte Consulting, Brian Stoll of Towers Watson, Rong Yi of Milliman and Janine Johnson of Insurance Services Office Inc. Without their consistent availability, the article could not have been written!
LC: I was surprised that Aphrodite languished beside Hephaestus and Ares until the very last minute. Are we all jealous of her beauty? Or is it perhaps that her meddling in the lives of Paris and Helen—leading to the Trojan War—is unforgiveable? I feel that in that case she was only true to her nature, and really, the whole thing was set off by discontented Eris and her wretched apple anyway. As for Hephaestus, well, I rather like him. At least he got his hands properly dirty with all that smith work—and he had a pretty rotten start in life (Hera again, chucking him down to earth and crippling him). His inventions were amazing—and I’ve always wanted one of his trundling magical food trolleys. Ares—well, personally I would have put him lowest of the low. Apart from the problem I have with war anyway, he was a coward who whimpered with fear when he had even the smallest wound. If you’re going to set heroes fighting—let alone the rank and file troops—then at least have the decency to set them a heroic example.
SAM WITWER: It’s interesting because the first season was about them building the home and trying to reconnect with their humanity. And now, this season is all about the obstacles to maintaining that home and that sanctuary. The more that they try to create this safe unit, the more that the ugly stuff starts getting let in, and it gets pretty dark. Things get pretty complicated.
The family’s story unfolds, gradually. As a reader you are drawn into the question of “whose side are you on?” But it’s complicated. I found myself wavering in support of one and then the other. Is Alexa selfish for wanting her own life? Should she shut-up because she was warned what she was marrying into? Is Dan selfish for putting the Army first in so many situations and spending more time with his Army buddy than with his family? Will Alexa and Dan’s marriage survive the simmering tensions? You’ll have to read the book to find out. I’m not sure if I was entirely satisfied with the ending …
An alternative way of reconfiguring the curriculum along less hierarchical lines might be to co-opt some of the practices of Open Space Technology, a humanistic approach to problem-solving in organisations, developed by an American writer, Harrison Owen.
I am learning while in the wilderness. I have my ups and downs. There are so many “stinking grave clothes” (traditional teachings) I need to get rid of. Notice how the graves clothes restricted Lazarus from being totally free. But also note what Jesus said to those gathered, “Jesus said to THEM, Untie him and let him go!” For those coming out of Organized Religion, we need one another. We have to “untie” each other, so to speak. We need to build up and encourage one another in these times. I have not only learned so much as I listen to the voice of my Shepherd, but I am also learning from my brothers and sisters who also listen to the voice of our Teacher.
(and also the loved ones who support them)
5:00 pm Gates open
QUIRKS: A disturbing thriller/horror about a family taken hostage and tormented by 2 charismatic-but-creepy psychotic young men. Sometimes described as “a punch in the stomach”.
What is it about an empty desk, it just can't stay empty for long LOL.
God is tooooo cool. A broken washing machine lead to opening a young man’s eyes.
So the next time you read or hear about social decline, simply ask yourself what evidence do they have, and then ask whether it is really getting worse.
The emporium into which I’ve entered promises me a wi-fi connection. I know this because there is a sign on the door proclaiming precisely that in very large letters. A frothing mug of cappuccino is procured, the laptop is plugged into the mains and fired up – emails need to be written and sent and, like anyone else on the move in a 21st century metropolis, I’m ready to roll. Or so I imagined.
He’d better find someone who appreciates a bold, charismatic woman.
When I visited Chartres in 1992 it felt, unlike some other French cathedrals, to still be a living place of prayer. The glass is spectacular, as is the survival of the medieval floor. It was also very dark - yes, a veritable 'dim religious light' - and I do also recall a certain griminess to it. So yes clean it and restore it to something more like it was eight centuries ago. Maybe go further,and re-colour at least some of the carvings, if not exactly, then more-or-less as they once were.
I continue to be amazed, bemused how some cycling chic women who cycle daily, have such a wide range of dresses, skirts, heeled dress shoes and lovely leather boots. Unless I want to spend a ton of time cruising the second-hand clothing stores, I know I will not be able to make my mortgage payments by having a revolving lovely chic wardrobe with a few new pieces every year.
The road to societal turmoil has often shared the characteristics present in America today: degraded peoples rallied by orators who are capable of capturing the spirit of discontent to win over adherents in droves. These situations provide fertile ground in which a great populist orator, who has understood intimately the plight of the masses, and who is capable of rousing their deepest fears and highest hopes at once, can assume the role of arbiter of salvation and rise to the most vaunted echelons of power. In these situations, the depressed, injured, and indignant await a message of deliverance from their trials, and in so doing provide a receptive audience for the orator. This situation has repeated itself countless times, with both desirable and undesirable outcomes.
Oh...ok...I love the ACL Fest (even if it is named after a knee injury I've tried to avoid for 30 years). I love the Texas Longhorns too. I just wish they'd both take on an identitiy and stick with it. Is ACL going to follow the Americana roots of the old Austin City Limits show, or be an alternative music festival for the kiddies? Jazz Fest in New Orleans always centered there festival around New Orleans musicians and Americana acts...never changing too much. It's always been the best festival ever!
With the cost of managing congestion, building roads, providing parking spaces in busy urban areas etc, driving a powered vehicle is going to be a more expensive affair! With that expense you do get the benefits of door-to-door transport, you can choose your radio channel and whack on the aircon, wear your tallest high heels and not get wet when it rains. Take the rough with the smooth, Griffin!
As for the ol’ Shyamalan twist, it’s back and in full effect. I had my hunch from the beginning, but the story really did keep me guessing ‘til the end. Several different techniques made me change my initial guess, but then THE TWEEST occurs, and low and behold, I was right all along! To be fair, it was mostly a guess. But the trip to THE TWEEST was fun and kept me glued to my seat for the duration.
The surgery was scheduled for the next Monday which being a Friday at the time was all too soon. No time to think, just go through the motions. Phone work, phone medical insurance, phone hospital. Arrange leave, get authorisation codes, complete pre-admission, send/receive confirmations of everything by email. And then it was Monday.
with so-and-so. Drama tenants you;
I’m so aware that you have missed out on some of the security of knowing this from some key people in your life. Please remember that when you have been treated as less valuable, it doesn’t make you less valuable.
Chatting with Joan and Gail is always so entertaining and enlightening! We reconnected on this day, and they were able to now put my name/face with my Twitter handle (@Komos72.) We shared in the amazing learning that is happening on the weekly Daily 5/Cafe chat on Twitter (#d5chat.) If you haven't joined us for one of those chats, I would highly encourage you to do so! Anyway... on with my reflecting...
I've developed a bulging disc in my neck, so can hardly move my arm, back and neck, so I am out of commission for a little while, and on a lot of drugs that make me giggle.
a DARIYA Hair Magic Sheet
And then he hit me with ‘You’re so beautiful, you know that?’
Candid photographs sprung up across the internet documenting groups of friends and their everyday style, able to remind us of the beauty of minimal make up and jeans and tees as well as a classic vintage party dress.
two vials for Parkinson’s and two for pain;
Once upon a time ago I used to be a BIG juice drinker, in fact when I was pregnant with my first my husband will tell you that I went through about 1/2 gallon of orange juice a day. Today I just can’t imagine drinking that much juice in one day. After I had my Pi and started reading on child nutrition, books like Natural Baby Food Cookbook and Dr. Sears Nutrition Book. I learned that processed juice was not a good food source for our babies or ourselves.
For example, Grand Junction, CO, set up a cooperative medical group in which all doctors joined the voluntary association to include all patients, whether covered by Medicaid or private insurance or no insurance, which financially incentivizes health practitioners to increase outcomes while at the same time spreading out reimbursement regardless of insurance. In other words, doctors offices are rewarded financially for producing better patient outcomes than average at much lower costs.
4: Deity Invocation-
Finally, "Gesture Red" was drawn yesterday morning. A male model. One minute pose. Tombow marker with water and brush and black ink on 5"x8" watercolor paper.
PILM: Do you think that this has affected the performance side of recording music? As in, the ‘lets just fix it in the mix’ attitude?
No longer the bizarre combination of five years ago and five minutes ago
When you look into the eyes of someone you love and see your dreams, its a feeling that not even Shakespeare himself can describe, your whole life suddenly makes sense. Everything you've ever done and seen, felt and fought for, suffered and survived, it all finds its place and with it, so do you.
You mean happiness to me
Monday Emy and Henry spent the day with my mum so me and Chris could spend a day together which was lovely, we went into town, decided on a few Christmas presents, had a look at the Christmas market which is really disapointing this year, we had pizza for lunch and then before setting off home had coffee and cake in Starbucks, I can really recommend their Gingerbread loaf cake! Once we were all home again, we finally decoated the Christmas tree :-)
This may seem like an odd topic for me to talk about, one that might get me a lot of flak from men. I assure you, I’m not breaking any man laws. But lately I seem to have gotten into a few arguments about the 1 to 10 scale with a few women. Most find it stupid, while others find it demeaning. This post will explain the inner workings of the 1 to 10 scale that men use oh so much and I will also explain why women shouldn’t have a problem with it.
With leading Hollywood directors and Washington political figures leading the way, America is quickly returning to the paganism that shrouded the world in spiritual darkness for millennia. May God help us heed the warning of the apostle Paul, found in Holy Scripture, who warned that the worship of nature in ancient times was the result of turning from the worship of the one true God who created nature in the first place:
Using a hidden camera, Yuda filmed for six days prior to last Friday's run-off election in which Mugabe claimed victory with 90% of the vote. Morgan Tsvangirai, the MDC leader, had earlier said his party would not be participating in the run-off because of intimidation.
Mr. Croft further noted that right after his measure became law, Wasilla’s local paper reported that Ms. Palin’s handpicked police chief, Charlie Fannon, acknowledged the practice of billing to collect evidence for sexual-assault cases. He complained that the state was requiring the town to spend $5,000 to $14,000 a year to cover the costs. “I just don’t want to see any more burden put on the taxpayer,” the chief explained.
E, dryly: Don't have much choice.
wicked spirits,
I'll take a bear over a shark anyday
(I'll keep practicing until I Do!) Handmade Roses Are Beautiful But Can Be Expensive. I Really Love Them & Need To Make My Own For Use In Altered Jars,Books & Many More Projects!
I think this is the beginning of a wonderful relationship.
However, Christy has also provided a range of different links for softie patterns on her blog...just click HERE! Softies can be sewn, knitted or crocheted, there are no limits to the imagination of a child.
but now, i think, i am back. i can't promise that things will be the same as they were before, blog. now, my time on the computer is usually spent video chatting with joel, who is half a world away, and honestly, i don't think about you much then. every other moment of the day is spent on the phone with insurance companies and lawyers and realtors or chasing around the busiest toddler mankind has ever known. these sound like excuses maybe, still. but, blog? this is what happens when you are aan adult (and a real person). you have more important things. you find different things that make you happy. you grow up. you move on. you change and evolve.
Moreover, there are Ormond Beach homes for sale that are ideal as rest houses or as the person’s main home. So if you are someone who fancy the beach, homes for sale in Ormond Beach is the best for you. There are likewise homes near the central district of Ormond Beach so acquiring all your daily needs will be very convenient for you.
This friend also taught me that hope is what pulls people through. We all need hope at the end of the day. Something to live for, something to keep us going despite our struggles. We all need someone to believe in us and we need to ultimately learn to believe in ourselves.
»Scene 7: Shays’ apartment«
The other chapters and the above mentioned prologue can be found here:
I started stamping in 1994. I quickly became immersed in scrapbooking as photography is my number one love. At the end of 2009 I was introduced to Magnolia and hAnglar stamps and of course Copics and quickly became addicted to them all.
If you think that you need a conditioner, and then use a conditioner which is very mild. Apply the conditioner only at the tips and in the middle do not apply at the roots and scalp and take care that you rinse it completely. Do not select products, which have silicone, oils, or lanolin.
3 - Half the people you know are below average.
15 minute AMRAP of:
Jesus rose from the grave
That there's some corner of a foreign field
(*SADD...squirrel attention deficiency disorder.)
We had a lovely time. We stopped and had a bite to eat at small cafe and then explored town. Yes, in this photo I am on the phone. I had checked for local hotels and was calling to see if there was room for the night.
Tulle
I sort of wish I believed that “nothing happens by mistake” or that things are the way they are “meant” to be. I seems simplistic and, in a way, easy. But I don’t believe it. So I’m left with deciding what I can work on, and what I can change, and honestly that generally leaves me with a feeling of not doing enough for other people.
And finally, Happy Holidays from our house to yours! I say Happy Holidays, knowing full well it rattles those who feel "Merry Christmas" has been lost. But I like "Happy Holidays" just fine - it says whatever holiday you observe, whatever beliefs and traditions you hold dear, I wish you a blessed and merry time of it!
The story behind the Angels is the story of my dear brother Mauri who died when I was 6 years old. He was only 21 years when he passed away. We were very close to each other. He was my hero in many ways. He took care of me and protected me. He was always there when I needed him. His death has cast long, dark shadows over my life and only recently I have began to understand that all these 36 years I have blamed myself for not being able to save my brother.
Those first few days and nights were difficult for me.
In the summer of 2000 Nauman—one of the leading and most innovative contemporary American artists—with the help of infrared light, filmed his workspace in the dark. Over forty-two nights and just as many hours, he taped the room from different angles, looking to capture the movements of his cat and the field mice who had previously moved in. The end result was Nauman’s video installation Mapping the Studio I (Fat Chance John Cage). Consisting of seven real-time green-gray monochrome images projected onto wall-sized screens, the installation is accompanied by ‘multiple audio tracks’ of ambient sounds—a distant train whistle and a coyote howl, thunder and wind, insects buzzing and a horse quietly snorting nearby—giving away the studio’s rustic setting. The viewer waits for something to occur but is greeted instead by hours and hours of motionless debris of creativity: cast heads and taxidermied forms for example, among a haphazard collection of chairs. But that’s entirely the point. Eventually Nauman’s cat patters in, then patters out. Meanwhile the field mice hurry across the floor. Nauman says he “used this traffic as a way of mapping the leftover parts and work areas of the last several years of other completed, unfinished, or discarded projects.”
On Sunday morning at 8, before breakfast, we joined the friars for 'les laudes' - a short service of chanted hymns and psalms. It was magical. The church is a vast and resonant concrete cavern. Perhaps 18m high, around 40m long and 10m wide. The four sheer walls connected by the strata lines where the concrete was poured layer after layer. Bright coloured light filters through horizontal slits - these slope upwards through the massive walls, so that the window itself is not visible, just the painted surface inside the opening that reflects the light. The chanting of the seven friars filled the space completely. We tried to imagine how it must have sounded when there were 70 or 80 of them. It is a space that I found slightly oppressive initially - the concrete is almost overwhelming, the geometry of the space, particularly the north end, is not entirely comfortable - but when the friars sing it all makes sense. The volume, the material and the voices just work together.
And who can forget the delights of shuffleboard? Two teams compete to push their collection of pucks to score a higher combined total. It's about the most competitive physical activity you can find on-board. Hmm... perhaps even I could get used to that.
We're definitely going back. Have you done any traveling lately? Or have any trips coming up? Is there anywhere you're dying to go but haven't yet?
The link gadget will close on March 6th at 11.59pm CST.
Even when I feel like no one can relate to me and my struggles... they do.
07 Let's Dance
These troubles and inconsistencies are difficult for secular, morally-minded, individualist, rationalist students like us, with incredible and historically unprecedented college debt loads, to make sense of. This rant is too wide ranging to ever find a conclusion except that the 4th is a day when I contemplate my country, my place in it and that brings up mixed feelings and bewilderment.
It's sad though that it will seemingly take the near total annihilation of life on Earth to stop civilization once, and hopefully, for all.
1 1/2 oz. Fuggles hops, 4.5% aa at 60 minutes
Tickets are $50 per person. The Silent Auction begins at 10:30 a.m. with the luncheon and program at 11:45 a.m. Honorary Chair is Wade Christenson, First Gentleman of the State of Oklahoma.
There is little in life that surpasses the sensation of encountering something---a human, an object, an idea--that instantaneously bestows a certainty that you are in the presence of your ideal, your superlative, the Great Inner "Yes!". Not inclined to suffer fools and being particular to a fault, I live to be seduced by whatever is excellent. In such fortunate moments, I gush, I rhapsodize.
Tourists heading to Central Europe will notice many expatriate workers, including British expats working there. It is important to be aware of certain precautions when you are touring any part of Central Europe.
So far, no response at all.
Since he spent most of his time baking and operating Sunrise Pastry shop, he hired a manager to run his new candy store. From what I understand, that worked pretty well the first year, until that manager quit. The manager who replaced her wasn't up to the task in the same way. The business soon became a burden, and he decided to shop it around quietly. Around this time, I just happened to wander out here to visit a friend in Worthington. She owned a bed and breakfast and got her pastries from Carl. She just also happened to sell real estate on the side. Carl had mentioned he had a candy store to sell. My friend mentioned it to me after I described my so far fruitless search for a suitable location to bring to life my ice cream shop dreams. Voila, the stars had lined up, my friend made a call, I stopped in to see the place the next day, and the rest, as they say, is history.
I’m also afraid of being alone (sometimes). I enjoy time to myself but sometimes I get really frightened knowing I’m the only one responsible for the health and well being of two other humans and four animals. I feel like I can barely get up and brush my teeth some days so I don’t know how, but it gets done. My kids are clean, well-fed, taken care of, and absolutely loved. But it’s hard to be alone and responsible for everything that goes on in the home. Never underestimate your partner, lesson learned.
Granted, this puts additional pressure on Oliver Breweries to find new/additional brewing resources of one kind or another, or else start cutting back on distribution to other outlets. Stay tuned......
Women are first mentioned in the Bible in Genesis 1:26-28:
Except to say that all is well - I'm tired, cold because we seem to be heading into another winter storm, though a relatively minor one...and I'm usually cold when I'm tired. I'm thankfully overworked - can't complain and have another meeting with a possible new client this week, so things are really good there.
How to Marry a Millionaire
::happy sigh::
I wish you the best in your job search and I hope you are expecting great things. If you are already determined to not to get the job, selling yourself to an employer is going to be very difficult. Consider getting a professional profile on www.LinkedIn.com. This will help you to network with those employers you are trying to reach. Godspeed!
In addition to music, Dan is an Ambassador for the Shriners of North America. He is a professional speaker who shares stories of fulfillment and achievement; A prime example of bravery and courage.
This is the dress so far. I think we will be making a crinoline to make it a bit more poufy. It is also a bit short on me, since I am taller than my sister.
itemized your Orphic scatter — veins,
In addition to the rustic looking buildings that give off the artsy vibe, Fernwood was home to a telephone pole painting event, in which residents and friends were able to share their artistry and creativity by decorating the telephone poles that lined the streets. I would estimate that there were about forty to fifty of these poles scattered throughout the neighbourhood, bringing life and colour to the sidewalks, but I could only choose a few of my favourites to share.
Hugo Weaving will play the villain Red Skull in THE FIRST AVENGER: CAPTAIN AMERICA.
I still cant believe I haven't been home in almost a year.
Oregon
A recent article in the Daily Mail points out that police officers in London are beginning to look more like soldiers than cops. In response to last week’s attempted suicide bombing, members of the police force turned out sporting firepower that would be more at home on battlefields in Iraq and Afghanistan than in the streets of suburban London. The Daily Mail reports:
So I have been on a mission to create projects that will actually be used.
The year 1869 was a watershed year in New York City corruption, with the Tweed's hand-selected cohorts fully in place at City Hall, all oversight committees abolished the previous year, and civic projects sprouting up throughout the city, ripe for graft and embezzlement.
Remember, These are not some crappy articles.
For my money, I’d like to delve into Tribes: Ascend, Rusty Hearts and Spiral Knights. I’ve played the latter two a bit along with a couple of matches on the former.
Here is Shirley looking at the new lamp that SH bought after he got tired of seeing me take the pretty lamp with the red lampshade and prop it up on the headboard so the light shone more directly on my book. Are my eyes getting even worse? Or is it the Damned Spirally Lightbulbs That Don't Shine Brightly Enough?
Well, no, maybe not. But for me the course was life-changing. I invested £140 and two and a half hours every Monday evening for ten weeks, then another £140 for the follow up course of another ten Mondays. I ended up with three agents wanting to represent me and a two book publishing deal.
On my way into work, I was listening to a podcast by Michael Hyatt. Those of you who know me know that I am an avid fan of Mike’s and am constantly sharing the leadership advice and common sense from his blog. Mike was speaking on 10 Practical Ways to Boost Your Energy. (Yes, I’m behind in my listening because this is podcast #2 and he’s already up to podcast #10!) Numbers one through five cover physical aspects such as sleep, diet and exercise. Six talks about feeding your brain through reading. (Is your brain starting to feel full about now? Ha!) Then we get to seven and eight. Seven and eight along with the verse for today was God saying “Here you go!” and handing me a pretty wrapped package tied with a bow. Seven is “keep a positive attitude” and eight is “watch your mouth”…BINGO! Mike even goes so far to say that, “Even in difficult circumstances, you can choose to have a good attitude.” And that what comes out of our mouth shapes the way we perceive reality and becomes our exact experience. Wow. Someone just snapped the band on my wrist!
If one excludes Barnsley, the only period when all five remaining branches were open simultaneously was from 1889-1890. Although this dates the trade label rather than the opalotype itself, it is likely that the latter was produced around that time. The following comments were made by fellow photo researcher David Simkin, who very kindly looked the image:
We decided to go up with all three girls and two candles. I explained to Abigail as we walked up that I would light our candle. Jonathan had Sarah and Lily and a candle he would light. Abigail gave me no problems, but as soon as Sarah saw the second candle lit she yelled "my candle, my candle!" So Jonathan did what any parent would do, he handed her the candle! I couldn't believe it! So I'm freaking out as we walk back to our seats. I managed to keep the girls still as they each held a candle, making sure to keep the flame far away from their hair or the seats in front of us. Then Sarah thought it would be fun to blow her candle out. Then she proceeded to light it back up using Abigail's flame. After this both girls would giggle and Sarah would blow the candle out and do it all over again. All this happened as the congregation sang SILENT night (and at this point it was voices only, no instruments). At this point I decided the best thing to do was blow Abigail's candle out so the disruption would stop.
Violent crime reduced massively; staff sickness levels reduced massively – to a point where the worst unit in the trust for sickness is nearly one of the best. Better continuity of care for patients with regular staffing; a safer environment for all staff and patients. How much work was this? Initially, the officer said it was about 50% of her role, sometimes more. But once trust and procedure was established, it was an occasional thing that took little time at all, just regular passing attention and frequent ground-floor liaison between the agencies’ staff.
Yet in all honesty I feel this album is a stepping stone for the Scotts. While it still holds the ideas and music Mosher stands for, it does not rival it´s successor in every department. Partly because the drums are programmed, and sound like it. Partly because in some tracks the guitars and keyboards are fighting each other, instead of adding value. This is a equalizing thing I think.
For though they may be parted, there is still a chance that they will see
Buy Nifty Fut below 5365 with placing targets of Rs. 5396-5415 and keeping a stoploss of Rs. 5347.
Pendragon: Phreak? Since when are you in the Riot squad.
7:00pm C goes to bed and sleeps until 6:30am (and naps for 4 hours a day... good sleeper, I know!) He is a very happy little guy and I love him to bits!
Been on you tube turns out I was not doing enough rows between cable stitches. Are you laughing at me?
I have a beef with Levenger. I don't write this post out of frustration, though. Not entirely, anyway. It's just that I've tried out quite a few Levenger papers, intending to review them all — and I will, eventually — but I thought it would be helpful for folks to see a summary of my experiences in one post. Think of it as a bunch of mini-reviews rolled up into a single post.
Community
Bahr, D. (2010). Nobody Ever Told Me (or My Mother That)! Everything from Bottles and Breathing to Healthy Speech Development. Arlington, TX: Sensory World.
Thank you very much. I enjoyed thoroughly not being nibbled or becoming more of a mouthful for what was lurking underneath. And returning, un-nibbled, to Key West at the end of the day, all parts intact!
SHAH ALAM: The Sultan of Selangor has voiced his unhappiness at the actions of the Hindu Rights Action Force (Hindraf), which he said has incited hatred and damaged the country’s image by taking its campaign overseas.
a fine one, and worth the time of any “Brucknerian.” It
To Nietzsche, women are incapable of separating the search for objective truth, from their own subjective interests. Thus, in women’s hands, truth reduces to nothing more than a whimsical dictum, to be discarded with if found inconvenient; making truth antithetical to femininity:
Cinnamon Sugar
Why are people worried about WMDs? Because they can destroy lives? Because they can cause serious damage to a country? You dont need a massive missile to do damage to a country. We have our own WMDs in Bahrain and they can do a lot more damage than a missile. You dont need a massive destructive force you get from a missile to destroy bahrain. We have 3 WMDs in Bahrain. So what are they exactly?
that by God’s design, love, procreation, marriage and family
*I hope Yundi Li and Deutsche Grammophon will forgive me for posting this, since I am enthusiastically promoting them by doing so.
First time all four NPS finalist teams were from west of the Mississippi River (Hollywood's Da Poetry Lounge, Denver, Dallas and Berkeley). One of the worst organized NPSes due to the location of venues relative to each other and the venues in question.
Mercury is actually a neurotoxin, which is harmful to both animals and humans. Exposure to even small amounts of mercury over a long period may cause negative health effects including damage to the brain, kidney, lungs and a developing baby. Sprout® watches use only Mercury Free batteries.
Admittedly, her reference points are American, as you would expect, but I have some thoughts - indeed experience - to share on this. For a start, that word "dystopian", which Ms Cox Gurdon doesn't actually use but which is lurking behind her article. It was coined by those who mistakenly believed it was the opposite of "utopian." They thought that Thomas More's "Utopia" was a mistransliteration of the Greek for "good place", with the prefix "eu" (as in "euphony" or "euphemism"), whereas the first letter actually represented "ou" or "not."
drinks from the period. However, I take issue with their listing vodka as the primary ingredient in the Martini. Do have vodka as an option but do be prepared to make a classic Martini. Also, make sure to have a healthy supply of monkeys) and a top notch looking bar.
The invention provides for stabilization of the end of the pin projecting from the fractured bone fragment without compromising the securing of the fractured bone segment to the stable bone segment without compression at the fracture. This is achieved by utilization of the pin plate 1 which has holes at one end portion for being fixed to stable bone while the opposite end has holes for engaging the protruding end of the pin, so as to prevent displacement of the protruding end of the pin in the plane of the pin plate and wherein the hole provides means for allowing the pin to slide axially in the hole in the pin plate but preventing compression across the fracture.
But I did. I would have a load of laundry to switch out, kids arguments to settle, dinner to start (if you are a busy mom you know how it goes)......but I went straight back to the picture organization project as soon as I was finished.
Doesn't this image make you smile? I decided while running errands with Katers today that we needed cake. Not just any cake mind you, a DQ ice cream cake. YUm oh YUM!
I've also joined a literary salon, about which my lips are sealed, but I have goggled at the amount of talent around the dinner table, combined with the warmth and friendliness of the other writers.
BBC REPORTER 2: Very, very, very interesting.
*Built-in mirror
Well the weekend went on as normal… Cartoons… Playing … Saturday at Life Church…. Playing… bed time around 11PM … Sunday at Frontline… Home to get ready for White Water… Things don’t always go the way you expect, do they? As we were getting ready Micah and Silas came in from the back yard looking pale as a ghost and ran into mommy. Then I hear Shanna say, “Chewy is dead!" What!!!! I thought!!! “I knew this was going to happen!" she said. My heart sank. Surely he is not dead! I went into the back yard and saw him hanging there. “I knew this was going to happen!” she said. “Be quiet Shanna,” I said. “What can I do?” I thought!! “There must be something I can do!” Silas was in bed sobbing… Micah was standing behind me barley crying with a shocked look on his face… Asher seemed totally normal and was saying, “He’s not dead I saw him moving.” “THERE WAS NOTHING I COULD DO.” He was dead right in front of me. I had put him on a tie out the day before because he had dug out and escaped. I was only going to keep him on it until I got some bricks and dirt to fill the hole so he could not get out again. 'NOW HE IS DEAD.' He had tied himself up and fought so hard that he had cut his own throat. 'HE WAS THE BEST DOG I EVER HAD NOW MY CHILDREN WILL NEVER SEE HIM AGAIN IN THIS LIFE.' Me and Shanna decided we needed to go to White Water so the children could get their mind off of it. Within a few minutes my dad was on his way to get Chewy to bury him. As I was getting into the van the Lord showed me what a mistake I was making so I told the boys, “Come with me so we can say goodbye.” We walked into the back yard and walked up to his lifeless body and I prayed, “God thank you for Chewy." Then the boys prayed. Everyone was in tears except Asher. Asher was bouncing on the trampoline still in denial. Then we all spoke to Chewy and told him how much we loved him.
So, he knighted me and arranged for our wedding to take place after a big tournament the king was throwing in Pangalia. We met King Alderic, who had me swear fealty, and that was it -- I was a noble. Lord Tathis gave me a tiny province on his southern border with Laithtaris and Vimar Keep.
600g cream cheese
I put this doodle together and sent it to John. He wrote, "I think you are perhaps the most gifted cartoonist I have ever known! Wow! Excellent! Thank you!" Now, I think John was a bit over the top there—just a bit, but I really appreciate the remark and just had to share it with you.
I forgot to mention, I only made it to Dillons and Target yesterday. There were sooo many people out for the holiday I couldn't fathom going to Walmart.
"Grief and tragedy and hatred are only for a time. Goodness, remembrance, and love have no end. And the Lord of life holds all who die, and all who mourn."
Paul had a rapport with the Gentiles and for very good reason. God had made him the apostle of the Gentiles for in Romans 11:13 he wrote, “For I speak to you Gentiles inasmuch as I am the apostle of the Gentiles, I magnify mine office.” God had preserved him from the hatred of the Jews so that he might finish his course, his apostolic ministry inRome.
have explored. Crafting has not only been a creative outlet but
“You’d be perfect, if you just put out.”
Good night!!!
I’m reading The Earth Hums in B Flat by Mari Strachan, which is set in a small Welsh town in the 1950s. It has a very quirky and endearing child narrator and although I’m not usually a fan of child narrators (only because I feel I have read so many books with that apprcoach) this one is lovely.
In your inaugural address, you talked about the Canadian and British models of government arts support bodies in relation to the development of the Australia Council. In the last Fringe Network Newsletter there is an article by Michael Volkerling, the head of the Queen Elizabeth II Arts Council of New Zealand, where he discusses the importance of regional groups to the overall decision making process of the New Zealand Council. Do you think that the Australia Council could learn from the New Zealand experience in helping to overcome claims of “state bias”?
Brook*
I have found that utilizing olive oil lice treatment medication can be a safe, efficient and inexpensive option to clear away lice and nits. A dermatologist again, can aid you find a product that is both gentle and efficacious for lice. Numerous people think it works since when you clean the mess in the hair behind the cleaning process as well takes out the lice and their eggs. Wash bed liner in warm water and soap.
Lastly, I scored a pair of Seychelles sandals that I have been eyeing for a while. They were orig $80 but I got them for $52.90! I love the color block combo with the nude and hot pink on the back heel.
I'm thinking about re-instating "Photography Fridays" on the blog, which I haven't done in awhile, but in the past has included the 12 Weeks to Better Photography course. That particular course isn't available any more, but I think there are others we could do, or that I could come up with something. I'm just jonesing for more photography and need an excuse! What I'd like to know is if you're interested in participating, what sort of tutorials would YOU like to see--very basic, beginner, more advanced, etc?
These are some of the musical highlights we've been listening to lately.
After reading my response, my friend revealed his theory, which I hope he will write about himself (a guest post would be nice, or I'll do a link). It was that he might choose better among unknown partners, and thereby improve his evening, by paying a bit more attention to what women were wearing. We choose what we wear on purpose, so maybe we say something about why were are there and what sort of dance we want to have. (So do at least some of the men, of course, as a commenter said on "different dresses".) He knows that he finds me easy to dance with, and so he thought he might look, with an artist's eye, for other women sending the same messages.
These are all formulas that we need to memorize. We will also need to know how to do surface areas, but we don’t need to memorize them, so it will simply be plugging the correct numbers into the equation that will be written on the board for us.
Aside from the fact that it's just crappy writing in general, I am appalled by the errors I would expect from my former sophomore writing students.
The same is true with Islam and Judaism the other two middle eastern religions that took over Rome and Greece. Though Islam believes on most similar lines with Christianity, Judaism believes that just by taking birth as Jew Heaven is guaranteed so no fear of any consequence of any action at any given point of time in life.
After most of arrogant fools walked out with their 8x10 paper signs that they had "snuck" in, only then did the campus police decided to have some rules; a rule they wouldn't bend: No one outside who really wanted to hear the speakers would be permitted in.
I think I saw something in this movie that most reviewers did not, and I think that caused me to have an even more favorable impression of this film than they did.
And a bit of fashion illustration. This …absence of color or leaving out a detail (such as an eye) just kills me! I love it so! Sadly, anytime I try to replicate it it just looks like rubbish. And look! A cat person. It’s perfection.
Here's my take on the photo!
It didn’t really bother me. I was no less safe alone with him in his apartment than I would be alone with him in an office.
Consumed by pain.
Five-cylinder is expected to power 75 percent of the lineup and used in the Passat 2.5L 2012 model. It has 170 horsepower and 177 pound-feet of torque (torque thinking as the force behind the acceleration, horsepower of energy that sustains the momentum).This is the same engine used in the compact class VW Jetta and Passat 2.5L sedan model is equivalent to performing the basic four-cylinder midsize car versions of most rivals.
Only a few hours later, a formation of five Xian JH-7 fighter bombers skimmed the tops of the trees before delivering their payload. The explosions rocked the swamp and diminished the camp into nothing more than ashes and a massive hole in the ground. River water quickly drained in and filled the hole erasing even the ash-laden evidence of the former camp. The swamp, as it had for centuries, took hardly any notice of man’s attempts to destroy it as well as his fellow-man.
This week I was afflicted by an ailment I hope every blogger will get to experience at some point. It all began on Thursday¹ morning when I logged into WordPress and saw something very familiar on the homepage. I blinked to make sure I wasn’t imagining it, I read the title three times just to be sure, and then my eyes bugged out of my head. Oh. my. goodness. I pointed at the screen and shouted, “Hey, that’s my blog on Freshly Pressed!” That’s when I knew I had Freshly Pressed Shock Syndrome or FPSS.
The texture in a drawing is aided by the choice of paper or canvas. All papers have a textured surface due to the fibres or the mold used in making the paper.
I walked early today down the usual road:
All in good fun, no harm meant & no money spent.
The divine oneness of life is within and all around us. Sometimes walking alone in nature we can feel its heartbeat and its wonder, and our steps become steps of remembrance. The simple practice of “walking in a sacred manner,” in which with every step we take we feel the connection with the sacred earth, is one way to reconnect with the living spirit of the earth.
And when naive clients tell me they want to do some of that "social media stuff, you know like Twitter and Facebook" -- for which they will assign responsibility to the lowest ranking person in their organization -- I have to leave the room.
Hello possums,
2.) Four young children are running up and down the hallway at 3:30am screaming "Fuck you!" at the top of their lungs.
No wonder people give up on their diets! Lettuce is BLAND! You can’t even have the dressing! Plain lettuce and veggies… with a water! THANK GOD FOR MIO!
Each pair was given one picture with the associated questions and instructed not to show it to anyone else. They had to work together to answer the questions in as much detail as possible. I helped them with vocabulary where necessary.
Mark Trueblood
When Europe’s finance ministers meet for a group photo, it’s easy to spot the rebel — Anders Borg (pictured above) has a ponytail and earring. What actually marks him out, though, is how he responded to the crash. While most countries in Europe borrowed massively, Borg did not. Since becoming Sweden’s finance minister, his mission has been to pare back government. His ‘stimulus’ was a permanent tax cut. To critics, this was fiscal lunacy. Borg, on the other hand, thought lunacy meant repeating the economics of the 1970s and expecting a different result. Three years on, it’s pretty clear who was right. “Look at Spain, Portugal or the UK, whose governments were arguing for large temporary stimulus,” he says. “Well, we can see that very little of the stimulus went to the economy. But they are stuck with the debt.” Tax-cutting Sweden, by contrast, had the fastest growth in Europe last year, when it also celebrated the abolition of its deficit. The recovery started just in time for the 2010 Swedish election, in which the Conservatives were re-elected for the first time in history.
COST: $5 suggested donation benefiting SafePlace
Entry #53
Do these sheriffs mean to tell me that less that 1/64" of fabric that would be between my holstered gun and the glory of the outside world is all the makes me safe when I'm carrying?
My boyfriend is super charming and full of charisma, but he is an annoying one upper. He craves attention so bad that he purposely steals the spotlight from me by one upping everything that I do. If I brag to a friend about a compliment that I received at work, he tells them that his boss hand-carved a plague of excellence for him. I don’t know how to get my boyfriend to chill out and quit being over dramatic. What can I do to get him to quit trying to better than everybody? Especially me!
Mr and Mrs Ian Taylor: Ian is President and chief exec of the world’s largest oil trader Vitol. Donations: £555,100
Screams have been heard from the condemned souls from earth's deepest hole. Terrified scientists are afraid they have let loose the evil powers of hell up to the earth's surface.
I can’t explain the feeling with words, but I’ve tried my best (‘;
Here I go,
Beware of “the cares of this world . . .” (Mark 4:19). They are the very things that produce the wrong attitudes in our soul. It is incredible what enormous power there is in simple things to distract our attention away from God. Refuse to be swamped by “the cares of this world.” Another thing that distracts us is our passion for vindication. St. Augustine prayed, “O Lord, deliver me from this lust of always vindicating myself.” Such a need for constant vindication destroys our soul’s faith in God. Don’t say, “I must explain myself,” or, “I must get people to understand.” Our Lord never explained anything— He left the misunderstandings or misconceptions of others to correct themselves.
Islamic and Arabic Racism
until the bad things happen
By 10 o’clock that night I could barely stand with all the muscle aches, head ache, nausea, and fever. My breath was coming out in spurts. I was burning up but freezing. BFE finally talked me into going to an urgent care facility. Naturally, by the time I said ok, they were all closed early because it was Sunday (does this make sense to ANYONE??? People still get sick on Sundays. So confused.). We stopped at a Walgreens so he could buy a thermometer and really check how high my temperature was.Turned out I was at a blazing 104 degrees. So straight to the Celebration Hospital ER we went.
4; conclusion
Yet seldomly are you ever visited in this hectic life and how easily things become erased…….
People still hurled their insults at him. People still mocked him. I can’t help but wonder if I would have been one of those people if I there.
with a Mother's Day planting activity from 1-3 PM
Mickey Rourke, The Wrestler
This song was the b-side of the "Valley Girl" single. First of all, imagine all the kids who bought the 45 and, just out of curiosity, gave this one a spin. Second, it's a fitting flip-side, representing a girl on the opposite end of the economic spectrum as the Valley Girl. While the airhead from Encino is a homophobic, shallow little wench, the portrait of the Teen-Age Prostitute is a sad one: a girl who ran away from an apathetic father to help her penniless mother, now living with an abusive pimp who keeps her loaded on drugs as she walks the streets at night. It isn't a fun read.
ABC’s vice-chairman, Karthigesu Palanisamy, said on Wednesday that the Star’s figures had not been disputed as such, only that the Star had been asked by the ABC audit committee to explain the sudden rise this year, and that such sudden spurts are routinely given extra scrutiny by the audit committee
I know that it was on that woody hill
Completing the all-encompassing morning, Jane Pritchard delivered an engaging and informative lecture. Her fluid and authoritative delivery recalled the inherent grace of a dancer, as she drew participants to look beyond English National Ballet’s current production to the rich history that served as its inspiration.
please, please, please, don't let this be happening............
7 Die Bunge 3:45
This is perhaps the key point that authors should be aware of. The author still has to provide his or her own cover image, with stock images coming at an addition cost. For a book intended as ‘a book for family and friends’ and without distribution, this does not seem good value, though, it could be argued that an author might be happy with supplying their own images. Still, it seems to stretch what the interpretation of ‘a custom designed cover’ actually is. To other author solution service companies—this would mean an in-house designed cover with the author not being required to supply images.
that great Athene could've thrown with ease.
2. How old are you?
The entry garden actually looks good compared to how it looked when I first went out that morning. There are new Hellebores planted along with a small Sarcococca. Heucheras along the edge will soon be joined by Grape Hyacinths and whatever other bulbs I've forgotten about that are in there.
Alvarez echoed Wyden’s letters to the Japanese ambassador and U.S. officials.
Two of my kids take their lunch to school every day and EVERY morning I make them. Well now that does not make much sense does it? I make all our dinners at once, why am I making 2 lunches every morning???
The primary goal of the rezoning was the increase office space, but instead it mostly created office space, displacing small entrepreneurs.
And with that, Day 004 was finished.
The last Movie Monday answer was
So far there has been a significant reduction in imported oil, but it is due to a weak economy and high unemployment rather than to any improvement in vehicle fuel economy. Reduction in greenhouse gases is unrelated to wind power or to light replacement, but due to the recession and the increase in natural gas from shale deposits.
The Carlton Avenue bridge closed January 23 and is supposed to take two years to reconstruct. The Sixth Avenue bridge is supposed to take a year. They can't be closed simultaneously.
The group was founded in Scotland in the mid 1960′s. At that time, the band was known as “The Saxons“. Seeking a less Scottish sounding name, they allegedly got their new name by throwing a dart at a map of The United States. Supposedly, the dart landed in Arkansas, and not wanting to be known as “The Arkansas Rollers”, the band threw a second dart, with that one landing on the town of “Bay City, Michigan“.
Profession: Human Behavior & Communications Consultant
Watering Can - G20, 40
When I think back to the years of myself as a teeny tiny person, I never thought of my family as being out of the ordinary by any means. We moved to the US when I was three from Taiwan and lived briefly in a quaint ocean side town in the NE. We spoke Chinese, ate rice with almost every meal, used chopsticks, stayed close. When the local paper printed a picture of me during the annual town Easter egg hunt, it never occurred to me that it may have had to do with me looking different from all the other kids who were participating.
Smooth as raven’s claws
If using ripe bananas, peel and cut banana into small slices and lay on a parchment paper lined baking sheet. Freeze for about 30 minutes then coarsely chop the slices. Combine chopped and frozen banana pieces with nutella in a food processor and blend until combined. Transfer mixture to a container and freeze for a few hours until hard like ice cream!
Mix the Mascarpone into the vanilla bean yogurt, crumble one meringue cookie into the yogurt as well. Spoon half of the strawberries in a glass, top with yogurt , more strawberries and so on. Crumble the last cookie on top. Soooo good!
83) If you were a booger I’d pick you first.
Regardless of the size, of course.
Ere at Raven fared he;
when I'm not working on my SAL.
i want to write him the sweetest song
He has been accused of everything from talking out of his backside to destroying Shankleys Socialist legacy. Once the faux outrage has died down (and Martin Samuel of the Daily Mail has chipped in with his opinion. He is the absolute king of faux outrage) it’s a subject worth looking at in the cold light of day.
Here are some of my questions for the hospital after reading this book:
The dessert, Pineapple Dry Ice Cream and Cream Cheese Parfait with Chocolate Tabasco. Chef Edwin did let me taste the Chocolate Tabasco, seriously it is not a joke that Chocolate Tabasco is kind of spicy too! Pineapple Dry Ice Cream was awesome because: while the Ice Cream stay inside your mouth, will have a effect like "bzzzzzzzzt". (due to Dry Ice Effect and instant frost the Ice Cream while making it)
When last heard from, Bob had disappeared in the desert on his way to the Adelaide Fringe. He was stuck in Coober Pedy, the opal mining centre of the world, accompanied by Australian comic Jimbo and by Jimbo’s amiable animal mate Gary the Goat. They had encountered a Czech opal miner who might or might not have a daughter he is trying to marry off.
7 factory
Our first recipe is an egg custard baked in a hollowed egg shell topped with pancetta crisp. This was served as an amuse bouche as guests were seated. It's a wonderful treat, looks so pretty on the table...and you can do it well in advance and keep in the fridge. if you're interested in learning how to cut off the top of an egg- check out these nifty cutters and this one for soft boiled eggs. enjoy !
I'm not a big Christmas knickknack collector, but I ALWAYS love a wreath and these are easy and free! I started out making these for some lanterns I have outside and ended up putting them on the kitchen cabinets.
for them, there on the beach.
View Map · Get Directions
Bottoms: Black slimfit trousers from ZARA Basic
I wasn't able to take as many photos as I would have liked because it was too dangerous to be running around with a camera in public during the war for anyone - imagine if an American was caught taking pictures. It would have made me an instant target and probably would have been the end of me and/or my husband.
Wild winds? Check.
It is a beautiful morning here in Bellevue, Nebraska. I saw a woodpecker climbing on an oak tree outside my kitchen window this morning. The clouds are covering every inch of space that tree limbs can’t cover. Jazz music is playing through the speakers around my desk. Kat Edmonson’s voice sweetly serenades me into a state that is somewhat between being catatonic and overly vivacious. My father’s house smells somewhat of garlic, butter, and a touch of musk–all of which make for the most pleasant odor a teenager could ever want to smell like. The people in this house have hardly made a noise this morning, except for the occasional floor board creek, paw scratch, or back door opening and someone lighting a cigarette.
Henceforth they have become known as the “gold-plated pickles”, which I treat myself to once a month or so and which LC craves from afar, since she can’t get them in Boston. Despite my continued willingness to shell out for these, however, I have wondered periodically if I couldn’t produce something comparable at home. After all, what are pickles? They’re cucumbers, in brine, with flavoring.
About 20 minutes after I'd gotten everything installed and set up, I picked up my phone to do something, and went to unlock it and it didn't recognize my security code. You know, the one I've been using since I got my phone in January? The one I'd JUST RE-PROGRAMMED into my phone when I set up the whole iCloud b.s.? So I tried it again. And again. Locked the fuck out.
Brian Guy
 White Bines, including Fuggles and ten types of Goldings. The Mathon Golding is the same plant that had also been known as Farnham White Bines and Cantebury White Bines. These plants will have some differences as the soil they are grown in will alter the character of the hops and epigenetic effects can lead to differences in disease resistance even in genetically identical plants.
PHILIPP P, HARVEY K, FLETCHER G, HUGHES A, JOLLY K. Sickness absence from work and influenza immunization. J Soc Occup Med 1987; 37: 128-129.
We went out to a Mongolian grill place last night with Zach's family and YUM. I'm still full. You can pile like 5 bowls full of all the goodness you want, and then they grill it all up for you with their special sauces, and you leave incredibly fat and happy. I'm pretty sure it's heaven.
Maybe I won’t live that long
o Social workers
This morning the pastor, directed to the congregation, asked a question. “When you see a cross with flames coming from it, what do you think of?” Of course he was speaking of the Methodist church emblem…
Your fingertips become constellations
and, so, here goes . . .
During the nineteenth and twentieth centuries the Society became involved in other spheres of activity. Chief amongst these was an active contribution to the University Extension scheme and the establishment of a thriving lecture programme that continues to this day. Over the years it has attracted many eminent speakers; a scan through the list reveals names such as Oscar Wilde, Edith Sitwell, F.R. Leavis, Mary Kingsley, Dorothy Sayers and John Betjeman.
As the years passed, Dawn became increasingly unhappy. ‘I gravitated towards a white teacher at school because she reminded me of my old mum,’ she recalls.
Here in New York, we hated watching real estate and financial services elitists drive up the prices of everything from affordable apartments to martinis in midtown with the reckless speculation that would eventually lead to mass layoffs, rampant joblessness and the wreckage of so many retirement dreams. No one ever asked the rest of us if we minded, it just happened. I’m sure people across the country can tell similar stories.
It became a priority to fix since its a space the people can see when they come over so I started looking at as another small room.
3: The Malcontent:(Name something you're unhappy with).
RULE NUMBER TWO: you work, you pay, you go to war and you shut the f*ck up. Or else.
(WNYC reported that The Nets are guaranteeing that the arena will open in the fall of 2010. I couldn't find any guarantee on the project web site.)
Here is the inspiration photo
“…someone willing to share the experience of their years.”
'So I see,' she said. She seemed to be drinking whisky, neat.
The debt ceiling fight is important. Conservatives along with the Tea Party have won this battle but lets not try to use it to win the war because there is a likelihood that we will crash and burn. Win enough battles and ultimately you win the war for generations to come.
Hopefully everyone will understand. I don’t want to hurt anyone’s feelings or miss some exciting news. I enjoy supporting my blogger buddies and sharing in your joys and accomplishments. So I hope the Ninja Army doesn’t desert me.
Have any great plans for the weekend? We're going to our church Halloween "Trunk-or-Treat" party tonight. My son finally gets to put on his costume. I wouldn't let him unload all the accessories for his pirate costume because I didn't want him to lose them under the couch or in the toy box. Meanest mom on the planet, right? Well, at least my friends don't think I'm mean. Here's another little treat I've made for them.
In her vegan cookbook, Coscarelli creates simple and straightforward breakfast, lunch and dinner fare like Morrocan Bastilla, but also decadent desserts such as Cinnamon Espresso Chocolate Chip cookies, or Chocolate Molten Lava Cakes- a classic dessert I’ve always made traditionally non-vegan.”My motivation behind Chloe’s Kitchen is to show people that vegan food can actually be extremely flavorful, exciting, and easy to prepare. I hope that Chloe’s Kitchen will prove to the mainstream that vegan cooking is fun and accessible and convince people to try it in their homes on a regular basis,” says Coscarelli. I look forward to sharing with you Chloe’s recipes soon!
We took off from Lux at 0558Z, which I think is either 7am or 8am. local. Three hours, nineteen minutes later we landed at Keflavik, Iceland 20 minutes after we took off, local time. Quick hour on the ground and 3:16 to Goose Bay, Canada. At which point we find out that whoever was supposed to arrange Customs at Green Bay and forgot to make the phone call and we weren't gonna be able to fly into the US. We make some frantic phone calls and on a SUNDAY, customs get someone to Bangor, ME for us with literally zero notice.
Which reminds me, we need to talk about heels vs flats and dudes. I know my fella likes me in tennis shoes best and I’ve heard numerous men inPortland men bemoan women in heels as “high maintenance” or “trying too hard to look sexy” and I dunno, it’s just an interesting phenomenon.
He is survived by his brothers, Douglas, Donald and Alex.
Special Kit 1 (Toad) Beat 3 minigames
Also...if you play along with this month's BAP, please make sure to e-mail your project to Sharon at Prima by 5/31/12 for a chance to win some beautiful Prima pretties. :) Details and contact info are on the blog!
But as the jets near the UFO all of the other jets in the squadron find their engines mysteriously disabled. They have no choice but to break off. Yet Maki’s jet remains unaffected. He alone continues on course. As he nears the object, Maki can just barely make out its form, a ball of glowing red plasma streaking through the upper atmosphere at phenomenal speed. A moment after he sees the object, Maki blacks out.
These days though, we’re taught to expect the best, and the art of compromise has, by many people, been forgotten. “We’re worth it!” the ads tell us, and, “Don’t accept anything less than perfect.”
Here is a photo of the birthday boy rocking Destiny's Child at the first ever Warhammer Royalty Karaoke Night in Canberra earlier this year.
If you are in the Central Connecticut area and missed this particular concert, Berimbrown will also be performing at the following locations:
Through two hours and four rolls of paper towels, you stood by me as we soaked up that paint until the sun went down, literally. Together, we cleaned my car until no one could ever tell a trace of paint had fallen on that gray fabric. Oxy, I truly believe that if we can get through this, we can get through anything. Thank you for standing strong with me and still working though you've sat in that shed for so very long. Thank you for not poisoning me with toxic fumes, but most of all, Oxy, thank you for saving my marriage. Because had you not worked, I'm fairly certain Paul would have left me.
"Excuse me?! Do you not :cough: realize :hack: that I'm sick here?" I mean, it doesn't take a genius to realize that:
Collective and individual private ownership shall be protected in accordance with the following basis:
TRIVIAL PURSUIT: Bar Aba is actually a stage comedian; this is his first film in 20 years.
Oddly enough, there are two movies I've been dying to see so we popped one in when we got home. Not to be too theme oriented here but the movies were Food Inc and Julie and Julia. Just writing this, I'm thinking that I need an intervention. I still haven't finished Food Inc but what I did see was crazy convicting. More to come on that later.
They still do not realise that with social networks and sharing sites such as Facebook, Twitter and Youtube, people can get immediate information of what is happening. Most of the Bersih participants were organised and informed via these sites. News portals such as malaysiakini and citizen journalists such as Anil Netto were giving live blow-by-blow reports of the event.
–Everybody would be hopping about like those brave Apollo astronauts romping on the moon’s surface back in the 1970s, lending an air of childlike joy to everyday life
The second article I want to share is from Lynn Gaertner-Johnston’s Business Writing blog: “Correcting with kindness.” In that piece, Lynn shares a snark-free note she received from a reader regarding a proofreading error in one of her blog posts. If you’re a blogger, you probably know how rare it is to receive a comment or email about a proofreading mistake that doesn’t have a bit of a bite to it.
Wednesday – 2nd May. ST ATHANASIUS
I'm hopeful - no matter how bad Romney may look, that people will check the gas station before voting and remember it's Obama's watch.
'Whether it's Scottish lochs or Enlightenment philosophers, the facts of the devolution referendums or the mysteries of Irn-Bru, myths will be debunked and truths revealed in this light-hearted but rigorous overview of Scottish history and culture.'
Building Length 135’
and the note from henry the elf saying he made it especially for her.
1) Mick Kennedy. He was simply evil on the pitch. I felt ashamed that he ever donned our colours.
But WEDO claims success is being achieved with more blah blah blah.
immediately implies you feel the
You are the equipment – keep it simple. God’s plan is you and me. If it is not working just move on – the message of hope can bring a radical difference, let the message do its work.
January Prediction: 12-5
Of all the annoying things about a breakup, the worst is the knowledge that you're better off without someone - yet they still hang around your mind and tell you otherwise.
You can see a gorgeous green gem that I tucked in on top of the silk velvet patch just below that is a cretan stitch seam treatment in another of the challenge packet's threads which is a gold silk thread! Over the top is part of a bellflower vine motif!
News about the 1,000 missing Chinese missiles and a fourth Israeli German made dolphin sub, this one carrying an antiquated hydrogen bomb, interfered with by Semjase and her command ship lifting the subs out of water (as well as the Chinese subs that were to attack the west coast of the USA three weeks ago) is indeed going on. As I have said many times, our friendly neighborhood tree-hugging hippy aliens will indeed intervene when nukes come into play, because the repercussions are felt throughout the galaxy and inner earth and in 5-11D.,
Send him to the Stasi to train him to extract information by force from
An AP reporter, apparently looking for an angle, quoted Bruce Ratner as saying the arena "was made for hockey and basketball... It could easily support a hockey team."
The first set of lights burned out so
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees.
I know what you're thinking, FatCat should have a lock on this title. I did finish a close second (not really) in the Beer Drinker of the Year sponsored by Wynkoop Brewing Company. It was a close battle but in the end J. Wilson edged out a win. The win was based largely on a gimmick in which Wilson fasted for 46 days on just water and dopplebock during lent. I mean that's what FatCat calls summer break, I don't see how that is an accomplishment. Wilson is a fellow beer blogger at brewvana.net, a homebrewer, and a beer judge. He has also published a book about his fasting experience, Diary of a part-time Monk. The other two finalists were Warren Manteiro and Greg Nowatzki. For the prize Wilson wins free beer for life at the Wynkoop Brewing Company, $250 worth of beer at El Bait Shop in Des Moines, Iowa, and appropriate clothing identifying him as the 2012 Beerdrinker of the Year.
One more thing I realized was that in iaido (and kendo) and karate is that you never want to be flat footed. I suspect this is true of every martial art. You want to push your intent forward and don't give ground unless you want them to have it.
Mid-spec SE cars add cruise control, keyless start and chrome touches to the car’s exterior, while range-topping SE Lux variants get a leather interior, 17-inch alloys, and LED daytime running lights.
(and styles - why do so many of us wear boyshorts?)
I promise never to qualify my behaviour by saying that I am doing something ‘ironically’. It is the most obnoxious, condescending and douchey thing you can say – especially when you’re talking about someone elses’ art. Don’t like something? Just say it wasn’t for you, or that it got on your nerves, then move on.
My family didn’t have the money that the other families at that school had, so my clothes were never as nice as the other kids clothes, which I’ve already told you about. I didn’t get to go on ski outings and stuff like that that the other kids did. Or go to the movies, unless friends took me.
But then, it was a miracle. He was able to eat. He was able to sleep. We were able to sleep. He had always been small and frequently ill, and suddenly he was gaining weight and height, the picture of health. So, word to the wise, LISTEN TO GRANDPARENTS and TALK TO YOUR DOCTOR if sleep is an issue.
It was a stunning sight.
You are forever part of my life,
The peaceful assembly turned violent at about 3pm when some protesters breached the barricade which cordoned off Dataran Merdeka.
4. I input the charitable information, the W2 information, my mutual fund information, and my self-employment income. SH says, "Don't do anything with that stock I sold this year." (We decided that with SH taking a sabbatical last year, it would be a good time to sell some stock to keep our income up.)
And the world’s worst joker stops having his fun
1951- The Two Mouseketeers
A grotto was hewn from the base of the 110-foot basalt cliff where an altar was constructed, above which was placed the full-sized replica of Michelangelo’s Pieta. This became the sanctuary for an outdoor church where Sunday Mass has been celebrated during the summer months ever since.
Thought I'd do a non-crafty post today and just talk about the latest happs.
The Arab American Institute, a decades-old community organization in the Detroit area, discouraged Muslims and their supporters from protesting at the site of Geller's conference. But they organized a competing event, said AAI president Jim Zogby, because Geller and Spencer have become too prominent to ignore.
The risotto tastes a little sweet because of the squash, the red chilly adds some nice heat while the garlic adds flavour. You will find the sage to be a welcome surprise. The saying goes that sage and butternut squash are a match made in heaven. The pair did not disappoint this time round!
“Coborn Plaza Apartments is operated as university housing,” Pedersen said. “All university, residential life and SCSU student code of conduct policies apply. We have five apartment community advisors, one graduate assistant hall director and one full time residence hall director who all live on site with our residents.”
For us all
@DaysWithDave: Beck, Hannity, Doocey, Cavuto, and O'Reilly embrace before singing It's a Long Way to Tipperary
Saturday was leisurely as well. A little "antique" store and fabric store perusing before we headed to the museum district. After a tour of the museums last year shortly after moving here, I've been holding off on revisiting so as to have a visitor-friendly destination just in case. We only managed to get to the Menil main building and the Cy Twombly annex (I'm not a fan) before rain sent us scurrying. We ate a nice Thai dinner and then returned to my place for whatever we're calling disco naps now. I guess we were all exhausted because the disco naps turned into sleeping all night.
Anyways, to celebrate the occasion (OK I know 25 is not a ton but giveaways are fun and I haven't done one in a while!) I'm going to be giving away one of my Chubby Cheeks Collection Headbands! Here is a sneak peak at some of the items that are about to be posted in my Etsy shop! (YES I AM FINALLY OPENING IT! haha haven't had time to do that either and I know I originally planned to open in in the fall last year!)
Baklava
This motto appears on the coat of arms: Virtuis Unita Fortior which means “United Strength is Stronger”. Blue represents France, red symbolizes Spain and yellow honors the Vatican.
But the real issue is not so much time as it is substance. Filmmakers must have a vision of what they wish to accomplish and the film ought to be evaluated on the quality and substance of that vision and how well it is achieved on screen.
In fact, to avoid the confusion between the two titles many states in the U.S., such as Texas, prohibit the translation of the English title “notary public” into Spanish.
Last year I had a bit of a health scare - won't tell you the mind-numbing details - suffice it to say that I had to lose weight or else. So I made myself exercise for half an hour everyday. Sometimes I thought, do more, lose more calories! So I did an extra 10 or 15 minutes. But doing the extra made me too exhausted to write, or cook my nutritious meals or do anything. And the last slice of cake in the fridge? It ended up in a place where cakes shouldn't reach. Extra time turned out to be fattening.
My body just needs what it needs.
Now after hearing the stories Kasey told, I was honestly expecting to just go and see the show in a good seat. Honestly. That was it.
If there is any type of “war” going on it’s the new anti-men movement. To the ladies waging this campaign against men, I’m begging you, please: drop your weapons. You are fighting a losing battle, and ultimately, you are harming yourself and the female gender. Regardless of your sexual orientation, you need men; you can’t live without men. Moreover, I believe a portion of your disdain for men stems from internal strife and discontent.
For those who have been without a partner and have deep longings for romantic companionship – someone to share life with and connect with on a soul to soul level, I am feeling your deep heart-yearnings and loneliness so strongly. Some of you are at a point of desperation or despair, or are isolating yourselves I feel. I am getting that if you are in such a predicament, take great care of yourself, put on some lipstick and jazz yourself up. I’m getting that keeping your faith is vital and will help carry you through. Slowly you will start to feel better and not so empty, lost or sad. They are showing flowers on the horizon. The angels will shower you with rainbow healing light for your love life, all you need to do is ask.
10/1/2011 – 11/30/2011: +27.34%
The years flew swiftly by, and we didn’t take the time to grasp them within…
This card is certainly not rocket science but it's right up my alley! I positioned the sentiment in the upper right of the card which is a little different from what I typically do. I also positioned it tightly within the stripes without any space above or below the letters. Compared to the first pink & white striped creation, this card speaks more to my preference for graphic and modern cards!
About society
What if…..?
"Mom, why is there traffic?"
British stuff
Midterm, Part I
so today is fathers day.....what a shitty day. Last night I did not sleep like at all 7 am rolled around and I was still awake. So I did have a small snooze and went to a family gathering. Of which my oldest daughter did not attend. She hates me. All those years of Jeff getting USP driving Ashton to school at 4 am, cleaning up her puke when she was sick, etc,etc. Jeff did all the things Ferd would not. Jeff stood up and took Ferd's place when Ferd couldn't me man enough. Only to have Ashton turn around and demand his insurance number, not even a happy fathers day. Then I call to say sorry for somethings I said a few weeks ago and I get blasted. Where is my daughter where is that wonderful caring girl I raised? When do I get her back. Instead of this person who is totally brain washed by someone who really most her life didn't give a rip. If he really had cared then he would not have spent her childhood taking her to car shows and hanging with dope heads. He would have done kid things. But alas none of that matters because I'm an F***ing B***** who does not deserve to have children.
Harm's Way by The Waco Brothers
By sending a British cuddly toy to the moon, this will require research into the sciences. We will develop new technologies that we can trade with overseas. Oversea countries will want to buy our new advances.
Jenna: Heart, skills and an awareness of where she’s needed, Jenna has it all.
Chris Petrella (REP) 0.79% 74
Life sucks right now, but things will get better and it will all settle down. I just keep remembering that there are lots of you out there in much worse situations and my heart goes out to all of you that suffer on a daily basis. It inspires me to hold my head up and just keep plugging forward.
I do not have to earn God’s Will, I AM God’s Will. I do not have to suffer through any process to gain favor for God’s Will. I AM the Living Will of God. I am the living testament that God is living NOW. I demonstrate through my creative mind all the good in my experience, as well as the bad. I have the POWER to do so through the Divine Will of God that lives within me.
Cast: John Phillip Law, Tom Baker, Caroline Munro, Douglas Wilmer Dir: Gordon Hessler C-105 mins, TV-PG
So Day 3 Done and I'm feeling good. I am consuming about 12 glasses of water a day to keep the hunger pains away. One suggestion if you consider doing a reboot, do not watch the Food Network or the Chew because I've been craving Burgers all day. *sigh*
But really, the magazine is aimed at people who can’t get online or who may not frequent the internet often, maybe that’s the magazines main target audience and if that’s the case, the six pounds is justified as is the demo disc of old demos. It isn’t offensive reading material either, but it isn’t anything which is going to be memorable, it is quirk free, no-nonsense official. And that’s what it is meant to be.
I guess I really ought to get myself in gear... the next project awaits me. Art for the dining room (final project) and then its off to work in the spare room or go do a little grocery shopping. And maybe make up a loaf or two of French bread and some chocolate chip cookies to warm up the house a bit.
We bestow our respect and honor their memory, flesh of our flesh, bone of our bone.
For example, the other day I was signing a sheet of sticky labels at top speed (the labels were to put in the books of kids who'd forgotten to bring in their money but still wanted to buy one, and the speed was because I was up to the wire in terms of catching the train home) and someone leaned over my shoulder and said in a slightly disappointed tone, "Oh. I can read your signature." And it's true. I'm legible. How boring.
We met on Sunday and we knew it was a good fit. Glen has a strong, witty spirit and a calm, assertive energy. He made us laugh, we all teared up, and that was that.
New Year was also spent with my sister and her daughter and children. We all saw the New Year in together, toasting with glasses of wine and juice. It was great fun to have the kids around as they are so entertaining, especially when up late as they get second wind.
2.Bring It On (produced By Trent)
Work has kept me very busy lately. Kathy put out a groupon and I had my beginning knitting class Tuesday and Thursday. I liked going back to the bare bones of knitting and it is exciting to see the "birth" of new knitters. The atmosphere is fun with new items in the loft and lots of hustle and bustle about the shop.
The Libre Original is a uniquely inspired tea gift - the Libre glass ’n poly Original has a health-conscious glass interior for fresh taste and a durable polycarbonate exterior for ‘on the go’ practicality. The stainless steel tea filter is surrounded by BPA free polypropylene as is the lid interior. Can be used 2 ways to brew and travel with loose leaf tea infuser - 'how to' video here. Easy to fit in packs, purses and car cup holders.
I look at Delhi’s landscape under the orange hue of fading winter sun and try to unravel the mystery and the present surge of my city.
Where fishmen lounge at noon: where the walls
I was full of good intentions, and the plan was to take loads of pictures throughout the show to capture our first radio show... As it was, we were so full on, I didn't take one! Here are 3 I took just after we went off air. Apologies for the rather shiny look... it is incredibly hot in that studio!
So finally the spring is here and it is the most glorious of days. I hope you are out and about enjoying the sun.
Imagine a table where people meet to negotiate. Ideas that are open for discussion are on the table..
Date Started: May 1, 2012. 1:00 AM. Book #23 of 2012.
Reviewed previously:
■It’s open to all demonstrators and customers who have access to My Digital Studio in the US, Puerto Rico, and Canada (excluding Quebec). Demonstrators and customers will be judged separately; ten finalists—five customers and five demonstrators—will be chosen by Stampin’ Up! judges, and the public will choose six winners--three customers and three demonstrators--via online voting.
Izzy cringed. So what if she stood only an inch taller than her little sister? She hated the word petite. It made her feel like a small dessert.
(6) Future tranches may not have the same characteristics as Tranche 1 and 2 in terms of split between residential and commercial.
of 80-plus minutes in a blaze of glory.
- Fabric: wool
The Quip's use of djembe is definitely a mood setter that puts the band apart from others, but they've certainly got a lot of other things going for them as well. Personally I was particularly happy about the reply to the second question - already they've successfully showed quite a variety within the styles they loosely confess to and it makes me really curious about the range of awesomeness they can accomplish in the future. Most definitely a band to keep an ear open for!
These multi-ethnic children encapsulate the spirit of my Monday.
well I still love you .. So you have to go on listening to me blabber on about this that and whatever it is that I may think you want to know about me and me related things recently!
Shirley Scott: Hammond B-3 great Shirley Scott (1934-2002) often played with John Coltrane in the 1950s but rose to fame as part of Eddie “Lockjaw” Davis’s group. Her long string of Impulse albums included these two, among her best, alternating her trio with a big band arranged by Oliver Nelson.
It was the first time I said it out loud and the first time I let myself realize that the reason for my "silence" is a simple truth-- fear. It sounded sheepish when I said it. It sounds silly even as I type it, and I can't help feeling embarrassed, but keeping it to myself eased the anxiety. If nobody knows, then I can't be too devastated if nobody shows up. If nobody knows, then writing even one order will be a victory. Then there's the matter of people liking my designs and styling, what if I can't pull it off to my own standards? I mean, I think most companies have their own team of designers and stylists to plan out each vignette, some working 6 months in advance to complete a showroom. (I've only been in business 8!) Although I have more support than I could ever ask for and be grateful for, it's more of a DIY operation, and how exactly are you supposed to style a space with just 6 bar carts and 8 chairs? I was terrified that it would look like a game of drunken musical chairs. Fun for sure ;), but definitely not first impression material.
An’ if sometimes our conduck isn’t all your fancy paints:
*Total weight gain: My next "official" weigh in will be Jan. 9th....and I am scared to step on the scale next time!!! Yesterday morning, I had gained 15.5 pounds total....this is still lower than my other 2 pregnancies, so I am thankful! Unfortunately, my face and rear end have all 15 pounds!!!
she has much in common with Brian Eno (his first band, Roxy
1(14oz.) can sweetened condensed milk
A lone chip eater breaks up a kick-fight on the Number 6 train without pausing in his snacking, or even looking at the fighters.
Last week, PoPo had to go in for some surgery so I thought I would try out a new recipe to take down to him before he went in. I found these cute little mini apple pies.
He mentions that it might help "put things in perspective" as he gives me a holier than thou glance. But when we arrive at our friend's house with dinner we find that he is gone. As it turns out, he is in the hospital, so we visit him there.
Erik - Marco Jentzsch
1 oz. Galena (bittering hops for full 60 minute boil)
Seriously, whatever Nurse Chapel’s official review will say, what Kirk and McCoy are really writing is, “If we allowed cats on the Enterprise, you’d own 37 of them.”
Looking back I find it almost impossible to remember when or how. Fairytales will have come first, and I read a lot of the Brothers Grimm and Asbjørnsen & Moe, as well as H C Andersen. They were far ‘bigger’ in Sweden than any Greek or Norse myths. Thor doing his stuff, being angry up in the sky was a fun idea, but totally implausible to me. Icarus flying too close to the sun was probably read to us in primary school, but again, I felt it was a tall story, if you’ll excuse the pun.
rockerfeller used it and he too became a
My life from His death. Hallelujah!
Over the years I can honestly say that I wasn't a crafter dictated by the season until I turned my craft love into a business. Before, I made whatever I wanted, whenever, and in whatever color suited my fancy. (I have to admit though that back then I was mostly making baby blankets.) But when I became an official business, I started trying to "keep up" with the times. Just like clothing stores. If you expect to have fall items ready at the brink of fall, you make them a season ahead. Is this easy? No, because frankly, I'm not wired that way.
Man Made Monster (1941)
Hester Michael is a fabric artist specializing in custom sewing and pattern making. Hester studied fashion and costume design in San Francisco at FIDM and the Louise Salinger Academy of Fashion, earning her BFA. Since then she has been a Fashion Instructor at FIDM and the Art Institute of California and a designer for local couturiers. She continues to be creative with textile weaving, art to wear, painting and pastel drawing.
Thanks for all of your hard work and wonderful tips!!!
It's not that I've had nothing to say, and it isn't that I haven't been bursting with the urge and intent to write...no, the problem has been at the bio-chemical level. The act of writing for me has usually been an act of capturing, harnessing and transcribing into words my mind's equivalent of fleeting musical notes -- all I've had to work with these days, however, is my mind's equivalent of a steady dial tone. O distant uncooperative muse...
Solution: Try to get at least eight hours of sleep nightly, and this could curb or even make your carb cravings disappear in as little as 72 hours.
And in
Lynda had read about a series of 20+ animal crossing bridges that span the highway between Jasper and Banff. We were both so impressed that Alberta's provincial government is willing to spend the money on such things, to protect the area wildlife.
New minds, new modes, new fools, new wise; New woes to weep, new joys to prize; With nothing left of me and you In that live century's vivid view Beyond a pinch of dust or two; A century which, if not sublime, Will show, I doubt not, at its prime, A scope above this blinkered time. -- Yet what to me how far above? For I would only ask thereof That thy worm should be my worm, Love!
In February 1982, the struggle reached its climax in Sunni-dominated Hama. Seeking to end the rebellion, Assad massacred the Sunni population of the city, killing as many as 20,000 residents. Alawites blamed the Muslim Brotherhood for the disaster, largely convinced that Sunnis had and would always reject their efforts to integrate. Even liberal Alawites, who criticized Assad’s aggressiveness at the outset of the revolt, remained silent in the aftermath of the Hama massacre. They had been transformed from victims into perpetrators.
Use a fork or whisk to stir the cornstarch into the coconut cream until smooth. Pour into the slow-cooker and stir gently until the colour is even. Replace the lid and let cook for 2 more hours or until bubbly around the edges.
This is my last week of the crazy boot camp. I have really noticed a difference in my stamina and strength has improved a little. What is mind boggling though is that the scale has not budged at all. Not one pound. Seriously? Major frustration over here.
Check out the next picture..... I guess like MOTHER, like SON!!! HA HA!!
Alexander McDonald – Footman
“I am not at all in a humor for writing; I must write on until I am.” –Jane Austen
Wrong. Oh so very wrong.
**This is where I have the best line…EVER**
So with things settling down around here and kind of getting back to normal....I had to get my feet wet again.
dash nutmeg
The shaker is readily activated, possibly almost too easily, but that’s a matter of subjective opinion.
“Like that woman who just passed us! She is miserable! … And the reason I know that, is because I used to do that! I would think about how I wanted to look and who I wanted to look like. I would pressure myself to have the perfect figure, reach a certain weight, fit into a certain clothing size, and I was willing to do Anything to get it. Even if I felt awful afterwards!”
‘The Introspectacular’ While Previewing Tracks From
- Bobbin Head, a big gorge with a 4km climb out
What might happen in the real world is that a copyright holder might tell a middleman, such as YouTube or Twitter, about an offending video or an offending link. The middleman would then immediately take it down – not wait until it had confirmed that a breach of copyright had actually taken place. Because of SOPA the middleman would act quickly, fearing that its entire domain could be taken offline. It seems to me that SOPA giving this kind of muscle to copyright holders is not such a bad thing.
Promarkers (just the lettering on the sentiment).
Brand, the main character of my book Broods of Fenrir, is without question an alpha male. He exudes confidence, never gives up, and displays the fervor you would expect, though his violent past has left no aspect of him undamaged. The story is told mainly from his point of view, so you get to crawl inside his head and really see what’s going on in there.
3 seminal
The poem is for "Imaginary Garden with Real Toads - Ella's Edge - Writing Poetry from the Inside Out". I sort of followed the rules... it is raining outside so I used the "CAM" as my outside this morning and also used what was going on "inside" my world... taking my daughter back to college this morning. (We live within 35 minutes of the school, and since she was sick, I wanted her home resting ... so I AM still needed... sometimes :)
I followed the news of Johnny Cupcake for months. Weren’t difficult. What with him being a star and his wife giving birth to a baby girl and all. They were in every magazine on the stand.
He got invited in at this stop and was given a little snack for his bag. He discussed with both neighbors what he was doing for a minute or two before we moved on. All this time Reed has not been one bit afraid to approach these people. We know them all, but I wouldn't have thought he would be this un-shy. Anyway, after this stop, I suggested the lemonade again as I'm trying to wrap this little trip up. I didn't see anyone else outside and I hated to knock on someone's door. Sunday afternoon naps and all. So, I convinced him to go back home and take his daddy with him.
Pray and ask God for truth and His wisdom and the Holy Spirit will "…will teach you all things…” John 14:26
Despite this, Nick Bryant made what appeared to be a deliberate attempt to imply who they might be, by referring to the old “white Australia” policy, which existed up until the 1970's, and which he said left Australia with a historical reputation for racism. This reference was clearly intended to leave the viewer with the impression that these racist attacks were being perpetrated by those same “white Australians”, if that was not his intention, why make such a reference?.
real bad.
your daily life may win the respect of outsiders and so that you will not be
Doctors (4 of them, with medical degrees): 0
Plain yellow colored Burberry Prorsum Graphic Matelassé heritage trench coat with intricate weave and contrasting textures in strong nylon and silk. This has heritage curv and tapered raglan sleeves.
Confessing:” I just hung in there and grinded my way around the golf course and stayed very patient, stayed in the moment. I got a lot out of that round.”
Mathew 12:33-35
“We’re still investigating exactly how this happened, and as soon as we have all the facts, we’ll be taking the appropriate action with the people involved,” he said.
track a luscious Paisley Park feel. Apart from obviously having
Chilly powder - 1/2 teaspoon
Brush the egg over the top of the dough before putting the tray into the oven...
You should be able to smell the gorgeously roasted garlic seeping out through your oven door after about 15 minutes or so.
Due to out of town visitors from one of my clients, last night was late and this morning was early.
Isn't this sounding mysterious?
Almost as Big as Soccer
Tap tap tap do just what I said!
Show some sort of real emotion?
One of my co-workers gave me this yeast to try out and make homemade pizza. It was awesome! In the past I have used ready made dough from Trader Joe's or Bob's Red Mill Gluten Free dough so I was excited to make my own this time.
Suddenly we are in the fleeting, magical fortnight or so when every day brings more trees into leaf, more startling green to the landscape. Every day the view from my bedroom window is different. The tawny mass of the distant beechwood has washes of green in it today: errant sycamores, perhaps, ahead of the beeches. The horse chestnuts have proper little leaflets hanging from them now and even the silhouettes of the oaks are thickening with fat buds. White blossom is beginning to star the geans; the cherries have decked themselves in their frilly pink party clothes. My only problem for a Tuesday tree post, then, is which to choose. I have been dithering. But if I dither much longer it’ll be Wednesday, so I have decided to show you several. What the hell, let’s live a little!
1. Make a cash donation (stop in the day of the sale or see a director any time).
Here's what happened.
Healthy crowd on hand tonight for what is probably the best fight card we’ve ever had. Excited for a big night of fights. The crowd is ready to go, and we’re prepared to start our amateur card right at 6 (a little early – but necessary to fit in the 13 total fights we have scheduled for tonight).
Chunks of sweet mango are tossed with creamy avocado, tomato and cilantro. This is a dish that gets better with time. As it sits, the juice seems to multiply. Whenever we make it, I find myself putting it on everything we make throughout the week. But it’s not just a topping. It definitely can be served as a dip on its own. Cinco de Mayo is in a few days. Tortilla chips are necessary. So come on over, I’m out back…with a Corona. I have one for you too. I promise.
--steel wool and vinegar if you want an antiqued looking stain (optional)
Take out the center rectangle, punch a hole and add a chipboard gear, washer, and hitch fastener creating a doorknob.
I refused to participate. The instructor, disappointed and possibly angry, said "you're going to have to kill something sometime." I rolled my eyes. I stepped outside to avoid ridicule and realized that many of the male fish lying on the ground were still alive. I told one of the hatchery workers and he came out and half-heartedly clubbed one again. It was still moving. While it may have just been postmortem nerve reflexes, it still unsettled me so I spent the next hour cutting the heads off the fish as they were tossed out the window to ensure they were dead rather than have them suffocate to death. The knife they gave me was dull and it took all my strength to cut through.
The Captain scarcely heard, running blindly into the heat, to collapse outside the walls of the kasbah. The heat shimmered and danced while two drops of blood welled on his wrist, shining like the eyes of a spider. They found him there in the morning, his wrist in his mouth. The teeth were in deep.
521 - Greg Pryor
But, more importantly, it begs the question: “Who had the clearance necessary to delete information from secure CIMS logs?”
I am definitely more of the latter than the former (why must my husband insist on throwing his watch and wallet in different places throughout the apartment every day?!) and have been looking for fun and functional trays to store and organize around our home. While trays can of course be used to beautifully present food, they can also be used to group and display items belonging to a certain category (e.g. a small every day tray could hold your watch and jewelry) or group items, like perfumes and beauty products, together. I like a polished look for the bedroom or bathroom while a sleek look (like the black tray below) could be used in my living/dining area all year round for displaying knicks and knacks elegantly or even treats like cupcakes! I use our floral Liberty of London tray in our kitchen for holding our breakfast treats and fresh fruit - the print is just too fun!
3:38
One hand as though it dons a magic cloak.
We were lying there on the floor when my daughter, Asena, decided to stand up and walk over me, her heel burrowing into my sensitive belly.
Everything happens for a reason. This isn’t always fun to live through. But hell if ain’t gonna make me stronger. I will not wait for someone to unlock me from this cage and remove my shackles. I will create the key and soar.
Moi: Because I wake up at dawn and I see them all stumbling home, smelling of Poire William and cigarettes.
soil
In some cases, especially early in his career, Luserke had been making appropriate payments to authors, but it appeared that he had mostly stopped after about 1990. While the problems with Heyne and Amber were fully corroborated, Luserke was also doing business in then-Czechoslovakia, Romania, and other European countries, and the extent of his thefts was never fully discovered. SFWA’s efforts to bring him to justice in Germany were impeded by the distances involved, and the case was dropped after my term as President was over.
Good morning everyone! Hope you're having a magnificent start to your Saturday!! I'm a little late in getting my post up this morning, so I apologize for that! It's time for a new challenge over at Kraftin' Kimmie's Challenge Blog, and this week our hostess with the mostest is the fabulous and awesomely talented Alice!! Alice makes the most amazing cards, and she has challenged us to a....are you ready????....a ONE LAYER CARD. Yup...you heard (or rather read) me correctly. LOL! A one layer card. Well anyone that has ever received (or maybe even weighed) one of my cards, knows how much of a challenge this was for me. But hey...isn't that what challenges are for? To stretch us out of our comfort zone? So I grabbed my cardstock and set out to do exactly that. And this is what I came up with.
Thank you to Amanda Williams Deputy Head who began and coordinated the project in this school and to everyone involved.
But here are some lovely Isa testers to taunt your tastebuds while I am away.
WACKY MISUNDERSTANDINGS
Inequality? Try this on for size: OWS protesters were swept up and jailed in cities all over America for the misdemeanor of stinking up the place and refusing to pack up their tents. Meanwhile, well-connected liberal Democrat Jon Corzine walks free and easy after "misplacing" billions of investor dollars. You can bet he's not nervously looking over his shoulder--Washington's got his back.
Here are the rankings for the month of September:
The dungeon is brilliant. I love the hydras and the grim riders although the latter always end up getting slaughtered because I use them a little too boldly and throw them at the enemy without backup.
He parts the water and then hits his ball within a foot of the hole.
Oh well. Won't be long and with daily mowing we hopefully will kill it off.
Now, if you look at this picture to the left, you can see what Addison looked like at week 13. I remember how she kept turning and hiding from the ultrasound. I remember how even though an ultrasound is more like a shadow, she looked like the shadow of a human being. She had arms and legs. Look at the picture, she even had lips and a nose. She was fully alive.
In Enchanted when Sunday Woodcutter encounters a charmed/cursed frog, she finds a friend. Sunday is the seventh daughter of a seventh daughter, and although she loves her family, she doesn't always understand their storied history, or her place with them. Sunday is a romantic who quickly finds herself falling for her frog, for Sunday knows that he was once a man, and wistfully aches to know that man. Sunday and Grumble (the frog) become fast friends and confidantes; with Grumble, Sunday has someone who wants to know her secrets and hear her writings, and someone she can trust. Grumble disappears one night, leaving the tender-hearted Sunday worse for the wear.
of Bealtainne’s bell in Eden’s court.
Not “in a bad spot”…not “going the wrong way”…not “in need of making some better life-choices.” I was dead.
She sleeps
In the three years since then, over 10,000 unique visitors have stopped by to spend a little time here. That amazes me. Not because I think I'm uninteresting, but rather I am amazed by the sheer scope of reach my words have here. When I was doing my radio show in Richmond, VA, many years back, I don't think I reached 10,000 people! Certainly I didn't reach folks from so many varied locations. You've come to my blog from Spain, Japan, New Zealand, the UK, Sweden, Malaysia, Croatia and more other countries than I can list here. In fact, six of the seven continents have sent readers to this blog (only Antarctica remains - come on, where are my Antarctic readers?!?).
Pratyush: – I don’t know. I don’t know where our relationship is heading towards. At this stage, we both are giving time to each other to think about this relationship of two years. Initially she could not live without me but I was too careless to think about all this. Now she is getting busy to shape her career and our relationship is facing all this heads and tails.
Sua Sponte!
But how can that be taught?
One other salient detail. The Guardian's headline calls Tacheles the "last stand of Berlin's bohemians," which is not only hyperbolic, but inadvertantly points out Tacheles' failure. Not to be too pedantic about it, but bohemianism is not a permanent state. It's a stage of development some people go through which may lead to a way of life, usually in the arts. But there's usually a point when each bohemian realizes that it's time to either get serious about their life-project or put on a suit and start looking for work. Tacheles' residents are bohemians, nothing more. They're not artists, no matter how many "galleries" of welded distorted shapes and weird photographs the place has. Bohemians, as residents of Montmartre and Greenwich Village know, are easy to sell to tourists. That keeps the tourists from disturbing the artists.
But mine….Hmmm. I’m torn between two, one of whom you met in Shattered Dreams, and one of whom you’ll meet in Broken Illusions: Julian Delacroix. Julian is introduced in chapter 1 as guru of all things metaphysical. He runs a New Age shop in the French Quarter, has long dark hair and deep-set eyes,has a mysterious room on the second floor of his shop, is the subject of many rumors, and does something for Trinity that makes her aunt very, very mad. Any tips or tricks for aspiring writers?
And all the bridges are burning that we might have crossed
Now add the bean and peas, cook until all vegetable are soft and almost dry..
Anna, Thank you so much for taking the time to visit with me. I wish you continued success in all your endeavors!
My dearest and sweetest friend,
Ok, so the winner of this challenge is . . . .
Length – very often I receive submissions that are too long. Right now, the sweet spot is 300-550 words long.
Spiritual communities, though potential havens, can also become escapes for the socially challenged. And teachers from other cultures, though masters in their spiritual disciplines, may lack the experience they need within their new culture to give realistic counsel to their students — and sometimes get distracted as they encounter the enticements of the West.
Cassie, you are talking to yourself again. And with an accent this time too.
The economic damage was far in excess of the trillion dollar plus immediate loss of life and property. Tens of millions developed cancers. The dollar had to be devalued 50% at a hastily convened G-20 Finance Ministers meeting in England on the weekend of September 22nd and 23rd . The devaluation of the dollar had been planned for soon after the 2012 election. The devaluation doubled prices which is to say it cut purchasing power in half. Fifteen million Americans were turned away from Food Stamp offices around America between the fourth of July and the end of the year. The 49 million Food Stamp recipients complained they only got enough food to last the first two weeks of the month. Food riots and random violence became endemic to American cities. Attempts to ration food were unsuccessful because the government had no food to offer and had lost control of the population within 3 weeks of last 2 quakes.
so I stretched…
Again came his famous answer, "I don't know."
Reduce heat and cook until thickened to your desired consistency. Again stirring often. This may take another hour or even several hours.
MOG lets you play through the Roku at the $4.99 subscription price, but Rdio requires the $9.99 sub. But when you think you get nearly all new music for $9.99 a month, that’s a fantastic deal.
Even so mainstream a group as the intergovernmental Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development warned in March about “alarming” prospects of “irreversible changes that could endanger two centuries of rising living standards” due to climate change and other factors such as species extinctions and freshwater depletion. [19]
Son: (peering) Oh! A rocket! A firework rocket!
Break of day
Ah, PIB, already I miss ye. Can it be that I have to wait 364 days for your bounty to return? Thank heavens we live in Beervana--my pain can be assuaged somewhat in the interim.
So, part of our visit will include looking up a particular poem that my father will be reading at Jim’s memorial service.
Seeking confirmation, we see that it has made a lower low and a lower high. As price just about touches the instersection of both trendlines (that are now resistance TLs), I sold short at 14.70.
Service 9/10
Although the price is cheap, the quality is also cheap. The chairs LOOK awesome, but unfortunately the cushions rip easily. If youw ill use these frequently, I would get a higher quality stool.
WANT TO SEE THE OTHER SHELVES?
This may shock you.
Naturally this series of unfortunate events have driven me to a state of deep existential angst, where my primal desires for something real, a sense of community and probably sex have made me become disenfranchised with society. What shall I do? Listening to the Safety Dance at ear damaging levels, growing my hair long and frequently procrastinating have only lead to several appointments with the local doctor and the quiet disdain of some of my teachers. I must do something more drastic. I must form a gang.
My sister and I have a meeting tomorrow morning at 9:00 a.m. with the Vice Principal who called my niece in (without a parent's presence!)and advised her that she could be suspended for bullying! We're going in, informed, calm, cool, and collected and require that ALL parties be reprimanded and called to task for their behavior. We'll also be pointing out the Phoebe Prince case and ask that they take the matter seriously. (If we have to).
Wed 10 June: 10:00 – 14:00
They are fift h, a point behind Newcastle and Tottenham and, even though they will end this season with their lowest points total of the Abramovich era even if they win all three of their remaining league matches, reaching the top four would be regarded as a triumph given the turmoil that the club appeared to be in when Di Matteo took charge in March following the departure of André Villas-Boas.
I watched it all when it was on (and before you begin adding on your fingers, I'll help ... 1st season: 1982). And so did Tom. But we'd forgotten so much. And it is like a stage play. A really well done, clever stage play.
Was awesome, like usual. Thanks ladies for coming.
As a music consultant, I push to the artists I work with to dress to success, hype up the strengths but also let others see you for what they want on a higher level. For example, if you have a run of 3 dates a week for a full month and you are putting out there that you are listing your schedule for the month, that is a very impressive schedule. Now if you go and do the same thing and name it a tour, it is ok and while it might impress some friends and fans, the industry and industry folk, might actually see it as weak.
4th Busan Fireworks Festival. Fire Flowers is the Korean term.
It’s good thing Mother Nature stepped in the save NASCAR from another snores-ville race. Two out of five races this year have been sleepers for sure. The race at Fontana was going by so quickly, you could have napped and missed it!
Pour mixture on to lightly greased cookie sheet and press firmly. You can play around with it, depending on how thick you want your bars.
This month as summer wanes our Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has given us much to think about. Tapped phone conversations - how vulgar - leading to greater vulgarities still. Young prostitutes whom he did or not pay for sex. Women in a line outside of his chamber, women seeking fame on his tits-and-arse TV stations from a lover who boasts: 'I govern this country in my spare time.'
"C'mon, Farsi? Thai? in Alabama?"
That’s right. . .‘gave’ Julian the money.
i am thrilled that so many of you are joining me in this adventure to put more effort into taking care of ourselves, and having fun with it!
Mare51089: really?
Since Park Ha’s place is nearby, Poor Mom takes her there and we get to see some unplanned mother-daughter bonding time. Basically, Park Ha cooks some seafood soup and serves it and Rich Mom watches in amusement as Tae Yong acts like a bratty kid when he’s served last.
As peculiar as it seemed, it appears to be a "thing". People selling their shrubs and trees for whatever reason but the buyer has to put in the physical labor of removing them. I read several accounts of this type of gardening sale on different DIY landscaping forums. It's a win for everyone on a budget.
Me (high, Rouse-y voice): "Suzie! Itty-bitty-boo!"
This is the time when starts my thirst
Well Don't have so much time for crafting as I want to but I hope you come visit me when I do and say a little hello in the comments =)
And Mike Daisey's story is about technology - the cult of Apple and Steve Jobs. And he is telling two stories, from two different ends of the supply chain.
Tangible items
So the eight trillion is vastly more than what it would take to end poverty and stop environmental destruction.
Slipping up and telling your Japanese friend (you DO have one, don’t you?) that you need to buy the world (せけん）and not soap（せっけん）takes a couple of seconds, yet the embarrassment you feel when you are corrected will sear the lesson into your brain and you will NEVER make that mistake again. How long would you have to sit there with flash cards repeating these to words to force yourself to remember them otherwise? Too long. And whose to say you won’t forget them anyway?
The clouds of four mountains are endless,
Happiness can be guaranteed only by being; change and happiness exclude one another. The highest desire therefore contemplates unity with what has being. This is the formula for: the road to the highest happiness.
This feeling started almost immediately after Deacon's surgery. I guess it technically started in the hospital - on day 2. When I felt like Deacon was replaced with a "new" baby (http://sweetleighmama.blogspot.com/2011/12/surgery-craniosynostosis-repair-day-2.html). And it lasted until about a month ago - the end of January. But the strange thing is - I never realized it was postpartum depression until recently. While I was in the throes of it, it never once dawned on me that what I was feeling was depression. It was only once I began to spiral out of it that I realized what had been going on. I knew I wasn't myself. I knew something was wrong. But I couldn't put my finger on what it was. All I could tell people was that, "I just don't feel right."
for the longest time.
In May 2004, the European Commission warned the sixteen organisations that collect royalties on behalf of music authors that their so-called "Santiago Agreement" is potentially in breach of European Union competition rules. The purpose of the agreement was to allow each of the participating societies to grant to online commercial users "one-stop shop" copyright licenses which include the music repertoires of all societies and which are valid in all their territories. The structure put in place by the parties to the Agreement results in commercial users being limited in their choice to the monopolistic collecting society established in their own Member State.
Our school is unique in that we are located on the campus of our local state university. Our building is an old one, celebrating it's 100th anniversary this year so it is with it's limitations. For one thing, we do not have a gym in our building, so each gym day we load the kids onto a shuttle bus and drive them to the college's gym down the street. The kids love the bus ride, they think it's cool.
I do not begrudge them – I only say these things to say that they are out of touch with the needs of average Americans.
a. Worth speaking well of
bars, movies and restaurants. What else can someone desire from life?
Hmm, apparently this was such an off-the-cuff loaf that I didn't bother to make a note of either the ingredients or the method. This is annoying and slightly distressing because I want to share this loaf cake, and I want to be able to make it again. Ah well, my (very vague) memories of making it will just have to suffice.
Jean Cronin 1960s vintage shift, The Loft Market €98
What I’ve got a taste of, the places I roamed
These Vatican people don't paint a nice picture.
I made a set of four of them. They came together so quickly that I think I'll make more!
Il fut riche. Il portait un flair de sacristie
Again, subject to the exact questions asked, can it be shown he had contacted, or even knew of Mulcaire? The mysteriously re-appearing emails (more of which later) might assist regarding that point. Mr Mulcaire would of course be a compellable witness in any perjury proceedings. Whilst he failed to appear at the Sheridan trial, as a result of medically certificated ill health, one can imagine he would definitely be asked to attend such proceedings as we are contemplating here.
The cost to the hard pressed tax payer to keep him in 3 star accommodation with free television, gym and, as near as dammit, private medical and dental care, plus when released state benefits. We should send more foreign criminals back to where they came from and then spend the money we save on more deserving people. The old and young injured servicemen and women returning from the wars. I wonder if he will be sending his friends in Searchlight and the church the odd postcard whilst sunning himself in Mauritius.
Though heavy on sculpture, the exhibit also features a smorgasbord of 2-D work. Vanessa Pastore & Don Seiple offer up a selection of their intensely creepy digital photo-manipulations, German illustrator Rainer F. Engel presents an entire wall of beautifully rendered illustration with subjects spanning Vincent Price to the Golem, & Andy P. (aka. Black Unicorn Studio) threatens to traumatize optic nerves with his bold melding of screen printed color & detailed line art. Rounding out this already large line up is the work of two more Connecticut artists: David Grant offers up several stunning examples of both his sculpture & illustration work & Joe Wilson is sure to turn heads with his highly refined digital paintings.
Oops, y'all! We dropped the ball and just now found out that one of our super cute couples, Whitney and Gene, was featured on Glamour & Grace back in September! Their rustic, DIY-style wedding is one you won't want to miss (assuming you hadn't already seen it, unlike us).
He found this funny, but the truth is, I start planning, and often cooking and freezing for Shabbat, starting from the beginning of the week. It feels as though my whole week is leading up to Shabbat, which is undoubtedly the most important day of the seven.
hovering unwanted, that sound in your ear,
1 cup hot tap water (everyone has this!)
In the 1960s, during Powell’s two tours in Vietnam, he never joined with other U.S. military officers who risked their careers to warn their superiors about the brutal and self-defeating strategies that, eventually, ended up costing the lives of 58,000 Americans and millions of Indochinese.
Y’all have a great evening!
I'm not getting any younger and I decided that I should be enjoying my possessions rather than hiding them in a closet.
There are 58 officially designated national parks in the United States and its dependent areas, however, there is only one in the northeastern United States - Acadia National Park on Mt. Desert Island in Maine. It was here that I scrambled one morning to get to a ranger program exploring the tide pool. It was the first time I had heard the word, and I loved the idea*.
Next time I'm in NYC, or traveling anywhere for that matter, I'll try to meet up with more of my "online" friends. Tweeting and emailing is great and all, but I can't really share a glass of wine with my computer screen. And unlike avatars, I like how a person can smile back at me.
Place each cracker carefully on a baking sheet. Bake at 425 degrees Fahrenheit for about 12-15 minutes.
The Fold perceives characteristics of a material that is ever potentially reduced, divided, and ever potentially unfolded, unraveled. Deleuze references Leibniz in explicating the Fold as
“Good bye.”
Carolyn managed to WOW us again with another creative project
This house
13:44.5 Gabriel Kamau 1980
But then..getting your own blog header is still a choice, as there are a lot of great blogs template out there that are pre made with cool headers.
Fringing the dusty road with harmless gold,
*My living room looks like a category 5 tornado decided to land its butt dead center. No point in cleaning up after this kid if he is here 24/7 and is going to destroy the cleanliness promptly.
"Hey! That's my car! Excuse me! Ya'll can't be putting that dog up in my car like that!"
Montreal-based Canadian progressive gem...side 1 includes only one long(19'54")track entitled "Mann Made" , which is very interesting,mixing progressive,classical and elctronic music with spooky and dreamy organ passages,acidy guitarleads,flute solos,harsh vocals...side 2 except "Keep On Moving" ,which utilises fast rhythms with horns and synthesizers contains more slow and melodic moments like "Country Company" and "Reflections" with a hypnotic mood... "Carnival" is a strong mid-tempo ballad,sounding like a combination of Tim Buckley and Tim Hardin, but with also harsh vocals...the cut called "Evolution" ,which is the album's highlight,features good rhythm and stunning lead guitar work with several similarities to Pink Floyd's music...
Herman T, Memphis, TN:
Lead letter writer Professor David Byrne is presumably no relation to Liam. The Prof has certainly decided to use personal rudeness to make his point. For instance
Picking the best service to share the photo documentation:
Rue du Four
They might have an offer on their house and I am saying prayers for them because I know this past year has been hard. The reality is hitting home and I realize they will be moving away. I count my blessings to have met her and know they will always be a part of our lives. I think I will write a personal reference letter for her to give to any of her new neighbors in case any of them are fast blinkers.
cream of mushroom soup
I had a photographic exhibition year before last and it was an amazing experience, I got to display over 200 photographs and no less than 10 canvasses.
Paul (wiser than his age) is excited to be using his Spanish a lot more (The rest of us wish we knew Spanish). He has had fun getting reacquainted with people whom he knew when he was here serving his mission. He is enjoying this winter that does not involve shoveling off the roof, or getting stuck on the road for hours in Oregon- all in the name of S N O W !
and their prices are very reasonable.
I had never written a song or an epitaph or a poem.
-yellow, black and white peep toes
This day is really hot. HOT as hell.
The Notebook, was his first book ever published and is now the well known movie that every female adores. Basically, this book tells the story of a couple. The story is told on two levels – one is the present day when Allie and Noah have grown old and live in a home; the other is the story Noah reads from the notebook in which he tells how he and Allie met, fell in love, lost each other, and then found each other again. Allie is then diagnosed with Alzheimer’s and she completely forgets everything, including their meeting. Though she does not remember, Noah tells her the story of their love every day, hoping that she will, one day.
I’m posting very late today, but better late than never. I’ve been busy with studying for my last test, but I could spare some time to go out and shoot this photo.
Buttons, ribbons, bits and pieces, domestic this and that,
Desensitization surrounding rape and sexual abuse seems to continuously invade our lives – it’s in the TV shows and movies we watch, in the songs we listen to and it’s even woven into every day speech as if it weren’t a horrifying crime that affects millions of women and men in the U.S. alone. While some may think that a rape joke is harmless or a TV show graphically depicting a sexual assault is just interesting television, the prevalence and normalization of sexual violence in our daily lives has very serious consequences. Namely, it furthers the perpetuation of a culture of violence and rape in which the sexual objectification and dominance of women is just the norm.
“They don’t care what we think. They care about what they want us to think,” he said.
Where he also shares insights and in-depth experiences of these two Ancient Indian Knowledge Systems.
But I never finish what I am at,
We also created the ever cool tea bag holder. I am still waiting to get the template on this one, so if anyone knows where it came from please let me know!
Dr Williams said: “For me, God is the power or the intelligence that shapes the whole of that process.
And excuse me, I have to write to Steve Jobs, now.
and each other....
The Abyss
The critically acclaimed documentary movie, "Oh, You Cowgirl!" is once again available for sale on the film's website.
That’s why I told my Wifesy this morning, “Stay strong and remember the doggie clits.”
There are several ways on how to cure back acne. Bacne – a short term for back acne is just like any ordinary forms of acne. It can appear as pimples, blackheads, pustules or in severe cases it would look like an acne cyst.
at Fall Fest in beautiful Door County, WI!
I am coming up on the 3 year anniversary of my cancer diagnosis. (Some time soon, I may do a post about it.) I had surgery, followed by 6 months of chemotherapy. It was a HUGE life changer, to say the least.
God will welcome these martyrs to their heavenly home.
Jaws is a classic Hollywood Horror/Thriller released in the summer of 1975.
trending systems from the population explosion,
This week, our sponsor is Robyn's Fetish and she has provided the DT with a beautiful digi paper pack to work with. Here is the bookmark I created using one of the beautiful papers:
I fully expected to be working in movies within a year of moving to LA.That was not my reality and it is not the reality of most people who move to LA to pursue acting.It can take a very, very, very long time to succeed in this business and my best piece of advice is to not give up.You have to motivate yourself and just keep going.Create projects for yourself.Don’t whine.The first year is the hardest followed by every anniversary up to about year 5 when you’re so beaten down you don’t notice the years passing anymore.I have a friend who is so incredibly talented it is a crime that after 10 years in LA he still has to wait tables to make a living.He gets acting work here and there but he can’t hold down an agent.This business is not fair.It is not like other businesses where if you show up, and work above and beyond everyones expectations, you are pretty much guaranteed to move up the ladder.I don’t know why it works out for some and not for others.And when you move here you have no idea which camp you are going to fall into.
My car is 11 years old and I’m saving for a new one, but hey I haven’t had a car payment in 6 years and I have NO debts besides the usual; rent, ulitilities and food. I have money in the bank. I get three checks a month to stay home and NOT work…like I said I’m retired and I worked hard for 39 years to have what I have. I have a pension, a annuity (that’s that saving account called 401) and Social Security. I am now on Medicaid part A and a full SENIOR CITIZEN and I have and get many benefits. Life is good.
Of the remaining 540 known survivors it is estimated that not more than 100 were seamen required to man the boats. This would leave approximately 440, and: in the ordinary proportions of women and children in the steerage, where passengers in the Titanic's care numbered 710, it seems probable that the greater part of these 440 were women and their little ones.
I see a very good anniversary celebration in our immediate future... (tee, hee, hee!)...
This morning my ex-father-in-law died. To say “my” in relation to him almost seems fraudulent, really, because I haven’t been in touch with my ex-in-laws for several years, and so can’t claim them as “my” anything. There was a falling out, rooted mainly, as best as I can figure, in the fact that I moved on so thoroughly and completely with my life after their son, my first husband, died.
Bill Kreutzmann – drums
Smelled like cumin and curry with a hint of coconut. Really strong cumin smell. I like cumin, but it was still a bit off putting as it's not a smell normally associated with a beer. Luckily, the flavor wasn't dominated by the cumin but instead by coconut with some chocolate and roast from the base stout. There was a little hint of lime and the finish had some cumin in it but at that point it blended well with the rest unlike the nose. As I drank more, my lips started tingling a bit which was a result of the cayenne pepper in the beer. It's not something you notice flavor wise as there's no spiciness, but it still manages to make its presence known.
1) Getting to be with my “girlz”, Ava Stone and Tammy Falkner (who collectively make up Lydia Dare), Jane Charles, Catherine Gayle, Erin Knightly, Samantha Grace and Rose Gordon — some of my very best friends in the world! We were nearly inseparable and had SO much fun together!
Mouth feel: Svelte but not undernourished.
I realize that for many of you who read this, I’m just preaching to the choir. But I also know a lot of people who listen to Joel Osteen and take what he says seriously as Gospel preaching, and really need to hear what I’m about to say. With those things in mind, here we go.
Today I am reposting what I posted on the evening of my mother's memorial service.
The terror is real… and it will not come from the Mayan prophecy, but from the preppers. Prep yourselves people. Prep for the preppers. We’re all going to face a whole new level of crazy. Feel the fear…
“While it contains no hazardous chemicals,” The Daily reported, “the space agency said people could potentially be hurt by sharp edges.”
And eat some cake! Much much credit has to go to my friend, Sacha, who taught me how to do fondant in the first place, and actually spent an entire day at my house helping me create little things to put on this cake!
lack of full disclosure, for threats, duress and coercion in the
I could also title this post, "Writing Is An Art." But "Telling Should Not Be Banished" was more catchy. Anyway...
This is an easy one to participate in...you are just linking to your own blog. No projects to sew, no furniture to paint, no cookies to bake or pictures to take. You are just sharing your blog and then friends will stop by for a looksy.
I also think that she has been trying to test how far she can push us. Before, she used to throw some of her toys out of the play pen or she would drop some of her food. But then she would stop.
Talk to you soon.
Several senior CDU Merkel allies, including Wolfgang Bosbach, a former champion of European integration, are expected to vote against the EFSF expansion proposal in the Bundestag later today. And lenders to ClubMed are rock-solid in their unwillingness to take debt write-offs above 21%. Both these eventualities were predicted in the Slog’s post yesterday, which used leaks from an anonymous German banking source. The source’s confidence in the passage of the EFSF legislation also seems to be justified.
On Saturday, Zi, her fairy godmother Auntie Tracy and I drove to Yara River. Zi loved the cold water and was doubtlessly in her element. I just felt good. We stayed until she started to shiver and the tide began to rise, and then we drove home. Of course, to do this trip on Saturday required doing nothing on Friday, Sunday and Monday. Seriously, I think I expended whatever I had in me for the long weekend on just that one trip. I was so spent, I let all kinds of things slide, just handed the baby over to Lyndon to bathe and entertain, left the dishes for him to wash, heaped the unfolded clothes on a chair, didn’t make the bed, and relegated everything else to that place where unnoticed things go, even if I noticed them.
Teriyaki Beet Greens (I also ate all of that)
Are these parents responsible for their son's behavior? Of course not. They have two other daughters and a son, all of whom are hardworking responsible citizens like their parents. Bobby was raised in the same environment, attended the same schools, and was treated the same way as his siblings. Why has he turned out so differently from his brother and sisters?
Please note that the time will also be changing to 8
The senior football and netball showdowns are where the rivalry is showcased; these are always heated clashes and close encounters.
Junsu use his headphone to listen music. He hummed with look at a flower where’s he just buy not along ago. Suddenly, someone grab his shoulder make Junsu turn back. He scream tried to run away.
There are 53 (I tried to do 50, really I did) of my favourites to get through. But get through them you must. Note: films are very loosely ordered.
The models show oil hitting Florida's Atlantic coast within a few weeks, then moving north as far as about Cape Hatteras, N.C., before heading east.One question I haven't seen answered is: at what level of dispersion is the oil no longer harmful? I assume that if a hundred million gallons were distributed evenly throughout the world's oceans, it wouldn't even be noticeable, and would biodegrade in no time. But somewhere between that, and the actual conditions we have - giant plumes and enormous sheens concentrated in the northern Gulf of Mexico - is the threshhold beyond which dispersion takes care of the problem. I don't know what that threshhold is - whether, for instance, the quantities shown swirling about in the mid-Atlantic in this animation would still be dangerous to ecosystems. At the least, though, this looks bad for pretty much the entire coast of Florida.
Cally's come a long way in her writing career, and at the moment life is really hectic. 'There’s a lot to juggle,' she says. 'I have a day job, I’m promoting “Home for Christmas”, a short story anthology called ‘Tears and Laughter and Happy Ever After’ that I’m involved with and I’m putting together a synopsis for novel 3. Oh yes, and there’s another novel that I’ve been working on (20,000 words written so far) that I’ve had to put on the back burner since giving birth to my first child at the beginning of October! If the press report a huge rise in coffee sales in Bristol you’ll know why!'
Last Thursday, during the team meeting, the boss requested to clear the annual leave before end of the year, and she does not accept the under table deal request to carry forward the leave. Just wonder why other team can do so and she could not do us the favour? The leave system is suck and kinda of struggle for long time before accepted the offer, other US based company can allow to bring forward the leave up to 38 days, and why not for this company?
It's not often you get to photograph dusk over your own country and then, scant hours later, dawn over the Pacific. But here's the tricky bit, right? The first image shows dusk on 23rd June 2010 and the next one shows dawn on - that's right, the same day!
So, now I go to jump neck deep into writing outlines, writing papers, and lesson planning. Oh, yeah. I need to clean too! I'll write more, if I get a chance to come up for air.
In this first draft I’m using my somewhat sarcastic “all-knowing” narrative voice but I really should be in the characters voice as this narrative is an extension of the characters thoughts. The character here being a Puerto Rican New Yorker drug dealer reflecting on the recent actions of one of his soldiers. So I changed it to this:
We have had a very fun, long weekend! It started with a sleep over at Gram and Gramp's on Thursday night. All four kidos! John and I enjoyed a kidless, date night. Something we aren't very good at. I dropped the kids off, then went and got a haircut. We had dinner at Javier's, then went to a session at the Bountiful Temple. It was so nice to enjoy the night together, and not worry about getting back to the kids. The best part was knowing they were having the time of their lives, and not missing us a bit! The next morning we even enjoyed sleeping in (a bit), then John went to work and I enjoyed breakfast with a friend. I went to get the kids about 11, and they were far from ready to go home! I don't know that they were even excited to see me. Gram was spoiling them, and they had an agenda of things to do before going home. We had lunch, pulled a sled behind the 4-wheeler, cut out Cole's pinewood derby car, played some more, and finally headed for home around 3. Drew had a long nap, and we had a fun night. Gram let us borrow Home Alone 3 (they watched 1 AND 2 at their house), which they couldn't wait to see! They were all ready for bed when it was time. Cole and John had a sleep over upstairs, Cole was VERY happy!
Do the Friday dance!
"We should go have a look."
So here goes…I have melanoma. I had a new mole last May that I chalked up to a pregnancy granuloma which is completely common and completely normal. I did not think much about it until I started back to work this year and noticed when I cut it shaving that it had gotten significantly raised and wouldn’t stop bleeding. I was still lazy about getting it removed because I was busy with work, the kids, getting into a new groove, I didn’t know a good dermatologist. A whole bunch of crap excuses. Partly, I was afraid. I am a nurse, I am not stupid, and I knew the thing was WRONG!
Watched New Year's Eve today, which makes me pretty excited for New Year's, I think my outfit is sorted now so that's good! I feel like I should make some resolutions or something, but I never stick to them! Have you got any?
Colorado Mountain Winefest and Tour de Vineyards, September 13-16
*The wife having trouble delineating characters: “They all look the same. Disgusting.”
If you give people incentives and spend the money on proper training programs and make them feel important and valuable, then your employees might actually become important and valuable to your organization.
Cheese thief gets jail sentence
Monday - AI try to cover their tracks by deleting log files that Goth has already sent off network
on Broadway above the tunnel
Temp: 99.0
by Angela Daidone, Forbes
"Shot?" I repeat. Mrs BW looks up from her knitting. Concern etched across her face. "Alex says he's been shot" I tell her. Well there is no easy way. " He is at Buxton hospital." Jenson Button would have come second in the race to the door. She grabbed her car keys "I'll phone you when I get there" she says as she disappeared into the damp dark night.
Some of us grew up as athletes, amongst thin, athletic, small-breasted women and grew to like different physical traits than most guys. Like the tight calves of a runner. Or the strong thighs of a skier. Or the muscular stomach of a volleyball player. Maybe we know that having an athletic woman at your side means being more likely to live an adventurous and daring life. (Not just in the outdoors, but in the bedroom, too…)
2. Create a NEW blog posting with your creation for this C.S.D. challenge on your blog and tell your followers and readers about this challenge, the Blog Candy and our July sponsor, Ann Lenth, an Independant Memory Works Consultant. Don't forget to include a working link leading back to us. No Blog? That's cool! Just leave us a direct link to where it's posted online and/or email us your creation.
Yesterday evening, I sat for a while, watching Nathan's fingers dart quickly over the keyboard of my laptop as he wrote another of the pieces that keep us returning again and again to his blog. I sat for a while playing scrabble with Kelly, watching her cleverly crafting interlocking words from the most basic of letters. And as I did, I thought of another ritual that had once felt so comforting then somehow turned into a chore.
I asked my friend Miss Lauren, who knows me pretty well what she thought some of my values were and I must say she got most of them
Update - links:
Pelargonium x domesticum Graziosa ‘Royal Salmon’ – Also know as Pansy geraniums, this compact cultivar features deep salmon pink petals with shell pink edges and a darker maroon base with veining. Martha Washington geraniums prefer loose, well-drained soil and require cool evenings (50-60F) in order to set buds. Grows 15-18″ high. Tender Annual.
Roll up the beef slices and secure with kitchen string or wooden toothpicks.
NOTE 3: I4i Chairman Loudon Owen stated to Bloomberg News that Microsoft’s argument has a “simplistic appeal” that “does not take into consideration at all what the patent office actually does . . . What it’s going to result in is tremendous uncertainty for anyone who owns a patent . . . It would be a sea change in the operations of the patent office and would be a dramatic body blow to the health of the U.S. patent industry and the value of patents.”
I see that to be the case here. That is what is different with this type of man. He expects nothing. His joy is in the worship.
991 **D-X/26(A)/1987. “Character and Honor: A Bicentennial Review.” The University of Tennessee, Chattanooga, Tennessee. (Incorporated in Item C-1999(16), above, pp. 383-90.)
Who’s kidding whom.
Perhaps it has something to do with an exaggerated sense of diplomacy. Inherent in the give and take of energy is a kind of aggressive / submissive implication that maybe some people aren't comfortable with. So instead they utilize a very p.c. approach where it is encouraged that neither partner encroach on the others' self-sufficiency, at least to the degree to which it is possible to be unobtrusive. I think this may stem from our cultural ideal of individuality and self-reliance. And also, perhaps a heightened sensitivity to the notion of equality of the sexes and a subsequent aversion to well-defined "masculine" and "feminine" roles. And that aversion also seems to imply an aversion to the emotional character of the dance, the desire between man and woman (or between same sexes for those with that inclination), which results in a dance that may certainly be expressive and beautiful, but emotionally inert. But perhaps this is a line of thought that is veering off on a tangent from the topic of this post.
charging time frame
The Hunger Games trilogy has some fairly graphic violence, so I would be careful about letting a child under the age of eleven read it. However, there's so much benefit in this book, that parents should just use discretion. If you've got a good reader at home who is nine or ten, and you think he or she can handle some death and violence, let them read. Otherwise, there's no limit on who might enjoy these novels.
- costume designer
The very nature of effective leadership is seen in an understanding of the difference between “management” and “leadership.” They are often mistaken as one and the same, which they are not.
But the night is bright and cheery,
Stamps: Nature Walk
The flat red rock formations are starting to be apparent in the landscape...this is one of the reasons I've come here; to see the rock formations, take photos of them and possibly paint them when I get home...I want to feel the warming sun on my skin and watch and study the changes in light and shadow!
Who is it for? People who can read pretty well. Other than the cover art, there are no pictures. All the explanations are written clearly, and my very average-reading 4th grader says she had no difficulty understanding them. But you do need to be ready to tackle big words and gather useful information from your reading. Words like “epiclesis” and “anamnesis” have pronunciations (“ep-ih-CLEE-sis” and “an-am-NEE-sis”).
Ahh Chocolate: Welcome back to your warm embrace! Since March I’ve finished off three whole bars of cooking chocolate, a bag of chocolate chips, and some baking fudge. And all without doing any actual cooking.
British creators nominated for awards include Frank Quitely, 2000AD editor Matt Smith, Annie Parhouse, Jamie Grant and Richard Starkings.
Maybe a little too much.
The Biggest Chicken Casserole in the World sits on the kitchen unit, silently mocking me as I stand there, helpless in the face of its sheer immensity.
PROVERBS 10:27
eta: When I said no help with Em, I didn't mean from S. He is brilliant with her. The trouble is he's a teacher so I can't just ask him to take time off when I'm having a hard time. He's tried to be around as much as possible, but it's difficult. I just meant I don't have that much help outside S.
Carrie Ann told her her hard work is finally paying off – she sees the artistry. Len saw rotation, romance and control. Bruno said her extended lines were absolutely wonderful.
gledwood
New comparisons of pottery assemblages from the Marianas and the Philippines give strong support that Harvey and Ronald may have the same ancestors. Ronald’s forefathers travel 2,300 kms of open ocean to reach the Marianas most probably from the Northern Philippines - an epic voyage which is probably the longest during that time (between 1500 and 1400 BC). Putting it in the world’s timeline, the travel happened during the Late Bronze age when the Shang dynasty was ruling China, and the Hettite empire was reaching its height.
Strategic planning and strategic management can help you to determine your personal and business strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and strengths. Better known as your S.W.O.T. You must think in terms about what might go right and what might go wrong with your customers, employees, competitors, investors, regulations, your internal and external environments.This type of planning and management is you and your company’s way of defining your overall business management, long-term vision, mission, strategy, direction, objectives, goals and making decisions on allocating your resources to pursue your strategy.
A honeybee enjoys a ruffled cosmos flower.
sacrifice was home and the mark
So last night was the staff art show. It was wonderful.
Dirty Bastard
Con Heir
What’s wrong with me?
My husband was in the dining room watching some old western movie. I'm in the office. The rooms are on the same floor, but not visible to each other. I find myself listening to the music playing in the background of the movie. It's easier to do when you can't see the pictures. Before the electronic world evolved, producers used music to capture the "mood" of a scene. Old movies are filled with elaboratly composed songs - some even with words - and fabulous symphonic pieces. The notes roar or creep into the background, only to sneak away, unnoticed, when the acting takes center stage. Imagine being a studio musician and being given a movie score to perform. How disjointed and odd it must have been to perform without knowing the context of the scene where it would be used. How much music and song wound up on the cutting room floor. What talented musicians went unrecognized for their unbelievable performances in so many movies.
The two beverages that should be ingested are these... water and tea. THAT'S IT!
16. Slip stitch to center of chain, chain 4, treble crochet in space, chain 2, 2 treble crochet in same place to form cluster, *chain 2, in next space 2 treble crochet chain 2 2 treble crochet,* around, join to top of beginning chain 4.
1 manipulator
he's got the red, white, and blue flyin' high on the farm
and if you want to walk away I’ll walk with you,
Beth LaFontaine-Keegan, Finance Manager for Samaritan’s Purse Japan, shares her thoughts: Usually I like to sit outside with a cup of coffee in the morning. Yesterday (Sunday) though, it was very cold. It doesn’t seem like it’s been a year already.
Day by day this community, these gun people, bult me up.
1950s dress (vintage shop, reduced price because it needed some TLC), 1950s petticoat (St. Mary's vintage market), feather fascinator (Ebay), metallic T-bars and brooch (charity shops), sequin clutch bag (gift from Funky Diva Helga), faux pearls (swap prize from sweet Squirrel Vanessa)
(I heart my MacBook.)
So I have already ordered this....
2. Sit somewhere comfortable. Lying down is not a good idea, or you will likely fall asleep.
I don't have a photo of the test for the test hydrogen, but we did the experiment quite a few times and got several "pop"s.We found that you need to be pretty quick getting the flame into the hydrogen to get a pop.
Man is by nature an inquisitive being, and when there’s nothing exiting going on in their lives they will soon find something fascinating to occupy and entertain their minds with. Our primitive ancestors also displayed these exact same qualities, hence when night time came, they looked for other activities to keep themselves busy. Besides storytelling around fires, and the natural pleasures of sexual indulgence with the madam, man must have also speculated how to improve their calendars, and/or astronomical observatories. “Come guys, let’s study that group of twinkling stars up there, and see if we cannot incorporate them somehow into our dreary lives; maybe we’ll discover something new!”
One night I did exactly that. It’s been about 2 years now since all of this crap, and I honestly forget the conversation that pushed me over the edge. After about 3 months of this fling, I got up, picked up my high heels, and rushed for the door. I think I had found out I was just a penny in
With boots of rubber
“True enough,” Pappy spat tobacco juice off the porch and into the dirt near the steps. “Either way, we best be getting ourselves prepared.”
But it is among the poor where freedom is defined, not the rich, and freedom is definitely on the decline for the poor. It should not be possible to work a full time job and be forever trapped in poverty, but that’s what we have. This is the sign of a modern semi-serfdom, not freedom, not democracy.
Nominate those 15 bloggers for the Versatile Blogger Award.
Giving the gift of Scentsy will remind her each day how special she is by filling her home with the fragrance your sure she will love! To ensure your package arrives on time I would order no later then May 7th. Contact me for specials not listed on my website.
He said opposition’s attempts to smear Najib in the coming general election is visible as he is going all out to regain lost ground in Pakatan Rakyat-led states, particularly Selangor and Perak.
A little over ten years ago an interesting research study relating to the application of hypnotherapy in the treatment of colitis was published which did not receive much publicity. It was a controlled study involving 266 patients which found that hypnotherapy and psychotherapy techniques can significantly improve the results obtained through conventional treatment of colitis (i.e.. drugs, diet and surgery.) the researchers found that many chronic diarrhoeal disorders such as colitis and crohn’s disease are very much influenced by stress and emotional conflicts (e.g.. depression, mental lability and anorexia), and they found that dealing with those stresses and anxieties through hypnotherapy and psychotherapy resulted in significant improvements in the conditions of the patients. Whilst the researchers did not suggest that these mind therapies should substitute other forms of treatment, they did demonstrate that psychotherapy and hypnotherapy could augment the effects of other therapies and should be considered for patients suffering from colitis and associated diseases who do not respond well to conventional treat.
I then feel a hand strike me around the back of the head.
One of the nicest things about doing this is re-reading all the thoughtful messages you've received from friends and family. And if you do it now, you'll be ready for next year! (Don't be upset if you see your card made into a gift tag. That means I thought it was really pretty!)
5. Crossing the Threshold
