When these chickens became a regular feature in our lives, I was sometimes at a loss as to what to do with the remainders. When I stop to consider why we buy them at all, I realize it’s because of my energy-killing fibromyalgia. In the case of food shopping, if I’m to be included in the trip - or, gasp! actually drive myself to the grocery store - I have to figure out some work-around which still allows us to eat that evening, once we’ve acquired next week’s victuals and stored them away..
To tell the truth, I don't use DJ Intelligence's database in my own DJ business -- I compile my own song lists targeted to my clients and reflecting my own musical knowledge, and I have other ways of soliciting my clients' musical input. But I'd be a fool to ignore their charts entirely . . . and my Mama didn't raise no fool.
The review, funded by the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, was published Tuesday by the Psychological Bulletin.
I like this shade of pink with my coloring. I've worn it all my life, and I'm still wearing it. I've read several articles that say pink, or bright pink, or sometimes even all bright, saturated colors become less flattering or "too young" on women as we age, and that most of us will need to start wearing pastel versions of colors as we get into our forties and fifties.
"This tolling project will impose an indirect cost on the economy via the associated strikes and will impose a direct cost by increasing transport costs," he said.
Me: “When Jesus responded to his disciples as to why he spoke to the people in parables what he said was that there were spiritual things that had been made known to the disciples that the people couldn’t grasp so in order to make the truth comprehensible to the common man Jesus chose to convey it through parables. Jesus goes on to say that though some may encounter the truth they will be unable to comprehend it entirely, in some cases that even the true and righteous wouldn’t be able to grasp it.” J, you are not responding to what I am saying. Jesus talked in parables to try and convey certain things, okay. Talking in metaphors to show a comparison. God straight up said that rabbits chew their own cud, that bats are birds, that whales are fish, that pi is a round number. Jesus admitted that what he was saying was a parable. He said, “Yes, I’m talking in parables.” Paraphrasing of course. Nowhere in the Old Testament does God say, “Hey, I’m talking in parables here too when I say that pi is not 3.141592654… and instead is just 3, or that bats are actually birds.” God could explain how bats are mammals with just flaps of skin that allow them to fly, but he would rather say that they’re birds, because the people who are supposed to spread his word as 100% truth that is infallible, are stupid mother f**kers that don’t know anything. God would rather give desert nomads, who didn’t even have any form of writing at the time, knowledge that is supposed to be shared with the rest of the world, instead of the Chinese, who at the time, had a formal language and writing system. They had a civilisation of millions of people with river transportation and much more. But no, rather have these illiterate barbarians spread his word that everyone must believe in or burn forever. Doesn’t make much sense.
Jay Lake – Fat Man
Rosenberg’s responses generated strong criticism from Chronicle readers, prompting the professor to recently post an item wondering why no one had defended the stance he took. (I can’t imagine why . . . ) He added, however, the following paragraph.
He enters heaven by prayer
This is extremely similar to the hit Jean-Francois Jacques laid on R.J. Umberger, and Jacques received a three game suspension from Shanahan. It should be noted that Jacques was a repeat offender and Chris Neil is not, but how does that suddenly determine who should and should not be disciplined? If a guy makes a dirty play, why does it matter if it is on a star player, or if he is a repeat offender or if the guy that got hit was injured? A dirty play is a dirty play and there needs to be consistency in the suspension and the fining of players. Shanahan was one of my favorite players when I was growing up, but he has done an absolute garbage job with disciplining players.
They allowed me to take a quick shower to take all the electrode glue out of my hair. It would take me several days to completely get it out.
"As you know, we had an incident with Oscar yesterday and I just wanted to make sure you know exactly what happened."
gimme three steps kind of
Enter Homeschool Library Builder-- it's my latest rush. It's the online version of thrift store book shopping. They even have $1 bargain bins! You can browse their shelves by new arrivals, by seasonal titles, by age, etc. Or-- and this is remarkable-- you can search by curriculum. For example, our family relies heavily on Sonlight's booklist suggestions, though we don't order direct from Sonlight. At Homeschool Library Builder, you can actually search "Sonlight 2" and bingo-- numerous titles for next school year for less $$. They also carry rare and out of print books. I am very pleased by their large, twaddle free selection of living books. I have already placed one order and will definitely be using HSLB again and again.
“A decision to use destructive force pre-emptively will be taken if the situation worsens,” Russian Chief of General Staff Nikolai Makarov said at an international missile-defense conference in Moscow attended by senior U.S. and NATOofficials.
Outer Blown Diffuser – Solution
Cover with a lid and bake at 200 °C/gas mark 5-6 for 15 – 20 minutes.
Michael turned 11 years old yesterday - I cannot believe that my little boy is 11 already! He's almost as tall as me now. We've planned a slumber party and trip to the local water park for next week. He's very excited :)
I love to shop. I do. Now that I've bested my eating disorder and given up soda, I will absolutely admit that I could easily go to the dark side of retail and develop an addiction.
My lover is to me a sachet of myrrh
running everywhere
Don't forget about the blog hop on the 21st. Giveaways and so much more to come!
Serve on its own or toasted and buttered (with Olivani, our dairy free spread!)
I will post some of my wishes, dreams and more in my next post.
My husband and I have been wanting to get my daughter her own playhouse so this came at the perfect time. The box arrived and I'll warn you, it's pretty big and weighs 61 pounds! Thank goodness my husband was home to carry it inside because I would not have been able to do it! My daughter Maggie saw the big box and the picture of what was inside it and she wanted it set up right away (and she's not even 2 yet!). To say she was really excited is an understatment!! Unfortunately for her it was nap time so we told her that it would have to wait. She took an extremely short nap (we're wondering if she just couldn't sleep because she was so excited,) and an hour later she came downstairs asking about it. We left the big box in the entry way of our townhouse and just carried the pieces up to the main level of our house.
With no perceptible effort, he adjusted to my unexpected foot position and danced on as though this was exactly what he'd intended all the time. He squeezed my shoulders and remarked, with a smile in his voice, "Nice improvisation!"
Now this was definitely my favourite feature, beating both the church and the kindergarten:
We tried it outside on a rainy day. Man, was it popular. Kids crowded around the large cork board to get their turn. Fortunately, we also have a fairly large collection of decorative cork board squares that I salvaged from the walls of my daughter's old bedroom, which we put on a table top. Charlotte's mom Amanda took to referring to those as the "horizontal," as opposed to the the larger "vertical," alternative, slipping in a nice pair of vocabulary words, in context.
And this is my favourite. I've done this one for the bathroom as I've just bought towels, curtains and accessories in burnt orange and pear green, not from the charity shops,lol.
6 tbsp Cream of Tartar
MANNY: We shared stories about unicorns. It was great.
And the winner of the great audiobook Abigail Adams Her Letters is SheralHen!! Congratulations, SheralHen! I'll be emailing you soon.
* Hi Philip and welcome to tall tales & short stories.
This list of recommended reads is full of color, humor, and story. The whole idea is to make writing fun for kids. Yes, even grammar and punctuation. If we can wrap Language Arts lessons into a positive experience, young writers are bound to blossom. But, these aren't only for elementary school kids. Writers of all ages can benefit.
(well actually 5 if you count our golden retriever ellie who is also a girl)...
After the museum we engaged in much shopping. Shopping is honestly not my favorite thing but Joel needed some nice work clothes for his new job. I rather needed a new purse as well. We strolled the streets of Seattle and found some perfect items for both of us.
and maybe even better than before!!
Day 30 – Cardio and Balance and Agility. Cardio was replaced with unpacking my car (I only unpacked the essentials the night before). My heart rate did get up, but probably not as much and for as long as it should have. Balance and agility was done on my own carpet. PRAISE IT BE!!! I believe I complained before that at my parents, exercising on their carpet was like exercising on hardwood floor. Well my carpet is nice and comfy. No sore knees or wrists yesterday. I didn’t even mind all the lunges! Or the gorilla squats or alligator crawls. I was just so happy being in my own living room working out on my own floor! No carpet burn either!
The Jabberwock, with eyes of flame,
Karna is a serious and thoughtful man. When he speaks it’s for a reason. He thinks the consequences of his actions carefully but when done, his resolve is the hardest thing to change. For him honour is everything. He will kill anyone who makes him lose his honour, or even risks doing that. He is very dedicated to family, clan, and the old Zabraki way that is dominant in Routakoto. he has never been off-planet.
positive mindset, no obstacle will present any serious problem at all.
In almost every facet of U.S. government regulatory agencies, there is so much corruption and so-called “bed sharing” between the industries these agencies are supposed to be preserving the public’s interest and thus regulating, and the agencies themselves. And, although one could, unfortunately, look at almost any agency and see the systemic breakdown, the tragic use of these agencies to further financial profit, the corruption, I will be looking at the relationship between the F.D.A., the pharmaceutical industry, the rise of chronic mental illness, the debilitating effects of so many virtually untested psychiatric drugs that make one pine for the legalization of heroin, because at least we would know what we were getting into.
Siding is a royal pain in the ****, particularly when windows and electrical panels are in the way it means you have to measure everything EXACTLY or you just ruined and expensive piece of Hardie cement siding. As you can imagine this takes forever and there’s lots of measuring and double checking and measuring again before you even cut and then you have to fit the damn thing which requires two bodies and a large home-built scaffold apparently! We did purchase a nail gun for this job but Jon seemed happier hammering nails in to secure the siding so I think that’s one tool that might be going back (hooray as its starting to look like a mini Home depot in our pool house).
Dump for your personal reading, if not for your church book club or any Christian education class from high school and up. In particular, if you are in a denomination that talks about the conservatism of the churches in Africa, this book is for you and yours. What does it mean to be the body of Christ with limbs across the world? A body with limbs that are dying from AIDS, TB, and malnutrition? A body that is schizophrenic about social issues and divides against itself? We cannot undo that we have been made one in Christ because it was not our doing. Thus, we are God’s mission- a mission of relationship and reconciliation. The goal of that mission for us, according to Zink, is to learn to spot grace. Everywhere. Even at the dump.
Crist lays out Wertham's impressive credentials and case histories involving juvenile crime and the reading of comic books, conceding a distinction that while every child who read comic books didn't go on to perform violent acts, all juveniles who "do" perform violent acts read comic books. If comic book reading was causing a population increase in juvenile crime, then my big question to the society of the 1940's is where were the parents?
Not all city parks close at 1:00 AM or earlier. Although there are some contrary indications on the web, if you call the Parks Department as I did you will discover that Central Park doesn’t close at night although certain sections like the zoo and playgrounds do. If Central Park did close at 1:00 AM then Mr. Bloomberg’s quote in Mr. Flegenheimer’s article that Ms. Taylor walks Bonnie and Clyde in Central Park at 1:00 AM would mean she was breaking the rules.
Meaning: Of the mind, intellect
The sound of the ocean
So we're basically out $900 for a brand new steam washer/dryer set. Not too shabby!
In the meantime, I was informed about what to expect given different outcomes of the examinations.
I'd never heard of this book - nor of Michael Morpurgo - until I worked at the Edinburgh Book Festival a couple of years ago. I'm not sure why such a prolific and popular author passed me by when I was little (some of my co-workers at the EBF were horrified by this), so I review this entirely as an adult.
Protests appeared to be peaceful there were only five arrests during early events. This was in stark contrast to previous Occupy marches that have typically ended in scuffles with the police and mass arrests.
Well, a discussion this week on the public radio program On Point seems to confirm not only that there is a marriage gap, but that the gap is based on socio-economics. Three scholars break down in clear detail how income impacts marriage. One African American scholar, Ronald Mincy, looks at the impact on African Americans in particular. Listen to this excellent discussion here. (Use the RealPlayer Audio Option). I'm one of those people who can't afford it....and can't afford to date or to even think about it.
A foreland, sloped to sea and overgrown with roses?
The beautiful dps are from Close to my Heart. I used the Sizzix Crown die and embossed it with The Paper Studio Mesh Embossing Folder. Then I rubbed Walnut Stain Distress Ink over the edges and top of the crown. I covered the entire crown in Stardust Stickles and outlined the edges with Gold Stickles. I also covered the Fleur-de-lis and Cross with Gold Stickles. The blue pearl and blue & clear rhinestones came from my stash. The large cream pearls are from Recollections.
There is few labeled test points on the power supply side of the board. I started testing the resistance of the 12V, 5V and 3.3V test points to ground. As you can see from attached pictures, the 5V and 3.3V lines showed healthy looking numbers, and I would think they are good. 5V line was 500 ohms and 3.3V line was 310 ohms. The problem is at 12V line, it is shorted to ground. As you can see, there is diode, two ceramic caps, and three electrolytic caps on the 12V feed, so I would guess some of them is faulty. The diode would be the first suspect, it measures close to 0 ohms both ways, so it is clearly faulty.
One of Simpson’s purses Monday is QVC’s Today’s Special Value, a $60 satchel that is vinyl, not leather. There is also a TSV Special from Simpson’s line, $84 suede scrunch boots. But when Reilly asked the singer about the boots, Simpson she usually wears high heels, and asked her mom to talk up the boots.
It was similar to having an eating disorder. There’s an old saying among writers: you read and you read, and then one day you throw up a book. So to purge myself, I decided to write one, too. About a troubled teen angel named Griffin, and his steadfast father-mentor, Basil.
These two have gotten in more trouble then they ever have and every 5 minutes someone was hurt and crying. Needless to say... holy moly what a week it's been. I gave them things to do and we went to visit fun places. So it's not like they were bored. I'm a 100% believe that when kids get in trouble...they just need something to keep them busy. However this last week it didn't matter what I tried, they still fought and got in big trouble all week long.
He faced me, and I gasped. His eyes resembled a starless night, deep and endless. Their intensity drilled through me without pity, seeming to expose all my secrets. I felt naked and flustered beneath his gaze.
Cadmium red.
We had lettuce.
Has anyone noticed the problem with this argument? The American Revolution was a bourgeois democratic revolution waged to win independence from a Colonial power. It was indeed facilitated by the intervention of other Colonial powers, though it has to be said that in Libya, the main military force was provided by Imperialism with its massive bombing campaign, the modern weapons provided to the rebels, and the the Special Forces from Britain, France, Jordan and Qatar, it has now been confirmed have been fighting alongside the rebels on the ground. In the American Revolutionary War, it was the American rebels who provided most of the military might. But, this is rather besides the point. Ismail seems to forget exactly when this Revolution took place. It took place in the late 18th Century when not only was Socialist Revolution not on the agenda, but even in Britain there was not even a sizeable working-class that could have carried through such a revolution. Even less was that a possibility in America, even less was it possible to rely on an international Labour Movement coming to their assistance!
From Vicki: This is one of the good self-published novels out there. Sure, it isn’t perfect (but plenty of traditionally-published books aren’t either), but it was a fun story that would absolutely appeal to kids. And it wasn’t riddled with easily fixed mistakes to drag down the narrative. I do wonder what the sales were like considering that I can’t get my middle-grade reader to read ebooks yet. Maybe over a school break when he doesn’t have to bring his book to school every day.
Paul learned to quit tantruming (yes, another homemade word). The wrestling match was no more. Either way, he was okay.
Catelynn: "Okay, mom..." (This is when Catelynn tries to diffuse the situation.)
Ok. Something new. That’s cool. The question is if other ketchup is available. If you’re not expecting it, the change can be a bit of a paradigm shift and not all may like it.
Again no theme, just things I saw on the day….
The goal is to find peace Wrapped up in our minds
Ladies and Gents I give to you my nomination for beer of the year: Cascade Maker's Mark Single Barrel (Straight) Bourbonic. Cascade Barrel House tapped it last night as part of their "Tap It Tuesday" program. Last night my buddy Marc and I made out to the Barrel House to try this amazingly balanced and tasty beer. If you live here in Portland and haven't been to Tap It Tuesday you owe it to yourself to go! They usually have the barrel on for at least a week (I think, maybe 2). Get down there and try it! What a great Christmas present from Cascade to the patrons of the Barrel House!
The inquiry called on the government to back moves for stronger filters of adult content and also recommended that the government appoint an internet safety tsar.
Cauliflower
You belong here if … the excuse, “My printer’s out of ink and I don’t have any Tiger Dollars,” is an acceptable reason not to turn in your homework.
The mounted image was then positioned in the centre and the sentiment at the bottom on the right hand side. I then cut out two swirls (which I have had for quite awhile) from the same purple card and these were positioned both sides of the image, I also used some of the left over paper (I actually printed out a second one) and with one of my rolled flower dies I created a flower for the top left hand corner which has been attached to the card with silicone glue on top of punched out leaves. The last flourish is the flower buttons that have had some ribbon threaded through the holes and tied in knots, these were stuck in the top let hand corner.
The traditional Minis sole:
It most certainly does. But that is not the whole story – there is more to it.
murder mystery —- then the
It only stands to reason that these athletes would have "always" been good at what they do/did - that's how they got to be "professionals" in the first place. The use of statements decrying how good an athlete has always been, as proof that they didn't need "drugs" is a Red Herring that draws away from the real issue.
19.) “Fake it till you make it.”
It’s so important to change your outlook and learn to focus on what’s really important. Learn to focus only on the things that will bring money to you and your business for years to come.
The work was already going on in and through my Body. It consciously took over from MOTHER in 1993 and started the initiations of the CELLS or cellular level for getting the matter moving, for its destination of the New Species – New Race.
The use of plain-clothes thugs is a well-worn tactic by the authorities, he adds.
Some observers say Mr. Kadyrov’s attempt to impose Islamic law violates the Russian Constitution, which guarantees equal rights for women and a separation of church and state.
But now he could only stare, could only concentrate on the fundamental act of breathing in and out until the scene unfolded… till he could… till he…
where I used to run
I love clothes that have a timeless look.
Based on Indonesiabonds.com reports lately, there are at least eight Indonesia-based companies taking bonds issuance approach within the second half of this year. They are Medco Energi International, Sarana Bina Alam Semesta, Agung Podomoro Land, Perusahaan Listrik Negara (PLN), Fast Food Indonesia, Alam Sutera Realty, Aneka Tambang and Perkebunan Nusantara II (PTPN II).
He’s hinting not so subtly that ex-girlfriend Rihanna might appear on the track.
“Hello,” again a strange voice on the line. “Is your refrigerator running?”
B is at the pool, 5 whole nights a week,
Our group included our second principal at the junior high where we began, a school nurse, the textbook clerk from her high school and an assortment of teachers we met and worked with during our early years at the junior high. The group still meets today, only just twice a year now, and, sadly, its numbers continue to diminish.
I love it when, unbeknown to me, I do something that fits right in with a card challenge. Last night I was cleaning up my stamp area by using up scraps (yes, every once in a great while I actually DO clean!), and I made this card:
In June 2008, a simultaneous suicide bombing destroyed five buses in Copenhagen, killing 68 people and wounding 174. Though condemned by all prominent Muslim groups in Denmark, opinion polls made it clear that a significant fraction of Muslims in the country sympathized with the bombers, who had issued martyrdom videos saying that the Danish presence in Iraq and Afghanistan and the MCC had left Muslims ‘no option’ but to strike back. In a pattern seen in the UK after the 7/7 bombings there, Muslim groups became more confident than ever in pressing their demands for concessions of various sorts. Insisting that, however terrible the bombings might have been, they would not stop until Muslims felt their grievances against the Danish state had been addressed, Muslim advocacy groups pushed forward with a series of initiatives designed to drive foreign and domestic policies in directions considered more amenable to Islamic mores.
Some of the things that I loved about the film; They used sounds to create moments. It didn’t rely on special effects to grab your attention. The violent scenes were in a blurry state, as if the camera couldn’t focus. It also had strong characters that you cheered or booed for. I gotta give props to the screen writers for their work.
Turning off the television,
Orange Basil Cookies
This is a good strategy for website owners because everyone likes a pat on the back and so visitors keep coming back to their website for the rewards and little treats. As they say in website terminology it makes the site more 'sticky' and more visitors equals a bigger audience share and more revenue.
If you have never been to Lafayette’s art walk, make plans to go next month – you’ll meet a lot of fascinating people and see some amazing art.
We stayed home all day.
Browned ground beef or turkey, if you just gotta have some meat
A few days later, Shi saw the spirit of Huida coming over to rebuke him saying, “I funded your visit to the capital. Instead of being grateful, you slandered me and had me killed. How could you treat me like that?” Huida jumped over and seized him. Shi died a few days later.
During the quiet times that Girlie and I exchange what we feel about the death of Nanay Nene and Boy Morales, I experience the truth of a prison aphorism: “Sorrow shared is sorrow divided.” Can I say the same of the second part of the aphorism: “Joy shared is joy multiplied”?
So - how does this relate to dressage? I am struggling to learn how to ride. Gently, tactfully, effectively, graciously. At the moment (for the foreseeable future) my focus is the basics. Balance, contact, consistency. The training pyramid. It doesn't always make for super interesting blogging. The pace of progress seems glacial.
I believe the idea is to post 5 little-known facts about yourself, and then tag
All photos: Enrico Nawrath / Bayreuther Festspiele
My apologies for posting so late, I've been side tracked with summer and life! I'm still adjusting!
live and leave gracefully.....
super nana is our ONLY daughter and married to mr. matrix
Among the mutineers, we had Zaba Maledza, who was named Muzorewa, after a notorious traitor in Zimbabwe; Sidwell Moroka, named Dolinchek, after a Yugoslav mercenary involved in a coup attempt in the Seychelles; and Maxwell Moroaledi, named Mgoqozi, a Zulu name for an instigator.
Bellilin Bellilin Bellilin,
But fear not, the hatred between you and the crazy fuck up will ensure that you will not have to share too much time with her. And it will be a source of anger with your girlfriend why “you two just can’t get along.” Uhhh, that’s okay. I don’t hang out with crazy.
Presumably like most other news desks in the city, mine wanted firstly to find out the identity of heckler - and then what his story was. As I was driving in to work the following morning, I was frantically wracking my brains, wondering how I would find him.
On the post-it pad, I wasn't sure what to do, because the pad had some funky colors on it. Luckily I found a MME paper pad of mine, I think it's called Oo La La, that seemed to be a pretty close match! I Crocheted a flower, and added: baker's twine, bling, pin, and plastic roses. I like the way her red hair stands out!
It sounds kind of complaining-like, I know. And it is, I suppose. And I know there are those of you out there who cannot fathom not wanting to spend every single moment listening to your precious little angels read out loud as the minutes tick away all too quickly until they are done. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I love to listen to my children read to me too. I do. But they aren't huge readers! Let's see - One out of the three absolutely detests reading, another one tolerates it and the third, well who doesn't love their mom reading them new library books every night for 16 minutes? So "I love to read" month at Chez Weed is more like "let's fight about the same thing every single night month" and believe me, throwing in the towel is looking pretty good.
8. Sparkle and Shyne
Ashley became so depressed she could not remember her own name most days, and refusing to speak to her parents, for fear they would control her life, she sank into an abyss deeper than most of us could imagine. After several years, the man who claimed to be caring for her was arrested for his crimes, and it was weeks before Ashley realised he had not been around. Needing food and more drugs, she left her hovel to seek him out. She did not find him, instead she found another like him, though he was far worse – he beat her until she was near death. Fearing he had killed her, he dumped her on the roadside and drove away.
Anarchist groups such the “hacktivist” organization, Anonymous – known for utilizing the internet for social justice purposes will be “undoubtedly” in attendance “causing website mischief,” a problem that Zoufal and many city officials are particularly worried about regarding the city of Chicago’s overall safety.
He goes before us, preparing the way and even preparing our hearts for what is in store. He does not leave us, He does not turn away. He remains. He provides. He has called us His own, and His children whom He will not forsake. Though we grieve His precious heart with our wandering eyes and our unbelieving, rebellious hearts; still He pursues, and woos, and calls out for our return to Him.
Level 10: MP Cost: 30, Damage: 340%, Attacks up to 6 enemies.
She sat up and stretched and he took another and furtively put his phone away. She
As my comment was becoming an essay, and it's a worthy topic for us all, I decided to respond here.
At the aid station between miles 6 and 7 I took my Shot Bloks and drank some water. I then powered up some short hills and started playing mind games with myself. "When I get to mile 7 then it's just one more to mile 8. And then I only have one more mile before I have to pick it up for the finish."
The blue/grey card is from my stock but was purchased from the papermill.
I’m not doing well tonight (obviously). I wish that the eternal sunshine of the spotless mind was reality. If I could erase him then I could spare myself the torture that this heartbreak is causing. Every time I put my son to bed I switch of from happy, caring mummy mode and thoughts spin through my head. I’m having trouble eating and I can’t fall asleep. I don’t know what to do.
Michael Curtis Fiore, 46, New York, N.Y.
I am looking at this place, New Mexico, that I now call home. Through the pottery and the weavings of Mexico, that has a strong influence of place over this land.
Now the UN and WEDO (Women’s Environment and Development Organisation) claim global warming is devastatingly gender sensitive. WEDO even claims global warming causes sexually transmitted diseases and its effects are gender differentiated against women. Women are being hit hardest by global warming and in greater danger of death by global warming.
This album is chock full of reworked hits and some new songs. Most notable is “new breed of Godz.” This killer track sounds like a freight train smashing right out of the 80’s and into the modern world. I would argue that these guys made a decision to recreate that sound rather than jump on the digital bandwagon of the age.
Re-reading any book from a distance of 30 years is interesting, particularly since I am now an author myself and my Muse has developed a sharp critical horn. So it is a testament to Anne McCaffrey’s warm characters and imaginative storylines that sentences such as: “Resentment replaced the sense of loss as Jaxom found himself, loyal to Robinton’s precepts, trying to rationalize this wave of unpalatable reflection” melt seamlessly into the story, and I can honestly say I didn’t notice it when I devoured this book as a teenager!
‘Public violence’ charges against Delft AEC member and two others get thrown out of court
If the cartoon didn't make you laugh, these should:
Online college degree can help you net the most interesting job around. Jobs now a day involve a lot of traveling within the county as well as international travel. Traveling to other places and seeing new faces and cultures is an interesting experience that teaches you a lot about life.
According to US One Direction's lawyer Peter Ross, Cowell’s company should have known better than to bring the UK band to America as One Direction, since he claims UK One Direction was made aware of the US One Direction when it attempted to file its US trade mark application. He is quoted in numerous sources as saying 'Rather than change their name or do anything to avoid confusion or avoid damage to our goodwill, they chose to press ahead and come on their tour'. As proof of the confusion, US One Direction pointed to a recent segment on NBC's Today Show where the UK One Direction was shown, but accompanied accidentally by music from the US One Direction.
whether fear whispers your name or screams its threats, stand strong, beloved, for underneath are the everlasting arms, strengthening and holding you, fighting for you and declaring victory over you. Be strong and of good courage, for God has promised NEVER to leave or forsake you. And that’s a promise you can believe in.
So he tied a pack of darts on his back,
MHC’s trademark of short chapters, cliff-hanger endings, well defined characters and gripping plot deliver yet another interesting read.
1 boundaries
David Hornblow / post modern girl / 35
I’m taking a Project Management course at work an it’s been helpful not just for my day job, but also my life. Am I assessing the risk of the projects I take on? Do I have backup plans? Have I considered all possible outcomes? Nope.
I want to be an “even when” Christian.
Then there’s the other Rick, Rick Santorum. Jesus seems to like Ricks. Maybe that’s what’s happening; Jesus has got drunk in heaven and started roaring out, Rick for President, as a joke and every Tom, Dick and Harry who’s called Rick thinks that Jesus means him. (Apart from Michele Bachman, but her husband, Markus, has probably been taking his inspiration from the priestly caste snob in The Life of Brian who claims during the crucifixion, “I’m Rick and so is my wife!”)
- Knowing Johnny Depp was at the same restaurant I was at.... the day before I was there. To some this is awesome, but to me it's just a big fat FAIL
Brazil by The Asylum Street Spankers
Cara: First draft. It kills me. I may know exactly what I want to write, and I’ll have the outline sitting there next to me, but getting it on paper feels like I’m literally pulling the gray matter of my brain out between my ears.
Adam considered Eve responsible and in fact he made an interesting comment: The woman you put here with me! I do read between the lines that Adam indirectly complained to God about giving him that woman…
Once through customs, Richard sees Isabella. She cannot resist being at the airport. She is confident and smiling, Richard knows something is wrong. As he looks around him he can see police coming toward him. There is no time for him to think, nowhere to run. Savoring in his downfall she watches with satisfaction when the police escort him away.
Larry Levis – The Dollmaker’s Ghost
Because of it, I thrashed about desperately, looking for true love among humans. I was starved for love. There was never enough, because there was a gaping ulcer in my stomach from the acid of cruelty. Everything gushed out of me just as quickly as it came in, because no one gave me the sealant and the healing balm that would close up the wound. Proper doctrine, rules, and regulations could not help me. Without the love aspect, it was futile to fight against my own anger and bitterness. I needed to understand the love of God and receive the Holy Ghost which Jesus called “the Comforter.”
Lewis William Kley (1891-1963), husband of Mary Susan Howard.
Yet another human is claiming to be on speaking terms with extra-terrestrials. Mr Simon Parkes, an English town councillor, says his real mother is a green life-form, 9 feet tall with a stick-like figure, big eyes and tiny nostrils. Not a bad-looking female by the sound of it. Big eyes and tiny nostrils are better than tiny eyes and big nostrils, as any visitor to Impfondo “horsey-face” menagerie will confirm.
“Don’t lie to me. You put down twenty-three plates at the Marriott seafood buffet on Monday. I counted. And what about the Super Stuffer at the Hilton on Tuesday? The Noodle Extravaganza at Big Noi’s on Wednesday? Wang’s Thursday All-You-Can-Eat?”
Team sports changed my life. I was always a tomboy. I had two brothers to compete with for my dad’s attention. He admired a game well-played and taught us a lot about practicing and playing with good sportsmanship. Before we could play with our friends at the pool, he made us swim laps to become better swimmers. At the time, it didn’t seem fair and frankly…a pain in the ass, but today, I’m glad. It started something that followed me to boarding school where I played field hockey, speedball, soccer, softball, volleyball and ran track on a club team in college.
To make the ears out of pie crust I cut out a small triangle and just gave it a bit of a bend in the middle. I placed on the granola and pressed a little bit on the top of the ear. When it cooks it will stick together.
Rose 'Harlow Carr' and Geranium 'Rozanne' look so pretty together. I keep missing a good time to get more of this flower bed. There is a hardy fuchsia and Heuchera 'Crimson Curls' blooming with these two and it looks so pretty.
Well, I won’t say I did all 21 days, which is okay because that wasn’t my expectation. Neither will I say that I necessarily practiced the day’s lesson on the day it was released. Instead, a missed day would lead me to practice two or three lessons in one day. This meant that I enjoyed two or three savasanas and a fairly varied class. I did get a little frustrated practicing while watching the computer and squeezed into a space too small, but, eh, whatever.
I know what you’re thinking – you know where this peeve is headed… $5 coffees, yada, yada. No, you’re wrong. It doesn’t matter these days where you go, a regular old cup of Joe is going to be completely overpriced at $.25 an ounce. Me pissed off at the corporate-ness of it all? No, wrong again. Remember, I’m a PC-free personality. If you have it and I want it, I don’t really care who had to die/work in a sweatshop/leave their family in another country to make it.
Joan and Frank are currently taking steps to address the problem, but they need some time to figure out how to best deal with the situation.
Jeff Jarrett interrupts him, and Jeff actually gets some boos. The truth is Nash is all BS. It’s always been about “Big Sexy” Kevin Nash. That is never going to change. As far as Sting goes, he can go backstage, open up the closet door and let the skeletons out and tell us what Sting really is like. There are a locker full of guys that are sick and tired of Nash and Sting. The company is much better off since Hogan and Bischoff came to the company. In honor of both Bischoff and Hogan, he is going to grab a chair and beat down both of them.
even entered isabel in a doggie fashion show at the ymca!
In 1978, Weight Watchers was acquired by the H.J. Heinz Company (which, in 'Mad Men' continuity, has been a most frustrating client for our favorite ad staff) who would mass produce Weight Watchers frozen foods.
* highly platform and configuration dependent.
“She thinks her marital status isn’t anybody else’s business. She’s a bit eccentric. Is there a problem, doctor?”
Israelis are also showing themselves to be tone-deaf on another international relations issue: the Egyptian presidential elections.
Wanted to do more writing, but I'm in a bit of a fog right now from analgesics and lack of sleep. Just the little jottings I did today made me feel like I have just finished rewriting War and Peace Any ranting will have to wait until I'm feeling a little better. Right now I'm too tired to be pissed off at anyone.
Would you recommend entering competitions, attending a writing course?
Now certainly all would agree that child predators are our enemy. What does Jesus say about our enemies? Matthew 5:43-45 (NKJV) "You have heard that it was said, 'You shall love your neighbor and hate your enemy.' But I say to you, love your enemies, bless those who curse you, do good to those who hate you, and pray for those who spitefully use you and persecute you, that you may be sons of your Father in heaven; for He makes His sun rise on the evil and on the good, and sends rain on the just and on the unjust.” In Proverbs 25:21-22 (NKJV) he says this: “If your enemy is hungry, give him bread to eat; And if he is thirsty, give him water to drink; For so you will heap coals of fire on his head, And the Lord will reward you.”
The City Destroyer - Norvell Page
As all parents know, children lucky enough to be blessed with early-onset corpulence have this gift bestowed upon them by the Screaming Phantom of Childhood Obesity. The Phantom (above) steals into a child’s bedroom in the dead of night, force-feeds it goose fat until it is morbidly obese and then screams and screams and screams and screams and screams into its terrified, overweight face.
Some lucky reader will win a $10 Starbucks gift card from yours truly. Here's what you have to do:
@special1004: @AllRiseSilver Ah ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ Oh yes, it’s that 100 weeks ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋYou should tell it in Arabic numberㅋㅋㅋ
With this ...
There is something plain invigorating about going out after a long day inside and exploring. It was a beautiful day as me and a friend went out to a spot I had found a few weeks back. It was a capsized boat.
their vertebrae squashing ferns as they lie back
webstore. They are located in the middle of the Netherlands.
3:34 in the a.m. now.
I've been putting off kegging the Amber Belgian Ale long enough. I'll get it done by the weekend. Then I'll just have to brew again. I'm thinking of another session beer of some type, but haven't decided, yet. Suggestions are welcome.
Most surprising? I feel FAST. This is totally new to me. In my first softball doubleheader this summer, I was on 1st base and a teammate was on 2nd. On a base hit to the gap, I nearly caught him at home. It’s unreal. I feel like a damn gazelle.
fish (rainbow trout, squawfish, northern
Okay so I'm starting to regret taking weekly pictures :-S Remember the camera adds 10 pounds.
Can we see beneath the surface of our contemporary world, with all its hype and glamour, to weep with Jesus for the emptiness of a life lived without him, for the tragedy of rejecting the greatest love we could ever be offered?
President Jon Greendeer
Then I moved on to another trailer for another great movie that’s really tough to summarize:
10/23 - Take 2! TSH 1.89
These drivers are just so angry.
Silver blade,
I have struggled with my weight for years. I am ashamed to say I have gained 70 pounds in the last 8 years. I know my exact weight from my wedding day and I realize I have gained just under 10 lbs. per year of my marriage. That works out to less than a pound a month, so I see how it just crept up. My husband loves fried food, burgers and pizza. So to accomodate his likes, I have changed my habits to his bad ones and I have eaten horribly since we got married. But you know what, I can't blame him. I am an adult and I made poor choices to get to where I am. I have to take ownership of my situation and resolve to do something about it.
So. I don't have much time, but I'll try to explain what I've done in these days.
If I were being observed and told to put something in my pocket, it would surely be a butterfly.
The meal (I forgot to take pictures of the main dinner).
When I think of it like that is scares me... a lot.
This recipe will yield side dishes for four, but if there are any leftovers, they can be added to clear or cream soup stock. Egg noodles or rice round out the meal to complete the protein and provide a generous lunch dish. You're going to need something hearty, warming, and nourishing. You have some pumpkin and apple picking to do.
I also managed to find some fun striped curtains for this window at Target on clearance for only $7.50 each. They were originally shower curtains but after folding over the top part of the shower curtain and some curtain clips from IKEA, you would never know they were shower curtains!
Among his many achievements, he had the distinction of accompanying Billie Holiday on her first recording, as a leader, writing Frank Sinatra’s first hit song, “Oh! Look At Me Now” when they were with Tommy Dorsey’s band, and serving as Bing Crosby’s last musical director and playing on his last recording session. In between, he also wrote songs for Bing Crosby, Louis Armstrong, the Andrews Sisters, Louis Jordan and Nat “King” Cole.
P.S. Is it just me or do my posts always change subject like 5 times…….*facepalm* I keep telling myself I won’t do that.
so bountiful
I used to have a basket on top of the bookshelf and we had piles of documents and magazines filed, which was showing. It didn’t look good, so I bought those magazine files at IKEA. This allowed me to use the space on top of the bookshelf and organize the mess without creating space in our tiny apartment to store the clutter.
So, we decided that I would come home early. It’s a $250 fine to change the flight, but I had gotten a low price. And I knew that there was no WAY I could continue budget travelling in that manner for 3 months. Especially in Europe where I wanted to…you know, EAT. Plus, missing my family and friends at home was starting to wear me down. Thank god Bri was with me in NZ, by the end of the trip I really needed that.
“No, sir,” Manny replied. “None of our pilots came with us. I’m pretty sure we could fly a Blackhawk, though. It’s a bit tricky, but, like I said, we’ve been trained.”
Medical school, first year, I put on about 5 pounds the first semester. There was no time to run, I was drowning in the amount of memorization. I think I gained some weight, but not sure, because it dropped off second semester due to stress and second year it seemed to stabilize. I had started running again, and would run some of the local races around Tulsa. And this is where I stayed until shortly before graduation and the period where my brother died. I don’t know what happened during that 6 months. Truthfully. I don’t remember my medical school graduation, I don’t remember moving. There is the 6 months after my brother’s funeral to the day I found out I was pregnant that is black. A little disturbing, I should remember the day I graduated, but instead I have pictures.
to figure out if and how we can fix this.
There were several essays in This Bridge We Call Home that spoke to me, but Diana Courvant’s “Speaking of Privilege” was a smack to my face. This was me. I was completely ignorant about white privilege when I began the Literature by Women of Color course. For some reason, having another person with a background I perceive to be similar to mine explain privilege and the harm my ignorance does to women of color finally made complete sense. It’s a shame that it 2/3 of the way through the second of three books for me to get it, but I understand more about white privilege now. I just wish I’d learned about this when I was younger. My task now is to make other white who are unaware aware of the systemic racism in America.
Shred the chicken into large pieces
1 c. cold, unsalted butter, cubed
I did a post called, Some of the reason's why we bought this house, back in January. It was about the bridge in our backyard, and the indoor pool we have. I want to show you some of the changes that we have made to the pool room and some of the beautiful pictures of how the bridge has looked over the last few weeks.
Regardless. Simply for such brilliant showmanship, for being so slick, so adaptable under pressure and so frighteningly intelligent, this entertainer was worth every penny of the ticket price.
2 provides
"What is my feet, momma?"
DIY Onion Soup Mix
Nothing annoys me quite like a character who squanders good opportunities for fictional fun. Michael can't seem to recognize the value of being an orphan. Hasn't he read ANY books?? Fictional orphans get to have all the fun and Michael's situation is rife with potential excitement.
Ali Hasan Abu Kamal, Pipes continues, a Palestinian with radical Muslim affiliations, shot seven people on top of the Empire State building in February 1997, killing one. His suicide note accused the United States of using Israel as its “instrument” against the Palestinians, but city officials ignored this evidence and classified Abu Kamal as “one deranged individual working on his own.”
Now, these boots have been through hell and back and I ain't joking.
What Alex described as ‘bringing out the heavy stuff’, the last whiskey of the night was the heavily peated Connemara Turf Mor. It gives off a rich mix of salt, spice and subtle smoke. On the palate it gives you an intense kick of peat and smoak but develops into a mellow after-taste that leaves dry spice flavours lingering.
Welcome to another fabulous challenge at 2 Sisters Challenge. This one is a super easy one....USE A DIGI. So for my fellow Digi artist, wipe out those digis and can not wait to see what you create. Our two fabulous sponsors are Robyn's Fetish and Di's Digis. We were fortunate enough to have some generous digis given to the DT team. Figure it was time to do a male theme card!
The bad thing is, I kinda/sorta need to keep getting poked with needles.
“With the addition of a new state-of-the-art hospital and ancillary facilities Caymanians will have access to world class health care without having to travel abroad,” he said.
Rock on Carla! Your dishes look great and I like your drink (I don't drink and that spritzer looks yum). Carla is like a NCAA Basketball team peaking during March Madness.
I’m starting to get concerned about how Lustbader writes women. This might be a trait of the thriller genre, but I can only count two female characters who have not been sexually assaulted at some point–lower the age to thirty, and I can’t count any. Alli is bursting with so much rage and distaste at traditional femininity that even I, who once turned up for a middle school discussion on gender in the best drag I could manage at twelve, was offended. Sharon, Jack’s religiously flip-flopping wife, honestly gets angry at Jack for not being home–despite the fact that Jack has one of the most demanding jobs on the planet. Jack also leaps into bed with Annika much too quickly after Sharon dumps him over the phone. It’s nothing explicitly wrong–I did enjoy Alli in First Daughter and Annika in Last Snow, but the patterns are freaking me out.
In November of 1997 Dario made a run for political office in Rome. (Though I cannot seem to find out is he won or not.)
This came from a comment of a friend of mine. She said she did not understand the poems of Amy De'Ath, a young poet whose first book, Erec & Enide, was published last year from Salt Modern Voices. Now, I don't have any problem with, in fact I think the collection is really strong. It occurred to me that it must have something to do with the different ways people read poetry.
Did I mention I was moving over the summer? Probably not because this move seemed to
Tomorrow, we're going to bottle the beers that we made on Monday and take the RAMP exam. For passing the exam, we get a two-year certification in RAMP.
Elsewhere I hear the cry of a regiment charging, (the young colonel
I once heard someone argue (I have a terrible feeling in the pit of my stomach that it was the unjustly vilified British comedian Bernard Manning) that finding the word ‘nigger’ offensive and the word ‘black’ inoffensive is ridiculous because they mean exactly the same thing and, in fact, ‘nigger’ has a more noble historical lineage.
OMSG: Oh My! Sorry, Gas.
Now I have to get ready and go to work in a bit, so I really don't have all day, but I do have 15 minutes.
Female apes, you see, have a well-defined oestrus cycle. When one of our females is in season, all the male has to do is puff out his cheeks and fire at will. Nothing much can go wrong when the plan of action is that simple. Women, by contrast, don’t have a season when they’re in heat, so men are never sure how receptive they are. Most women, in fact, have to be wooed and cajoled and petted and prodded before they’re ready for action. That’s why men have to be taught how to arouse them, and women have to be taught how to help things along without making sarcastic remarks or laughing at the wrong moment.
Following its move to drastically cut its roster to 50 from 150 shops, PepsiCo has consolidated much of its work at Omnicom agencies. The beverage and food giant and the holding company have a long relationship, which these recent changes to PepsiCo’s agency strategy have bolstered further.
Finally, miscarriage has had a marked presence. For many older women, miscarriage marks the end of fertility. In a culture that identifies women and fertility, the natural end of of one’s capacity to bear children may seem disabling. As one enters midlife, one may find oneself thus subject to society’s Disablist gaze. For younger women miscarriage threatens the perception of oneself as healthy and viable. Both experiences are potentially imbued with enormous loss.
Private Games, James Patterson and Mark Sullivan - The Olympic Games are in London in 2012, and Private, an investigation firm from the US and "star" of several Patterson books, is hired to provide security. They find themselves on the lookout for a murderer killing high-profile members of the Olympic committee, athletes, etc. GREAT story! Loved the ending!
2) Once the dough is ready, lightly oil a large bowl then place the dough in the bowl making sure to cover all sides of the dough with the oil. Cover with a light towel and place near a warm area. I just turned the oven on and placed the bowl on top of the oven. Let the dough rise for 1 to 2 hours until about double in size.
I Spy With My Frog's Eye-A Differentiated Word Work Activity by Marsha of A Differentiated Kindergarten : " This is a differentiated I-Spy activity which includes 16 pages of CVC, CVCC and CVCe activities that are tiered to help you meet the readiness levels of all your students." (K-2)
At UT-Chattanooga, Coleman ran a West Coast-style offense with plenty of play action fakes and quick throws and has experience both under center as well as in shotgun. Although he has some experience going through his reads and progressions, he will certainly need more work here at the next level, as he had a number of pre-determined reads, or throws that were planned before the snap, and will tend to stare down some of his targets. In addition, when in shotgun, the coaches called plenty of catch-and-throw passes, which didn’t do much to help his development. B.J.’s footwork is where I’d like to see it, as he has a feel for sinking his hips into his back leg before stepping forward and driving through his front leg in his throwing delivery; however, I would like to see him exaggerate the sinking of his hips more to get more momentum and torque going into his throws. In his mechanics, he offers a quick delivery, however he throws the ball too mechanically, and I’d like to see him develop a more natural and fluid throwing motion with his position coach at the next level. Coleman has average mobility at best to move about the pocket and must develop a better feel for where the pass rush is coming from. He’s a pure pocket passer who is very comfortable dropping back and reading the field, however he’s not far enough along yet in his ability to sense the rush and escape. When he does manage to get outside the pocket, he has what it takes to get the job done on bootlegs and he’s proven that he can throw the ball accurately on the run. In addition, when given an opportunity to take off with the ball down the field, Coleman has a heady understanding of when to tuck the ball down and run with it, having ran for seven
Remember to check out more information about #Foodiepenpals on Lindsay’s blog, and sign up to participate soon! Stay tuned for a guest post from my #foodiepenpals recipient, Amanda, in the next post!
Last week I wrote two short stories, one about a nervous man with hands like birds. The other about a phone call where a man discloses his dark secret. They are both kind of sad. I'm writing another which is kind of about me, but a me that doesn't exist. It's one of those 'what if' stories. So, the emotional and physical geography is mine, but the incidents in the story never actually happened (but might have done), so what if it had gone the other way?
*poof*
Coincidental, I made the cake for the Sunday dinner with the family and forgot to take a picture with all the commotion. With a five-year-old, two-year-old and seven-month-old and the rest of the family, it's was a busy house!
But oh boy it’s been a long day and this took my last gasping efforts of rational thought to get down – but I wanted to, for me, for you, and yes for the walrus in my head.
Returns to past comforts for hope it makes him numb
Most groupinge to casinos knowing fair the fact to the most favorite cards games played today. Everyone knows how to humor Bludgeon, but there is much to the game then fair trying to get your cards confidential to 21 without exploit over.
I'm not implying that I love it when someone tells me that I was wrong in some way or that I've sinned. I'm normal, it hurts and makes me angry at first. I still find myself going back in time to my childhood where I felt that if I did something wrong and was found out I'd lose that person's love. So my knee jerk reaction is to be angry and reject their point of view.
Last Friday, my friends Jon, Val, and Lauren came into Kolky for a nice relaxing weekend by the river. I didn't take nearly enough photos, mainly because we just hung out and didn't do anything too exciting. I love having guests, especially when they don't need to be entertained. But, we found some things to do...
And then there is the lament of many New Yorkers, who supported their Senator, and then remained loyal to the party in the general election. There is still Hope for Change and that 44, working behind the scenes, will yet pull a rabbit out of the hat, but still, some New Yorkers wonder on what coulda been:
The property also didn’t have external alarm sensors, and an outside toilet was identified as a potential “hideout for any planned criminal activities that can be directed at the minister”.
Taken from 'A Bigger Bang' (released September 2005)
Designs of the Year 2012 – Design Museum
However, the aggrieved parties over this contract have clearly not lost out entirely from their pact to support Taib Mahmud.
details can be found
Flow chart to Musa’s own Zurich account!
Anyway...track a1 is correctly ripped now...more fixes in the next days...
1- Bornlivedie
This beer is another in my line of Dumas inspired beers. I had been tinkering with the idea of a Mazarin inspired beer for awhile, and I wanted something with hints of Italy (wine yeast), a bit of nuttiness and a deep red color. Luckily I had a bunch of sour cherry juice that I needed to use up, and not a single lambic/etc ready for fruit. Generally I'm not a big proponent of fruit in non-sour beers, but I think that I might be slowly drifting away from that. It's really interesting to look at what Ive brewed over the years, you can really identify different influences and interests that send me in one direction only to move away from it several months later.
1/2 packet of onion mushroom mix (or whatever mix you prefer)
The process of placing trig points on top of prominent hills and mountains began in 1935 to assist in the accurate retriangulation of Great Britain. In low-lying or flat areas some trig points may be only a few metres above sea level. When all the trig points were in place, it was possible, in clear weather, to see at least two other trig points from any one trig point. Careful measurements of the angles between the lines-of-sight of the other trig points then allowed the construction of a system of triangles which could then be referenced back to a single baseline to construct a highly accurate measurement system that covered the entire country.
Directive 95/46, on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, was adopted to protect the rights and freedoms of persons with respect to the processing of personal data by laying down guidelines determining when this processing is lawful.
Two main possible settings: the Rebellion or an era some centuries away from it.
I always knew life was an illusion but it became so real after years of getting it beat into my head. I was told I could do anything, be anything, just as long as I worked hard for it. I do work hard but now I’m finally learning the importance of enjoying life. I cook and listen to music and learn random facts about obscure subjects and take pictures of EVERYTHING.
“It’s a restoration project rich in symbolism. What could be more Canadian than saving a canoe, particularly a huge canoe steeped in history, one that carried generations across the rivers of Northern Ontario and waters of Hudson Bay. Fort Severn First Nation, located on the shore of the Severn River upstream from Hudson Bay, is the northernmost community in Ontario. It was founded as a fur trading post in the late 1600s, and canoes have been an integral part of the community’s subsequent history of hunting and trade. But over the years, the isolated native community lost the skills needed to maintain its wooden canoes. The band recently decided to restore the craft that were so central to its history and teach the skills to a new generation. But the challenge was finding tens of thousands of dollars to fund the project, along with tools, material and restoration experts willing to spend weeks at a time working and teaching in the north.
Human rights groups say up to 30,000 people were kidnapped and murdered or vanished during the dictatorship, which began when Videla and two other military leaders staged a coup on March 24, 1976.
Magical Tool: Wand, sometimes Sword, Dagger or Athame
Now I could write a detailed review on the story structure, characterization, plot and dialogues, but since it’s a busy week at office, let me give you only important bits.
I have been a Girl Scout for 20 years…. 12 years as a scout (Brownie, Junior, Cadette & Senior) and now 8 years as my daughter’s troop leader. This is truly TRULY an amazing and life-changing organization that helps girls learn more about themselves and their world, reach out to help other people, practice leadership, and as the GS song says… “Change the World!” (click here to listen to the We Change the World song) http://itunes.apple.com/us/album/girl-scouts-greatest-hits/id314147938
Pack-by-pack:
This second card just makes me laugh every time I look at this image, which I've had forever and always pull out to make get well cards. Since my stash was getting low I decided to make some more and promised Heidi I would post one to my blog. So Heidi this one is for you.
"But the important matter was this, that it entirely reversed the reason for optimism. And the instant the reversal was made it felt like the abrupt ease when a bone is put back in the socket. I had often called myself an optimist, to avoid the too evident blasphemy of pessimism. But all the optimism of the age had been false and disheartening for this reason, that it had always been trying to prove that we fit in to the world. The Christian optimism is based on the fact that we do NOT fit in to the world. I had tried to be happy by telling myself that man is an animal, like any other which sought its meat from God. But now I really was happy, for I had learnt that man is a monstrosity. I had been right in feeling all things as odd, for I myself was at once worse and better than all things. The optimist’s pleasure was prosaic, for it dwelt on the naturalness of everything; the Christian pleasure was poetic, for it dwelt on the unnaturalness of everything in the light of the supernatural. The modern philosopher had told me again and again that I was in the right place, and I had still felt depressed even in acquiescence. But I had heard that I was in the WRONG place, and my soul sang for joy, like a bird in spring. The knowledge found out and illuminated forgotten chambers in the dark house of infancy. I knew now why grass had always seemed to me as queer as the green beard of a giant, and why I could feel homesick at home." G.K. Chesterson "Orthodoxy", Chapter V
The ozone is ravaged, ocean levels have risen, and the sun is a daily enemy. But global climate change is not something new in the Earth’s history.
To honor my mother's symmetrical mind, my father did give in once when he created a special painting just for her. It is in various shades of blue, which is her favorite color. The patterns are even in number and in perfect symmetry. He once told me that it was very difficult for him to let go of his own patterns, but wanted to do this for her. It is currently hanging in her room at the nursing home. She doesn't remember from whom it came, but it makes her happy to have it there.
Few breweries have had such a clear brand identity, unruffled by the passing waves of trend, as Sierra Nevada. It is the quintessential American ale brewery, offering a cohesive family of beers that started out near London and ended up in the fresh hop fields of the American west. So solid and consistent is the brand that the release earlier this year of an IPA--never mind that it was perfectly consonant with the Sierra Nevada Tao--was a big surprise. Sierra Nevada releasing a new year-round ale? Amazing!
We have so much in common, and she is just an amazing gal!!!
My Favorite Year
Tomorrow is the big day, we shall see how the mainstream parties hold up against the uprising of the smaller parties. Despite everything I believe in, I’m using my three votes to vote for the one Liberal Democrat candidate and two of the three Labour candidates. It’s either that or vote Conservative or UKIP, lesser of two evils, eh? – I would like to urge you to protest vote (if you can), don’t accept the norm, it’s time to hit back at Labour, Conservatives and the Liberal Democrats. Use your votes, but use them wisely, I would love to be able to vote Green but there’s no candidate in my ward.
stop at his favorite Sub shop when he was a little boy....and every time he would
Since people dress more casual in the states in general, I think I notice a big difference between their normal and their formal attire. In France, people are used to dressing nicer (again, so hard to put into words, but sweats still seem limited to the gym and certain cliques of teens). So maybe I perceive the wedding look as more casual because I don't see as big a difference with their normal clothes. Like, they could be going to a meeting at work or to a wedding. They just have nice clothes, period, no need for "special occasions" to look good.
Do you like to get up early for extra writing time? How do you get up early?
7So they made selection of Kedesh in Galilee in the hill-country of Naphtali, and Shechem in the hill-country of Ephraim, and Kiriath-arba (which is Hebron) in the hill-country of Judah.
As for electricity, my parents are very eco- conscious and very much trying to wean themselves off the grid as much as possible. They have installed a wind turbine and a solar system. They are hooked up to batteries that store the energy of the sun and the wind, which makes it handy when the conventional electrical grid falls-like it did this weekend.
acclaim during his lifetime.
Suzuki commented with great willingness “I’d like to be of good service and do my best in practice to understand my character.”
Now you know better
When Jimmy Ray Dupree finds the deer Tough Tony Titwiler is already skinning the deer.
Took a break and spent a very wet October morning picking up pecans with my little girl. When we were done, the two of us sat on the porch of the brewery taking turns cracking them open with an empty German beer bottle. We ate pecans till we were full like the winter ready squirrels in the Brewery’s nearby trees.
This leads to the word “Pride” which halts all progression.
The second study, published in 2003 by Steven Stellman at the American Health Foundation along with investigators at several other research institutions, also found that menthol smokers had lower lung cancer risk than nonmenthol smokers (abstract here). Dr. Stellman’s conclusion that “Smokers of menthol flavored cigarettes were at no greater risk for lung cancer than were smokers of unflavored brands” was a gross understatement. His data show that white men and white and black women who smoked menthols all had lower lung cancer risks than nonmenthol smokers. While the lower risks were not statistically significant for any subgroup, the odds ratio for all menthol smokers was 0.68, which is perfectly consistent with Dr. Rostron’s findings. It was highly unconventional for Dr. Stellman not to report that result.
AW the Alchemist is taking a wise and cautious approach in handling Nasri’s situation. The diminutive “replacement” at the left hand side of attack has found his mojo back and has improved drastically.
SEK 180 for one book (apprx USD 24)
What book are you looking forward to reading the most in 2011?
In a statement to Ad Age, Quaker said that the move was “part of PepsiCo’s strategic investment and productivity initiatives.” The marketer added that “Organic was selected because of their high-level strategic thought leadership, their emphasis on collaboration between agency partners and their passion for social media as an integral part of planning, not an afterthought.”
I wanted to share these with you..... I'm so excited about the feedback I'm getting:
But she always knew her shell couldn't contain the free spirit within. Not when the influence of the modern city surrounding her family had an upper hand over her father. Before long, she was out away from home.
I did finish this book to find out the true identity of the killer. Once I did I was like that is it.
Our jaws hit the floor. “Just us? But the website said our trip was sold out.”
The writing itself and the whole story treatment really are enjoyable. The plot's basis is interesting and intriguing. Ruby, the main character, is endearing, and I loved that she didn't have the special powers that her brother had. It's unusual that the hero of a book lacks the power that makes the plot.
the fireplace all done...
Ted: Dad, you go in ga'age and I...I...I...I...I find missing piece to Al's bike in no time, right?!
my state of mind. How can
Of course we cannot how such decisions are made, or conveyed; in fact, most of us find it unpleasant even to contemplate the idea of police officials ordering or encouraging sexual assault against the very citizens they are sworn to protect. But this seems to be precisely what is happening here.
In Les Cerisiers we changed the sofa and again carried out some decorating to keep everything ship shape!
New York and I have a delicate relationship. I’d like to say it is “Love/Hate,” but in reality it has often been “Frustrated/More Frustrated.” So, no one was more surprised than I was when I agreed to take a quick trip (very quick—only two days in the city) across country for an alumni meeting.
People who run afoul of the Progressive paradigm in matters other than Islam or Third World immigration suffer punishments just as severe and lunatically disconnected from Reality’s compass as the Islam-resisters do. The United States is experiencing an unprecedented spike in violent hate crimes by blacks against whites, unspeakably heinous murders of whites and North Asians by blacks in the course of muggings and other forms of robbery, rape of white women by black men, murder of white women by their black boyfriends, black group beatings administered to individual white men or women, savage rampages by blacks for trifles such as lukewarm fries at MacDonald’s, armed assault, mass lootings of stores by dozens of “youths” at a time, and so on.
The first of every month you're able to post your thoughts and struggles you have as a writer. Whatever is on your mind is what you write... so here we go.
In the past month, I've told three different people in three different circumstances that I'm wondering if sometimes we're not supposed to "get over it." That sometimes we're not supposed to shake that feeling in the pit of our stomach.
Where the clear stream of reason has not lost its way into the dreary desert sand of dead habit;
chose that lunch time in the library to tell me;
Do you dream for yourself?
Me & My Big Mouth Advertising
“Let’s face it: our most enduring pool of partners exists in the European theater,” Stavridis said in an interview with the Pentagon Channel and American Forces Press Service.
You starve yourself to play the part
Mired that they were in economic problems of their own.
In case you're wondering - in the peanut butter example above, the Kroger brand 16 oz tub was the best by unit price followed by the 18 oz Jif and then the 15 oz Skippy.
Black Limousine
Perneet Singh, Tribune News Service
Mrs. Boshoff explains how Effective Microorganisms, or EM, works: “ 80% of microorganisms have little known benefit, 10% are harmful, and 10% are vital to maintain an ecological balance. Conventional farming practices have upset this balance. Through a company in Japan we buy EM spores, which we cultivated in vats of molasses. The EM-rich liquid is then sold to local farmers. They feed it to their cattle, spray it on their crops, put it in the water. In time, animals get healthier, crops stronger, and balance is again restored to the land.”
I'm pretty sure she's forgiven me. But now the regular joke around our house is, "Hey, remember that time you put the wrong cat out?"
Almighty God, our great Creator
Wrong Turn 4 also known as Wrong Turn 4: Bloody Beginnings (2011) is a direct-to-video horror/slasher/thriller film and the fourth film in the Wrong Turn film franchise.
It is a measure of this show's brilliance (and its brilliance is often mind-boggling) that it uses a modern musical form, rather than the old-fashioned one that the Follies helped create, to get at its concerns. As in his Company of last year, producer-director Prince has thrown out the time-honored musical convention of using songs to advance a simple-minded script in favor of letting the music add new levels of meaning to a sophisticated libretto (by James Goldman). In this way, the central plot idea of Follies becomes merely one more ingredient of the show rather than its raison d'etre.
It’s getting closer to the end of the week (thank goodness) and for Star Wars fans everywhere this is a very exciting time. This Friday, May 4, is what many have deemed international ‘Star Wars Day!’ Why May 4? Because what better way to pay homage to George Lucas’ continuously growing franchise than to say ‘May the fourth be with you!’
Or did you ever make a paper chain to count the days until a special event? We knew the time was getting shorter each day both because we removed one link and because we could see the whole chain getting shorter.
“no, Plaintiffs do not have a fundamental right to own and use a dairy cow or a dairy herd;”
There are numerous other options that return your premiums if you stay healthy, put money into your RRSP and more but they belong in a one on one consultation.
And why do these cartoons hit a responsive chord? Because government is a racket that enables the politically well connected to obtain unearned wealth at the expense of the less fortunate.
2. Slit the brinjals from the back side (side without stem) into 4 cuts. Do not cut them fully, and leave the cuts until it reaches half or 3/4ths of the vegetable's length.
Building on the notion of a ‘meme,’ or cultural gene, first proposed by theoretical biologist Richard Dawkins, ideas now move through the globe, replicate, mutate, reproduce, and evolve, in many ways like virtual organisms which we sustain within us as their ‘meat machines.’ Language and images were the original memes, and the paper and the printing press the original mass medias, but after the industrial revolution, the distinct memescapes of the world began to knit themselves into the much more integrated differential networked global memescape that truly acquired criticla mass in the period after World War II.
I expect that you want your employees to like you—not just because you have a natural desire to be liked (which, let’s face it, most of us do), but also because being a likeable boss has plenty of workplace benefits. Employees who like their bosses are more loyal to their organizations; they’re more devoted to their assignments; they’re more positive and optimistic in the workplace. Being likeable is a worthwhile management trait.
5. Accessories Wedding veils are often just one component of the hair. Common accessories include flowers, jeweled pins, feathers, fascinators, and tiaras. To avoid too many elements competing with each other, elaborate accessories are often paired with simpler hairstyles. Many brides choose to combine the veil and accessory into one piece so that it’s easier to wear and creates an overall sleeker look.
Well, Norman Mailer, he had an interesting theory that he used to explain the strange coincidences in the aftermath of the JFK assasination. In the wake of huge events, after them and before them, physical details, they spasm for a moment; they sort of unlock and when they come back into focus they suddenly coincide in a weird way. Street names and birthdates and middle names, all kind of superfluous things appear related to each other.
Tan Sri Abdullah Ahmad is not your ordinary UMNO member. His opinion counts and his advice are sought by past and present leaders of UMNO. And he has spoken candidly as a politician. He is saying that Najib can retain power and get away with “money politics” provided it is done in the right way. But, can corruption be done in the right way?
I told you in this post that this month (and the next few months!) are gonna be WOW EXCITING for me!!! Well today I get to share one of my GOOD NEWS for the month!!
Miles this year: 292.5
homage to a true old-world Mexican grotto-bar (Green is joined by
The young man immediately rose, much to Nathaniel’s relief, and moved to a chair without a word of protest. Gently stretching his tired arms, the fair-haired man remained standing as he confessed, “I haven’t been completely honest with you, Bert.”
And that's about it.. for now.
“What have you done with my treasure?” accuses Paulo.
Squawvine is an herbal remedy and not regulated by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). The regulation process involves research into whether the remedy is safe to use. In addition, the effectiveness of squawvine for its traditional uses in childbirth and during lactation has not been clinically tested.
Do not lose the opportunity of buying in any dip, buying by following the level can be a profitable strategy.
The rescue of the shipwrecked sailor awakens old memories that plunge the village into terrified and suspicious behavior. Daniel, the sailor, can’t remember much more than his first name but has an uncanny way of asking the questions that uncover each person’s most closely held dreams, failings and fears. Emily determines that Susannah wanted her there to uncover the clandestine knowledge that is poisoning the people and emptying the village. Daniel’s questions stir up doubts and uncertainties Emily hadn’t realized she harbored about her own happy marriage. And then she discovers that seven years ago a similar fierce storm cast another young sailor ashore—and that someone in the village murdered him.
standing at four inches tall
Q: How much time do you devote to writing each day?
Steve Roden
Come back tomorrow. I have a little something that was offered to me by a friend for a blog giveaway. I'm going to offer it to one of my lucky blog friends.
3. Roll It Over
The bar and guests’ lounge are heavy and dark, furnished to emulate the Titanic experience,well, the first two days of it anyway. In contrast, the bright airy Cafe Gitane serves excellent Moroccan and French-style cuisine, and does the honours at breakfast time.
Up and down front. Legs felt really good tonight and the ice had softened enough to make spikes unnecessary.
I didn’t know what to expect on this train ride and was amazingly surprised. The seats were leather and very comfortable. There was soft Peruvian lounge type music playing which added to the ambiance. A box lunch with your choice of a beverage is included. The train rides along the Urubamba River and from time to time a recording would speak to specific sites along the way. We also passed by the area where the hikers start their 4 day journey to Machu Picchu. The Incan porters are incredibly strong! All of this was quite enchanting. Knowing I was getting closer to Machu Picchu made this train ride even more memorable. I stared out the window the entire time in awe feeling very blessed.
it is lonely
This is one very spacious bag! Perfect for my overnight visits to see my precious granddaughter or for cramming treasures while garage sale-ing. I added a couple of internal pockets and omitted the key fob.
there is a chance to win one of three sets of signed copies
But I guess everything in life is all about anticipation, right?
Her audience included representatives from countries where homosexuality is a criminal offence.
Parliamentarians this year chided the force for being too male and too white. “A better balance with females and minorities will create a better RCMP and a better, peaceful, orderly Canada,” a group of Liberal senators wrote in a position paper.
even though this is a completely new cage to all of them.
Letting go and jumping in are huge elements in the book, in more ways than one.
People gathered and gazed.
“No offense to the them, but I don’t need them like I need you.” Alfonso kisses her.
According the this theory, the migration of other peoples from mainland Asia around 200 B.C. brought metal tools, rice and new farming techniques but had scant impact on linguistic development.
Michael Moorcock, one of the few science fiction writers I like (and former poet-in-residence with Hawkwind), gets a nod.
So I just finishes reading Aspect of Crow a little while ago. It is written by Jeri-Smith Ready, and I have to say that it is one of the most well written books I have ever read. It isn’t as cliche as I thought it was going to be when I had first started to read it, and I can’t really compare it to anything I’ve ever read. It is definitely a category of it’s own. The thought put behind the different “Aspects” is definitely something to appreciate. I won’t go into too many details, because when I get started describing things, I tend to spoil it, so here are my thoughts, even if no one really cares.
Then the earth shifted. A phone call with someone close to me reminded me that not all the mothers I know were feeling quite so lucky and blessed - and that there have been moments when I didn't feel quite so positive about motherhood myself. On the same day, a note through my door informed me that my neighbour had died!
We'd started our journey at Wharf 5, a huge shed converted into a makeshift terminal with a row of check-in counters and a cordoned-off Customs area. As part of the check-in process, we were prompted to link our passenger IDs with a credit card, enabling easier on-board purchasing. Cards could also be topped up with cash, and it soon became clear that passenger ID cards were essential for purchasing drinks at the bar or in restaurants, buying items in the gift shop, or getting ice creams and dessert at the on-board cafe. ATMs are available on the ship, but all payments on-board are made using the passenger ID card.
Well, this morning I took it upon myself to finally look up how you pronounce it.
As Pamela Sundin-Hart, one of my favorite teachers at East-West, always insisted, "any muscle that attaches to the ribs is a breathing muscle." The QL has a crucial role in keeping the ribs stable so that when the diaphragm pulls, the rib cage doesn't simply fold in and follow it. When the QL is knotted up we favor it by breathing shallowly. Shallow breathing means less oxygen, and less oxygen means less energy: a jacked up QL will make you tired, and not just because you're in pain.
Just like a conversation, a sex scene can be in total private, in complete public (such as on a stage before an audience), in private but overheard or peeped at, etc.
Rachel – Senior Managing Editor
All in all, a fun and relaxing weekend. I’d intended to do some work on the old bike but the weather was WAY too nice here to stay cooped up in a garage, so decided to ride instead. Right now I’m propped up on the couch with my laptop, watching the Dude play “Elder Scrolls: Skyrim” and trying to find the nerve to start writing again. Yup folks, this post is a handy-dandy procrastination tool and I shall wield it proudly within my golden grasp. Fear my procrastinating skills for they are LEGION!!!
So, in the grand scheme of things, the portpotty was not as, um, befouled as some that I have been in. And my purse, thank GOD, um, floated on top.
What may seem like a benefit to society isn't always a benefit except to those who profit from it. So much has been written about the evils of genetically engineered food crops that it would be redundant to rehearse them all here. But what if the offending genetic technology were to be trained on a human problem that everyone believes ought to be tackled, namely mosquito-borne diseases?
We finally got in touch with our good friend Jason, who, like a real trooper, came over straightaway…armed with a machete. I reminded Jason we were not making burgers. He assured me it was for smacking-on-the-rump-purposes only. I’ll be darned if Jason didn’t have that fence open in two seconds flat after I had fought with it for fifteen minutes. Now there was a huge, five-foot gap in the fence for the cow to lumbering…well, lumber through, but now we had to convince ol’ Bessie to actually go THROUGH it. She lumbered over to the farthest corner of my backyard, and Jason bravely walked over to her, making all those good Western noises like they do on Bonanza. The cow wasn’t cooperating. Jenn & I were great help, by the way: I steadied the flashlight while she kept the fence propped open. Hey, we had done all we could. It was time for man-power.
- shaking your head when you are done, had enough or aren't interested
how to still my mind.
On the resurrection morn!
"People high on the neurotic scale essentially have the exact opposite view of the past and are less happy as a result.
Where They Stand: "Getting up and running is, as with any highly regulated industry, an involved process," Michael explained, "we have begun to embark on that process and have actually met with some people from the city recently. We have scouted places, one of which we like very much, but we have to continue to engage regulated industries, zoning folks, Kansas City Biz Care, and a great deal of other parties before we make a definitive decision. We are happy to report that the city is being very helpful and, to this point, have been great to work with."
ooo me so sleepy! mom, i will do my best to listen but if i fall asleep, u will wake me up when you see something i should bark at, wontchoo? :)
UNDERSTUDY: He’s looked at it and got it working but none of us are allowed to touch it.
Mom’s on pins and needles, yet she clings to her faith and trust in God. I hear her
Ries's argument about how to do it is very unconvincing to me. He is advocating the "branding first" school of business.
I was lucky enough to be invited on a call that the creator of the ViPak Dr. Seidman was giving in order to help everyone understand whyt he ViPak is such an amazing product and why it works. The call actually focused on a single part of the Vi-Pak the Omega Vitals.
NOTE: Blogger does not seem to be accepting live links at this time. If you'd like to leave a link in your comment that we can cut and paste, please do.
Has your heart begun to turn to ice?
We are a bit eggplant crazy in our family and have grown as many as 24 plants at one time, but realistically, just a few plants will supply enough eggplants for a family of four throughout the summer. The plants should not have any significant pest problems, but keep an eye out for leaf footed bugs which like to congregate on the fruits.
Who should be trusted, when one's own right hand
And I promise you, your sacrifice won’t be in vain
These latest 'eye poking clothes' have been snapped up by the fashion conscious community and celebrities alike. They are available at all durian stalls throughout the country.
So what do you have to do to win this gorgeous prize??? Follow my sketch !!!! Remember there is NO Back linking, Projects must be new and must have a hAnglar & sTanglar or Magnolia stamp to be entered into the prize. You can combine our challenge with others.
You say they are tired - perhaps, like us, they lack sleep. Perhaps, like us, they just want their children to be safe. Of course, they can't sleep because our war planes are flying overhead, patrolling and when they locate a rocket launching team, with pinpoint accuracy, yes - using some planes that we purchased from your government, we fire and take them out. And our children, why can't they sleep?
When I do things like bright flowers and leaves, I usually do a layer of white primer for the base. The reason why, is because these flowers needed to be bright colors like turquoise and hot pink, and those colors wouldn't read very well on top of a dark(ish) green wall - they'd turn out more like brownish turquoise and hot pink. So, I do the primer coat to keep the colors true and bright. It actually takes out a few steps and layers of paint. This is something I've learned over the years.
And dry grass singing
sucks on his name—
So this morning I left a voicemail for A letting her know that B is refusing to leave, and if she’s not out by Thursday an eviction will be filed listing both of them because she did not give us the required 60 day notice that she was vacating so their lease is the only one we have and the rules still apply. I let her know if she wants to avoid this, she needs to have a talk with B and get her out of the house.
Firstly, apologies are in order for the distinct lack of posts for the last few days. Working hard, writing… you know, all that stuff.
It’s funny, you’re almost expected to get black-out drunk on your birthday. You can tell people about it the next day, how you don’t even remember getting home, how you threw up the next morning, and how you are still hung over 24 hours later. Their response?
I'm under no illusions as to just how rough things were really in the sixties. But the brook at Longford, now culverted and covered over by concrete and beer cans and old mattresses was once lively with yellow flag irises and water boatmen and I don't think much of the swap.
Send me your questions, or theories, or any topics you just want my fiery twist on! I will do my best to get around to every question and/or topic, and if enough people participate, I will extend my 30 day blogging until they are all answered!
But like trolley cars . . .
But there is a hope. If Congress acts to restrict the implications of this decision, we might get a real counter-intervention within the landscape of what determines the conditions of viability of politics in this country. Of course, I trust Congress basically nil and none. But if the public puts enough pressure on Congress, there just may be hope.
I don’t think I’ve ever read or seen a wine expert bang on about a £14.99 bottle of nice Italian wine that goes with whatever dish the cook has knocked up by expressing the view that it is so much nicer than a £3.99 bottle of Echo Falls or that bottles of £3.99 plonk represent vile chemical rubbish only the undiscerning neck and we’d all be far better off is such shite did not exist. I think I understand the reason why, but correct me if you disagree. They understand the audience will by and large like a glass of wine, that those that don’t will not be reading it. They understand the audience may or may not have an interest in wine but probably are familiar with £3.99 plonk and may drink it regularly. They understand that the £3.99 plonk actually isn’t vile filth but a perfectly decent standard product enjoyed by millions. They understand that telling people the wine they are drinking is vile filth may turn them off drinking wine rather than turn them on to paying more for a bottle. They understand you can eulogise about how great this wine is without any reference at all to the bottle of cheap plonk. Cheap plonk isn’t really relevant to explaining the wonderful fruity notes of this more expensive plonk.
· complete, up-to-date contact information for legislators
But you hear stories. Some make you laugh, some make you think of alternative ways you may be able to get the baby out of you, and some just make you cringe.
I'm going on with my 5 Cent Deposit kick in this entry. This is their second album and their first on Radical Records. Radical Records isnt known for their pop punk. But mainly for bands Like Blanks 77 and the like.
1/2 cup finely shredded cabbage
Jamaican Red Hot 0/2
Manage fear. Use deep breathing, yoga, guided imagery, or bodywork practices to decrease anxiety and pain. Uncontrolled fear can cause regression to unhealthy behaviors and worsen the experience of pain.
A merciless battle of wills ensued. From inside the house, Joe's mother was waging a war of silence, ignoring both his calls and his relentless hammering on the doors and windows. It's hard to imagine GBT Joe pounding anything too hard, since it's common knowledge that he'd much rather be the poundee. The poundee of an entire rugby team. After being denied access to his own home for a substantial amount of time, Joseph called his father. Unfortunately, his father's best advice was to wait outside for his mother to calm down. GBT Joe pointed out that if his mother had had all night to calm down and hadn't by now, things weren't looking good. Having stood outside his house for over an hour, without any sign of his mother, or his father's spine, GBT finally lost the proverbial plot.
There’s so much to pray for. So many needs our children have. But the greatest and most important prayer we can pray is for the salvation of their souls.
Hooking the reader in from the start, this effortlessly written story holds you with spine-tingling fascination and horror, keeping you gripped to the very unexpected end. The Glass Demon is not a novel for the fainthearted but with its elements of romance, family dysfunction, intrigue and terror it makes a thrilling read - and I believe it appeals to adults as much as it’s intended YA audience.
Phil replies, "It's a small, small world Joe, and you're fired."
We tried to get more out of her, but I think our stunned expressions might have caught her off guard, and she refused to tell us anything more.
Is this unsettling news being splashed around by the same mainstream media that, only a few years ago, were somberly warning about the risks of global climate change, and trumpeted from the rooftops by climate change activists as proof that their warnings were justified? Not that I’ve heard. In
A house lived in for decades by the same person, or indeed centuries by the same family, emanates an atmosphere of old loves, lost friends, past thoughts, agreements and disagreements, happiness and misery. It is a palpable and telling atmosphere that can be sinister and threatening, joyous and soothing. A happy family will have a happy house, regardless of taste and decoration. Sophistication and style are not always analogous with happiness, which springs rather from comfort, good manners, colors that please the eye, works of art, flowers, and cherished objects...
Act like a challenger.
The Pediatricians said, "Oh, grow up!"
Last week's brouhaha with Trevor Manuel underscored how fragile the currency and the economy is - and how insignificant we are. The eyes of investors are open and in the world of finance there is no place for sentimental crap. They will pull the rug from under you in a heartbeat.
I’m lying in my bed with a compress on my head when I hear him come through the door, singing. He’s drunker still and in good spirits. He and Brian’s dad have bonded over a bottle of Crown Royal.
The singing of the angels, the comfort of our Lord.
Fortunately, just around the corner, I discovered the quite lovely Gallerina art gallery. It's website may be 'under development', but I can assure you that the gallery itself is well and truly finished - and there you'll find an eclectic mix of intelligent painting and sculpture while discovering some local talent that hasn't been relegated to a corridor outside a gentleman's lavatory.
Okay it’s too early in the day to go down THAT road now.
weekend trips
But I found my place, it was the first one I applied for and got (all whilst I was in Singapore)!!
“Side one” closes with “Running to Stand Still,” a more meditative and less-epic heroin-ballad cousin to the other Best U2 Song Ever, “Bad” from 1984′s The Unforgettable Fire. (By the way, I held on to Unforgettable Fire as my favorite U2 album for as long as I could… in a way I think of it as The Joshua Seeds.)
Are you allowing others around you to put out the Holy Spirit’s fire in your heart? Or are you allowing that fire to spread throughout your loved ones, families, friends, etc. This is the way that we must live — but as in all things, like an example.
Vinegar marinated carrots - 2
05:38pm
-For Front Load Machines – use ¼ Cup per load (Approx. 640 loads)
Musa Aman has denied any business connection with Michael Chia, even though Chia was a prolific operator on the Sabah timber scene after 2004.
With Sanity Saving Time (SST), you can declare it tomorrow RIGHT NOW! No waiting around moping thinking, THIS DAY SUCKS AND I WANT IT TO BE OVER! You can forget about all of that crap (literally) and declare this a brand new day.
In sum, a propaganda approach to media coverage suggests a systematic and highly political dichotomization in news coverage based on serviceability to important domestic power interests. This should be observable in dichotomized choices of story and in the volume and quality of coverage… such dichotomization in the mass media is massive and systematic: not only are choices for publicity and suppression comprehensible in terms of system advantage, but the modes of handling favored and inconvenient materials (placement, tone, context, fullness of treatment) differ in ways that serve political ends.
Firstly, this is a fine, energetic production that defies carping. As well as Dillon, there is an actor I didn't know - David Caves - as a sexy, muscular, charismatic Petruchio, striding round the aptly-named thrust stage as a convincing Alpha male.
yoga | is definitely going to be my favourite day of the week. Yoga is an incredibly powerful activity, and very complimentary to running. Where running is very high impact with a lot of compression on the joints, bones and muscles, yoga is no impact and focuses on the breath, stretching and lengthening the muscles and connective tissue. My plan is to attend at Saturday morning moksha class at Moksha Yoga Vancouver.
After the dance scene is over, I noticed a change in Karen Lopins' character; she seemed more confident, more comfortable in her own skin. Speaking of which, the amount of leg Karen shows during the finale at Hutton's mansion was unequivocally awesome. I adored the way she had her legs crossed as she sat bound and gagged, and plus she got tell Lauren Hutton's character, an aging vampire who needs to consume the blood of a virgin male in order to remain relatively youthful in appearance, to "fuck off" in a forthright manner.
To complete this project as shown, you will need the following supplies: Cricut Expression and mat, Mickey & Friends cartridge, Mickey Font cartridge, Diamond and Black Diamond Stickles, white gel pen, black pen, Cuttlebug (optional) with Swiss Dots embossing folder and Tiny Bubbles embossing folder (or embossing folders of your choice), black chalk ink, red and green chalk ink, hole punch, 3D pop dots, dark brown acrylic paint (inexpensive stuff from any craft store), plus basic tools and adhesive.
1.Elder Burch And Congregation / My Heart Keeps Singing
He also explained the hallway outside the door would be a safe zone - it is not sporting to kill people outside the doors as they came and went. You can kill anyone at anytime but your target is worth more points than just any kill. They also told us that if anyone sees the kill happen it does not count. It has to be stealthy and sneaky. Then they took our photos and had us all wait outside the room as they called us back in one by one and gave us a "dossier" of who our kill was supposed to be and sent us on our way!!
9/10- Expellant, will remain on my bookshelf forever
BFF: “I think I want to be a mother.”
That swells upon prospects, rarely spent
1 1/2 cups baking powder
- Mary Oliver
of having an accent, but just reinforcing obliviousness.
Monday 5:30-6:30 pm
Last year I finished the race on 1:05.55. This year I finished in 1:02, beating last year by almost 4 minutes. I didn’t beat an hour but I was thrilled to have improved that much!
3 peering
God gave them up to a reprobate mind.”
Today, however brought new joys. Children who sat and worked hard. A mom at peace. A new garage door being installed by a guy who has 10 siblings, some of which are adopted, and all of whom were home schooled.
Humanities last hope comes in the form of a mortal peasant called Theseus (Henry Cavill), to whom Zeus (Luke Evans) himself has chosen to lead the fight against Hyperion’s blood thirsty army. However, with the imminent threat of the Titans, Zeus could be forced to take more drastic measures to ensure light triumphs over darkness.
Thanks for looking. I'm entering this card into two challenges.
26. Wolf of Erlik - Argosy All-Story Weekly 4 parts Oct 22, 29, Nov 5, 12
Although perhaps not the last word in excellence, his orchestra
Sadly, despite much speculation back in January, they have opted not to use any of this blog’s excellent suggestions for naming the new beer. Instead they have gone for Carling Zest. This will be a limited edition version of Carling that will be available for sale between March and September.
I’ll gladly bet my last cent that our ‘dear’ Huiting did not, once, attended NS. Thereby it’s safe to say she did NOT have to suffer or go through what NS people did/do.
Heat Embossed the damask design in black on the DP, from the Inkadinkadoo damask collection stamp set.....
Modern education has been under attack for some time. Some critics complain that education in America hasn’t seen any major innovations since the Great Depression, where schools main focus was training students to stand in line, take orders, and respond to disciplinary action; essentially training kids to be factory workers, the most ubiquitous job of the age. At the time this was extremely relevant training and provided what are now our parents and grandparents with the discipline needed to survive.
1/2 cup confectioner's sugar
The revelations about Morrison's past give a clear indication as to what he was seeking from his relationships with women. However, one has to ask what was in it for Amy, and why did she stay with him for as long as she did , given that the violence apparently started from very early in the relationship.
My grandparents were fortunate. They survived their debts and kept their farm—finally, and almost too late, with help from my father, who had begun his law practice in the county seat. But in the century and more since that hard year of 1907, millions of others have not been so fortunate. Owing largely to economic constraints, they have lost their hold on the land, and the land has lost its hold on them. They have entered into the trial of displacement and scattering that we try to dignify as “mobility.”
“I was impressed with how articulate the spokespeople were and how focused they were on staying organized, being non-violent, being co-operative as people who feel they have a message to deliver,” said Sutton.
Most DIAs are written so that once income payments start, they continue for the remainder of the annuitant’s lifetime. But DIAs do vary in design, depending on the carrier, Baker adds. For example, some allow the income to start after the first policy year, while the rare few allow it to start after the first two policy years.
“It’s true!” Nikolas’ hands traced the shape in the air. “See, your faux-hawk is the point, and then the hair sort of curves”—his fingers made a ridiculous wave motion—“And then it makes the bulb-ish shape. Get it?”
His story reminded me of how I used to believe I had no imagination because when I was about seven my teacher had actually written in my report card
S: Any advice for them?
There is...
Me "Yes."
(c) the corporation shall conduct a public hearing pursuant to such notice, provided that such public hearing shall not take place before the adoption or the filing of such plan by the corporation;
hair - frayed burlap, walnut stain
I wish he could do it without effort...I wish it came easier to him.
The Environmental Protection Agency is using its power to advance the objective of the environmental movement to deny Americans access to the energy that sustains the nation’s economy and is using the greatest hoax ever perpetrated, global warming—now called “climate change”—to achieve that goal.
After spending a lot of time this week researching copyright of papers (including scrapbooking papers, downloadable scrapbook papers etc...) it has become very apparent that even scrapbooking paper you buy in a store or online and even some downloadable ones PLUS, as the lovely Amanda has pointed out in her comment on this post...even gift wrap...are subject to copyright, even when they say that they can be used for small commercial productions....so buyer beware, is all I can surmise. So, I decided to play it very safe and made my own spotty papers using Microsoft Paint (not very technical, I know...but I will look into how I can make more complicated designs).
she close her eyes and soul
This was a slow run, even for me. The humidity this morning was at 93% and with a 72 degree temperature, it was like running through a brick wall. It’s been a long time since I sweated this much. I was sweating the minute I walked out of the door this morning.
Oh, and by the way, I received the appointment letter last Thursday. I worked on Friday. My appointment was for Tuesday at 9AM. The letter told me all kinds of new things that I had to bring to the appointment. All of them were different than the original list that was given to me by the prefecture. You know those 15E and 55E timbres? Well, I didn't need ONE of each. I needed NINE 15E stamps and THREE 55E stamps. That would be 300 Euros in stamps. Oh and I also needed a chest X-Ray and records of all my vaccinations and hospitalizations. I had Monday to make all of this happen.
In last few days the temperature has dropped from 3 Celsius to -15 Celsius, so I wanted to know the temperature before going out. As electronic hobbyist and DIY fanatic it wasn’t an option to go to shop and buy thermometer, so in with quick and easy Arduino hack.
Let stand for 10 minutes before serving.
One of the comments I received on Monday (again, this was on Facebook, not here), was that a student wearing a fictional Jesus costume is actually persecuting christians! My, this is setting the bar for persecution rather low. If telling someone that they are wrong amounts to persecution, then I daresay my friend was persecuting me when he disagreed with my blog post. And who cares if he was? Who cares if he was telling me I’m wrong? I have never found it to be such a terrible thing. Unpleasant, certainly, but far more pleasant than an unfree exchange of ideas.
This is not really a recipe. It's a set of instructions. Once you make it, you will get the hang of it.
I know a lot about eggs. My grandparents raised chickens (so does my sister) and my mother told me once she had a pet chicken who was born with no feathers. They had to keep her inside for fear she'd freeze when the temperatures were low. I think she called her Inky Dink, but I'll have to defer to my sister to correct me if that's wrong. I buy about 3 dozen eggs a week to bake with or to eat and although my lovely daughter, Erin would like me to bake Vegan, I just can't bring myself to do without eggs and butter...sorry sweetie.
5) knit 6, knit 2 together, around
Malunggay - [Mah-loong-GUY] (Moringa oleifera) Also known as sajina, horseradish tree and a host of other names, malunggay is native to the Indian Subcontinent, but is widely grown and used in the Philippines. While nearly all parts of the tree have culinary and/or medicinal use, malunggay leaves in particular are gaining attention and prominence in Filipino cuisine as something of a wonder food, purportedly containing more vitamins C and A, calcium, protein and potassium than oranges, carrots, milk and bananas, respectively. Comparable in taste and texture to spinach, the dark green thumbnail-sized leaves are often added to tinola, a traditional, delicately-flavored soup of chicken, ginger and green papaya. In this pesto, malunggay imparts a fresh yet distinctly grassy flavor, so I would suggest substituting a portion of the leaves with some cilantro to draw in a more herbaceous taste, if preferred.
2.) I've been playing shows, working, thinking, etc all the time.
Controller noted that the drug is available to little above 2% of the eligible patients in India and thus reasonable requirements of the public are not satisfied. One of the reasons given by Bayer for lesser sales of the patented drug by Bayer in India was that Cipla makes a similar infringing drug for Indian market at a lesser price. However, The Controller did not take this into consideration saying that the demand in the market for the patented drug has to be fulfilled by the patentee and not a third party. The Controller stressed on the fact that Form 27 (Working of invention statement) filed by Bayer in 2009 and 2010, show only an insignificant quantum (only Rs. 2 Crore for 2009) of possible sales for the eligible patients.
formation of the Eaglet Momsters group, our friendships
The intention for eating should be to strengthen oneself for the purpose of worshiping Allah and to be rewarded fore one’s eating and drinking.
And see?! He doesn't sleep ALL the time! Reminds me of when I took Meri to one of Ryan's third grade class parties and she slept the whole time. One little girl came up and asked if her eyes were open yet. I think she must have had puppies or kittens at home.
After a few cocktails with my friends, I met the ex-wife of the deadbeat I was pseudo-seeing (Mind you, at the time, I didn’t think of him as a deadbeat. I thought of his deadbeat-ness as probably temporary and situational, and I only thought of our fun times and frequent shags). I knew who she was because he’d mentioned her, and she has a very distinctive name. I wondered whether or not to mention the connection, and I thought it might be better left unsaid for the time being, since we were all just out having fun.
If you have a fiscal situation, like sudden expenses of the people in the You.Vertisements. and need funds now, you will find there’s supply of your hard earned money challenge resolved – by another day.&nbsp Everyone is in a bit of a pickle at the present time.&nbspYou are in good company.&nbspBecause from the complications in homes and home Loans, banking, technological innovation and list, the overall overall economy is influenced the decline influences everybody.
Today I wore
I saw the injured fox squirrel again today, he’s looking really rough, I’m not sure if he’s going to make it, poor little guy. I won’t post photos of him, for some reason, it just doesn’t seem right. I’m not going to take advantage of his suffering that way. He was sunning himself today, the warm sunshine probably felt good to him.
Moshe Feiglin: Loser
I love it when my husband creates a sauce so good, I’m up late thinking of other things to put it on.
Is it just coincidence that the two greatest social changes, affecting human reproduction, in the second half of the 20th Century resulted in tens of millions of western children not being born? If so, then here is another coincidence.
“She threw a stuffed animal at me.”
Kate and I have been debating and debating... read-a-thon or review-a-thon? After much discussion, we decided: why can't we have our cake and eat it too? I mean we both need to work on something: reading and reviewing or one versus the other. And what a better time than now to do it!
I’m healed, I’m free, I’m done with Martin. Yeah, right.
Test this by inserting a fork into the centre and separating the flesh. If it falls off easily, you are good to go.
Then it was over, this exchange of exes, I assume. It lasted 5 minutes, but I have had the picture in my mind ever since witnessing it. It warmed my heart and made me feel hopeful.
And I hate you
Car with driver Cannes, Luxury & Fashion Shopping Tours
I plan on starting a 3 day shakeology cleanse and getting back into clean and healthy eating. I am also going to finish up Insanity and start Asylum afterwards. And i need to fit in some strength training too. I am going to try out a class called joggalates. First half running and last half pilates. I just need to get out of bed around 4:45am to do it! I hope it is the spark that gets me back to exercising first thing in the morning.
I thought about this yesterday because Louise (4.5) was having a difficult day. She was short-tempered and impatient and that lead to her yelling at me a few times. I thought about how I could have responded. I could have ignored her until she figure out how to talk to me more politely. I could have said something rude to her about how unacceptable her yelling was. I could have yelled back at her.
Social media and networks are providing lots of ways for people to self publish and also for those with traditional deals to promote in a way that has never existed before. With the traditional publishing model, the publicity machine kicks in 3 months before publication. Now that authors have a major part to play in publicising their own books, they can begin the process with blogs, websites, Facebook etc 12-18 months before their book hits the shelves, giving them the chance to build up an advance readership.
Williams is way off base. Minorities were largely absent from commercials when America was an overwhelmingly homogeneous country. There were no 'subservient' blacks or blacks of any kind in most commercials. And commercials simply reflected the real world, or at least far more closely than they do today. Why was it wrong to show the world as it was, rather than as elitists wish it to be?
When Hazel discovers some of her mother’s letters in the attic some long held family secrets are revealed. Gradually the story of the past and the present unfold and the sister’s stories are given alternate chapters.
Plus, I made and devoured this awesomeness!
Why stop at cats? Dog breeds are equally problematic, corgis snap, labradors go to fat, spaniels shed, and Afghans are totally useless when it comes to guarding your house. Surely the way ahead for the survival of the species is through the creation of the mono-breed mutt.
is “a possessor”, not one living only in the realm of hope.
As a Cathar, Jerf was prone to eating food that had been recently killed, a fondness that had often left his Master green in the face. As a result—and out of a genuine need to make those around him more comfortable—Jerf had long-since agreed to only eat meals that had been properly prepared when in the presence of his friend.
Stamp the middle letter First, then work your way out.
So now not only do I want this sweet SUV, I’m seriously contemplating upgrading the navigation system. Well played Lexus, well played. I should also note that their waiting area is fabulously stocked with drinks, newspapers, and magazines, and I wouldn’t have minded waiting in their comfy leather chairs. They also bring back your car all washed and beautiful. They got me.
“A mere demarcation on parchment of the constitutional limits (of government) is not a sufficient guard against those encroachments which lead to a tyrannical concentration of all the powers of government in the same hands.” - James Madison, Federalist Paper #48, 1788.President Obama signed an Executive Order for “National Defense” yesterday that claims executive authority to seize all US resources and persons, including during peacetime, for self-declared “national defense.”
Zimmerman, may God have mercy. The demons in hell that you obeyed are coming for your soul.
A “mystery” is truth that was hidden in the Old Testament but revealed in the New (Rom. 16:25-26). The Old Testament did not see the church age in between Christ’s two comings.
What we see with the ALEC cartel is an anti-democratic, self-serving agency wholly controlled, even owned, by the radical conservative billionaire Koch brothers. The entire purpose of ALEC is to prepare legislation designed solely to promote the interests of the very rich and the ultra-conservative, which their legislative sycophants submit without change. No further proof is needed that anti-democratic elements of the extractive society exist even in strong democracies.
4. Go fresh. Your body is better at digesting real foods which often has less sodium and carbohydrates than the processed versions.
services account” BASA” may have been depleted by the Minister to
"It was the question Thoreau had asked Emerson. William could not resist saying, "And what are you doing in there?"
First of all I'm gonna take a second to explain exactly what PFTs are because lots of my friends and family are familiar with them, but I've never really explained them in depth. The machine (which is now portable and is just hooked up to a laptop), involves a tube, a mouthpiece, and a device to measure the volume inhaled and exhaled in the lungs. I am given a pair of nose-clips to ensure I don't breathe out of my nose at all. Usually the PFT tech will ask me if I prefer being coached to which I always reply YES. For some reason, I like to have a cheerleader when doing my test. The testing starts with "easy breathing" for which little blips show up on the computer screen. I am then enthusiastically told to take a "BIG BREATH IN" and quickly blow as forcefully and quickly as I can. And then the PFT tech usually says something like "push push push push all the way out come onnnn, litttle mooooore" until I'm red in the face and I watch a little dial on the screen go all the way around like a speedometer. I then take a minute to catch my breath for another round. During the next round, the computer measures how I'm doing in comparison to the last one, so a little ticker will increase up to 100 and then turn green, meaning I beat my last result. This is very exciting to see and makes doing PFTs feel like a game, as I get more and more pleased with my results.
What's your writing process? Some map out everything in advance, some wing-it. Some maintain a strict schedule, some don't. What do you do?
Jonah understands and rushes Phat in anger, getting a rifle butt to the head. Mei Ling is led away to Peking.
- Sugar for rolling cookies and sprinkling on after baking
Make sure you check out the rest of the DT's manly cards:
This little piece of propaganda is pornographic in the debauchery it commits upon the truth. It would be perfectly at home in a newsletter from the National Abortion Rights Action League or the DNC, but the National Catholic Reporter? I’m a Jew, and yet I have more respect for Catholic principles than Mr. Whelan and the rest of you at NCR do.
Constantly comparing the current crop of Divas to Trish Stratus and Lita will cause one’s heart to harden to the efforts put forth by the Divas today. None of them are anywhere near performing as these two women have, but they are all far from being useless in the ring.
Furthermore, Alexandria was important to the cultus of Antinous. Hadrian and Antinous spent a great deal of time there in the year before Antinous’ death, and Hadrian returned there for an extended period after Antinous’ death. It is almost certain that there was a temple of some sort to Antinous in Alexandria. Hadrian’s influence on the city is also very marked. The coin of Antinous showing him as Antinous-Hermes on horseback on the reverse is an Alexandrian issue. Dionysius of Alexandria alluded to Antinous in his poem Periegete by calling him, in an acrostic, “the God Hermes under Hadrian.” So, Antinous’ connection to Alexandria is amply attested, and thus all the more relevant to a Roman-period festival of Alexandria’s foundation being observed in relation to him.
I mentioned my trepidation when approaching Sebald in my review of Austerlitz last week but that was nothing compared to the downright anxiety I felt about making a start on Coetzee. I knew I had to read him but with each successive publication my sense of where to start with him got more and more confused. Step in the Folio Society with another lovely edition that gives the Booker Prize winning Disgrace a well deserved re-appraisal more than 10 years after its original publication. I still feel a certain anxiety about Coetzee but it is now that I will find his later work as intimidating as ever whilst secretly wanting to read more of his earlier work, so brilliant was this intelligent, brave, angry and confused novel. As someone who began to find their reading maturity on a diet of Philip Roth's more passionate novels I felt as though I had found a replacement source of that fervour now that Roth has begun to focus so much on mortality and death. Disgrace is every bit as risky and controversial as I expected but also richly symbolic, brutal and exhilarating. What an introduction.
Through hitchhiking I’ve made it to a strange roadhouse. It’s nestled between two short brown dusty mountains, but high up, and I have view that extends 100s of miles into the desert. I don’t have a lot of time here — the tide is coming in, and when it does I will be stuck here for days, maybe weeks. I decide to make a call to my mother. A familiar voice answers the phone, but it isn’t her. I must have dialed the wrong number, but I can’t just hang up — I know this person. I have to figure out who it is without tipping them off that I unintentionally called them. I ramble uncomfortably about nothing for a few minutes. . . .
Best authors of all three categories (critical writing, visual communication practice and Beyond…) will be invited toBrisbaneto take part in a special extradisciplinary workshop resulting in a public intervention in the city ofBrisbane.
Of course, I know what you're going to say.......
In addition to attending numerous forthcoming specialist events around the world, Knight Knox has already successfully exhibited at the International Property Expo in Russia, Cityscape in Abu Dhabi, A Place in The Sun Live in the U.K., MAPEX in Malaysia, the SMART Property Expo in Singapore (pictured) and the Property Investor Show in the U.K.
LaRue might be the Easter Bunny, because he’s either laid an egg, or brought us an Easter treat. If Poutine’s identity is out in the open now, we can move the media onto focusing on the wider election fraud scandal that impacted 200 ridings.
REMOVING CRAYONS FROM A PAINTED WALL
Keeping distracted is what's on the agenda!
Mix the top four ingredients and season with salt or pepper. Shape into four patties and grill over medium heat for four to five minutes on each side. Allow burgers to rest five minutes before serving. Serve with the cucumber-yogurt sauce below.
Magnificent and epic. One of my favorite synth record to come out of germany in the late 70's/early 80's.
Instead of studying with the Tyndall One Year Bible this year I am studying with Through the Bible in One Year by Alan B. Stringfellow. It is a Study that I used for teaching back in around 1989 so I will enjoy it again. This week's reading is the Book of Isaiah.
(And, in case you're wondering, Pod is responsible for his own wardrobe and pretty much wears the same thing year-round, just adding a coat in the fall. It's better that I don't interfere).
He was at the front door when he stopped, turned back. Mommy was still at the table, hands grasped as if in prayer.
His song is "Love is Not a Fight" and I attached it at the bottom. It is now one of my favorites, one of the songs that when I hear it, I think of my husband's face and his love for me. And the fact that he is worth fighting through the temptations, fighting selfishness, fighting the flesh and all of the arrows that the devil shoots our way. Love is not a fight, but it's something worth fighting for.
I just can't see it, and wonder what it all holds for me. What will 2008 bring in its wake?
As this new season starts up, I find myself thinking about color. More specifically, I've been thinking about the colors of my wardrobe and how living in Oklahoma has changed them. More than ever, I feel that environment plays a huge role in the color choice of a wardrobe.
Let me introduce you to a friend of mine. I've known her for awhile now, although she just recently moved here from New York, where her short-lived college education preceded an equally short-lived career as a model.
You may indicate how you are networking with existing genocide reduction networks and organizations.
Smartphone usage has skyrocketed, and some advertisers have begun to experiment with aggressive, new techniques to display ads on mobile devices. This includes pushing ads to the standard Android notification bar, dropping generically designed icons on the mobile desktop, and modifying browser settings like bookmarks or the default homepage. Because each of these techniques can display an advertisement outside the context of a specific application, it’s very difficult for users to know exactly which app is responsible for any given ad. Ad Network Detector provides a method for users to determine which ad network and application are the source for such ads.
13. Hootchie Kootchie Man
“Only YOU could dream about running a Sardine shop” She said.
Hands crumpling like abstract origami
What needs to be noticed is the three emotions or ways of thinkings of the different religions.
My name is Nikki and I’m not embarrassed to say that I’m looking for a life partner. My step-brother, Anthony, says I’m too fat to be doing this but what does he know? I’m what you call a full-figured gal and there are plenty of takers out there who prefer something to grab onto, this I know.
Have I ever confided in you, the world at large, that I have this aspiration, this . . . dream . . . of being a published writer? Well, I do. If you were to ask me what my passion is, writing would certainly be very near the top of my list. But I usually feel ambivalent about saying outright, “I want to be a writer,” because, really, who doesn’t? I have this sneaking suspicion that just about every blogger out there fancies him- or herself a bona fide writer, with fantasies of being discovered and seeing their name in bylines and on book covers. And who am I but a harried stay-at-home mom with no college education, a lot of opinions and a good computer? My point? There are lots and lots of people out there who write, who write very well, and who write about compelling topics. I’m a small fish in a big sea.
Information in hand, I marched back to my house to retrieve my friend (who hadn't been informed of the situation) chuck some handy supplies in a bag (torch, candles, water, mozzie repellant, first aid kit) and then retreated to higher ground. Soon everyone had gathered. As a very small place, more of a retreat than a resort, there were only about 20 guests and we hunkered down with the staff on a rustic bare-board platform perched on top of the jungle clad hill. This was where, the cooks told us, villagers spent days after the 2004 tsunami that had wiped out their homes, tying themselves to trees to prevent their families being washed away.
Much of New Zealand food is “contaminated with disease-causing bacteria and viruses as a result of over-crowded factory farming conditions and unhygienic processing plants.” NZ Green Party said.
note: f2p = free to play
3 Reptile (ATTAR! Remix) 7:05
Him: Correct.
So far all I have done is paint the exterior with Ralph Lauren textured paint to look like stone. I've also either made or commissioned floors for every room but the biggest one on top floor. That room is going to have a chevron floor; the pieces are all cut, the pattern is made....another thing I need to sit down and do. It just feels a little daunting for some reason.
The reliable core of hardline contributors to our comments are to a man (or woman) convinced of the value of, and need for, deterrence to prevent offending and reoffending. Of course deterrence can work - I would not dream of parking in a location where I might be clamped any more than I would consider shoplifting, that would have different but devastating consequences for me - but I have often pointed out that for someone to be deterred they must possess rational reasoning and thought processes. Drink and drugs, taken in sufficient quantity, will often blank out any deterrent effect, leaving the user to do things that are not just wrong, but manifestly against his own interest. Others simply do not connect actions with consequences, and these people fill our courts every day.
Look to your house Hollywood! Look to your house!
The lovely Susan Buchanan kindly asked me if I wanted to review her book and I of course was up for it. Even though, I have never read a book similar to this one I was intrigued on how the plot would be developed and whether or not I would enjoy reading it.
When I arrived at the café, the outdoor pavilion was closed & table service was inside only. Sitting at a table by the front window, not a lot of traffic along Decatur Street that early so I turned my attention to people watching inside the café. A few local business folks but mostly tourists enjoying the bill of fare: piping hot Beignets absolutely covered in powdered sugar & Café au Lait.
Grand parent bear
To be honest, I have absolutely no idea as to how I am going to start this review. I did write a review for the last book in the series a long time ago - which as far as I can remember, contained some of the best proof that I am indeed a lunatic fangirl (and it contains some of the best proof that I am unable to use a spell checker) - and if any of you even make a comment on this, then I shall assert this lunacy into a place where it is going to really hurt you. (While I was re-reading this after I have read this, I just realized that this could be mistaken for a really dirty joke. Apologies, my friends.) For some reason or another, I felt the need to tell you that rather irrelevant piece of information. Now, I am going to actually discuss the book. So please expect a very biased, mildy funny and somewhat insane review of Almost True by Keren David.
Last month, the U.S. Marshals Service removed all the federal agency’s inmates from Orleans Parish jails, citing concerns about poor (!) conditions. Gusman gets paid per diem for U.S. Marshal prisoners. That’s more money out of his budget. With the HOD closing, that’s more per diem money out of his pocket.
Of course, he tells her — but wait a bit.
3. Deadline
I'm really not kidding. The last couple of days I've found out some people I never realised were reading it. Some even claimed to be enjoying it (mental patients, probably), but I only thought about 3 people were reading it, and one of those probably had to for Janathon Judging reasons. One was Mrs Badger and the other one I think is just lost or something.
In infinite delight and form.
Your download? Oh, no, you DO NOT get "Tennessee Waltz" or the other familiar 40's stuff from Readers Digest compilations. You can imagine (and probably don't want) the Anita Bryant-type and Doris Day-type stuff she did. What you get are six examples (from entire albums available) of why Patti Page is (unjustly denied the title of) America's greatest female vocalist. You wouldn't expect her to do a good job on:
Gregg Jevin, of course, was from a later generation. But, like Frank Carson, I could never find the switch to turn off the stage character and turn on the ‘real’ person.
I loove a little mommy time, dont you?
We got home and looked at our stash...not one, but two bags of noms and mom got a t-shirt to support the shelter. I thought mom almost went Mike Tyson on Dad, when buying the shirt she asked for a medium and dad said "Remember, you'll grow into it..." I couldn't even look at the man...Duncan even stopped mid stream as he was peeing on a tree...Did he really just say that??
Necklace: Diva
Since we bought the house, we fixed up the shed, put in a fence, and built our first small garden. At approximately 8′-0″ x 7′-6″, it’s enough for a couple plants, but not the whole salad. Hopefully, with the new elements below, we’ll have enough room to grow everything we need.
That’s the status of every single person who is crushing on someone. Not only the singles, but also for the taken people out there. It feels great that with a single glance of your special someone will make your day complete, right? Feels like your in a paradise with him/her.
1/2 cup (1 stick) unsalted butter
There’s nothing quite like a night in an old hotel. Last year we stopped by the St. James Hotel up in Cimarron and now we’ll check out the Shaffer Hotel in Mountainair. Mountainair, about 90 minutes south of Albuquerque, was named for the fresh breezes that blow off the surrounding mountains and down through the town. Mountainair is also the self-proclaimed “Pinto Bean Capital of the World.” This second claim to fame tells you something about what most people in Mountainair do for a living.
Daddy P will be home here in a minute.
As a fan of the steampunk genre I was eager to read Haywired and it certainly lives up to expectations. Alex Keller successfully channels the spirit of Mary Shelley with a nod to Frankenstein's Monster as his mad scientist creates his diabolical abominations in his gothic castle.
After constantly changing my mind about the decor, I think I have decided on this lovely bed and these bed side tables to match from Maison Du Monde.
The Occultists, who do not say—if they would express themselves correctly—that matter, but only the substance or essence of matter, is in destructible and eternal, (i.e., the Root of all, Mulaprakriti): assert that all the so-called Forces of Nature, Electricity, Magnetism, Light, Heat, etc., etc., far from being modes of motion of material particles, are in esse, i.e., in their ultimate constitution, the differentiated aspects of that Universal Motion which is discussed and explained in the first pages of this volume (See Proem). When Fohat is said to produce “Seven Laya Centres,” it means that for formative or creative purposes, the GREAT LAW (Theists may call it God) stops, or rather modifies its perpetual motion on seven invisible points within the area of the manifested Universe. “The great Breath digs through Space seven holes into Laya to cause them to circumgyrate during Manvantara” (Occult Catechism). We have said that Laya is what Science may call the Zero-point or line; the realm of absolute negativeness, or the one real absolute Force, the NOUMENON of the Seventh State of that which we ignorantly call and recognise as “Force”; or again the Noumenon of Undifferentiated Cosmic Substance which is itself an unreachable and unknowable object to finite perception; the root and basis of all states of objectivity and subjectivity too; the neutral axis, not one of the many aspects, but its centre. It may serve to elucidate the meaning if we attempt to imagine a neutral centre—the dream of those who would discover perpetual motion. A “neutral centre” is, in one aspect, the limiting point of any given set of senses. Thus, imagine two consecutive planes of matter as already formed; each of these corresponding, to an appropriate set of perceptive organs. We are forced to admit that between these two planes of matter an incessant circulation takes place; and if we follow the atoms and molecules of (say) the lower in their transformation upwards, these will come to a point where they pass altogether beyond the range of the faculties we are using on the lower plane. In fact, to us the matter of the lower plane there vanishes from our perception into nothing—or rather it passes on to the higher plane, and the state of matter corresponding to such a point of transition must certainly possess special and not readily discoverable properties. Such “Seven Neutral Centres,”* then, are produced by Fohat, who, when, as Milton has it—
go and no task undertaken but to turn the pages of
36. Lil ah sick, big a get better. When you are small you are insignificant, but when you become big you are strong and important.
We ended up out in an area where another estate sale was going on. I had seen the advertisement on Estatesales.net, but made up my mind that I wasn't interested because they used words like "quality antiques" and "fine antiques". Plus, when I looked through the pictures, I wasn't impressed. I thought I'd have better luck driveway shopping at garage sales.
Moreover, I’m never the one who gives up on someone I truly care about. But I guess, a relationship is indeed a two-way street. No matter how much I want to hold on and salvage whatever there is left, I can only take so much. I’m trying my best to understand where you’re coming from, convincing myself that whatever it is, it is not enough reason for you to throw everything that we’ve been through..
Florida, Uruguay
Let's put the prickles down, and try to look at this rationally.
rag stuffed for weight...
Reminds me of this:
Sat 5 Feb: Northern TUC anti-cuts seminar then public rally, Newcastle
There were also several interesting workshops. I already mentioned the raw foods one briefly, but what I didn't mention was that there was actually food to try! I was rather suspicious of it at first, but the ONLY thing I didn't like was the guacomole, and that's just because I never like guacomole! I also caught the tail end of a talk on radical unschooling by Kelly Lovejoy, which made me sad, but what I did hear was very interesting, and my mom was there for the whole workshop and really felt that she got a lot out of it.
Moon watched as Ziggy completely exhausted the Rocker dog, he was running rings around it!
* Training at the associate degree level will require you to complete two years of online education.
3. Dice the remaining bacon into ½ inch lardons and render the bacon in a hot skillet until the fat comes out and the bacon is cooked.
“The east wind caressed the side of her cream colored face, sending her long fiery red hair into a fluttery dance around her head. Lilacs and roses tangled in the breeze, a rich perfume that thickened the air with a majestic sweetness that puzzled the mind. The sun hit her apple cheeks with a golden ray that made her visage glow like bright embers.”
First into the playground was Brenda, suffering a bit from being in the sunshine over in Michigan. Her card, here, was a Christmas stunner - super papers and such a cute Christmas Fairy! Then, on a second visit Brenda brought another fabulous card, such gorgeous flowers and a load of work must have gone into making it. It's truly beautiful and I've got it earmarked to be a challenge winner Brenda. Brenda's next card was another really super Christmas one, using tapestry stamps - if you haven't tried them yet, they really are huge fun to use and give terrific results as you'll see over at Brenda's.
president of the united states is what i'd like to be
And they ain't done yet.
When I read Don't Breathe a Word by the seriously talented and amazing Holly Cupala, I emailed with her as I blazed through the book. I don't do this often, but this is a book I HAD to talk about, even as I read it. Since I already had spent time emailing with Holly and talking to her, I didn't feel weird. But I admit, my emails when I am on a reading high are... spastic. I filled her inbox anyway, giving her basically every thought I had, good or bad or angry or hopeful.
I used their friendly, easy and interesting way they posted as base for my blog.
The first picture is right after I painted it, and it was definitely more blue than I expected. The second picture shows it an hour later, after it dried a little darker. I’m still undecided. Our bedroom is a pretty big room, so it’s going to be a lot of blue. All or nothing, I suppose.
David Tracy
Unchained Melody - Glen Ricks (Al Hibbler N’55)
my run
My car had other plans.
I really wanted to start stitching on some of my cards, but me and the sewing machine don't get on - I did have another go with it a couple of days ago, but I couldn't even thread the blimmin' thing lol. So I decided to have a go at hand-stitching on today's card, and I'm quite pleased with it really :o) Maybe one day I'll work the sewing machine out, but at least I can do it this way until then!
something to eat or drink,
~Liz M.
I’ll post pictures along the way, of course.
we've had our ups and downs, but through each moment we have been there, holding the other one and reminding them what's important. i can always count on you to say what i need to hear, even when it's not what i want to hear.
I cannot fly. Cannot soar. The key is often misplaced by my door.
The tattoo will be completely customizable in appearance, as will the vibration from the tattoo itself. This could allow people to integrate body art into social connectivity.
OW! I think that old biddy on the left is using her knickers as a catapult for those dominos. Let’s get out of here…
The Interior Ministry said they found an automatic gun, four pistols, a bomb, bullets and ammunition for grenade launchers as well as camouflage uniforms and tactical vests. Literature associated with radical Islam was also found.
I want to share a recipe from sunny Liguria. I trust you have all heard about the Pesto sauce. Today, however, I will share a variation of the traditional pesto recipe: “Trenette avvantagiae”, trenette (type of pasta similar to fettuccine), condite (dressed) with the aromatic pesto and enriched with patate (potatoes) and fagiolini (green beans) . . . doesn’t it sound delicious?
- Canned tomatoes 398 mL 3 for $4.00 (Hunt’s)
a huge box of stickers and die cuts, some used.
1) Don’t give up the cookies too fast
Until now, it has only been possible to isolate a relatively small number of mature human egg cells directly from the ovaries of women who have been stimulated with hormones. This technical limitation has led to an acute shortage of human eggs, or “oocycts”, for IVF treatment as well as scientific research.
No, not Winter. Although I like what you did there . . .
For dinner, we head over to Aonang Beach, where it is at a different area and to enjoy the sunset. The hotel provides shuttle for about THB 200, return for approximately MYR 20.00. To us it's convenient plus drop off and pick up schedule is punctual. The drive to Aonang from Sheraton Hotel is about 20-30 minutes.
Me: (thinking I’m going to pay out serious money for this child’s law degree). You don’t understand how nervous I am and I’m not getting into another metaphor match so you can misconstrue that too.
Below: I'm not sure if you can tell.... But my Umbrella was a little ill and the leaves on the lower part of it shriveled up and died. Three days after I gave it a tablespoon of Worm poo It appears to be a lot greener.
Hope everyone is having a good Monday.
If most 'local' services are in fact central government initiatives delivered by proxy, then why not scrap the local authorities and allow/force the government to deliver the services, and to take credit for their successes, and of course responsibility for any shortcomings.
Now, I don’t discount our need of our earthly shepherds because they are still the dispensers of the sacraments, especially those of Reconciliation and the Eucharist. It is just that some of them cannot fully comprehend where we Charismatics are, spiritually, making it difficult for them to provide in-depth spiritual guidance for us when they themselves have never experienced the fullness and spiritual gifts of the Spirit and, in many cases, even resist them.
Place all the ingredients in the Dutch oven, mix to combine, cover tightly, and cook in low heat for about 1 hour. Stir occasionally (not more than 3 times) to prevent sticking. Serve with a green lettuce salad with a lemon and olive oil dressing, and good, warm crusty bread to mop up the broth of the okra.
North Coast Old No. 38 Stout
* Project Management Professional
"Shongwe has endorsed the brutality of this police unit by saying that people found in taverns should not expect to be treated like people who are in church," Sihlali said.
Serve as the TTAB policy, practice and procedure expert and consultant to the Chief ATJ and other USPTO officials, conducting research on trademark issues that may become or are involved in TTAB proceedings and identify when there is a need for a statement of new or improved TTAB practice or procedure.
There were teddy bear hamster parts everywhere. There was teddy bear hamster blood smeared across the glass on the tank, there were little pieces of fluff and little beady eyeballs scattered all over the tank.
I am including a picture of his honor guard at his resting place. It was such a lovely ceremony. Taps will hit you in the gut every time.
So let me fill-you in on what a Bread Pudding's about
So, as we review the meaning of life on earth – the purpose of God’s creation of earth… we simply must go to the eternal level in Christ to focus on God, the holy angels, Satan, and the fallen angels to see the purpose of God in creating this earth whose foundation was laid in Jesus Christ who God gave us before the world began according to His own purpose and grace (not according to our works). This eternal view that “escapes” the natural minded and that they can by no means see so long as they lack the vision given by the Spirit to see Jesus in eternity… is the answer God gives in His Word.
It's so lovely to have orders and commissions but it eats into blogging time. I feel a little out of touch. I thought I'd pop by for a summary of the news.
I didn't pick up on this so had to bake them in the same tray
1. Develop and maintain state and federal contacts to provide leadership in your area of expertise in setting priorities and agendas.
"Art is a lie that makes us realize the truth."
There is nothing inherently wrong with these words. Pursuit of these things will not necessarily result in the ruination of someone’s life or damn their immortal soul…but the motivators behind our pursuit could. The bible tells us that God searches our heart and understands our true intentions. God knows the true reason for every choice I make, no matter what spin I may place on that decision to justify it to myself or others.
incorporate some Easter elements without going overboard.
Love, love day
I’ve had the opportunity to visit or be a part of many different churches in many different states and several different countries by now. It’s been a real privilege to see the churches, meet their members, and many times join in myself, in places such as Rome, France, South Africa, Madagascar, and of course Arkansas, Missouri, Oklahoma, and Oregon and a few other states whose churches I’ve only visited.
- Warehouse, 3rd floor (stop it. i’m crazy)
DISCLAIMER: I received a copy of this book for free from Zondervan for purposes of review. I was not required to give a positive review, only a fair and honest one. My opinions are my own.
On October 18th, in the year 2010, Juan Williams appeared on the O’Liely Factor. Williams joined O’Liely to discuss the “Muslim Problem.” This language is incendiary and completely insane. As someone with Jewish ancestry, I find it all too much akin to the “Jewish Question.”
What more could you ask for?
Gordon H. Clark: "The Bible consistently denies free will."
Another good way to find people is by checking out others’ “Following” and “Followers” lists. Find out who they like to follow and who’s following them. Once you follow someone, they may decide to follow you back. You'll do the same for your new followers--check your list now and then and see if you'd like to follow back the people who are following you. If you're not interested in following them back, you don't have to do anything, but if they're so creepy you don't even want them following you, hit "Block."
bonzo was a super trooper at the salon.
Lastly, I'll be following the recipe pretty closely, although I will be reducing the IBU down from 80 to 45. Not historical I know, but I am more interested in getting a sense of what type of flavors the brown malt contributes than making an exact historical reproduction. Also, as I have a healthy batch of washed West Yorkshire yeast (wy1469), I will be fermenting this beer with it.
Upon it’s release the movie received generally negative reviews, in particular from the fans who were dissapointed at how average the movie was. Despite this, X-Men Origins: Wolverine went on to financial success at the box office, taking over $370 million from a budget of $150 million. Two different end credit ‘tags’ were filmed, and shown randomly depending on where the movie was seen, each setting up potential sequels/spin-offs. The first that shows the character of Deadpool, believed killed in the movie, to still be alive, sparked rumours of a Deadpool movie. The second, showing Wolverine in a bar in Japan, setting up the sequel which, despite several set backs during production, is now expected to be released in 2013. The movie’s success also greenlit work to begin on another Origins movie, this time focusing on the mis-understood villain of the X-Men movies, Magneto, which would later be adapted instead to become a new X-Men series.
1.Did you map out the entire series from the beginning or did fate play a hand in any of the writing?
Bry and I walked out of the elevator on our floor and both looked at each other. We didn't have to say anything because we felt the same way.
Recently we transitioned Kiley into her crib, from her car seat. She had to sleep upright because of her mild reflux and cough/stuffiness. But... the cold is sloooooooowwwwlllllyyyyyyy going away. Just a little coughing in the morning and a little at night before bed.
A rare antique collector thinks he’s hit the big time when he discovers a valuable collectible doll packed away with a creepy picture of a dead girl. However, he soon learns that some toys are best left lost. Effectively spooky, and very visual.
There’s only 11 more shopping days before Halloween, and you haven’t finished your decorating yet! You don’t want a repeat of last year when you left all your decorating until Halloween Eve, do you? Your neighbours are still talking about how you overdosed on coffee and ecstasy, and carved pumpkins non-stop for 24 hours.
So, I present, without further ado, one of my favorite cuts off the album: William Shatner Captain Kirk of Star Trek, The Transformed Man, singing Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds.
I hope you will give this adorable little gift box a try! I know you can do it!
What the Fuck, Robin? I mean it, WTF? Do they expect me to go and personally invite them to grow the fuck up and take responsibility for their lives every fucking time there is an election? As if I have nothing better to do than to spend months consistently reminding them that they might have something at stake here?
Stumbled upon a questionnaire about autograph cards while browsing a blog linked from another regularly read blog. Figured I'd post it here so maybe my traffic might increase...
Still, still to hear her tender-taken breath,
She never called him "punk" when she told me the story. I chose the label because it's the strongest non-expletive I could come up with that conveys both his petty ignorance and my aversion to comments like this. It infuriates me that such a thing could happen at my alma mater, the so-called "Mecca" for Black college students, Howard University.
The result seemed to be successfully preventing the pawnshop from opening. But like a bad penny the shop has since turned back up and seems determined go open soon.
Now for some numbers. I don’t know for sure what kind of beer the 54/– to 80/– and the 6d and 8d beers were. Most likely Pale Ale, but I am not going to assume. As 210/– is ten guineas, I think we can take it that they were still making Disher’s Ten Guinea Ale up to the end. But look at the gravity of it and how it plummets by almost 20 gravity points in just five years. More happily, Jeffrey’s continued to brew it after they took over EUB in the 1930s and were still making Disher’s Extra Strong Ale at 1.088 in the 1950s.
How many cars does a man need?
So, anyway, diversionary-blog over, it's time for me to go and write. I have my machete, my compass, and a flask of water. I should be okay. See you on the other side.
So I am seeing a chiropractor three times a week and the pain is finally leaving me, he has worked on my muscles to loosen them up to stop them from pulling that vertebra away.
dimmu borgir Trocadero, Philadelphia, USA. 13.10.99
Now is a great time to buy a house or invest in Boise Idaho real estate!
"Obviously we're going to be looking at past practices, and I don't believe that anybody is above the law," Obama said in January. "But my orientation's going to be to move forward."
Jackson’s in first grade. His school (which we love) was electing its first ever student council last week. On the day it was announced Jackson came home bouncing off the walls. He told us everyone in the class wrote a speech. “In my speech,” he beamed with pride “I said we should have recess before lunch, not after.” Curious, Wendy and I asked why; to which he responded, “Because we are wild after recess. Lunch would calm us down.”
The race was VERY good! It was way better than last year and I was so excited about that. The last time I thought I was going to have a heat stroke. They had one water station at mile 1.5 where I took advantage of it. I managed around a 10 minute mile which is what I was pretty well going for. I had been running in the heat lately just for this particular race. Nothing on me hurt, and I felt good while I was running. After mile two whenever I was coming back it was quite hot because the sun was glaring in my eyes. I am so thankful that I had my ryder sunglasses. They saved me! On the second water station on the way back I asked for two glasses of water and I dumped one of them on my head. It felt so much better because my head felt like I could fry an egg on it.
A judge is expected to take up the fee dispute in a hearing this week. Beacon also wants a judge to dismiss the bankruptcy case, asking that the court retain limited jurisdiction to oversee the fee dispute with the government.
Also please remember if you don't see what you are looking for online, it might be in stock but we haven't had time to put it on line yet. Please call the shop on 01254 356501 during opening hours. We are also happy to take you order over the phone if you prefer to use that
While a tablet is now in the $500 price range – and dropping – never forget that tablets need to be replaced more often than PCs.
Tina Barrett : Barrett led some of the tracks on the groups’ albums, such as “I’ll Be There” and “Stronger”. Stronger was set to be a single, but was canceled when Paul Cattermole left the group. The six remaining members stayed together until 2003, when they split after releasing their greatest hits album.
It’s your classic oh shit moment, made worse by the realization that something in me still finds this bane of my existence attractive, and worse still because I’m sure he’s seen me first: as we nearly collide, he is looking hard right at the check-out without wavering. If he feels the shock wave of my recognition as I sail on past, he withstands it with the same determination he withstood every potentially intimate encounter during the fifteen years we were married, and for years after when I tried unsuccessfully to make the divorce amicable.
I am assuming this very first cucumber of the season was tasty....as it sure smelled wonderful!! Oh....the life with these dogs!!!!! It is NEVER a dull moment around here....EVER!!! And I certainly would not have it any other way!!!
(Marcy 4th) I met one of Col’s old friends from ‘back in the day’, Phil. I’d heard a lot about him and we had a fun day hanging out with him, both up in Belfast, Thunderdome for lunch and down in the apartment in Larne for the afternoon. I even made them a SW dinner, which went down better than expected!
“Are you crazy?” Akshay shocked
We love you Monkey!!
Show starts 7:30 pm
Once the strip of a desired size was sewn up I trimmed the sides and made another one.. Made a few and pieced them together to make a block.
The 9th affirms the denial of petitioner's claims. The petitioner plead to two counts of intentional murder, rather than aggravated murder, for which he received two terms, running consecutive, of at least 25 years each (a total of 50). The COA allowed petitioner to argue that counsel committed IAC in his plea and sentence. The 9th held that counsel was not ineffective in his advice regarding the plea, and the plea colloquy established a knowing plea. The petitioner knew the sentences could be run consecutive or concurrently. Counsel's argument at sentencing focusing on prior childhood abuse at the hands of a relative was strategic, even if it upset the family. The 9th also had an opportunity to consider the recent Martinez case concerning IAC of PCR counsel. The 9th broadened the COA to include a claim of IAC against PCR counsel, where petitioner asked for a limited remand to establish such ineffectiveness. The 9th denied the request, although admitting that in other instances, if the record is bare as to the actions of PCR counsel, a remand could be warranted. Here, PCR counsel could not be considered ineffective for failing to raise an IAC claim against trial counsel, given that the 9th found that any such claim would be meritless.
Are you interested in the “law of attraction” but not certain if our knowledge is complete? Do you know there is a “Secret” to manifesting our dreams, but feel we’re only now beginning to understand exactly how it is done? If you were in Egypt are you wondering if you would have dared to join in?
Spotify Premium is available through the app as a free 48-hour trial, with users able to extend the trial to 30 days by signing up through Spotify’s website. Continued Premium service is priced at $9.99 per month.
Angel Beats begins with a young man – Onotashi – waking up, not remembering his name, and being told by a girl in a school uniform holding a sniper rifle that he is dead and currently in the afterlife. Naturally he does not believe her and walks off to come across a girl named Angel. She also tells him that everyone in the world he currently is in is dead and drives the point home –in his chest. Remeeting up with the girl he met earlier – Yuri – and a few other people – most notably a man named Hinata and a girl named Iwasawa – he learns exactly where they are and what has happened.
3-4 cups vegetable stock/mushroom stock
9And I went unto the angel, and said unto him, Give me the little book. And he said unto me, Take it, and eat it up; and it shall make thy belly bitter, but it shall be in thy mouth sweet as honey.
wash and cut the cucumber in to 1 inch lengths-I did this to avoid long strands of cucumber
Find a job doing what you love, and you’ll never work a day in your life.
Urad dal - 1 cup.
I mean, I’ve got a whole shelf of recipe books and I can honestly flip through them and say that nothing sounds very appealing. Am I just being a spoiled 5 year old who needs to be forced to eat things? Or is it something deeper? Of course, most of the cuisine that I was raised on either sends me into a comatose state after eating (meat and potatoes) or sends my stomach reeling due to an obscene amount of grease. Or both. And I have yet to find any niche or genre of foods that doesn’t contain things that set my stomach off or are actually tasty. There are a lot of healthy foods that I do like, but I have yet to find good ways to prepare them so that I will enjoy them.
Rzeznik broke her writer’s block by penning the hit song “Iris,” which made her a rich and famous lady and put the Goo Goo Dolls and Buffalo on the map. I’m going to break my writer’s block (hopefully), but will receive no such recognition.
A few pictures follow from his various events last week -
I'm Lori Craig, and I'm so excited to be sharing The Cat's Pajamas with you today. I have been stamping and making cards for over 10 years, and I'm one of the newest contributors at CPS. I came on board last summer. It's a great fit for me because designing with a sketch leaves a lot of room for artistic interpretation and it makes me happy.
we are his people, and the sheep of his pasture.
taco chips
How does the Holy Spirit guide us? By our conscience, which is enlightened by the Ten commandments and Word of God. Isaiah 30:21; Isaiah 8:20.
With all the craziness I have had going on in the last month, plus trying to study for the LSAT, I have been feel really stressed. I felt like I have had so much on my plate lately, that I need a break from it all.
You take one last long sip from your smoothie then place in in the trash receptacle.
This past week of struggling with sickness reminded me of the beatitudes found in Matthew 5:1-11. When I was a new Christian I struggled with these verses. They basically said that those who suffer, mourn and struggle are blessed.
A portion of the proceeds from this event will be donated to the Historic Kansas City Foundation.
HANRATH C. Vaccinatie van verpleegkundigen. Toch maar aan de prik. Nursing 2005; December: 14-16.
We got started rather late and lagged the entire day (typical in our Crazy Family, us children have given up on waking early long ago as our parents are lethargic until around ten or eleven anyway), but overall it was surprisingly cheerful and merry (I suppose the excellent bottle of 2005 Sauterne Mother managed to obtain helped somewhat).
-brawl to start.
I Am Baker This is one dedicated blogger. Not only is she a mommy and a baker, but she actually takes the time to blog about her fabulous treats and provide tutorials. Visit this blog for a huge array of goodies and instructions for making them.
I'm sorry. (Yes, this is on a list of encouraging things, because it can really help assuage a child's distress at your actions.)
When you lock eyes with G the very first thing you need to do it indicate you have a weapon. It doesn't matter if you do or not. If you are a woman put your gun hand in your purse and keep it there. If you are a man fan your shirt or coat tail with your gun hand. Make it clear to dude you are mentally prepared to draw and making sure your gun is clear. This will many times result in an about face by dude. It is the single best robbery avoidance tactic IMHO.
Mark Wrathall, University of California, Riverside
Face behind the mask daddy
I’d been easing my way back into cooking. One of the first things I did when I got back was to sign up for a new shift at the Park Slope Food Coop so I could get back into the store—I am now “food prep,” which I am told secretly means “cheese taster.” I made a trip to Koreatown to stock up on Korean groceries, including a daikon radish the size of my calf that I plan to turn into kimchi. But I started with cooking just one-plate meals, feeling sort of overwhelmed by how busy life is when you actually have to work.
We have a piece of wisdom here that says "The bird got mad at the grain field!" which as you can see means that sometimes people make stupid decisions that can harm only their own interests yet they think that by doing what they did they would harm those they're boycotting.
V.A. - Best of ...World, vol. 5 (An ethnic BoBW compilation)
Apart from the photography it felt so pleasantly happy and inspiring to b so close to nature. I really love my city’s national park. it is such that once you are inside it, you wont believe that you are actually inside a big metropolitan city. This fact becomes more evident when one climbs to the top point at Kanheri caves and sees city sky scrapers on a distant horizon.
Stat-wise it’s got okay attack, but pretty bad Speed, though it can learn Sucker Punch to sort of make up for that. Its signature move (before Gen V) is Spider Web, which is the Bug equivalent of Mean Look
Here I go...
That's when the photographer Jordan Matter became involved.
Meine Karte paßt außerdem zur aktuellen ISB-Challenge: Schleifen. Aufgedruckte oder gestempelte gelten nicht - aber ich habe eine aus Linen-Thread gebunden und damit den Anker und den kleinen Tag befestigt.
This Hunger Games, though, is very different from the one before. For one, since the victors all know each other, they make alliances readily. The Capitol already has fallen in love with these victors, which shows how clueless they are about the rebellion. The connections that they form with the victors simply highlights the difference between the ignorance of the Capitol and the pure cruelty of their president, which gives the reader something to think about. The introduction of new characters Mags, Wiress, Beetee, Johanna and my personal favourite, Finnick Odair, adds to the tension because their motives are very confusing. They each have their own individual strengths and weaknesses, and both help and hurt in the arena. Their alliance is an interesting one because they all ultimately know they will have to kill each other, which is even harder to do once they form connections with each other. Katniss and Peeta are each trying to save the other even if that involves sacrificing themselves – Peeta because he loves Katniss and Katniss because she believes that if there is anybody who can lead a rebellion, it is Peeta, because of his way with words. This reminded me of the way that all great leaders have to have the power of speech to convince people to do what they want, and her claims rang true for me – probably because Peeta is my favourite character. The Quell itself is the epitome of cruelty, and since the Gamemakers now know the victors’ psychology, they use that against them – particularly in the case of the jabberjays echoing the voices of the tributes’ loved ones in pain. Some of their inhumanity completely shocked me.
On the face of it, Lindy doesn't have much going for her. Her parents don't work, her two older brothers are in prison and Young Offenders' Institution respectively, her baby sister has died and her younger brother is neglected and needy. Then a cousin offers her easy work watering his plants for cash in hand. Only those plants are a cannabis farm and the cousin is a drug dealer.
Fast forward to 2010, while unpacking from a recent move, the woman who once owned a baby blue Smith Corona discovers a file and in it are all the pages she typed as a young woman. The 'ping ping' of her typewriter is now a distant memory...the collage of her thoughts in her journal have since turned into a collage of life on her blog. She adds the poem to her blog, a sweet memory of young love.
Frenchmen like Pierre Augustin Caron de Beaumarchais, worked on a commercial arrangement through a front company Rodrigue Hortalez et Cie (Roderigue Hortalez & Co. in English) to route American tobacco to Europe and French and Spanish saltpeter for fighting this war.
2.Take the flour, sugar, chopped nuts, and salt in a bowl.Mix well.
The objective of this game is to place plants with horrible puns for names (like the pea-shooter which is the basic shooting unit, or the wall-nut which is a wall) to keep zombies from getting to your door.
electrified nude sculptures of Khajuraho
I'm back - I was without internet for a day and a half. How does one survive? Or maybe I should ask - how did my kids survive? Thankfully, part of the time it was out I was at work - less of the incessent nagging of the kids as to when they could browse their favorite sites.
3 Tbsp. reduced-fat Parmesan cheese
Linking up to this week:
My employers were starting to get annoyed with me for having to take time off to keep going for appointments. I saw the Rheumatologist in December last year and he sent me for an Isotope Bone Scan. A couple of weeks later I found out I had a condition called Ankylosing Spondylitis. I’d never heard of it and wasn’t sure what that meant. Basically part of the base of my spine has fused together and is putting pressure on my hip and pelvis, causing severe inflammation. I was off work for a couple of weeks with a number of things at that time, including norovirus and the onset of Chrohn’s Disease, coupled with the pain of this arthritis that was kicking me down. I could barely move and struggled with sleeping. Not only that but a few days later I found out I was pregnant. Everything was going on at once!
Outline: B000
So if the option is default or business as usual, I will take default because it is not really default but prioritizing one’s spending. If Washington learns one lesson from this kabuki dance that it must prioritize its spending and not have a credit card with an ever-increasing spending limit, that will be a good thing.
Embroidery hoop
Life is an opportunity, benefit from it.
Because it’s so important, and fraught with so many potential pitfalls, the subject of finding a teacher deserves a special subset of guidelines of its own. A classic Buddhist teaching on “The Four Reliances” advises the spiritual seeker to:
It has taken me 10 hard years to carve out a moment of time just for me. 3,650 days of wiping four children’s derrieres, shopping and preparing food for grubby little hands whose basic instinct is not to say thank you when something is handed to them but, rather, give me MORE, thereby forcing me to spend countless hours teaching manners and respect and what it means to be a decent human in this world, only to start the whole process all over again the next morning because nobody remembered what happened the day before.
Politics and religion are always popular subjects, but since everyone is in basic agreement, the discussion often degenerates into snide remarks about the opposition under the guise of humor. This soon becomes tedious and to the seeming relief of almost everyone, a new topic is born. The pace accelerates when someone makes a trenchant point regarding this topic, and someone else either offers a doubly trenchant enlargement or a doubly trenchant counterpoint. Then follow more points, enlargements, and counterpoints and, finally, counterpoints to enlargements of counterpoints, combined with an occasional clarification or question (often rhetorical).
So even though TTB has never defined Tennessee whiskey, the U.S. government has, albeit indirectly, which should help you shut up a few know-it-alls and maybe win a bar bet or two.
Of course, the government will argue that it requires this legislation to protect public safety. Perhaps with an eye to Cicero, it seems determined to follow the principle of ‘let public safety be the supreme law’: given the absurdity of health and safety legislation, it is a logical conclusion.
In the giving of rings
Don't let the long list of ingredients scare you... Most of them are either the ingredients for the taco seasoning mix, which you can eliminate and use the packaged variety for if you really want (I prefer the homemade mix myself), using one package of mix per ⅓ portion of the homemade version, so three packages. Another large majority of ingredients are for the taco fixin's, which you don't have to use if you don't want to or don't like them. These just happen to be the ones I like... It's all about what YOU like, so make it your own!
The leaky brown cup
Once an application has been granted access to the certificate, it can access the private key through the getPrivateKey() method. It is worth noting that as with any PrivateKey objects, the application should not make assumptions about the encoding. For example, on some implementations the PrivateKey object may just be an opaque representation of a key stored in a hardware key store.
The eyes on my new dolls are also pretty special -- they are the original, hand-painted designs of a lovely and talented lady named Clara. Clara has plenty of "grab and go" eyes available in her Etsy shop, or you can check out some of her original designs in her Facebook gallery (Matilda is sporting a pair of Clara's kawaii eyes -- they're absolutely perfect for her... don't you think?)
Checkmate.
Ironically, Mr Grundlingh is one of the sponsors who make a monthly contribution to the police station to ensure that regular safety patrols are held.
As we watch Mad Men we wallow a bit in self loathing. These characters know how to live. They might not all be good people, but they are all beautiful. They are sad, they are lonely, they are lost. But, they look good. They are still successful. Their problems are ours, but their dispositions are entirely their own. We want to be them. We want to be good, but we know we cannot, so we settle for the appearance of goodness. Maybe Mad Men is a little bit less about advertising, and a little bit more about living, and about getting by on this wretched planet. The characters know how to live. In a world where fundamental disappointment is virtually inevitable, we might as well look happy, and we might as well be charming.
Thursday I worked for a few hours- I went and made presentations at a Fine Art distributor here that carries our product, then we headed down to the nearest spot to catch the parades for the evening. The locals are amazing! We are NOT in the French Quarter, nor were we down by Bourbon St. so we were in a group of locals who come to the same spot for over 50 years! They were really nice, with their kids, their friends, and they told us lots of lore about each parade. No flashing to get beads, you just stand there and wave and cheer. However, everyone had way too much to drink around us, so there were a lot of high-spirited people all trying to get the cool beads.
USA national team coach, Jurgen Klinsmann, is engaging. His voice has a laid back feel. He has lived in California for a while. And from there he stares out across a continent of differences, and beyond that, over the sea to Americans playing soccer in foreign lands. From this acreage he picks the ingredients that must safeguard the American settlement in world soccer. Consider the weight of responsibility. It befits the German national to have a relieving chuckle now and again as he picks the cargo that will carry America to the samba party at the 2014 World Cup Finals in Brazil. The qualifying sails will be raised in June.
always, is an outline, quite the right shape,
Five years. Five long years, and it still seems like yesterday. Sometimes I wish I could turn back the hands of time and return to the simple innocense of our childhood, growing up together, laughing together, playing together, with no knowledge of all the pain and loss that were to come. Other times, I'm grateful for the memories I have, and I'm reminded every single day of my unending gratitude to Jill for giving us the gift of Katie.
02. Where Have All The Good Times Gone?
Many of those men to whom Paul spoke no doubt worshipped some sort of god. But their worship was quite different than Paul’s. They worshipped out of convenience. They worshipped, seeking self-gain. They worshipped ignorantly not knowing what. I am reminded of the many on Mars Hill in Acts 17:23. Paul began, “For as I passed by, and beheld your devotions, I found an altar with this inscription, TO THE UNKNOWN GOD, Whom therefore ye ignorantly worship, him declare I unto you.”
i love that.
Alright, kids, we've got white-out conditions here in Cleveland, and somehow when The Boss compared his pink Cadillac favorably to a Subaru, I'm sure he wasn't referring to this kind of weather. All-wheel drive might be nice about now.
In troubling times, we have the right, as Christians, to trust God and have peace. The secret is in knowing who you are in Christ. Learning to trust in the fact, Jesus cares about you personally. We are members of the church as a whole but our salvation is very personal. He is Savior to you individually.
The Maoh is extremely powerful. When Yuri loses control of his emotions, the Maoh appears to exact judgement on the offenders.
Over-the-Top Pureed Potatoes
Abundant time of love
There's a belief that to do great work you need tranquility and control, that the pram is cluttering up the hallway; life needs to be neat and tidy. This isn't the case. Tranquility and control provide the best conditions for completing the work you imagined. But surely the real trick is to produce the work that you never imagined. The great creative moments in our history are almost all stories of distraction and daydreaming – Archimedes in the bath, Einstein dreaming of riding a sunbeam – of alert minds open to the grace of chaos.
While I’m not super-impressed with where they chose to use it (I would have preerred the image to go with some words, instead of just being an image during a pause between words) — I still think it’s pretty cool that I quote-unquote “Got to be in a music video”. Well — my surgical close-up, anyway.
2. detest wearing underwear with our leggings. why she has an aversion to panty lines i’m not so sure, but we rock our leggings commando.
Weishaup, however, did not enjoy his Order’s success for long. Suspicions of Illuminati conspiracy against governments and religious arose across Europe. Seeing a credible threat against its power, the Bavarian government launched an edict outlawing all communities, societies and brotherhoods that existed without due authorization of the law. Furthermore, internal disagreements between Weishaupt and the higher ups of his Order lead to disputes and dissension. In the midst of it all, some members went directly to the authorities and testified against the Order, an opportunity that was not missed by the Bavarian government.
I'm wearing some cute jewelry. I had been looking for a place to wear those earrings. I can thank my Lia Sophia career for those. :)
One day while Chicken Little was walking in the woods an acorn fell from a tree, and hit the top of her head. My, oh, my, the sky is falling. I must run and tell the lion about it, said Chicken Little and began to run. By and by she met the hen. Where are you going? asked the hen. Oh, Henny Penny, the sky is falling and I am going to the lion to tell him about it. How do you know it? – asked Henny Penny. It hit me on the head, so I know it must be so, said Chicken Little. Let me go with you! said Henny Penny. So the two ran and ran until they met Ducky Lucky. The sky is falling, said Henny Penny. – We are going to the lion to tell him about it. How do you know that? asked Ducky Lucky. It hit Chicken Little on the head, said Henny Penny. May I come with you? asked Ducky Lucky. They then met Foxey Loxey and smiling he said, Where are you going? The sky is falling and we are going to the lion to tell him about it, said Ducky Lucky. Do you know where he lives? asked the fox. None of them knew the way. Well I do! said Foxey Loxey. – Come with me and I will show you the way. He walked on and on until he came to his den. Come right in and make your self at home said Foxey Loxey. They went in but they never, ever came out again.
That's the basic gist of the story, but De Palma tries to dress it up with his use of multiple styles. Unfortunately, the result is an interminable mess. De Palma's asides with a group of French documentarians parody stuffy, emptily moralistic war docs, the camera slowly zooming in and out on soldiers' faces as the orchestral arrangement of "Sarabande" from Barry Lyndon plays. At least, I assume it's a parody; these segments are so tedious that De Palma must be making fun of such films, but his target is unclear. Likewise, we see various YouTube clips of terrorists sneaking bombs under the clueless eyes of the Americans, or of newscasts showing angry Iraqis swearing vengeance for what has happened to them. Everyone knows what the Americans are doing, but no one will listen.
THE BEVIS FROND - The Leaving Of London
One of my teammates did this with her kids she took a picture of them reaching up really tall and then on earth day she had them color and cut out the earth and make a card with their earth day promise.
The new iPad with a resolutionary screen and a faster processor is a great product, an amazing tablet for everyone. Those who don’t have it yet are praising it the most but those who have it are reporting problems. Its been a week since Apple launched its new iPad and users are reporting overheating problems. Yes the iPad overheats. But not only that, there is another issue with this beautiful looking tablet (see i am praising it which means i DON’T have it), and its the connectivity problem.
1/2 cup canola oil (reduced from 2/3 cup on the original recipe)
Let me be clear that CCD is a complicated disease that, like most problems, may have multiples causes. Needless to say, however, systemic insecticides, and insecticides that are taken up by plants–or that remain in the soil for 129 days–cannot be doing our wildlife any good. There was some discussion that CCD was caused by a fungus at one point. If that in fact turns out to be the case, it could still be that bees are being weakened by pesticides first and are then vulnerable to the fungus that delivers the fatal punch.
The full colours of the fruit are more complete than the translucent leaves. Leaves show their colour best as light shines through them, fruit throws the light back at you, robust and solid. The leaves of the elm trees that grow outside work take on a more yellow glow. In spring they were pure green, now they blend with gold to make a pale colour that is neither green nor gold, but hovers somewhere in between. A colour of transition.
Insan Association and TDH interviewed Dom community members in four locations, and found that many live in rudimentary shanty towns where most homes are not connected to a sewage network. Most mothers are deprived of maternal health care and many children faced neglect by parents struggling to make ends meet. Some 68 percent had never attended school.
“With me, I actually care about people’s feelings and that’s not good for business.”
Growing plants in containers is also my bag. Where else am I supposed to grow them now that I've filled all the space I have in the ground? My plant fever also tells me that urban agriculture trends are leaning, somewhat like a young fruit tree, toward growing just about anything in containers.
I’ve had a guilty conscience for awhile now regarding my children’s exposure to media. I have questioned some of the things I’ve allowed my children to participate in. After reading this book, I really feel convicted to make some changes. The contents of this book may be hard to swallow, but I believe after reading it, you, too, will see some areas you can improve in your own home.
The things kids come up with are totally awesome, and I have loved being able to speak to schools almost as much as I love writing itself, but last week a friend of mine said the words, What if . . . and followed them up with a sobering thought.
Keys w/ Cole Haan heart key chain
So, it turns out my friend Melanie was looking to add a vintage selection to her shop Villekula, a bohemian treasure box of a shop tucked away in one of Winnipegs best neighborhoods, Wolsley. Timing was on our sides, and starting this weekend, Lune will be curating a vintage collection for Villekula. I couldn't be happier with the situation, working with a good friend, and still being able to do what I love in a way that makes most sense for my life right now. I feel very excited about being part of a warm local art and craft community again, something I felt isolated from in the past while.
That's right! A totally dead and blank Garmin even though it was 100% charged only an hour before! Methinks something is up with my Garmin. It also totally froze up during my race a couple weeks ago. Could I be watching my trusty 405 die a slow death? Hope not. Do these things have a useful life of only about 5 years?
REFLECT – What do these passages mean?
I wanted to mention, as previously mentioned, that next Friday I will be the featured poet at The Pony, at Cornelia Street Café! Don’t miss it! The event starts at 6pm, it is an open mic. I will be reading my from Epistles, many new ones. I am treating this event like it will be my one and only time featured, so I am going to make it as great as humanly possible.
I am not a prophetess, but I am a Christian and a 40+ year student of the Bible. And I’ve spent 20+ years as a researcher/writer regarding the history of religious deception and false prophecies. Based on all that I can confidently predict this—there will be NO Rapture on May 21. And on May 22 there will be a lot of people needing to figure out how to get their lives out of the mess they have put them in because of this damned, ungodly, unbiblical foolishness.
And i begAn with delightfull fried shrimpies.........
Hey everybody! HAPPY NEW YEAR!
It could’ve been the rougher terrain. Hail storm a couple nights ago knocked around LOTS of debris.
Ponty of 75 and 76 is my favorite of his own (many) bands. I suspect
Skills: Command +6, Courtesy +1, Diplomacy +3, Haggle +5, Intimidate +4, Riding +3, Scavenge +3, Soldiering +2
Swiping to the left across the keyboard deletes your last input for instance, while swiping up changes to the numeric/symbol keyboard. That same swipe up gesture is used when the keyboard attempts to guess the word you’re typing — according to Bhardwaj, users will be able to send those guessed words flying into their messages by swiping from where the word appears over keys.
Please keep Katie in your thoughts and prayers. And don't worry about me - I'll be okay as long as she's okay.
On calls by Umno Youth urging Lim to apologise, Muhyiddin said it was the right thing to do.
524 Rt. 9/I-84
Happy Monday. I hope everyone had a Happy Easter celebrating with family and friends.
He lowered the window, and looked out at the rising sun. There was a ridge of ploughed land, with a plough upon it where it had been left last night when the horses were unyoked; beyond, a quiet coppice-wood, in which many leaves of burning red and golden yellow still remained upon the trees. Though the earth was cold and wet, the sky was clear, and the sun rose bright, placid, and beautiful.
My requests for the tags is always followed by, "What are you going to do with them?"
What about you? Are you eating any elephants this year?
Well Barb no we don't have your tops. But we do have a box that came in for you. Itchy fingers to open it. When you get settled we will send it to you.
This week, I'm going to share my favorite spot in my house with you. It's my sunroom. I've always wanted a sunroom since I moved to Oregon twenty years ago and I immediately claimed it as my personal space when we bought the house. Unfortunately, the rest of my family ignores my stake and I often find my sunroom cluttered with seventh grade homework and my husband's sports page. Oh well, it was worth a try.
Generally finding one good business can be a jackpot for many more, because they’re usually on lists made up of area businesses by people who want to keep a tab on stuff around their houses. These lists are basically a goldmine of other companies whose followers you can share. This idea is expanded upon in my past blog, here.
2 Garlic Cloves – crushed
He noted that the fact that people have started congratulating Justice Salami on the development showed that his reinstatement was in order and welcome.
I’m not going to rate this review. I don’t think that would be fair on David Buttle or Elm Publishing. Perhaps the best thing you could do is see how inexpensive self-publishing for the common man or woman can be done at sister imprint, UK Unpublished.
It is against this backdrop that events in Egypt could conspire to influence Tunisian politics. The New York Times reported today that the Muslim Brotherhood’s candidate has taken a much more conservative line:
Based on the evidence, the per capita human energy consumption has not decreased; therefore, the evolution of human intelligence must have stalled. In fact, it can be said that the opposite of evolution is occurring because human demands on energy is much greater now than before. Of course, it could be argued that humans now operate at higher “computational speeds.” But that is exactly the point. Like the hypothetical super-ENIAC, human technological savvy is being achieved by growing bigger, not through improved power efficiency. The rate of evolution of human intelligence, and therefore the human species, is regressing compared with the pre-industrial era. Like ENIAC, humans have degenerated into energy dinosaurs!
$50
Guess where we are going to put the Chosen Masters! And do you really
Essentially, we tasked ourselves with finding a way to portray modern fatherhood with humane competence -- a middle ground between the archetypical macho doofus and wussy eunuch.
My husband and I decided to visit Mallorca after experiencing the almost unbearable cold of York in January. We wanted to feel the sun on our faces; we wanted to leave our heavy winter jackets behind. Completely doable according to my guide book, which listed an average Mallorcan temperature of 51°F/11°C in February.
Praise the Lord that God is bringing us back to Himself, so that He can lead us all the way from Babylon in 1844 through the modern Baal-peor ecumenical apostasy, to the heavenly Promised Land!
1 C. Sauerkraut
Dry bores!? Maybe our reporter needs to head out to the country club and interview a few of them at the old Nineteenth Hole where he can get to know them on a more personal level.
Website editors should constantly monitor and remove such offending posts.
I'm blogging this mainly because Mimi gave the cupcakes the OK. Its gotta be half decent if Mimi gives the seal of approval right? Feed back seemed especially positive regarding the frosting, which is nothing more then a simple egg white + sugar + cream of tartar frosting. The frosting was almost of a fluff like consistency: sugary, sticky, gooey goodness! If you have ever had royal icing and wish that there was a light and fluffy form of it, well, this would be it!
*** Force private and even religious schools to teach a pro-homosexual curriculum and purge any reference to religion if a student claims it creates a “hostile learning environment” for homosexual students.
DEVIL’S KISS by Zoe Archer
MORRISTOWN, N.J., April 24, 2012 /PRNewswire via COMTEX/ –FirstEnergy Corp. (NYSE:FE) today announced that Holly Kauffman has been named vice president of Operations for its Jersey Central Power & Light (JCP&L) subsidiary, effective May 1. Kauffman will oversee the operations of JCP&L’s transmission, distribution, dispatching, substation, engineering, forestry, meter reading and support services functions. Read More
Bear Alley continues to exist for the same reason. OK, so we don't get the traffic of Craig's List but it's comforting to know that over 100 people return to these pages every day to find out what has been posted. And another 700-800 drop by on a daily basis, some of them newcomers who have stumbled onto the site after Googling something they have been researching themselves. Knowing that people actually read these posts keeps me going. Getting feedback is always exciting. Sending people off via links, usually to somewhere like Amazon, to find books they might enjoy... that's also exciting. Bringing lost comic strips to light or compiling little galleries of paperback covers is a joy to me. I hope it brings you some joy, too.
I have used Bugaboo's Ava & Decon Love digi stamp, coloured it with Copics, the cardstock is SU and the DP is from the Miss Nelly collection (I think, they were scraps I had left over). The metal heart brad is from my stash and the black twine was saved from some toy packaging at Christmas time (Barbie doll packet I think!!).
Anyway, four months into the new school year and the seeds have taken seemingly firm root, sprouting insidious weeds that I’m afraid will smother too many of the things that make Addison a fairly magnificent specimen to behold.
I was suddenly aware of the fact that aerosol paint does not set fast and I had smudged lines . . . but now I know that my project will work best with wide tape masking and pieces of cardboard to use as straight edges . . .
A mental note to complete homework
The smoking ban in pubs has never been supported by a majority of the population
ABV 5.1%
If I do not get back on here before Christmas, I wish you all a very Merry Christmas, I hope you all have a great time.
This was not the last of my rolling shopping excursions. After that, most of my other shopping trips in malls, departments stores and grocery stores were from a wheel chair for a while. For the next three years or so, my lupus continued its exhausting, crippling flare, despite the cancer and transplant chemotherapy drugs I was taking to control it. My lupus even progressed to where one Christmas I didn’t go to the mall at all, and all my shopping took place from my home office desk chair. That year all our gifts were ordered over the Internet and delivered to our house.
I have even spent hours on the phone with MOMS who beg, "I just need your advice..."
Now they’re sitting close on a brown sofa
Honestly, I could not afford to go all out on food. We had the party from 12:30-2:30. I worded the invitation to say "Make sure you eat lunch before you come but save room for cupcake and lemonade." to let everyone know I would not be serving a lot of food.
In addition to predicting this game I also have some picks on the other rivalry games of week 13
The rest of the metal bits and pieces and nails are things I found with my metal detector. I LOVE that thing! So many artsy treasures just waiting to be found underground.
He assembled his dogs and left on horseback. Meanwhile his wife made an inventory of the castle. All women are curious; the lady of the manor went into the eight chambers, but that didn't suffice her. Her fingers wanted to turn the ninth key in the lock. 'Anyhow, I'm going to visit the last chamber.'"
One of the things we got to discuss this weekend was our birth plan. I'm so relieved to have that finally set out for us. There was a little bit of stress for me trying to plan it out and somehow try to predict how we might all be feeling and what we might want and that's just not possible since none of us have ever been here before. I think we are all happy with the plan we have come up with and knowing that we are all flexible easy going people helps. This is a birth plan and like any plan in life it can change.
Every year Deschutes Brewery selects a Northwest artist to create an image evocative of the season’s festive atmosphere. In 2008, Pam Jersey Bird, who lives in Sisters, painted a winding, abstract river running through the open spaces of Central Oregon’s desert, surrounded by fluttering snowfall.
to feel you
If you are IN the ark - Jesus!
"To Her Majesty the Queen, on her Diamond Jubilee; to our dear friends, David and Samantha; and to the great purpose and design of our alliance. May we remain, now and always, its faithful servants. Cheers, everyone," President Obama said, as he raised a wine glass filled with water.
The numbers in bold-face type, placed in the left-hand margins of this Bibliography, are used in the Index for this Bibliography. All other numberings are for indications of sources, cross-references, etc.
“This is very serious. Could the panel that will draft the Egyptian constitution possibly discuss such issues? Did Abdul Samea see by his own eyes the text of the message sent by Talawi to Katatni? This is unbelievable. It is a catastrophe to give the husband such a right! Has the Islamic trend reached that far? Is there really a draft law in this regard? Are there people thinking in this manner?” Of course, the answer to Qarnouty's rhetorical questions are "No, no, and no." But the next step is the jump to the Daily Mail report that "Egyptian husbands will soon be legally allowed to have sex with their dead wives." The fact that there's no basis for the report that anyone has yet found, is of course lost in translation.
Hopefully I get the chance to let him run around smashing stuff with his bro (Correy) this weekend. Until next round, remember to thank the dice gods and be well.
Tiger Maple Mirror goes Joyce Kilmer
Are you ready to re-visit mint green?
'Oh Lord, my husband has fallen into the river!'
“They are both genuine,” said Digby at last. That evening he wrote to Evans, asking him if he were prepared to sell. He named a price, three thousand guineas, which was certainly generous, far more than it would have realised at Christie’s. If Evans would not part with the picture, the matter was ended.
On a completely different note...please check out this article on the FDA approval of 17P (synthetic progesterone) injections, now called Makena, to prevent preterm labor. The cost has gone from $15 to $1500 per weekly injection. As you can imagine, many women are depending on these injections to bring home their baby at term. I will be receiving these injections starting at week 16 through week 36, that's 20 injections equaling $30,000. Personally, I am appalled at the pharmaceutical companies for increasing the price this much. I hope that this price gouging won't effect accessibility for those of us who are counting on this medication.
I absolutely LOVE this necklace. This ceramic Wing Spread Owl pendant is from Jean Christen. I recently got a bunch of Jean's beads, and this was one that I picked out of the bunch she sent me. I used long curved brass tubes, and ceramic rounds from Keith O'Connor. The bronze toggle is from Saki Silver.
2. Try a recipe from one of the local cook books I already own. I’ve got one that I designed the cover for last year, as well as a few that I’ve been given as Christmas Presents over the past few years.
However, let's see how the two stack up:
Not being whiny, just expressing myself. I finally feel at liberty to express myself without cussing anyone out...so you should feel lucky! Ha ha.
I've often wondered what boys talk about at sleepovers, whether it's about girls or football or embarrassing Chemistry class erections. I know what girls talk about, and can vouch for the fact that it doesn't change much from the time you're using a Strawberry Shortcake sleeping bag to the age at which you slip into teddies for bed. It certainly wasn't too different for three of us making the long drive home on Saturday from Rehoboth Beach.
“Thomas said to (Jesus), ‘Lord, we do not know where you are going; how can we know the way?’
So if you are thinking of writing for children, or have written a book or a short story for 'children' please go back and think about who it is for and what kind of book that child will be wanting to read or have read to them. See which publishers publish which kind of books so that you are informed about the market.
The red intermixes with the green of the shubbery. The colors remind me of Christmas and it feels like a ushering in of a new season.
The gay rights group wants to make the community aware of the situation and, based on statements from the president of the organization’s board of directors, is hoping that the stand-off will, to some degree, impact how the community interacts with the t-shirt company. Here’s a copy of the complaint:
In a brief psychological ad hominem analysis of the moral philosophers themselves, including Kant, N- arrives at the conclusion that ‘In short, moralities are also merely a sign language of the affects.’ That what one discovers in moral reasoning is better viewed as a window into the soul of the moralist rather than some ‘objective’ claim about the existence of morality in the universe. ‘That for thousands of years European thinkers thought merely in order to prove something…that the conclusions that ought to be the result of their most rigorous reflection were always settled from the start.’ That the philosophy game may be, more often than not, the ingenious construction of a rhetorical ‘rationale’ for a conclusion already believed (‘affected’) by the philosopher; not as a ‘scientific’ discovery, not as open ‘free’ examination, phenomenological or otherwise, of ‘the world’. But it appears that N- finds a way to spin this in a not entirely negative direction (and I wonder how much of this is due to his wish to avoid appearing to ‘moralize’ against these attitudes) as this will to slavery ‘implants the need for limited horizons and the nearest tasks– teaching the narrowing of our perspective, and thus in a certain sense stupidity, as a condition of life and growth.’ I think he sees this narrow stupid perspective as a necessary condition for most people, due to their small-souledness perhaps, but that even this is not all bad, harkening back to one of the epigrams, as this allows us to have at least partially functioning societies, which in turn is humanities way to produce ‘six or seven great men’ in whom, teleologically, history finds a worthy purpose.
by Patrick J. Buchanan
1.knights of destruction
These are based on Dan Lepard's salted oat crackers - I've replaced both the flour and oats and given them a double spelt boost in the form of spelt flour and these rolled spelt flakes. I've also decreased the liquid as I find spelt flour tends to be softer and a general rule is that for any recipe where you've replaced plain flour for spelt, always be careful on the amount of liquid needed, you'll generally find it's going to be less.
Knows.
Then it was time to paint – this time I decided to try something different. When we had our kitchen put back together last fall, the guys used Sherwin Williams paint and I couldn’t believe how well it covered the bare beadboard wood.
But you’re careful with your evaluations and you want to know if these players are still productive right now. That’s fair; let’s see the offensive data for the very same set of NHL forwards over the last two seasons.
Maybe that makes me naive. Maybe it makes me part of the problem (I've been told that numerous times lately, too). But I'd rather err on the side of helping children than err on the side of being disengaged because it makes me feel intellectually superior.
Sash insisted on a photo alone with Santa. She added it to her wall of friends. Santa gave her this sign to put in the window with her list of things she wants him to bring. Now, when he asked her what she wanted, she merely said, "Whatever you bring me." So sweet. Somehow she found plenty of ideas for this list. I think she'll be very happy come Christmas morning. ;)
"Western ideas of individualism, liberalism, constitutionalism, human rights, equality, liberty, the rule of law, democracy, free markets, the separation of church and state, often have little resonance" in other cultures. Furthermore, "efforts to propagate such ideas produce instead a reaction against 'human rights imperialism' and a reaffirmation of indigenous values."
Although Ricky’s parents weren’t thrilled with the idea, one month after Ziggy’s birth, Summer married her second husband, Ricky’s oldest brother, Howie Davis Hayes. Growing up Howie and Ricky were very close. Howie really liked Summer, and because he felt that she was a good woman, his desire to raise Ricky’s only offspring was intensified. “Ziggy needs a daddy and Summer needs a husband. Ricky would want me to take care of his family” Howie told his parents. “I’m doing this for my brother. He would want me to be there for Ziggy and take care of his land. Daddy you know how proud he was when you gave him the deed to that land. Do you think he would want another man to be in control of his property? Please understand and give me your blessing.” Bradley Tye and Geraldine Rowena cried as they thought of what Howie was going to do. However, they agreed that maybe it was a good idea. Summer’s second wedding mimicked the first. The very day that Summer and Howie were married, she became pregnant with her second child. Summer was the kind of young women who didn’t need a calendar. Her body told her everything she needed to know. She knew she would conceive quickly. She just didn’t know how quickly. Ozzie Emit Hayes was born exactly two hundred and seventy-four days after Summer and Howie were married.
So I think I’ll have one more round. And one more go ‘round.
I asked my mom and brother to think of adjectives to describe the dish. AJ said, “Um…tempura-y?” Thanks bro.
—— Forwarded Message
As a story, it contains no commandment, no injunction about how believers ought to behave; it simply recounts an episode in the rebuilding of the wall of Jerusalem, telling how a godly believer, a leader of the Jews, was attempting to rebuild the wall, and an unbelieving gentile was trying to undermine this work. The passage quoted in that post by Jeff recounts some of the scorn of the unbeliever (Sanballat) and how the believer (Nehemiah) prayed that God would judge and punish the scornful man and his allies.
A video of abandoned villages inside the exclusion zone. It's such a great setting for a gaming environment, even if full of tragedy.
... note how the daily star are trying to get the EDL involved in politics and to stand as a political party. The moment they do they can be banned. This is classic media entrapment. And it appears they are falling for it.
1459 D-III/7(B)/2003. “Euclid and the Instructive Challenges of Anomalies.” First Friday Lecture Series, The University of Chicago, The Cultural Center, Chicago Public Library, Chicago, Illinois..
Your work is to follow and pay attention to the energetic cues as they move in the Field of Consciousness. It is most delectable, most sublime, a vastly different perspective of awareness than what is offered by the linear, logical mind.
Before you watch it, I thought it would be fun (and it makes me feel a little better and less self-conscious since I'm recognizing the shame of it) by making a list of what's so embarrassing about the video in order of most embarrassing to least embarrassing.
“You know,” I said. “you’ve said that you always wanted to be alone.”
A winter weekend lunch in a now chilled Manhattan, wind finding its icicle way up cuffs and sleeves, and a revolving door pushed around to a warm interior. Warm walls, warm colors. Reds, oranges. The smell of garlic and flatbread.
I howl my joy, and my red eyes seek to behold thy face–
4. Tell them what your favorite Fortune Cookie Products is!
sprinkling ash around her feet
Time: Saturday, April 14th, from Noon to 6 pm.
It’s a spoof-genre comedy, mostly making fun of Footloose and The Karate Kid. But there are nods to other 80s movies, like Teen Wolf, Soul Man, Risky Business (sort of), Better Off Dead, Dirty Dancing, and others. The soundtrack includes Wang Chung, Twisted Sister, A-Ha, Foreigner, and of course the aforementioned Tone Loc.
Confession time.
9. Craft something new every week.
Right now you have a lot of description but not much substance. For all the description of Addy, I don't really care about her. She's a lawyer intent on doing good. Ok...and?
In addition to this BASCA will also present a BASCA Fellowship at the 2012 ceremony.
Idea's on a postcard :)
I love tote bags; I think it's because I like things to be organized. I have lots of tote bags but not too many that are cute so I decided that I need another one that's fashionable.
Some of you, who’ve been blogging with me for a while will remember Angela, the young Zimbabwean asylum seeker, who chars for me once a week. For those who don’t know, Angela and her husband came to South Africa about two years ago, after the market she worked in was blitzed by Mugabe’s henchmen and all people who were not Mugabe supporters were threatened with their lives. Angela and her husband are amongst millions of others who have, over the past few years, fled to South Africa. Most of her family are still in Zimbabwe, including her young daughter whom she has not seen since she left home. Angela is one of the sweetest people I’ve ever met, gentle, caring and with a delightful sense of humour. During the violent xenophobia in May last year when South Africans turned on foreigners, we took Angela and her husband in for over a month until it was safe for them to return to the township where they rent a room from a local woman. But as Angela would tell you, the xenophobia hasn’t gone away, it’s just not as obvious as it was. Every day of her life is lived in some degree of fear and always with a more than reasonable degree of uncertainty.
''Goode historically has held strong views on illegal immigration and citizenship. He said he plans to focus on unemployment by cutting down on the number of green card issuances and "keeping American jobs for American citizens first."
She opened the diner’s door and peeked both ways before exiting the Tin Roof and turning toward the Doll House. She was only checking sidewalk traffic, not hiding. Nope, she wasn’t hiding from anyone. The boardwalks were busy on Saturdays. That was why she hadn’t come to town for two weeks. Why their pantry was emptier than a water trough at high noon.
I've always loved the idea of 'new' myths, legends and fairytales. Kipling wrote his Just So myths to explain how various animals came to acquire their distinctive characteristics--The Elephant's Child has always been a particular favourite of mine. Another favourite was Frances Browne's Granny's Wonderful Chair--a sort of Irish Victorian cross between Cinderella and the Arabian Nights (if you haven't read it, seek it out, it's a true classic of children's literature, as are Eleanor Farjeon's Little Book Room and Martin Pippin stories). All these books have resonances which stretch far back to the time when our long ago ancestors huddled round a fire and listened to their shaman bards try to make sense of the world around them. So a while ago, I started thinking about writing a personal take on this genre with my own set of 'new myths'. The book itself has been a long, hard time in the making, and will take a while longer yet to come to fruition, but I thought I'd share one of the stories it contains with you. It's the middle of summer now, and we're a long way from the snows of last spring--but somewhere in the world, the Snow Woman is combing her long, white hair....
~Thank you
Really, I’m sure you’re fine with a decent guy who just checks you out for a fraction of a second, it might even be flattering, but an all-out stare is just disgusting. These stare-y eyed guys look all over, and emphasize most on the assets that differentiate women from the men.
In short, psychopaths represent a much more complicated category than the offenders portrayed in the media. They thrive not because they lack emotions in general, but because they use emotions (in addition to other tricks) to control others.
full to bursting.
Thank you so much for your time.
Yesterday you had to really hunt to find a snowbank – not even a snowbank, just a remnant of winter. Overnight it changed. (Check the photos in THE FIRES OF SPRING.)
*yawn* Yes, this old thing. I had originally planned to do the Stonefly shoes again, but then I felt like not having the ol' toes enclosed, you know? With all this daring pattern mixing I've been doing, my confidence has taken a turn up the rollercoaster, so I tossed these little leopard wedges into the mix.
And tonight, when I would like to listen to Mazzy Star, everyone is in bed in our extremely small house, so I have to be quiet. So I am sitting here drinking, in silence.
8. Phone Call
Someone like Toby Keith could have a big hit with this song.
This passion, this life, this way of living, it is a culture and a community. Therefor we MUST work together! In numbers we can make movements that are unstoppable. If we join hands in our cause, our goals and our visions, we can create a system that is unique and creative and pave new ways that will help evolve our species. Together we can inspire and move others to follow or lead on the road to change and primarily on the road to success. We are all thinkers in great quantities, but to unite our thoughts will narrow ideas to resolutions that would otherwise take MUCH more energy in smaller numbers to compute. We are the new generations, the Internet generations, and with our complex interlinks and syncing abilities to compute vast amounts of data, we should put this gift to use by joining forces to make all of this information usable information and not just information that is spread senselessly across our planet. There are many leaders amongst us and with those leaders the biggest presentable frustration that is faced in our community today, is deciphering magnitude of information that is being exchanged. It has gotten to a point where large amounts of energy has to be exerted into deciphering all of this exchange of knowledge in order to create new systems and innovations that move our society forward. I say, “why should we have so much knowledge ,“out there”? why can’t we just share this knowledge together, instead of voicing it across the web and the surface of our planet? Why can’t we just share this information with one another and put it to good use?” I say, lets unite in a force as “the” generation. Let’s evolve into an unrecognizable force that paves way to a revolution in advancing our species to that next level. Take your social abilities through your social sources and devices and use them to join hands. Make a movement to bring hands and great minds together and form a circle around our planet to create a better today and work towards a better tomorrow, Together!
It all started when I came upon this picture....
I can’t remember the first game I attended…it was too far back in the mists of time. It would have been towards the end of the 40′s. The greatest highlight for me was a personal one. It was winning promotion under Alan Durban. It was personal because that season was the first my son, Tony, attended with me and my old mate, Boothen Ender Bill, who has now, sadly, passed away.
1) “That only means I’ll do the job really well.”
COMMENTORS: Thoughts? Criticisms? Critiques?
I know. Not exactly a surprise, huh?
Saisons are an artisan style and feature pretty broad variability in ingredients. Some, like Dupont, are purely reinheitsgebot (water, malt, hops, yeast), while others have a variety of botanicals. Roots' versions is the latter, and in a couple of ways, strains the style a bit. But as always, the brewers have gone for a bold interpretation, and what results is tasty and mighty quaffable.
Where Your blood was spilled
Help
With a front 3 of Ben Arfa, Cisse and Ba, who this season at least have proven to be very very capable premier league performers, and with Tiote and Cabaye in midfield (I still don’t understand how Gutierrez gets into the Argentina team…!) they do have a pretty good side. A very good side by all accounts.
This card was simply amazing! Love all the color and textures! Please feel free to grab our shoe of the week badge from our side bar. You are also the winner of our Beary Scrap gift certificate. Please e-mail us and we will get you all set up.
Stop number 1: Thailand.
The fact is that publishers are constantly revising and reducing their off-set print runs throughout the last two years. This in itself has to reduce the margin of profits. The pressures will continue to increase on publishers to revise their business models in 2009, and it remains to be seen if they are the ones in the driving seat with the ability to direct the true future of publishing.
Inspirational projects using your favorite Cricut machines. The Imagine, Expression, Cricut Cake, Cuttlebug, Yudu and more.
But what of LGBTQC characters in YA books? It is clear to me that YA authors have an opportunity to present minorities to older readers to support diversity as a positive thing. Obviously this needs to be in conjunction with zero-tolerance policies on homophobia in schools; changes in legislation regarding exclusion; mandatory sex and relationships education in all schools including faith schools; equality in same-sex marriage…and so on.
To what they tell to me.”
We went to a beautiful wedding Saturday night. One of my dearest friends from elementary school married her high school sweetheart....it was a gorgeous ceremony and we had so much fun relaxing and enjoying the festivities.
Is there anything cuter than your little one's hand print? Looking back and seeing how small they once were is so sweet. Here are a few cute ones I found that I'm going to have to try with Carter.
(beat together all ingredients till nice & fluffy)
If I’m honest, I’d planned on smoking. It’s a big weekend during which I’d have little sleep and tons of beer. I couldn’t not smoke, could I? Since the days leading up to me quitting, I knew, I knew, I’d smoke at Beatherder.
Tuesday Giveaway Winner:
Mom and I both came up with ideas: mom had a whole bib pendant with the different birds and water running through it. I really focused on the peacock and the colors found in the bird. So, I convinced mom to saw out a peacock and I made beads based on the colors of the painting.
Sunday was spent at a Vintage Craft fair, where I met the most lovely people and nabbed myself some fabulous retro stuff for Reaveley Towers. Will blog about that in the next couple of days when I hjave everything in situ.
The Joan Lowery Nixon Memorial Award was established to honor the writer who so generously shared her time and talents with our members. Joan volunteered to mentor a writer whose manuscript submitted for the SCBWI-Houston conference was deemed nearest publication. Following Joan’s death in 2003, Kathi Appelt, Newbery honor winner for The Underneath, graciously took over the role of mentor.
Verdict: The Hunger Games is set to become the next big Hollywood franchise once the Twilight series is over and is a must see for all, regardless of whether you’ve read the books or not! ✭✭✭✭
Atlanta Braves - Jaybarkerfan (PAID)
Whether when our life ends we go up in ash, down into the soil, ascend to an ethereal plane, come back as another person, or an insect or plant…
the frames and for texture on the OUTside of many of the frames as well.
The electric eel was the worst! A water pit where u crawl under simulated barbed wire, and it has hanging wires, being so large I got zapped with every wire! Getting hit in the shoulder blade, but the worst was getting hit in the butt! My entire glute muscle violently contracted.
Consumed, like upon your pussy I dined,
Anyway, a lot of the episode is spent on the boys working hard on their project while simultaneously fooling Tae Mu. Park Ha prepares to leave her home so she hands in her resignation later.
What we didn’t know was that her “older sister”, Rockfig Jnr, would return to the area and ultimately chase her out. The first encounter witnessed between these two (and quite possibly the first ever encounter between them) leopards was when Rockfig Jnr ran in and stole a duiker kill from Nkateko, right in the heart of Nkateko’s inherited territory. Nkateko hung around for a couple of months after that, but then started venturing south, shocking us by turning up at Machaton Dam.
So far, we've visited an old school house and the fire station. We've done flag ceremonies (complete with incorrect renditions of the Pledge of Allegiance) and made paper airplanes. We've gone to see Doktor Kaboom! We've created scrapbooks and learned about health and safety - making first aid kits and learning about Stop, Drop and Roll. We've done hands on fun with simple machines. We've done a ton of science experiments - liquid, gas, solid. This weekend we'll be venturing out with our map and compass skills.
The back of all the shirts (not including the dress) say "Go Turn Yourself!" A wonderfully fun curse from the book that I won't explain so as to not spoil the books for you anymore. You must understand why Ms. Harrison loved it so much she gave me and the friends charms.
I get a little ticked off every time I drive by and see this. Well...more to the point I get upset every time I'm reminded what used to be here. But I'm a glutton for punishment and every time I can sneak in a quick drive-by, I do.
For the Champagne Cupcakes Makes 24 cupcakes:
BBC Video- Walking With Cavemen.
The Kidlet has been a real pain today. I actually had to stop in the middle of this post for an impromtu cuddle session. Which normally would be much appreciated, but I've got the cold she had last week and I'm really not feeling very cuddly at all!
If anyone of you have tryed this with a D'Arcy's Diaries image we would love to see it!
-I mowed the lawn two days ago.
A very capable and understanding sergeant made enquiries about my case and eventually told me that no further action was to be taken. He then told me (unofficially) that this person was a known drug dealer who specialised in supplying children and who also made a big habit of accusing folk of being racist against him.
I know I have the same problem when I’m writing something. I tend to want to make absolutely, positively sure my reader knows what I’m trying to get at. Then I read something like this and I remember, readers aren’t dumb! They get it! And if you have to say it, you didn’t do a good job of showing it!
The funny thing is...I may be putting in just as much or even more hours than I did at my previous job but I am still LOVING it. I know some days will be an absolute failure, but I also know that each and every day will start and end with a smile. :)
1. Your first album DOJO CUTS came out in 2009 – why so long between drinks?
of a market town have had better days.
There are several museums close to my home, a few Embassies and quite a few fabulous buildings and monuments.
I have a secret weapon.
I tap in my pin number, pick up the bag, and one of the lane blockers says, in an outraged voice, "Just who do you think you are?"
As mentioned, a perfect example of this anomaly is Putfontein, near Coligny in the North West. The claim took six years from the time the claim was approved to the time the farmer was paid out. It should be noted that as soon as a claim is approved, a farmer’s security is affected: all production aid and financing are suspended. This places the landowner under enormous financial pressure. The community which claimed Putfontein had already received ample reparation at the time of their previous dispossession, in the form of compensatory land and monetary compensation. The land they were living on at the time they made the claim against Putfontein possessed a good infrastructure. Yet the 6613 ha farm Putfontein was bought out for R13 million and given to the claiming community. Now this community owns Putfontein and the compensatory land they were originally given. They have in other words received double compensation.
Grannie's house is always full,
Sacrifice had operated in that way for centuries. It was done- but needed to be done again. And again. And again. And again…
But then another part of my brain took over: the remnant of my adolescent, Mario Brothers-playing, Darth Vader-loving, coin-op obsessing, X-Men reading, Middle Earth-daydreaming self took over. My hard-won critical eye was completely helpless.
I hate to start off on a bad note because there are highly admirable qualities to credit in this film, but this is an exploration of me understanding what I haven’t like about this film for so long. Only now, by way of actually analyzing the film, can I pinpoint those reasons. However, that doesn’t mean I have all bad things to say of it, but let me get the nagging issues out of the way first.
In addition to his European work, which includes 'Edward' (for Tina), 'El Capitán Trueno' and 'Un Paseo por la Rioja', he has worked for a variety of British publishers, drawing strips such as 'Suzette of the Silver Sword' for Diana, 'The Mind of Wolfie Smith', first published in Tornado but arriving in 2000 AD with Prog 133 (running until Prog 177), various Future Shocks for 2000AD, 'Mr Black', a series for Creepy magazine, episodes of Motormouth and Killpower for Marvel UK, Star Wars and Kitty Pride Agent of SHIELD for Marvel US in 1998.
Q. When did you start writing?
The toe-tingling you feel every morning when you wake up, because you have something to look forward to; the giddiness you experience when you have taken another baby step towards that final goal… it’s all worth putting yourself out there.
“Where are we going?” he asked the officer.
There have been brushes with the edges of a couple of hurricanes here in my current home over the last twenty years, mostly high winds, heavy rains, downed trees and power lines, flooded basements - all minor compared to the areas hit full-force, but scary enough for me to be concerned about Irene. Looks like she might hit the Northeast pretty hard, with serious damage to the Mid-Atlantic region. That's the forecast as of this afternoon, anyway.
with evident netherhair
Then I looked back up at him and said, "Because I knew."
Part-time Travel Trainer – 32 hours a week over 4 days on a term time basis (one off requirement to work up to 2 weeks flexible working during August 12 for project start up).
Of the remaining eligible kids who could possibly score the winning goal, still more must be ruled out. In commercials, it will be the smallest, scrappiest, cutest little goomer. He or she will have a small scuff of dirt on their little determined cheek, and they’ll make a face of utter surprise and delight after scoring. Therefore, none of the bigger kids on the team can score the goal, because they would appear to be a bully or a ringer. None of the clean faced kids can score it, that just wouldn’t look right. Finally, none of the really incredibly talented kids can score it because they would never be able to fake the look of surprise and delight, because as an elite 3rd grader, they knew that shot was going in.
Hefeweizen is a good-looking beer (click here for proof), and its glassware, tall and shapely, compliments that aesthetic well. Highly carbonated, Hefe also benefits from the roomy upper reaches of this glass, allowing plenty of space for that fluffy white head a well-poured Hefe boasts.
Too many CLOs don't have the information they need to manage legal costs properly. Those who continue to rely on instinct to justify budgets and increases in staffing requests are vulnerable. Today's marketplace and technology tools provide to legal departments of all sizes the ability to become savvier consumers of legal services. Shaking up long-term and trusted relationships with outside counsel will be uncomfortable. However, law firms that are truly delivering great service and doing so in an efficient manner will only stand out further when the electronic billing data is analyzed.
Life Cycle of a Book is a free online site that shares 11 different four-to-seven-minute-long video interviews with experts - who are doing that job - describing each developmental stage in the life of a book:
me: Another naughty word.
A few months later I was offered my first book contract, which proved far too dazzling an opportunity for me to cast aside. Now, twenty years later, I've cobbled a living, more or less, from writing for money. I don't stand around castigating myself: I've got mouths to feed, after all. But I still don't know whether I believe in it.
By the time this task’s post is published on Monday night, you should have already submitted page one of your comic.
So naturally, when you are a fifties-something woman who has been experiencing menstrual cycles for decades, you too would probably not think it odd to be bleeding, yet again.
the river was flowing down there in the valley,
Some of the jobs that listed a need for cloud computing skills: computer programmers, IT specialists, computer software engineers, computer system engineers, and web developers.
"But how can it be done?" I wanted to know.
Over the years I have loved discussing my affection and admiration for Green Day. While at concerts I will usually interact with other fans discussing their past albums, side projects (such as the Foxboro Hot Tubes) and describe how we were first introduced to the band. After a while I noticed a pattern amongst the “older fans,” who were introduced to Green Day prior to American Idiot and 21st Century Breakdown, which I like to call the Dookie situation. The reason I call it the Dookie situation is because most diehard Green Day fans categorize people into two categories: 1) Fans of Green Day before Dookie and 2) Fans of Green Day after Dookie. Basically, their argument is always “Were you a fan before or after they found mainstream success?” My counterargument has and will always be, “I discovered Green Day because of that album. What’s wrong with that?” That’s usually fine, but if they have an attitude I add, “Excuse me if I was only in the third grade when it came out and weren’t able to check them out in the East Bay in the early 1990s.” Luckily, that has rarely happened.
- Lyle Lovett
Not loving someone back or loving someone who loves you not is not a crime,but standstill,
This one is designed and made exclusively by girlsprop.com , you can see a tag of girlsprop.com on the adjustable chain.
Guests will be treated to a gourmet dinner, free‐flowing wine and beer and the blues stylings of Pjae Stanley plus a silent auction and raffle packed with cruises, hotel stays, gift vouchers, spa treatments and more donated by generous merchants. During the night, surprise performances will entertain the guests and after dinner DJ Jay Leshark will keep the music pumping for a night of dancing under the stars. The dress code for ladies is “colours of the ocean” (creativity is encouraged), and gentlemen, beach casual (no ties required).
keyword: BLD, Lori Boyd so we can easily find your design.
And as a side note, my outfits have left a lot to be desired so I haven't posted them lately. I'm going to use the snow day to get together my 30 in 30.
“I don’t know what the hell it was idiot!!! If I knew what it was don’t you think I would have tried to kill it myself???!!!!!”
Is it October yet???
Confiteria Ideal is becoming one of my favourite haunts for a Friday now, but Viv has labeled it Weirdo Central. Because we were later than usual I was not given the best of seats, which meant I had to stand to cabeceo. I resisted the temptation to walk around the room for at least an hour, but from where I was, I had little option. I could not even get a dance with my Mataderos lady until I went on walk about. I now know her name is Theresa, I told her my “wife says we are as good as married because we had three dances together”. She laughed and said “I am too old for you”. I had a tanda with the French lady that I did chacarera with last week and after she introduced me to her husband, we did chacarera again.
I think it turned out pretty, I hope his teacher thinks so too and will actually use it. You wouldn't even know it wasn't a real pieced quilt unless you looked really hard. The fabric is from the M'liss collection sold at Hancock fabrics. The border and binding fabric is just some stuff I had in my stash, but it probably came from Hancock's too. They are my closest fabric store, only 30 minutes away.
Tonight, I've got couples on the brain. My own past, my friend's futures, life today has seem punctuated by couples and relationships and twosomes. This summer has been one of such change in the makeup of my companion's singledom. Babies have been born and created, marriages proposed and accepted, people move to and move from. And here lies L.A., always floating and turning in space, like a tiny ballerina in a black tutu in some New York City snowglobe.
Not only can you put your phone number on them, Dog's name, etc, there is a website where you can look up the tag's link and find picture of the dog, vet's name, phone number, all kinds of things about the dog.
You will be alright
Insect Tasting Party!
No accountability in this government, drug importation continues unchecked, violence all over the streets, a disgusted, disaffected and traumatised public, public servants being accidentally thrown into St. Anns for their own good, a tight family clique abusing the public purse….No wonder MP Amery Browne saying the MS-13 gang operating in Trinidad…..he watching them infiltrate the Parliament every week!
In my forties, with the ugly Five-O looming on the horizon like Godzilla with a bad case of hammer toe, I got serious about writing. If I was going to do this, I’d better get cracking, I told myself. I was going to finish the darn book and get published before my fiftieth birthday.
Why didst thou promise such a beauteous day,
Did you catch that first clause? “The Lord will fulfill his purpose for me!” Have you ever heard any promise so amazing?? He has a purpose for me, and he will fulfill it. No matter what. He is God, and he will do what he says he will do.
(Auld Ayr, wham ne'er a town surpasses
- Performances
2. Is it a particle? A wave? Combination or something entirely different???
The minimum I need to be able to write is quiet and no internet. Rewriting and editing however I can do anywhere at all - on dining table, television on, family rampaging.
1. Put the water, oil and chicken soup powder in a large pot and bring to the boil.
Another problem is that he's been super fussy from teething, and he gets up SO early, awake by 5:30/6, I put him down for his first nap now (by going on a walk) before 8 am, and then he hasn't been falling asleep until like . . . 9 some nights? I feel like I have no time to myself, he's nursing so much in the middle of the night lately, I'm just exhausted.
So, lately, I've been a worrier, as evidenced by my last post here. I worry about what's going to happen to the middle class in the U.S. I worry about how we're going to pay for college for Colden so that he has more options open to him and can figure out what he *really* loves to do. I seem to worry all the time, sometimes to the point where I make myself feel physically sick.
She nodded, but her hand tightened on his arm as they approached the frontier barrier. She need not have worried. An American customs agent wearing a Texas hat climbed aboard. "Y'all citizens?" he asked. They all were. "O.K." He climbed back down.
Mobile- Fisher-Price Rain Forest Peekaboo mobile – We bought it primarily for the light and remote feature, but those are pretty useless. The light is just a light on the box. It does not light up the animals at night, so basically the baby cannot see the mobile move if the lights are out in the room. The remote is good only for a specific period of the mobile’s activity. You can’t use the remote to start the mobile after 3 hours of inactivity. You have to get up and physically start the mobile. Having said that, my daughter likes the mobile. She responds well to it, but I guess she would respond to any other mobile as well.
You: Wow! Summer = over.
I have spoken on each day this week, though only brief interventions:
Sofitel hotels are upscale with a French influence. The Sofitel Montreal guest rooms feature floor-to-ceiling windows with downtown views and original artwork. The Philadelphia Sofitel is steps from Rittenhouse Square and America’s inspiring historic treasures. The Art Deco Miami Sofitel overlooks a blue lagoon. Hollywood glamour can be found at the Los Angeles Sofitel, which is not far from Rodeo Drive. The Chicago Sofitel is a 32-story prism of glass near the Magnificent Mile, Navy Pier, and Lake Michigan. Bordering the White House, the Washington, DC Sofitel boasts marble bathrooms with separate tubs and showers. The restaurant at Sofitel Minneapolis is akin to a turn-of-the century Parisian brasserie. Located in the Bay Area, the San Francisco Sofitel is a resort-style property on a lagoon. Conveniently placed in midtown Manhattan, the New York Sofitel is close to Times Square and Broadway theaters.
It is a wavering, keening type of singing, traditionally unaccompanied. Sung in Irish the songs have an ancient, tribal feel to them.
Excuse me while I fail to get up as I imagine the special x-ray process whereby Penguin, who say that they never actually said the manuscript was original, only that it 'seemed' so, can judge a manuscript when - as they also say, thus giving the whole game away - 'It would not have been read.'
