I was playing with glass mixtures and for whatever reason, the crystal clear powder I use, from Bullseye, tends to produce a bit of a cloudy effect in the fused glass. I'm fairly certain I'm not doing something right when I use this, but in this case, I thought the effect it created was pretty unique.
See Lancing from Space
renting a Forest Fields house owned by landlord, Mr Shakil. When they
We had to pick several fabrics in the various tints, shades and tones of our pure fabric. Here are mine:
I will do my best to be
But, a precise definition of faith-based organization or faith-based community organizations, except to say that these were organizations involved in social service delivery, has remained vague.
neither lectures nor debates. They are conversations, ideally thoughtful
All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) and Microsoft Corporation announced that AICTE will deploy Microsoft Live@edu over the next three months to more than 10,000 technical colleges and institutes throughout India. The cloud deployment will expand students’ access to high-quality technical education and collaboration.
Total Weight Loss: 90.8lbs
Tau crisis suit
For example, TO DIE FOR covers the ground of people who are driven to be famous because they have no skills for anything else, and honestly believe adoration of strangers will make them better people. What is the difference? Flat out: what Nicole Kidman does to become famous is interesting, funny, and ultimately shocking, while what Jones and Zellweger do is predictable, tedious, and unpleasant. Also, Kidman's character honestly believes in the ridiculous platitudes she espouses, so we laugh at her naievete, but the CHICAGO girls seem to know what they are professing is bullshit, and so how can we invest any interest in it if they can't even believe in their own philosophy?
Use a ladle to remove about 2/3rds of the liquid agar-agar in the pan, and place this clear portion into the mold or cupcake liners. Do not let this mixture set. (I think set agar-agar can be reboiled to return it to its liquid state but I’ve never tried it before).
Possessed now of human intelligence but still a horse deep inside, Jess desperately searches this world for her master and rider, using her fiery equine spirit to take on human idiosyncracies--and human threats.
6. And I'm getting LASIK, barring any final reservations from my doctor. People keep warning me that I might go blind-- "You only have one pair of eyes!" I appreciate the concern but I find the reasoning somewhat facetious. Yes, I COULD maybe possibly go blind. But if I live to be 101, I'll probably go blind by then. Heck, even if I don't live to be 101, I could develop diabetes at 70, come down with glaucoma at 85, and then go completely blind at 90.
I've heard people say that it can take a few cycles to get used to menstrual cups, but honestly, I got used to mine in about 30 seconds. I watched the video and did exactly as it recommended: fold, insert, and twist. Super easy. The cup doesn't go way up high like a tampon, just high enough to get the entire thing inside with the bottom of the cup near the vaginal opening.
Quite obviously I need to get back on the sewing machine again so I have some beautiful and home crafted fashion to show and tell about....but for now, cup of earl grey tea in hand, enjoy a bit of Internet eye candy - and I hope you have the chance to talk about the birds and the bees on many occasions!
Native Hungarian band Thy Catafalque proves to nary explore uninteresting places, since their sound varies from track to track, often drawing from the influences of folk, black metal, industrial, and doom. I don’t think I’ve ever heard an album like this – which, when it comes to progressive metal especially, usually means mission accomplished. Not to say I was unfamiliar with the road this band was taking me down, but its destinations were different from what I was expecting. This is the first album by this band I’ve had a chance to hear yet, but there’s not a weak track to be found here.
The image is by Mo Manning and the sentiment is computer generated. I think that if you buy the rubber stamp of this as opposed to the digi, you get this sentiment. Thats where I got the idea from. The papers are from First Editions Dreamcatcher paper pad, the swirl die is Magnolia Doo Hickey and the butterflies have been cut using a Memory Box die.
Next the Lord says: “blessed are the meek, for they shall possess the earth by inheritance.” To the meek and gentle, to the humble and modest, and to those who are prepared to endure all injuries, the earth is promised for their possession.
Do you want your health and soul to propser? Yes or No
So, where do I start? I have the Monthly Pass through weight watchers and will continue to go to meetings and weigh in weekly. I have to change my weigh in day because of my new job (yay!) but I will not be following the PointsPlus plan. I will be using My Fitness Pal, which I will refer to as MFP. This is a free online calorie tracker that counts calories, fats, proteins, and carbs and helps you monitor all of it. The most inspiring thing about the site is that after you track your daily food and exercise, it will tell you "if everyday was like today, you can expect to lose ___ pounds in ___days". To me, that is very very helpful.
However, I don't have any children. When I recommend to a mum that they have a good routine for their baby, perhaps do a bit of baby massage to promote good sleep, not to worry about fussy eating, how to deal with behaviour issues etc. I do so out of experience of training and chatting to a wealth of friends and family members who have had children of their own. Does the fact that I have never given birth invalidate all I have said?
If you and she have a conversation, or IM, or text, or email, she may post it on her blog — if it is of interest to her.
What are your blogging goals, personally and/or professionally? In other words, what, if anything, are you trying to get out your blog?
I don’t mean this as righteous, but it may come off that way, especially in contrast to my friend above: when the packing came out of me, as I was lying in bed a few days after the op, I cried too, but I cried because I could feel the gauze moving around inside me. Because I had an interior at last. I think that’s what I said to the doctor as he was doing the magic trick of pulling endless gauze from between my legs.
The following announcement came in our recent Diocesan e-mail newsletter, and be forewarned, you can't make this stuff up.
From opposite ends of the country but he has the same bike as me, only a black one (and not as good.)
Now every time Maribel sees an empty roll waiting for someone to change to a new one she instructs both Joe and I to keep them so we can add to the Zooble run. What ever works to keep her from glittering the cats and getting into stuff even if it's only for a half an hour. Hey, I'll take what I can get.
“Ohobilah, see how much they love you? I love you so much more.”
Q043) When you’re in the middle of a busy day, when do you relax?
I have just learned that Debbie Cook allegedly sent this message to approximately twelve thousand OT Scientologists, yes, you read correctly; 12,000 scientologists around the world.
In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter and sugar on medium speed until light yellow, about 2 minutes. With the mixer on low speed, add the vanilla, eggs, and peanut butter and mix until all ingredients are combined.
old memories of pleasure
Turns… And looks at me
Tea Bags
Both men were ordained by Bishop Alan Hopes, an auxiliary of Westminster, in the presence of the Ordinary of the Ordinariate, Mgr Keith Newton, who preached. The ordinations took place at the newly reordered St Patrick's Soho Square, which was packed for this glorious occasion. The ceremony itself was as beautiful as we have now come to expect from Ordinariate liturgies. But apart from the joy and beauty of the solemn occasion itself, what struck me as particularly wonderful was the sight of so many young people at the Mass - all of them, even the non-Catholic ones - truly happy to see these two men being ordained into the priesthood of Jesus Christ.
He’s been here since 2:00pm. The server asks if the drink in front of him is his. His reply is “no,…..its water”. “It burns”.
I also put up a wreath in my kitchen. It's pieced, a bit like a Dresden plate quilt block, in Christmas fabrics. My mother made it many years ago and it's nice to have something of hers to keep me company this year.
Last weekend's baby shower went well - the mom-to-be looked fabulous with her basketball baby bump and my gift of a handmade baby album was well-received. I'm always nervous giving a handmade gift to someone so it was quite a relief to hand it over and see smiles.
And what happened to Pujadas and Ferrari? Barbie and Ken might as well have been actual dolls instead of doll look-alikes. They neither moderated, directed, nor civilized the debate. On the whole, it was as disappointing as the rest of the campaign, and if I have to hear Sarkozy say one more time "folie dépensière" or "mensonge," I think I'll scream.
This particular editor added that the imprint would be concentrating instead on the timeless topic of the Olympic Games in China. Obviously that is a far more inspiring subject than this writer’s “unhealthy” preoccupation with the methodical ethnic cleansing of the Afrikaner farmer.
Ok. When it comes to MS, there really is no simple explanation. It sucks sometimes. This being said, I try to not let it change who I am… Some of the challenges I’m more than willing to share, some I’m not :-p The biggest problem I’ve come to expect is not knowing what to expect. Everyone will have a different experience, and no one will be able to tell the recently diagnosed “ok, so this is what’s going to happen”. All you can do is learn to pay more attention to what your body is telling you.
I'm in a weird stage in my life. I'm in this in between, finding/creating myself. Going through the waves and seeing what keeps me a float. May Allah guide me through these words and duas. && guide the rest of the Ummah. Ameen.
down here having no courage
The main thing to take away from that page though is that I am the primary author of the Bantam paperback STAR TREK LIVES! which blew the lid on Star Trek fandom and introduced the world to what is now known as “/” fiction. (New York Times reporters blushed)
We have a somewhat active lifestyle. But I don't really "exercise". Unless you count yoga. Which I don't. Because, while it can be strenuous and really excellent for flexibility and balance, it's not the kind of workout that gets your heart rate up. I enjoy yoga a lot, but it's not a calorie burner.
Until then, you should leave a comment telling me if you've done anything more exciting than me in the past 12 days. The person with the best response wins a night out with me. (we'll probably go see another Epic movie)
Better: I’m going to try to sub one unhealthy snack for a healthy fruit or veggie snack every day.
I wrote some really bad poetry, submitted it to various journals and magazines, it was promptly and summarily rejected (and rightly so, in retrospect), but this rejection made me want to defend myself as writer, to want to prove that I was the real deal, but that meant more than simply wanting to be a writer but to work at it, however long it would take, however hard the work would be.
Monday-Thurs: I go to work, JP works from home (if we have internet, oh please let us have internet), kids go to new daycare
I: I’m 35 now.
Last year was an international secret agent, ‘Man!
Dec 2011 - Christmas portrait
Angela Gabriel (Lab) 2389
Thinking for a few moments, Adam replies, “What could I get for a rib?”
Now I hated high school. The clicks, the catty girls, and boys filled with too much testosterone that never seemed to ask me out. Still, there was one reason to gnaw through the bed restraints every morning and make my way off to this virtual hell.
cherry tree.
is no longer strong;
Where man has not been
absurd
Jasmine and I had a synchronistic moment on Thursday. After weeks of interrupted attempts at writing a Fragrant Friday post for this oil, I finally found a couple of quiet hours on Thanksgiving evening. As I was looking through Joni Keim's book Daily Aromatherapy to search out its higher meaning, I turned to the chapter on Jasmine and received a bit of a shock when I read this: Jasmine is the best essential oil for gratitude. I know now that I wasn't supposed to write about this oil until Thanksgiving weekend!
So, what has happened in these past few months? Well, where to begin!
A life dominated by weakness and frailty never inspires. Bring positive value.
Ship's pervade the novel. During his investigation, Beck learns the habits and customs of boat travel through Sweden, its system of locks and the practice of taking on deck passengers who ride the ships like buses from one lock to another. The few brief scenes of Beck at home describe him as an unhappily married man who spends his off hours building model ships instead of interacting with his family. Ships provide a means of escape for Beck, for Roseanna the American tourist and for the suspected killer who rides them throughout Sweden when on vacation.
A few weeks ago, actually while I was on the Camino (more on this to come soon), I decided I'd make the effort to become a proper blogger. So I suppose the time has come. Here it is. My first food post.
(3) Where is the business based and does location matter?
By my rough count I sampled 13 new beers, mostly Colorado product and mostly singles, which doesn’t make for decent commentary. (Someone has posted a set of “rules” for beer sampling and one of them cautions against forming an opinion about a beer after only a single sample. Which is why I don’t really “rate” beers here, right.)
We sit silently for a few seconds before I speak again: ‘Maybe I could go on yours.’
In addition to being a designer and a blogger, you’re also an author. Your newest book, Sassy Tips, is about to hit bookstands across the country. What can readers expect from this latest offering? Will there be a tour to promote the book?
So, I had a egg noodle in Miso-soup in stead of having a Miso-Ramen!
Stop the presses, hold the front page! The French eat and sleep more than any other nation in the developed world. At least that's the word out of the OECD (Organisation of Economic Cooperation and Development) today.
It wasn't til we went out to dinner one night that I found out that she was actually engaged to a guy interstate but had come back when her parents moved home to work out if she really wanted to marry him.
The bravest heart
Published with Blogger-droid v1.6.5
My job now was to drive to Las Vegas, NV. Nothing special, just driving. Interestingly we saw three biking biking right on the highway, on the shoulder of course. At night? They were a bit pushing it, I think. We made it to Las Vegas by 8 or 9PM. Lily was recommending that $40 buffet in Bellagio. Well, I was a bit hungry, but $40 buffet was an overkill. So we settled to some Korean cook yourself place. It was quite good enough. While driving, Rita booked the cheapest hotel she could find – Circus Circus. It was indeed cheap. It took maybe an hour to check in. Everything was slow. The place, especially where we were, had this old dusty rundown feel to it. No wonder it was so cheap.
Create a Shade Pearl Paint
Has a lot of ideas. Extraordinary ideas. Always thinking. Sharp thinking. I've generally got my various story ideas playing in my head, like a tv always on in a room. On top of that, I've got the Julia music channel playing music at all times in my head, as well. So in computer lingo, I've got two creative windows open and running at all times. And another window generally runs rather philosophic observations and questions. Then I operate in the real world somehow. I find that last one the hardest to keep up. My thoughts tend more to ruminating on the spiritual growth that comes from suffering rather than 'should I get my hair cut'.
One of the things Laz and I occupied ourselves with this weekend, was my new obsession with leveling a brand new Shaman for Mists of Pandaria.
I'm in my 30s and engaged to Sharon, the beautiful woman who keeps me in check. We live in Shipley, just outside Bradford, with our Staffordshire Bull Terrier, Jess. I'm an English teacher in secondary school and, after working as a Teaching & Learning Consultant with the local authority, have returned to the classroom to become a Learning Leader and Aspiring AST (please see my blog, 'The Aspiring AST'). I'm also trying to become a little more cultured, especially by seeing what culture's right here on my doorstep in Bradford and West Yorkshire (please see my blog, 'Am I Kulchad Yet?').
As I made dinner and she sat playing with her magnetic letters, she recited the alphabet, the sing-song version (where in British English it ends with zed and not zee so doesn't rhyme as well)... about 70% correctly. I've never taught it to her. She's picked it up from various places.
Here's the first video with the two sacs. If you look below the sacs, you will see a smaller dark spot. That is the hematoma. It is pretty far away from the actual babies, so that is a good thing I hope.
What is in the works for Reed Street Productions?
“I didn’t take any last December as I had just moved here and there were a lot of things to sort out so now I have to do two exams this semester, I am doing it through on-line study with a school in Norway and I want to try and keep doing it but it might be difficult doing exams in December with the games here then.”
What is missing here that makes Doody feel it’s not by Austen: on the one hand, in the early writing the irritation, the breaking of taboos by abrupt violences within and without the characters; and in the later the slowing down, the avoidance of these sorts of tricks, the use of propriety and naturalness to control the surface.
I have decided to simply shut off at least internet people, by de-activating facebook and disabling blog comments. I listen to what Krishna said in the Gita and what the Rishis said in the Upanishads and Vedas and discuss my questions with my Veda Guru. It is true that I may miss an oxygen molecule once a way, but the rest of the pollution is worth escaping from. I am going to continue my research and writing, in my pace, in my way. But since I don’t yet know how to do a selective shut-off, I am shutting almost everyone off.
She smiled a little, almost apologetic. “All-in.”
Image - SWALK Winter Cheer coloured with Spectrum Noirs with stickles for the snow.
Just to help me through
All of the above assumes familiar sperm (through marriage) because the introduction of unfamiliar sperm through one night stands and other fleeting relations may cause the female body to react in ways that are detrimental to herself and any offspring that may result.
Glans quotes an article by Business and Media Institute’s Julia Seymour who wrote that the “Fear of chemicals and ‘toxins’ is rampant among the so-called ‘environmental’ left. Unfortunately, that phobia infects national media coverage as well. For more than a decade, the Left has been on the attack against BPA, a product that is commonly found in plastics and other products.”
Flight JQ 20 left Kansai International Airport (OSAKA) about 21:00 Wednesday bound for Perth with 186 adult passengers, four babies and a crew of 13 including 4 pilots. Most of the passengers were Japanese nationals, a report said.
In The Russian Revolution, Rose Luxemburg wrote, “The freedom of speech is meaningless unless it means the freedom of the person who thinks differently.” She was speaking of the systematic persecution of those who were critical of the Bolshevik suspension of democracy that followed the 1917 revolution, but her maxim aptly lends itself to the struggle over historical narrative that persists in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
917 D-XI/20/1985. “Usurpation and Due Process: The Contemporary Relevance of the Bar Admission Cases”. The College of Law, DePaul University, Chicago, Illinois.
Or you’re trying to protect me from my own self.
It was one of the more entertaining times I've had drinking beer in the past decade or so. Don't miss it--you'll regret it if you do. (Or end up having to go all the way to Germany. Not bad, but inconvenient.)
THIS week:
The monks had paid for the legal work and for the levelling....and the neighbour now had a piece of land that was sellable...and a ready made site for building a house.
After spending countless days cleaning up litter from all the careless people in Wartville, Mother Nature grants this tired old man “power over trash”. This wizard then proceeds to teach the whole town a lesson by magically sending the litter he finds on the ground back to the original person who threw it. Soon almost all of the inhabitants of Wartville are covered with trash that is mysteriously stuck to them. It doesn’t take long, however, for the townspeople to get the message and promise to never litter again! The Wartville Wizard is a wonderfully humorous tale.2. Michael Recycle
It is thus no wonder that the woman (church) who rides the 1st beast (one-world religious system) is referred to in the last book in the Bible as:
Oh! I forgot to mention one really cool thing about Taqueria Tsunami. Certain menu items are starred, which means that a portion of the proceeds from them are donated to tsunami and disaster relief efforts around the world. Fancy!
This year we played new music and more new music that sprang forth as a result of that Ireland trip. We played some old favorites. Children danced - some of the best dancing EVER at any of my performances. People laughed, clapped, soaked up the late evening sun and let the music float over them.
“Come on, you know Dad says we should always help each other.”
I’m writing this on my iPod, so please excuse me if it is short, and not as well-written as some of my other posts.
Here's a first exclusive look at some of the performance of The Crash of The Elysium, coming to Ipswich this Summer!
New support for “legislation that would repeal the Defense of Marriage Act assures that the necessary votes are in place for a favorable Senate committee vote on the measure as advocates maintain hearings should take place first before advancing the bill,” the Washington Blade reports.
Overall, the place is fun, nicely designed and promises to be a sure-thing address for a majority of both the after-work and night-crawling crowd. While not every bar in town is obligated to make a decent martini, that's my thing. So even if I really like the space, I gotta call them out on their cocktails. With the vague rumors I continue to hear about behind the scene decisions here, I believe it will take a little time before le Pompon works out the drink kinks and hits full stride as either a place serving really good cocktails or your basic beer and well drinks. In the meantime, they're worth a visit for a pint and some good music.
Over and over in the chorus, she asks that they stay in the yellow.
If we raise our children to be the best unique person they can be then they will be happy and secure, not frustrated and trying to meet someone else’s expectations of who they should be.
All of them crooks
Impressing managers and club owners can be a bit more difficult. The main reason is that, for the most part, you’re trying to catch the eye of someone that saw you start. They were there when you shit the bed. It’s very difficult to get past that impression. That’s why it sometimes seems unfair that people from other parts of the country show up in a place like Toronto and look great. We never got to see them suck. We are only see them with honed material. So, it’s important to get out of the place you start (once you start to get established, time-wise). So that when you go for gigs in Ottawa, Montreal or vancouver – you’re doing the same thing. You’re showing up ready. Mark Farrell, stand-up demi-god and producer of 22 Minutes and Corner Gas was headlining across this country long before he was headlining in Halifax (where he started).
If your kid (or the kid in you) still likes to indulge in the odd gummy bear, try this recipe out because I have a feeling you’ll be hooked too.
Here is the other one.
reading last year's slices.
Open 7 days a week, 11:00 am – 1:00 am
Maria Duval, world-famous clairvoyant and consultant of international celebrities, is advertising what even she admits is a “strange and truly amazing offer.” I get to choose not one but seven wishes from her extensive checklist of dreams for personal bliss. I simply enter my numbered selections on the accompanying “special form for fulfilling your wishes,” then sit back and wait for a large, discreet, white envelope to arrive in the mail. According to the ad, I probably won’t believe my eyes, but each of the wishes should come true.
And it was perfect.
You’ve recently expanded the scope of your role yet again Adam, congratulations! Can you explain your new job as you would to a 5-year-old?
I nipped over to Bath from Bristol on Friday. I'd never been there before, but ever since reading Persuasion and Mansfield Park in my teens, I've had a strong image of it in my head. And, inevitably, I suppose, it turned out to be different from my image, the architecture much grander and more imposing. Was I influenced by the neatness and economy of Austen's prose, and her intimate human perspective, I wonder? See what happens when you view life through books?
Enviable Efficiency
Here's a picture of my stand on the day ... I was so pleased with it! Me and my other half put a lot of work into it and I think the result was just what I wanted ...
Wolfe, Tom. The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test. New York: Bantam Books, 1968. Print.
Nothing went smooth until the men went fishing on Nathan’s actor friend, Brad’s fishing boat. Enamored with Brad the young men hung on his every word. Alcohol flowed and the young men retreated below for movies and conversation. Mitch and Rob stayed above to continue fishing until “the big one” pulled little Rob into the water. With life ring in hand Mitch dove in to save Rob.
Suddenly, a fist smashed through the stomach wall of my mom and I yelled "Prepare ye selves!" then I finished my escape by doing a flying dragon kick to smash out into the world. I was naked, but I was born with a black belt around my waist. No one knew how it got there, but it was a miracle of medicine and this event was documented, if anyone wants to confirm it. I grabbed my umbilical cord and bit it in half with my teeth. The chunk that I chewed off I spat onto the floor, and it was immediately devoured by a nearby golden retriever. As soon I was born, I uttered my first words, which were "Where is my cake!? Incompetence!" and the doctors begged for forgiveness, which I granted them. The birthday cake was brought into the room, and a stripper burst out of the cake and she sang "Happy Birthday" like Marilyn Monroe.
Do you prefer dinner at home, take out, or eat in a restaurant?
Rule #4: ‘nough said! I’m a tough teacher and a tough boss. I expect nothing less from my teachers and boss’.
But never met anyone to trust and hold…
Strong customer response to higher-priced items, including big-screen TVs, mattresses and certain jewelry offerings contributed to a slight uptick in average selling price in the quarter, as well as a more modest increase in units shipped and an expected increase in return rates.
To the right, we have more suitcases, wrapping paper, coffee makers, art not even unpacked from the last time we moved, a difficult to see hutch to the antique secretary, more assorted crap, and an unbelievable number of plastic forks and spoons in that basket in the front.
As Mary watched Jesus raise her brother from the dead, unwrapped the graveclothes from his body and, in the days following, thought of what she had learned at Jesus’ feet, she somehow realized the truth of what lay ahead. As the news of Lazarus’ resurrection spread through Judea, the excitement surrounding this man Jesus grew, as did the religious leaders’ fury. Those who had seen Lazarus raised went to Jerusalem and testified to all the people gathered for the Passover – John tells us that many of the people who greeted him at the triumphal entry came because they had heard of Lazarus. In Jerusalem, everyone wanted to know whether Jesus was coming, most of all the leaders who waited for the perfect moment to seize him. At the center of this storm, sat Mary with the clear recognition that what Jesus had done for her brother might very well be the impetus to his own death. She was also now strengthened by the faith that the miracle was designed to instill—she realized, perhaps more than anyone at this point, the fullness of who Christ was. What she does is full of sorrowing love but also unwavering faith. Mary’s response is actually uncannily like Jesus’ later in the chapter—fully aware of the sorrow and pain ahead but ruled by a faith that desires the glory of God more than anything else. She worships his death not because she takes it lightly or looks forward to it, but because she has learned that, with Jesus, death can be the way to life.
This is another recipe from the recipe swap that I participate in. The theme this week was "tailgating foods." Nachos are the ultimate tailgating food, in my opinion, so I wasn't surprised when I got this in my inbox.
Candidates must not be below 20 years of age and not over 35 years of age by the 5th of May 2012.
"Strange blog" (They hit the jackpot there).
I keep bringing up The Paper Mill production so much, not only because I got to see it and it was phenomenal, but it drew such praise there had been discussion of transferring it to Broadway for a revival. The cast, many of whom I mentioned earlier, included Phyllis Newman as Stella Deems performing "Who's That Woman?" and Liliane Montevecchi as Solange La Fitte performing "Ah, Paris," — the same parts the actresses played in the 1986 concert version. Unfortunately, for some reason James Goldman nixed the transfer, disliking some changes Paper Mill made. However, Goldman died later in 1998.
Label: Anticon
3. Tokimonsta - day job
“Hey! It was great! Went up to Northern Friend’s…had a blast with her family and all those babies! How was your Thanksgiving…with your family?” No hesitation…he tells me, “It was great! I always love the holidays when I can be with my mom and the family! I don’t like the 20 hour drive…but it was worth it. Wait, let me pull off the road so I don’t loose the call, the connections up here are spotty.”
8/1 – Everybody seemed to like the beer, my mom had two! I think next time I want to keep the Biscuit at 4 – 6 oz, 8 seems like a bit much to me. Also might want to cut the sugar down to ½ a pound.
For some particular reason, I’m very “attached” to my memories. I feel that, without memories, somehow we can’t really see our full percourse and so we can’t IMPROVE, from the point of existence that we were back then.
"Hang on Hannah, what's happening? There's something you're not telling me, not just your grandfather."
Diaper Decisions -- Cost of Cloth Diapers -- A very helpful page that compares various cloth systems with disposables, including energy costs (which I particularly like). It's very detailed, which is helpful -- but it doesn't account for making anything yourself/using one-size diapers, so some of the costs are higher than they would actually have to be. The same goes for the disposables, which can be purchased for less when using sales/Amazon/etc. Still, this page is valuable as a cost comparison, or even as a reminder of costs to include when making calculations.
Ho-hum!. The article goes into great deliberations as to why that might be and what it means to the opposition. It all depends on how you phrase it. After all, without any MSM coverage (of overwhelming importance in most of Russia where people do not read blogs all that much) one in four Russian does know who the man is and has an opinion on whether his stories are more or less accurate, why the authorities keep summoning him and whether he would make a good president (overwhelmingly, the answer is no, incidentally).
Are these the same woman or two different women? It really doesn’t matter but it does provide a striking comparison between two possible lives.
Garvey and I are home watching television. He requested Michael Jackson videos, so I put them on. All of a sudden, he turns off the TV and says:
The boxer soon realized that his connection to the world
To ask the Minister for Finance if he will confirm that the National Asset Management Agency is not required to redeem its senior debt until 2020 and that NAMA is paying a rate of interest on its senior debt equal to the six month Euroibor rate; and if NAMA is entitled to invest its cash reserves in projects which support the Irish economy pursuant to sections 2 and 12 of the NAMA Act..
We are bereft of waffle-y convenience here in the O-Hi-O, they exist but they're not at impulse distance anymore. In my quest to make dreams a reality, I found that one cannot purchase a Waffle House franchise. Every Waffle House in the world is still owned by the family of the original founders. And there's no indication that they might consider changing that. Good for them.
Ø Can’t/Don’t: These words force the listener to focus on exactly the opposite of what you want. This is a classic mistake that parents and coaches make without knowing the damage of this linguistic error.
Perhaps I'm just saying this because I'm now in my 40s, well on the way to becoming an old git. How can I compete with a 22-year-old who is "hungry for success" (a friend of mine recently heard a young colleague say this without a hint of irony) and untainted by the experience of working for tossers?
We will start with the plain pinwheels.
"Yes, right now."
Just some piano plonking, ma’am.
My friend Christopher Benson recommended that I read Philip Yancey’s Soul Survivor – How My Faith Survived the Church and I’m now eager to pass that recommendation on to others. I plan to say more about the book later, but for now, two brief remarks on its two greatest virtues:
Funny how when you begin to think about the workload ahead of you, you can feel yourself getting stressed and all tensed-up; then just like that, in a moment, you take one look a beautiful sunrise and it's all but forgotten...that is until you get to the office.
A lawless Johannesburg underbelly was revealed – dominated by drug lords, steroid-filled bouncers, an international smuggling syndicate, a shady security unit moonlighting for the police and sinister self-serving sleuths abusing state agencies.
I'm glad I survived the Demon Train so I could come back and tell you that I had a wonderful lunch before going into the temple.
203 it
and its own arrogance in its own system.
It begins – tonight, exactly at 8:00 p.m. Israelis love to be fashionably late – this one day, there is no late. Everyone is assembled, standing and quiet at a few seconds to 8:00 p.m. They announce the ceremony will begin after the siren; please stand. And so thousands around me will stand and bow their heads. And then the siren begins.
I actually felt sorry for Andrea tonight, how they just left her there after saving another member of their group. Luckily a high profile character from the comics showed up in time to save her from a grisly fate.
Also unfortunate is his depiction of both Native American and English cultures in the story of the clash that resulted when the latter fist landed in Virginia. It’s obvious that a great deal of energy was spent on a genuine attempt to appreciate Native culture, but the ultimately bucolic and toothless depiction lends itself more to fantasy than reality. And a romantic fantasy is probably the best way to describe The New World. It’s nominally more successful as a romance than a drama, and Q'Orianka Kilcher, who couldn’t have been older than 13 or 14 when filming began, is an incredibly magnetic and lovely presence. However, making the strongest and most likable character in the film a beautiful young girl who is all the more attractive to her suitors for her innocence and ignorance reveals a streak of misogyny that turns the romance sour. In the end, World can be appreciated for little more than its visual beauty.
3) have at least one year of online teachingexperience in K-12 settings.
Having so many irons in the fire prohibits Peri from having a blog to visit, so please feel free to use the comment section here for any questions or accolades that you wish to express. I'll certainly keep you posted on this ongoing project and once again, I say thanks to Peri for choosing me as her subject for this lovely fiber art portrait.
Travelling around England gives you get a sense of how the spirit of the contemporary age is expressed in contemporary architecture, while history and identity are expressed in historic architecture. Nearly every English town or city has been ruined or seriously damaged by the local authorities. It was a tragic mistake to give local councils the power of compulsory purchase to demolish property and build some temporary shopping mall or office block. Most cities are now largely owned by the local councils who have taken property off private owners and are ceasing to be English: just ugly, incoherent muddles.
forgotten about it. He snatched it from Luis.
It’s not perfect and it sometimes rather awkwardly straddles the gap between mass appeal and ‘serious work’, but it’s definitely worth a read if you have even a passing interest in the period. The title might be gimmicky but the approach of ‘living’ the history and telling it in the present tense isn’t.
and so much trendy kale
Today is my grandson Jonathan's eighth birthday. Even though he died suddenly on January 13, 2006, at the age of two years and 17 days, we still count December 27th as his birthday. We always will. He was such a sweet child, loved his five siblings, enjoyed playing ball, "swimming" in the lake, toy trucks and playing in the bed of his Granddaddy's truck. He adored his big brother Jacob, and sisters Micah, Rebecca, Sarah and Susannah.
Steve Vai-Guitar, Vocals
Here are my options:
Still, Edwards' resume was far more eclectic than you'd think and he did produce some classics. His only competitive Oscar nomination came for writing the adapted screenplay for Victor/Victoria. He received two Emmy nominations for Peter Gunn, for writing and directing the same episode. He also earned a Directors Guild nomination for Breakfast at Tiffany's.
So I got out my shotgun.
“It woke me up. I heard a woman in my building scream. It lasted several seconds,” said a resident in nearby Oakland, located across San Francisco Bay. The resident said it was still dark when the quake hit.
Come find me in booth 8-2013 in the Etsy Emerging Artists Pavilion. I have been working like crazy to produce new work especially for the show and can't wait to see you there!
There has been no yelling in this house for an entire week now. We have had this before, when husband went away on business trips. But he has been home this time. I see him listening before reacting now. What used to be instant rage, is mellow understanding.
The question in my heart now is “How Lord?” How do I anoint myself?
* If you'd like to have posts from this blog arrive directly in your Facebook news feed, you can make it so by *liking* its Facebook page.
Record: 20-13
Knowing a person that forms part of the interview, you are about to conduct means nothing. That personal connection stops with the first question being asked – after that, your relationship – momentarily – is turned into a business-professional relation.
As I think about ‘having to go to church’, I find myself asking a much bigger question, “Why would anyone want to miss church?” It is then that I realize how many truly bad church experiences there are out there. I feel badly for some of the churches I dragged my kids into. As I reflect on what those were, I think to myself, “I wished I would have missed many of those Sundays!” Why? Because they weren’t an accurate representation of what church is supposed to be.
In an e-mail blast to thousands of my followers on July 21, 2005, I said,
So now I leave the kids with Mr Scruff and go on Saturdays. Along with every one else. Its a race to beat the 4x4 to the one parking space available (I always loose - its my good nature and battered Ford Focus that always lets me down), a clash of the trolleys, a constant chorus of 'sorry's, and 'excuse me's, a bum fight at the meat counter, dodging the dads with their Boden clad offspring (how come their mum gets the day off), the North London middle class buying their essential hummus and dinner party Chablis. And me wheel spinning around a breakneck speed fearing the Scruff household will fall apart if I don't return post haste. It's hell on earth.
I have no words.
So, I was shopping (for gifts!) in Cherry Creek and thought I'd take a scenic street home.
The world narrowed to a tunnel around the koldun’s face. The last thing Stolik saw were the corpses of his fallen men, rising up from the earth.
Kim, Maggie, Rogan & Meg x
During my meal I spied a sign on the back bar advertising something called Lumberyard Red in cans. Thinking I’d likely need a beer or two back at the hotel, I asked the waitress if they had any package beers cold, when she replied in the affirmative, I had her add a 12-pack of the Lumberyard to my tab, then I settled up and made my way back to the hotel where I watched a couple more innings of the world series before changing over to a Charlie Brown classic. I sampled the Lumberyard there in the hotel and am happy to report that I can recommend it as well. I’ll give a better set of tasting notes soon.
Since the retirement of Jim Kelly in 1996 10 different quarterbacks have started games for the Bills. Todd Collins, Alex Van Pelt, Rob Johnson, Doug Flutie, Drew Bledsoe, J.P. Losman, Kelly Holcomb, Trent Edwards, Ryan Fitzpatrick, and Brian Brohm. Out of all of these guys Ryan Fitzpatrick this week became the first incumbent starting quarterback to secure a contract extension with the Bills.
Special Enquiry Bureau (S.E.B) ‘D’
I’m fascinated with book cover art: how publishers, designers, and artists make choices to represent a book is kind of a cool possible subfield of lit. studies and way to remind students (and oneself) of the existence of a marketplace, book-as-commodity, and genre branding.
Elsewhere, consumers who believed that Nutella was nutritious have won a $3.05 million lawsuit, the highest award ever paid to morons.
Goodnight darling
Contact the shop owner.
As part of the scavenger hunt, Lisa is sharing the book trailer for WATERFALL.
Watch the surgery done here:
13. What does your mom do for her job? "she writes Help files for cash registers -- 'cause cash registers need help, too, dammit"
It has set my mind buzzing about how many ‘hypothetical development’ stories abound in Peterborough where I live, and how not only should we be putting up hypothetical development boards, why not clad the buildings in boards to look as if they have been developed.
She's not into it the look any longer, but I was in love with French Neo-classical and wanted to change the color -- but not the patina.
Somebody told me everything will be alright
Low carb diets have been around for a long time, but the ‘carbs are bad’ phenomena seems to have reached a critical mass – a tipping point – in the last few years, and nowadays even people who aren’t trying to lose weight tend to associate eating carbs with failure and almost certain weight problems.
We decided to learn the basics in order to help us communicate with some of the pupils who use our centre on a regular basis, and we all have to admit we’re really enjoying the classes. If you’re lucky you may get the odd video on the blog with our ‘Word of the Week’, that is if anyone will vounteer to be filmed.
At first, the attitude that Elvis – and pretty much all the 50′s rock n roll performers – weren’t artists is because their audience was largely teenaged girls. Certainly nothing of importance to teenage girls is going to be deemed art.
The response of the Israeli military to the protests has been especially brutal and includes regularly laying complete siege on village every Friday, accompanied by the declaration of the entire village, including the built up area, as a closed military zone. Prior and during the demonstrations themselves, the army often completely occupies the village, in effect enforcing an undeclared curfew. Military nighttime raids and arrest operations are also a common tactic in the army’s strategy of intimidation, often targeting minors.
'With novels you can explore sub-plots – something you don’t have time for with short stories – and you can play with structure and point of view. With ‘Home for Christmas’ I was able to tell the story from the point of view of TWO main characters – one male, one female - and that was hugely enjoyable.
I have, however, been "chosen" to help with the paperwork to form the "Crossroads Wounded Warrior Archery Foundation". I think there was a vague promise that, if all the OTHER promises come to fruition, I could have a new career in my future.
The issue of Palestine is central to the Muslim ummah and now that the masses have spoken, there is no doubt that it will be back to the forefront.
My work today will be to frame them, and then they'll be ready to hang!!
But I don’t care, because I love the way it feels to be dancing.
To me this is shocking, but sadly puts the damage that two lost decades really does into some sort of perspective.
Whether actively pursuing to avoid, with all of one’s might, something which someone longs to do, will qualify as action or non-action?
We both realize right away why that is
It's going to be hot. It's Mothers Day. And I don't have to cook.
In the late 1960s, with the drink gaining popularity and Cacolac being distributed to cafés and bars throughout France, the dairy changed its name to la Société Fermière des Produits Cacolac. From the 1970s onwards, the drink was also available in supermarkets (and today 70% of production is sold in shops). By the 1980s it had become a firm favourite with children in France as a snack-time treat and, in the mid 1990s, Cacolac's profile was given a further unexpected boost by the satirical puppet show Les Guignols de l’Info on TV channel Canal+, where the latex version of footballer Jean-Pierre Papin would regularly extol the virtues of the drink!
Do I have to be cocky or flamboyant this time
But no-one has yet explained to Mr Muszynski how such a astonishing error could have been made.
This is what I did ....
"I just hope they don't mistake me for him," said Steve. "Mmm-hmm. Sure, honey."
yeah, we could. we could live with anything, because we look petite and fragile but underneath it all we all have scars from the battles we’ve fought, we’ve had to deal with bullshit left right center, and we’ve come through broken but in one piece.
"For this is what your folk would call magic, I believe; though I do not understand clearly what they mean; and they seem to use the same word for the deceits of the Enemy. But this, if you will, is the magic of Galadriel. Did you not say that you wished to see Elf-magic?"
In the clearing stands a boxer, and a fighter by his trade
As a lot of you know by now, my debut novel Remembrance was inspired by Taylor Swift's "Love Story" music video. I talked all about it in a blog entry a few months ago, discussing how Remembrance was inspired by Taylor Swift's "Love Story" music video. I even wrote a letter to Taylor Swift and sent it to her, along with a signed book!
I arrived at the hostel to find out, for the second day in a row, that the hostel was no longer a hostel. I asked a gas station clerk if there was another one in town and he referred me to a cab driver, who told me no. I freaked out for a second, not quite willing to pay about $80 for a night in a city I didn’t want to be in. I settled on trying to catch a bus up to Doolin, the tiny town near the Cliffs of Moher that was supposed to be my next destination. I suspected there wouldn’t be any more buses that evening, but there was one at 7:15.
What if any publication other than New York Magazine and the Brooklyn Papers showed a graphic of the project in neighborhood context? What if any newspaper tried to calculate the total subsidies for the project? What if any publication tried to confirm New York Magazine’s estimate of the developer’s billion-dollar profit?
After they’re done having their ‘sit-down’, as Party Time likes to call it Mafioso-like, we all sit down to watch the Royal Wedding. Luckily we tuned in at just the right time, just as the bony pony Kate emerged from her lovely posh hotel in her nice frock.
The world always looks brighter from behind a smile. ~Author Unknown
I intend to go back to school, but it's expensive, and it's difficult for me to work and attend school to any success.
I called the hospital about 9 o'clock this morning to see how Shaun was doing (not able to visit til 11am....rules!!) I was told that he was doing ok and had eaten a little breakfast. Our son, Tristan who had returned from Sydney dropped in & then took me up to the hospital while the others stayed to do some stuff around home, including taking the dog who had been most diestressed at being alone so much, over to friends. We met his wife at the hospital and headed up to see Shaun. Although being somewhat uncomfortable, he seemed ok, still not really with it, but much improved.
I have always been near a healthy-ish weight never quite there though. Tending towards being more overweight than normal but not obese except when I was in first year University and discovered I had a moderate lactose intolerance. I don’t get the really nasty side effects but I bloat, feel uncomfortable and generally regret eating the ice cream later. I gave it up and immediately dropped the few extra kilos and went down a dress size. However, I have continued to remain overweight without any real success. I don’t really like exercise (though as David says in the book, I didn’t exercise because I was fat not the other way around) but I do enjoy it, most of the time, once I get out there. My one vice has always been sweets. I never go without chocolate and will go to the shops to buy it if I have a strong enough craving. I love soft drink and again will search far and wide till I get it. I knew that highly processed, trans fats are bad for you but what I was about to discover nearly blew me away.
I get it there in mostly a straight line and then we do pick ups, 120 degree pedal turns and let downs for 45 minutes. All while trying to stay inside this 15ft. circle. He basically made me stay on the controls alone the entire time.
I like Tom and I like Ann but I do not like Tann. I thought we were severely lacking in Ben this week but a little extra dose of wisdom from Ron is always welcome. I did love the part where Ron asked Donna if the two dozen eggs were all they had. Mr. Swanson does love some breakfast food. What did you think? Give me all the comments and bacon you have.
7:15 Will someone please teach Nancy Pelosi how to speak in public? No wait…don’t. Just tell her to go away. How ironic is it that she’s Speaker of the House? She’s the anti-Obama.
I felt sure that this part of the temple grounds was not part of the usual tour, and I could not imagine why I was being brought here.
I'd start with a new desk that has a flat work surface, bring in better lighting, utilize the shelves (and subsequent double closet!) with organized supplies grouped by their purpose. A fun rug and comfy chair would make it 'me.' I'm fortunate to have some square footage to convert, hopefully a Home Goods gift card will help get me there! I think part of the prize is Kate, Layla and Rhoda (the supermodel judges) come to your house to drink wine help you!!? (update: apparently I made this last part up?!)
Has it all been bad? For myself, this has been the first decade I spent as an orphan, and yet it was the first I spent entirely as a wife and mother, for it was only in the final years of the previous decade that I was either. Personally it was ten years which brought me unbearable grief, but also great joy. Yet I don't think my country felt much joy.
And I lead you all, wherever you may be
It also scolds me for not knowing my exact blood pressure, which is apparently really really bad because OMG everyone has high blood pressure now! Except I’ve had low blood pressure my entire life. Another scolding for not knowing my exact cholesterol numbers…and then it helpfully lets me know that I’m consuming about half the recommended cholesterol limit a day. Um, think maybe we could connect the dots here? Again, it’s been a while and I don’t know my exact numbers, but they’re low and always have been.
Someone with experience in something that resembles this project.
A) Called my husband and cried or
Young dogs with hip dysplasia appear to bunny hop or swivel their hips. Older dogs might start to show lameness after exercise. Some affected dogs have a hard time getting up, and others have difficulty on stairs.
17th to 28th January, Crows Nest Centre, 2 Ernest Place
Our relationship showed me that I have the capacity to love and love deeply. It’s not that I haven’t loved before, but keeping someone at arms distance to save myself from future heartbreak was the way I operated. I wasn’t as open to let guys know how I felt about them. I didn’t let myself love someone – body, mind and soul – so completely.
Rice Flour, 2 table spoons
Get Messy
Our house has been hit by a virus this week. I was the last to get it (assuming, fingers crossed, that the baby is spared). That means that just as the Bibliophile regained his energy, I started losing mine to a diet of clear liquids. To beat the stir-crazies from being housebound for days, I broke out an easy favorite - the scavenger hunt. We've used these in the past for reinforcing educational concepts like colors, alphabet, shapes, etc. but these ones were just a hodgepodge for fun.
As I say, it's good that men are trying to be nicer guys, and I'm sure The Good Men Project do a lot of worthy things, but...if you have to actually declare yourself to be a nice, sensitive guy, it's probably because you're not sufficiently coming across that way with your actions. That's really the kind of stuff other people are supposed to say about you, rather than something you announce yourself.
Wes: Thank you to SanJAsKa for your Guidance.
To decorate the whales, I first outlined them with stiff blue royal icing, and then filled them in with runny blue royal icing. After letting them dry overnight, I outlined them again with stuff blue royal icing, and then added an eye with stuff black royal icing. At that point I thought that I was done with the whales, but still something seemed to be missing. Ah, the fin! So I also piped on a little fin on each whale.
Colleen answered, "The funeral was £6,500. I donated £500 to church.
Here, journalists Brady and Owen get it completely wrong, reporting that an emergency review of the Snatch vehicles was not announced until 2008 – "after a tide of protests from the families of service personnel who had been killed or suffered horrific injuries in a series of IED attacks in Afghanistan".
double take when I looked at him and all I could
9: Tetons
The body fell unceremoniously onto the road.
Having been a real Professional myself for many years, even had supervised many of them too, dealt with many crooked contractors now too as a projects manager, now you really should know by now I do not think that any of your so called professionals are invincible, unaccountable gods who do not give an account to any one for their actions, including the citizens, courts and also the medical professional insurance agents.. and all justice is not in the courts or in the regulating societies now too. For months I write to LGH and next I get nothing? this is acceptable? Dream on!!!
Jam 5:15,16 And the prayer of faith shall save the sick, and the Lord shall raise Him up. And if he has committed sins, they shall be forgiven him. Confess your faults one to one another, and pray for one another, that you may be healed. The effectual, fervent prayer of a righteous man avails much.
Modern Haiku, Winter 2012
Favorite Animal
Shattered ambitions, broken dreams, all had ended so it seemed.
Marvelous Russian authors are noted for their very real portrayals of the lives of their fellow citizens. Alexander Pushkin, Fyodor Dostoyevsky, and Leo Tolstoy are among the nation’s best-known writers. Stage plays by Anton Chekhov are gripping and true-to-life. Writer Alexsandr Solzhenitsyn won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1970 for describing his life in a prison camp twenty years earlier. He had protested against the Communist system and was sent to Siberia for his beliefs.
A few minutes and $3.02 later, I had the bag in my hands and rushed home to eat it. I opened the bag and pulled out the box. The words “Tangy Temptation” seemed to mock me from the cover. I had a feeling this was going to be neither. Inside, the sandwich actually doesn’t look horrible. But as soon as I opened the box, I didn’t smell barbecue sauce, instead, I was overwhelmed with the smell of pickles. I like pickles. *pause* So I continued.
some turn back to wait the winter in Stinkwater,
Back home, its coming
Stop, she warned me, holding up her hand. She had seen something. A thick gunshot rang out from across the street, and a shell rocketed toward her in slow motion, leaving behind a trail of fire itas it landed in her body, embedding in her coat, knocking her off the roof. I covered my eyes but I had already heard it, the soft thud that snuffed out her life. The sucking sound of her dying breath roared in my ears, louder than the deafening artillery fire, filling me with dread and sickness. Just like that, she was gone. A soldier was coming through the window behind me. I fell down to play dead, but it was too late. Before I could surrender to him, I remembered I could escape. I placed a gun to my head and pulled the trigger.
MH: What caught me when I first saw Bitter Seeds was the beautiful, yet austere cover art by John Jude Palencar. Do you think his depiction of Gretal is accurate to what you envisioned? Did you have a hand at all in the cover's evolution?
There isn't a day that goes by that I don't get a "WTF???" reaction when I read the news. This isn't where I grew up. This isn't the country I knew as a kid. This isn't even the planet I grew up on.
Meant to be or not meant to be . . . that is the question.
I should have been able to tell, the clues were there, the pint of Guinness in one hand, the pig under the other arm, and that he wanted to power-wash the drive.
General Najiya: Thank you, your highness.
On Monday August 01, 2011, the Yemen Post reported that two U.S. drone attacks in the village of Al-Khamila outside Zinjibar, the capital of Abyan Province in southern Yemen, killed 15 people and more than a dozen people were injured in the attacks. It alleges that the attacks were coordinated with the Yemeni dictatorship regime (propped-up by the U.S.) which is facing mounting pressure from the anti-imperialist opposition. “At least 35 U.S drone attacks were reported in Yemen over the last two months”, added the Yemen Post.
For the waist band, I opted to just sew a wide elastic band to the top. There are tons of tutorials out there for different waist bands and how to attach them, so I'll go ahead and just let you google and use whatever method you prefer.
SEMI PRECIOUS WEAPONS
6. And if you could be in any movie, which one and with whom?
A burly pair of orcs straggled behind the rest. They kept an eye ahead and glanced from side to side. Their job, to spot some little goblin-rat who'd slipped the net and sought to hide unnoticed till the warparty had moved past. They were vigilant and alert, but did not look behind and never saw the arrows whose flight ended in their deaths. Their heavy packs and shields protected them from behind so Arawn had to come abreast but held slightly back and sent first one and then another shaft into the orc’s unprotected side. It gave a gulp of pain but did not scream and then collapsed. Its partner did the same, two arrows sticking from it, one in its side the other through its neck.
But, for some reason, some of the cast got it in their head that I didn’t actually care about the show, and that I just wanted to make myself look good, and they don’t think I’ve actually done any work.
Rapp's most important and most moving paragraph was her final one:
And it was. In fact, I think the Salango just knocked my all time favorite Fleur de Cocoa dessert, the Marion, into second place!
So, with 10 solid years under our belt, the beginnings of baby mode, and the fact that I wasn’t getting any younger, it was time to plan a wedding.
Even though it is a very simple change, and may not appear to make a difference in our hectic lives, it is obvious that our kids look forward to knowing what we are eating and doing at least one night out of the week.
One of the earliest known photographs of a "Staten Island Steamboat", taken in 1858 and about to chug by Castle William on Governor's Island, one of "Anthony's Instantaneous Views" from the George Eastman House archive.
Transfer to a bowl and immediately press a piece of greased plastic wrap over the top of the cream to prevent a “skin” from forming.
Alan Colmes then said:
I am also super sad that I had to cut a big chunk of hair off. (Pictures were taken before hair cut.) It was finally close to boob-length, but now it’s back to a-little-over-the-shoulder-length. It was necessary and I’d rather have shorter hair that looks healthy, than super long hair that looks dry and damaged. But. BUT. I just want super long , healthy hair already! Me and my hair will never be friends.
At present, the two senior EU bureaucrats, Mr Barroso and Mr Van Rompuy, are locked in a bitter power struggle to determine who is the true big cheese or “grand fromage” in Europe. Former Portuguese premier Mr Barroso, who heads the EU’s executive arm and was elected to his post by members of the European Union, is understood to resent the rival fiefdom of Belgian Mr Van Rompuy, who was chosen by the heads of ­government of EU member states to represent them.
The ACWS is being contested in 45-foot catamarans with high-tech wings as mainsails. The Louis Vuitton Cup and America’s Cup match will be sailed in 72-foot cats.
that are the stars of the card line.
Obviously “agree” in quotations as what other choice do they have but to accept the wage being offered. They could say
Excellent win for Boston.
Education and Youth
Cry Of the Children
The second course of marinated yellow fin tuna is just as pretty. Cubes of Earl Grey jelly are almost microscopic in size, dotted on a plate with ribbons of celeriac and two delicate slices of abalone ham, made by cooking the abalone sous vide with vermouth.
Public Protector Thuli Madonsela found Cele guilty of improper conduct and maladministration, when police authorised a R500m lease for the Sanlam Middestad building, in Pretoria.
Sheila Sanderson’s collection of poems, Keeping Even, unites two sides of the country that reside within one poet: Her upbringing in Kentucky and her life now in Arizona. Add to the two different landscapes the happenings of family and tragedy, wonder and memories and you have a collection that makes you yearn to solve your own life’s dichotomies. Sheila Sanderson’s poems have appeared places such as Alaska Quarterly Review, Atlanta Review, Cimarron Review, and more. Ms. Sanderson teaches American and World Literature courses and poetry workshops at Prescott College in Prescott, Arizona. Below I am happy to share a few poems:
a pipedream. For what is going to tear down the cities, if not the wild
This referendum is likely to cost the country about €4m to run. That’s one tenth of the €40m that was repaid on Friday last to unsecured unguaranteed bondholders at what was Anglo Irish Bank, a completely bust bank without branches, deposits which doesn’t transact new business. We could run ten referenda for the same cost. On 31st May I hope you will consider voting “no” but even if the “yes” arguments persuade you, we will still have a www.stabilitytreaty.ie website in 2013, we will still have the same 10-page text of the Fiscal Compact, we will still have the opportunity to say yes and buy the insurance policy if and when we need it.
Tonight, I was inspired by a particularly nasty fall I had today. Here’s what came out:
I really want to get things moving with the 'Dress a Girl' project. I need to find more ways of getting the dresses to where they are needed. I'm going to try and gets lots more publicity. I want to run some workshops, get more schools involved and get Kirsty Allsop to make a dress!! I did make one of the bird feeders from her new book so its only fair!!
Over the past few weeks, I've started to see this little journey differently. Yes, it's nice to make bread and be accomplished. But what can I do with this little gift? It started by just running a warm loaf over to the neighbors across the street. Then a neighbor had surgery and luckily I had a loaf of bread to take her. Then a friend had a baby and I didn't even have to make bread. I took her muffins made from the starter. Yesterday, I carried around blueberry muffins knowing they had a purpose, but not quite sure what to do. Then I saw a sweet lady in her yard whose husband is very sick. I had a reason to stop, I needed to give her these muffins!
But wait: that may all be about to change! In an effort to 'stimulate the economy' during the Olympics and Paralympics, the Chancellor (think, 'UK Treasurer') is apparently soon to announce that they will suspend Business Trading Hours rules on Sundays and allow shops to stay open for more than 6 hours. Oh, and this is supposed to be a 'test' to see if the Trading Hours rules shouldn't be permanently suspended.
Yet as big a thing as unschooling is in our lives, sometimes I think it isn’t apparent to others just how very many choices we’re making differently in our day-to-day lives. Not only does the unschooled child answer with a shrug and a “why on earth should I know that??” look when asked what grade they’re in, the unschooled parent winces when they hear a parent, as so often happens, threaten to leave their child (who is very much enjoying themselves sitting on the plastic pony in the mall) behind if they don’t come right now! The unschooled parent likely doesn’t understand how parents can scold their children for getting dirty, or rejoice at the beginning of each school year, or if they do understand, they shake their head sadly at their memories of a less enlightened time.
Level 20: MP Cost: 40, Duration: 180 seconds, Defense: +100%, Abnormal Status Resistance: +60%, Elemental Resistance: +60%.
Person: You do know your oven is electric, right?
Since I can't get the little girls to stand still for a picture figured I would just take a still shot of one of the dresses I made them this week. Took less than an hour to make one up, now that's my kind of sewing!! And no cost involved, just pulled from my stash.
Galactic News Network received a press release from the Sith Empire.
She typically requests one full for every ten partials (0.8 %), and considers offering representation on one out of 15 full manuscripts (.053 %). I have to add that she is a voracious reader, and passes that benefit along to the authors that query her: her request rate is higher than average, and her response time is lower!
And before I dive in again in the tons of informations and numbers, waiting on my work-desk, here is my card. I used the Flowers-Pearls-3 Different Papers and the image is Sweet Smell. Isn't it the cutest piggy ever?!
I laughed and said no way. I didn't want him to get hurt under my watch. His mom would kill me, for one, and not my ex. I didn't need the drama. So my ex said he would drive while his brother skated behind us. I was practically chewing my fingernails off in nervousness because I didn't want to spend the night in the hospital because his brother had bashed open his head while pulling some stupid stunt.
Both psychopaths and narcissists, unfortunately, come across as self-absorbed, arrogant
A long lunch at the Hotel Costes on the rue du Faubourg Saint Honoré kicked off our birthday extravaganza... the decor is fabulous, the food is girly good and the people watching the best... It's not fine dining but the atmosphere is buzzy and the champagne chilled... Ambience was what I was after... relaxed and casual... We wanted to laugh and reminisce... be comfortable and spend time... We did... Location wise... it's a winner. Out the door and you are minutes away from some of the best shopping in Paris... A quick browse in Colette, a candle from Astier de Villatte and steps away from the Palais Royal...Our destination was the Shiseido Serge Lutens boutique and a flacon of 'fleur d'oranger'... a much loved scent for the three of us...
Schuster V, Janssen W, Seidenspinner S, Kreth HW. Congenital Epstein-Barr virus infection. Monatsschr Kinderheilkd 1993; 141: 401-404.
Why? Because tucked into my attache case (yes - I use an attache case with combination locks, because I'm fucking 80s tremendous) was a print job containing not one errant double space, BUT TWO!
Long-time Family Radio Network preacher Harold Camping had dogmatically and adamantly proclaimed that May 21, 2011 would be Judgment Day, when all chance of salvation would end. At 6 PM on that date, a gigantic earthquake—or a “rolling sequence” of earthquakes, starting at the International Dateline in the South Pacific and moving across the world’s time zones hour by hour—would devastate the whole Earth. As the earthquakes progressed, the true Christians from throughout history would be resurrected from the dead, and together with the true Christians of the present would be “raptured” to Heaven. (The estimate was that about 200 million would thus be “saved” out of all the billions who have ever lived.) This would be followed by a five month period of chaos and calamity on the Earth, during which those left on Earth would wish they could die—but wouldn’t be able to. On October 21, the whole Earth and “the heavens” would be destroyed and all Humankind totally annihilated.
While not a devout believer in supernatural phenomenon, Philips has acquired a small bit of occult knowledge and does not discount the odd tale or eyewitness account that he encounters in his research. He won’t volunteer the stories he knows, but if others express interest in hearing such tales, he gladly fulfills their desires. The following are but a sample of the legends and weird stories that Philips can share with investigators pursing such knowledge. Each will be expended on in later articles, and the game master is free to use them as starting points for campaigns set in the ‘Wyck or substitute his own.
2. Danger prod by Supa Koopa 805
My ex-husband, the lawyer, saved this landmark
Indeed, Bournemouth has a varied community of people. Albeit a student-dominated town, it would seem that a nationwide-famous, city-hopping vintage fair draws in a diverse crowd from this stretch of the south coast.
Chips………. and salsa
Began the month with a quick trip down to Tasmania with the family and had the bestest time ever and visited three breweries and drank some very nice beer thank you very much and I am in the process of writing a bit about all of them and I will post them all soon and the kids had a ball and we fed the kookaburras every day and saw lots of interesting things and then came back to a two day course and a fully booked function the first night back at the restaurant and a full restaurant the other night and then the next week the restaurant appeared on national TV and then the phone started running off the hook with regulars wishing us well and new comers wanting to make bookings and every night we had to chat to everyone about how we went and how did it work and what was he celebrity chef like and did you think you would win and then each kid seemed to have a friend’s birthday party or school function or kinder commitment then another training course and then I looked at the calendar and our next free night was in the middle of next month and we are preparing for some nasty storm activity across the state and I get called into the Emergency Communications Centre to assist the media department at the same time that the pager starts beeping its head off and then two more meetings and ....
""Although unfortunate, her injuries were caused by her own erratic behavior and her failure to comply with lawful, reasonable and standard instructions for persons under arrest," said Willis' attorney Eron Brainard in a statement to ABC News."
I don't think about such things. I just try to have everything as simple as possible, I hate to complicate things. If my music ever gets innovating that's just a great thing. I don't care though. I'm happy about the 50 people who bought my album already in Iceland. The music will probably never get big in any way.
So, if you haven't tried Twitter, as you can see, there are lots of good reasons why you should. Don't know who to follow? Well, Twitter gives the capability to create lists, and as a professional list maker I just have to list everyone! Here are some of my lists that are good starting points for children's book writers and illustrators:
as audible blessings descend
So since I'm an ego-maniacal ego maniac with a big ego, here's what's going to happen. I'm going to ramble on for about 4,000 words of absolutely nothing and you guys are going to ooh and ahh and tell me I'm funny and brilliant and the best writer Evah! And if you really can't do that because this is so egregious you may comment on how pretty and shiny my hair is.
If you want to understand what Israelis and most Diaspora Jews think about the threats made against Israel, ask any Holocaust survivor. They will tell you, “When somebody says they want to kill you, you should believe them.”
I’m still in a rush today but I took time to check my inbox and, lo and behold, I discover that somebody has actually sent me a photo of themselves wearing my mask! There are only a few problems I have with the photo, given my strict rules about adult-rated material. So, "Mr. J.", whoever you are, I thank you for the effort but ask that you keep your mobile phone snaps to yourself in future.
Moreover, as Cavanagh and others have also observed, not only have funding bodies become less enamored with projects that solely digitize documents in favor of those that offer more cutting-edge technology, but grant bestowers have also favored the funding of start-up projects as opposed to supporting the further development and maintenance of these projects. To be fair, the latter tendency is showing some signs of change as evidenced by grants such as the NEH Digital Implementation Grant “that seeks to identify projects that have successfully completed their start-up phase.”
Project Pay Day does offer a legitimate way to earn a few bucks if your interested in spending time promoting online. But, if your the kind of person that is interested in earning a significant income online and not just a few extra bucks there are plenty of other legitimate opportunities to look into. If your going to spend time promoting online anyway, as is the case with Project Pay Day, why not do it promoting something that can offer you a significant residual income and time freedom once you have put it in place.
rented a rear tine tiller to till the grassed area where the garden now sits.
white shower board- cut the same size as plywood
die cut oval and snowflake 2 angel cut outs glittered and placed on pop dots
Enter the amazing Nate.
That's true with the kids too, of course. They are also human, with foibles and preferences and habits and their own varying capacity for daily accomplishment. Living with them involves some daily adjustment of my expectations and my attitude. But I don't look at, for instance, Chloe's foibles and preferences and habits and accomplishments and think, "She sucks." I don't think, "There she goes again, being imperfect." And I don't qualify "human" with "ridiculously" when I talk about her humanness. Only my humanness is ridiculous in degree.
Before I know it, it’s going to be mid-summer and I’m going to be tackling the Warrior Dash. It has kind of been pushed to the back of my mind, but once I move, exercise is going to be a priority again. I’ll keep you posted.
Just think, you've wanted to read Atonement for sometime, and now you have to. See how good that is?
As I accept this award I must first note the rules... (This goes for all who receive this award as well.) You must thank the person who awarded you by linking back to their post; you have to say 7 things about yourself (let's assume they should be interesting); and, last but certainly not least, you have to pass the award down to 15 other new or newly discovered by me blogs.
Spoetzl Brewery Shiner 101 Czech Style Pilsner
In the fall, my oldest will became an East Carolina University Pirate...that makes this Mama VERY proud and so excited for him and the opportunities this will bring him. And the bonus? Last Friday, I fell in love with the mail all over again...until that first tuition bill comes...Yikes!
17 Ivor Cutler - I Believe in Bugs
In medical school I (briefly) joined a local singles group.
Very simple layout but oodles of character I think. For even more exciting projects, don't forget to check out the other amazing ladies!
My dad loved her! Pictures will follow.
Obviously Jesus did not return, but thousands of Americans who had quit their fields and jobs as virtuous acts of faith were shattered. Perhaps Miller and Camping were to beholden to the belief that the Bible is infallible to extricate themselves from the devastation of their lives. As I predicted in the May 21, 2011 P:S-H blog , Camping claimed that the apocalypse did indeed occur “on a spiritual” level.*
Apparently this cake will store well in an airtight tin. (It just didn't get the chance!)
Cabbage!
In the Collective, blood is the price for peace. For seventeen year old Macie, blood is nothing but trouble as she discovers there are those within the government who would kill to possess hers.
May 8th and 9th: No diet at all. Had friends over week end, was busy from Friday to Sunday. So no proper diet and sleep. Had a blast with friends.
Back on topic, what are the prospects for Ayalon's idea of disposing of Israeli Arabs? Not very bright indeed. The Arabs, plus the Ashkenazim who like to defend the fiction that Israel holds the moral high ground on blogs, constitute a solid majority that prevents (for the time being, at least) the project from bearing fruit. But if the project can't succeed, why does he wave it in the air?
He still vividly recalls his own first terrifying visit to the dentist at age five. “I was taken to this building, led upstairs where this man dressed from head to toe in white picked me up, put me in a chair, shoved a mask on my face and the next thing I remember was waking up with a mouth full of blood.”
All submissions must be your own original work.
Tomorrow, April 26th, I will be demoing from 10 until 6pm downstairs at the U of O Bookstore, Main Campus Location for their "Proudly Oregon" event. Come see Ken O'Connell, as well as many other local artists, authors, and companies that are based in Oregon. Enter to win doorprizes, watch artists, and get autographed books. Don't Miss it!
And if we’re talking about mobile, why has the TTC not come out with their very own App? There are a few apps about the TTC, but none (as I can tell) are from the TTC.
M A S K S
12.man in a long coat
“He’s with a patient at the moment, is there something that I can help you with?”
Christmas trees, menorahs, Rudolph's nose, Ganesh's eyes...you get the drift.
Fun eh?
Underground Doctrine.
* Create a place and space where working relationships can strive, thrive and develop
26. So many wonderful hugs and kisses.
Samuel Adams Light was deemed the healthiest of them all. Full details are available, but for those with short attention spans here's the list of 14 itself:
A camera crew was sent out to the field to catch video of the object and they were successful.
And this one squash concoction show with confidence the versatility of this incredible veggie: that you can make a wholesome dinengdeng by combining one and/or all of its flower, tops, leaves, tendrils, stalks--young and tender ones, of course--and fruit, into one complete sumptuous Ilokano delicacy.
This follows the decision of UNITE's National Sector Committee for Health also to call national action on that date (http://www.unitetheunion.org/news__events/latest_news/health_workers_to_step_up_pens.aspx) and is likely to lead to similar decisions from other unions.
It had been a while since she had taught a child how to make love.
On the non-library side, I received a copy of Paris My Sweet: A Year in the City of Light (and Dark Chocolate) by Amy Thomas a couple of days ago. Sourcebooks offered to send this one, and after reading the sample chapters, I was hooked! I accepted another foodie, travel memoir from them last year: Tout Sweet by Karen Wheeler. I loved that one, so I have really high hopes. This looks like just the thing for a fun, bookish getaway. Also, I'll be singing the praises for Sourcebooks in the near future. In my experience, they are a model for how publishers should interact with freelance book reviewers and bloggers. Hurrah!
Most animes have to go through the mysterious process known as the “beach/pool” episode where fanservice is mostly a given. Aquarion Evol was not an exception, but what I do have to say is that the feelings that came out of the episode was mostly…odd, in a sense: the symbolism of a banana and how it is related to the beginning of time. Is the meaning of the banana supposed to be important in regards to what the future holds for our ten (or more) heroes, or will it only happen in this episode?
They were sitting in the Hole, an old rarely used trackside shed that was nested in the trees alongside the Wellowteme Spur. Tools of railway maintenance surrounded them. A pile of track pins in the corner by the door. Shovels, hammers. Only two trains a day used the route to Wellowteme, so the members of the Shatters were afforded all the privacy they needed.
It sounds time-consuming though it was actually really quick and so far has held up great. Whilst I imagine it will likely fade a little over time where the wheels roll it will probably look nicely worn rather than just plain chipped.
and touch your
Iván Meade - Does your Israeli heritage have any impact on your designs/design style? If so, what elements have inspired you, and how have they parlayed into your work?
In search of the paperback fiction, I followed the back wall and stumbled across the shelf you see pictured here. It's a rack containing self published novels and chapbooks, held under consignment. *hello sweetheart.* The moment I saw that rack, this bookshop won my heart. Sadly, as I browsed the rack, I found that most of what was there was not to my taste and, those that were, were waaaay overpriced. But that doesn't lessen the coolness factor one bit!
Many friends and clients have asked me about The Paleo Diet, and what I think about this approach to food. I have been able to answer them in a limited fashion, based on what I have read about it and what I have experienced second-hand from other folks on this diet. I wanted to get a deeper understanding of what, exactly, it meant to “go Paleo” and learn more about how it would affect my body. Another reason I decided to try the Paleo diet is because it was Lent time and I needed a challenge that would not be detrimental to my health/wellness/fitness, as well as something that I might decide to stick with even after Easter Sunday. Going Paleo seemed like a great idea, so I started my research and as of Ash Wednesday (nearly two weeks ago), I have been Paleo.
582 D-II/17/1969. “Greece Today: Where Can One Begin?” St. John’s College, Annapolis, Maryland.
Elements of the much loved Beer Blokes Beer Dinners will be included such as the Prof Pilsner’s Beer Trivia Quiz and BEERducation but a couple of surprises are also planned. After all, it IS Good Beer Week and this dinner needs to set the bar high for those who follow. What is assured is that those present will come away with a greater understanding of, and love for, the amber nectar. And the black gold. And the golden liquid. And the bronze beverage.
2. If our country’s financial status is so precarious — and it is — then perhaps the Left should be taking the whole “spend less / borrow less” themes more seriously. Obama’s threat that we’re that low on funds is more proof that we need to do something significant about our finances.
PS - Sorry to all regular comment providers, the 'moderating comments' setting will remain for the time being. Do please stick with it.
Colourful portrayal of Empress Matilda and Adeliza of Louvain, against the background of the Anarchy in twelfth-century England.
We spend the morning around the hotel and on the way town to the coast. The bird concert after dawn was beautiful with all these Orioles, Common Redstarts, Green Warblers, two Wrynecks and many others. In the river valley we got again nice views on Eastern Black-eared and Pied Wheatears, Ortolan, Tawny Pipit and Woodlark.
We got so busy keeping up the yard I didn’t even think about food. I wasn’t even hungry.
Can't wait to try them!
WOW!! When you think that passage through, it is easy to see that most of us probably fall short in a lot of areas. But, now that you know….WHATEVER you do today….at home, at work, at play, at school, on the way or in between….do ALL in the name of (representing) Jesus Christ. When you do, it will reflect WHO you belong to and it will draw others to Him.
Sit in that six-lane backed up traffic
I think for the less experienced authors, publishing for the first or second time, they may feel that Xlibris fills their needs. I cannot help feeling that the experienced POD author who likes to get involved with the real nuts and bolts of ‘self-publishing’ would choose a different publishing service provider.
Maybe, if I can pull it together, we will have a little giveaway this weekend to celebrate the official first birthday...maybe...we'll see..
Enjoy as I enjoyed, my dear cat friends. The worst is over soon. As Brian Hamilton would say, we’re just braving the rain now.
He kneels down and sets a log against another like a tee-pee. Leaves start to crackle and a little smoldering of smoke rises slowly, carefully.
Names: Felip Curry, Timmy L. Gifford
2. Retroactive Application of More Punitive Transfer Penalty Rules
Collingridge was a great light for thousands of victims of severe ME whose lives pass in almost total darkness. It is essential that her tragedy is not overlooked. We must all understand that the cause she championed in life – the urgent need for proper recognition of, and research into, ME – is made even more urgent by her death.
It about took my breath away.
The outer one, not so much.
5) Go to bed with a clean kitchen. CHECK! I have not missed one day! Even last night My husband tempted me to leave it. I did not and he helped me clean it!!!
Day 4: Herman is hungry. Give him the following:-
As a child, I loved to visit my grandfather at Newport. My grandmother died before my mother married. Mother was their only daughter and they had a son, Uncle Elias Collins. Later my grandfather remarried. I knew and liked my step-grandmother. My father's parents died before I was born, so I didn't know them. Grandfather Collins would often come up to my parents' home to visit. He always brought me something, a doll, a cap, or candy. He gave me so many little things I appreciated very much. Of course I was his first grandchild, so I got all the attention. When I got older I used to go to Newport to visit Grandfather. I loved his house. There was something special about it that still brings back good memories that I shall never forget. Uncle Elias Collins married Aunt Jane. They had a family and all lived at Grandfather's house. I can still picture my grandmother putting her white flour-bag tablecloth on the table and her beautiful homemade bread. With roasted cod and homemade jam, it would sharpen the appetite of any child. Pancake Day, the beginning of Lent, was a day we looked forward to. We knew what we would have for dinner that day. When we got home from school there would be a large plate of pancakes on the table. Each one had something inside it, such as a ring, a button, or straw. Each was supposed to mean something. The child who got the ring was going to be married first, the button meant a seamstress, the straw a good housekeeper, the nail a good carpenter. I must have gotten the nail! The person who got the nickel was supposed to get rich. We all wanted that one. The next day, Ash Wednesday, we went to church, morning and evening. We also went every Friday all through Lent. It was a solemn time when everyone was supposed to fast from something. There was no activity during that time, not even a marriage.
The weekend after 14 July, we went to Lille on the first part of our extended Grand Tour. (Later highlights will include Rome and Prague, amongst others.) We had an awesome time. The north of France has a bit of a bad reputation, so I wasn't expecting great things, but Lille is beautiful, friendly, accessible - I'd move there, if it weren't for the fact that I'd die of a heart attack within a week because all of the food is so, so calorie dense. High-calorie meals (beer-soaked bread with toasted cheese on top, surrounded by a cheese, cream and beer sauce, for example) probably made sense when everyone in the region was working in textile mills and the like. Not so much these days...
The music really grew on me over time and I've fallen in love with all of the songs. When Will My Life Begin is a fun song describing the many many things Rapunzel does in a day while she feels like she's really doing nothing in the bigger picture. The song is upbeat and fun, but with longing behind the happiness, just like Rapunzel. My other favorite song is I See the Light. It depicts the moments when Flynn and Rapunzel's relationship moves to more than friendship and feature the most beautiful moment in the film when the lanterns are released above them. The harmonies are beautiful and their feelings are completely believable.
"Now now now now now thats not the attitude I want from my happy little TEAM." Pipes Ted, "I want enthusiasm - you two need to say today I WILL find the perfect candidate."
Thank you all for the great cards that you made for the last challenge. Unfortunately not everybody followed the sketch. So we were forced to remove a few links from InLinkz. And we will do that in the future, but without letting you know before, as we did this time. And please link our blog in your post, in a way that others can find this blog too ;o) So please read the rules carefully. It would be a pitty if your card could not be in the prizedraw.
if you don't go down with me."
And for the love of jerkin' Jesus, why did they have to smear food on that guy's face?
Each and every time you have a fight
Another “mysterious” tea is one of their “exotic” selections… also being discontinued I think! (sad!!!) I make it for my husband every night before bed to help his insomnia. It’s called After Dark which has Egyptian Chamomile, rosehips, peppermint, and a host of other delicate herbs. Another tea I’ll have to stock up on while I can! There’s also an intense, smoky, high quality Puerh Yunnan, which is “a variety of post-fermented tea produced in Yunnan province of China.” And a recent addition is the Indian tisane Tulsi (Holy Basil), an herbal remedy used in Ayurvedic medicine for sore throats, coughs and a host of other complaints. I served some for my husband and myself recently without telling him the name of the tea and he exclaimed wistfully that it must be tulsi, a tea he drank when he lived in India as a Hindu monk when he was very young years ago.
As a fun project as an escape from the serious story-lines, I have recently begun a vampire comedy series of short stories put together as an anthology. The first short releases December 2012 and will have a total of five shorts releasing around holidays in 2013.
Ball 1 3/4 inches
“Ahhh,” the voice in Obadiah’s head sighed with something that resembled relief. “You are starting to remember!”
There was a problem with that, as in the fact that I didn’t need glasses. My eyes were a perfect 20/20. I had no idea what the hell that meant, but obviously it was a gauge for the clear bright eyes and the blind as a bat people, like my younger sister. She wore coke bottle glasses. She also had a lazy eye. She was screwed. We all could tell when she was getting tired, because that one eye would start drifting over to the middle. Well, it drifted that way anyways. Hey, little sister, you’re veering to the left.
Dec 3 – Home Minister Datuk Seri Hishammuddin Tun Hussein says the probe into the NFC would continue, regardless of the police’s preliminary findings that there were no elements of criminal breach of trust.
The fee for the workshop is 300 dollars. A deposit of 150 dollars secures your position in the class, this is a nonrefundable deposit. Please be certain you intend to come before you make this deposit. Please don't tell me you can't come and ask that I find someone else to take your place and refund your money.
03. Mark My Words
Final Thoughts: this movie will not disappoint. It is full of beautiful people in all the right roles (the boys are adorable and Katniss is a natural beauty). Rue and Prim are so sweet it is easy to see why Katniss must protect them, and the Careers are every bit as vicious as Collins describes them. The movie remains true to the story - there is nothing that distorts the plot and might offend die-hard fans.
Hugo (Martin Scorsese, 2011) - I won't say much here about Scorsese's unlikely stab at a 3D kids' movie — I'll be covering it in detail as part of an upcoming conversation with Jason Bellamy — except to say how surprised and delighted I was by it. It's an exuberant tribute to the director's love of cinema, made with a child's imagination and a fairy tale sensibility. Just a wonderful film, totally unlike anything Scorsese has done before, having more in common, in spirit, with his film-historical documentaries than his other fiction features.
It was not a final goodbye. Merely a see you later.
We had a monster of a birthday party, but I will post more on Jonah's birthday later. For now I wanted to update you on my mammogram. I did not mean to leave you in suspense or anything, I have just been so busy that I haven't managed time to post!
#3 - My Reiki Manual Arrived!!!
Are prices still falling? Yes, and the 1.9% monthly decline nationally in January 2012 is up from the 1.7% decline in December 2011 and 1.5% decline in November 2011 but in the same range as the 2.2% decline in October 2011, the 1.5% decline in September 2011 and the 1.6% decline in August 2011.
Disney's Polynesian Resort
A more uplifting, dare I say pop spirited, punk rock from the Swiss Army Banks of chocolate.
It was after I turned down the New York publisher’s offer that I contacted Bob Young, Lulu’s founder and CEO. Bob also started Red Hat, one of the first companies to prove that it was possible to make money with open-source software by providing services, and he’s been an ardent supporter of ensuring that what we call “intellectual property” involves as many choices as possible.
If you are not on my email list and would like to receive notices about other free sessions and my monthly newsletter then you can sign up through my website. www.QigongEnergyHealing.com
Chihayafuru: 85
When that day arrives that the first US GI kills the first American citizen on US Soil that will signal the end of the era that began with Kent State during the Viet Nam era that saw US National Guard troops shooting down unarmed students on campus.
realistic
The TV QUIZ Show
I have to admit that this situation appeals to my sense of the absurd, only not to my wallet, or my deeper sensibilities. The media puff around new authors does inject a little harmless sunshine into the lives of people who think “I could write a book”, briefly imagine doing so and becoming rich, then turn the page. But it’s not harmless to everyone. When Leo Hunter is old enough to understand about vanity publishing, he’s going to be an early entrant into a large company of very disappointed people.
Tonight we're having a great meal - stuff I've been waiting all week to cook, and dessert, and then...
I thought it would be fun to make a mock pair of glasses. I cut out a very retro pair from some of my wood grain paper and backed them with plastic from an old package I had laying around. I'm really pleased with them. Especially the gauze in the middle to add a little 'geek chic'.
Wednesday night, the Spurs wrapped-up their second B2B2B of the season vs. the Kings in Sacramento, but they would do it without Tim Duncan (resting). I'm a little surprised at this decision by Pop, but I'm also happy that he's allowing Tony & Manu to go. So rather than Timmy & Tiago, DeJuan Blair would reclaim his usual starting slot back, along with Boris Diaw. As one would expect out of a team who has been playing SO many games lately, we came out a little flat & lazy. But the defense was there, and the shots started to fall. As soon as Manu entered the game at about the 7 minute mark, his impact was instant. We would go from down-4 to up-1 during his 5 minutes on the floor, and it was a tight 29-28 game after 1-Q.
Looking good is very important for everyone as this helps one to have a good day or night as well as improve their self confidence to get the self-belief needed to go through various activities with ease. This applies to the clothes a person has as well as the accessories they have on. To check the time in style, one can get the funky watches that blend in well with any outfit one has. These come in unique designs to give one a classy, flirty and sassy look.
This is probably the best idea I have had in a long time. I will be celebrating by making a fire in the outdoor fireplace this evening and enjoying a cool dinner outside, maybe even some cider. :)
E-Mail:
The two had suffered quite a heart break
I'll admit that Barbie allotted me hours of fun, and it beat watching television- which was a big no no in my house. It was a chance to grow my imagination.
2 tsp salt (to taste)
JMRL’s other books by Jared Diamond:
It was a plane ticket and 3-day stay at a WONDERFUL spa/salon/resort called Newport Beachside. It’s down in Florida and was BEAUTIFUL! I’d never been to Florida before and I definitely want to go back soon! The weather was perfect, I don’t think I’ve ever had a more relaxing vacation. :)
"We make ourselves rich by making our wants few."
It is quite safe to say that every day is different around here.
Have you ever wondered?
As it turned out, I would be leaving with a bit of both.
Time for one last round of Gingersnapper Spirit before Gingersnap Creations transforms into a blogozine and moves to its new home at Unruly PaperArts!
I know we always been together,
the winner is
And because I have the right mindset.
Evening Telegraph - Saturday 07 January 1899, page 3.
Modeh Ani: A Good Morning Book by Sarah Gershman with illustrations by Kristina Swarner
Grate the ginger into a bowl – some will be used for the topping and the rest in the batter.
2) Every SNP council will continue to deliver the Small Business Bonus Scheme, which has now paid out over £400m in rates relief to small businesses, who can each save as much as £4260. Under the SNP, Scotland has the most generous rates relief package of anywhere in the UK. Since the SBBS was introduced, small businesses have delivered 40,000 new jobs.
we all piled into my SUV to take Michelle back to her car
Just a page in my art journal...
Gert here…All of these words are JW’s words or a copy-cat of words that Gert had said on this thread or elsewhere. The fact that I actually came on that thread to begin with pissed JW off and as per her usual MO she goes on the OFFENSE trying to discredit the birthsiblings. She can not accept any right and reasonable explanation that Ruth and Gert give about the use of the initals HO. This is JW speaking, not Pilgrim. JW only uses the words ‘twist truth’ and copies Gert’s words of ‘facts’ and ‘misrepresent’ and ‘family honor’ and ‘dungheap’. JW is not original nor clever enough to pull off that she is not IT; the very fact that Pilgrim is so angry and ready and willing to attack another, on line, in front of everyone, only PROVES that Pilgrim is HO who is Joan.
Kristen Speyer - Betty Crocker in disguise - Are you looking at my cupcakes?
We've mostly been busy with the puppy. Blakely is sleeping through the night (hooray house trained!). She's learned several commands already (sit, come, stay, relax, down, leave it, off). She's definitely a daddy's girl (big time). Tomorrow she will be 14 weeks, and I swear she grows every night. She weighed 24 lbs when she was last at the vet, which was about 3 weeks ago. I'm guessing she is easily 30 lbs now. Afraid to see how big this girl gets full grown! We are taking Miss Blakely Belle this weekend to meet my parents' chocolate lab, Sadie Caroline. I can't wait to see how my dad, the chocolate lab whisperer, is with Blakely. I'm sure he will make puppyhood seem so easy. :)
Today was the first day of this new regime and it's gone well, it was loving being out early with the dogs (well dog today, the other one wouldn't move from her basket, she is feeling the lethargy like me I think) but I'm sure it helped that the sun was shinning and it was a joy to be out.
- New York's disgusting pay phones will be replaced with touch-screen Internet kiosks capable of being cleaned with a jet hose. NY Magazine
At which point does white become gray?
It is set to become a vessel.
Please take note! Only for Iphone.
She's really into the Multiplication Rock videos, of course, since that was the first set she was exposed to. "Three is a Magic Number" is her favorite, but she also likes "Good Eleven" and "Naughty Number Nine." (My memory for items related to pop culture is disturbingly flawless, but there are some on the CD and the DVD set that I don't really remember, like "Lucky Seven Sampson" and "Little Twelvetoes." I mean, I sort of remember that they existed, but I don't remember the videos as clearly as some of the others, like "Figure Eight" and "Ready or Not, Here I Come.")
Perhaps it was a compliment. I was “doing three” so well, that I needed a challenge. At that moment, none of my children were climbing onto each others’ backs or pinching each other. None of them were screaming, and if I recall correctly, I wasn’t even holding any of their hands. They were just following me into the restaurant in an unplanned line of sorts. I don’t think I even
I have been reading on the following book:
FORT MADISON, Iowa — On the debate stage, Rep. Ron Paul often finds himself isolated from his rivals for the White House. All the major Republican candidates call for limited government, but Mr. Paul's platform is unique in saying that means scaling back drug laws and opposing aggressive action to rid Iran of its nuclear capabilities.
Support: Her protegées Little Mix turned out to support her
Let's just call it a cleansing of the Shallow End of the Gene Pool and leave it at that. Like when all those people committed suicide when Michael Jackson died.
Relan’s mission is to build a company that is focused on the education and communication of environmental and sustainable practices as it pertains to the repurposing of the over 600,000 tons of vinyl billboards and banner material produced each year. The majority of this material ends up in landfills across the country. Relan gives new life to these materials. We repurpose vinyl into usable products while helping companies communicate their sustainability mission to the world and building a revenue steam that supports the U.S. economy.
I don't tell you this story to belittle the NHS. I had both my children at the same hospital with no drama whatsoever.
In Australia, the weather is getting just a little bit cooler, it’s after Summer and it’s moving into Winter, so the in-between is Autumn. Back home in Scotland it’s moving from Winter into (Scottish) Summer, so effectively Spring.
Health and Nutrition: Sustainable farming practices, chemical free, healthy soil and plants.
Fine Crystal on a Budget
Ice hockey has captured the imagination of many people with a significant amount of youngsters wishing to take up the sport, however some are being prevented from doing so as Pryor explains: “We have got people on the waiting list who are 17 and as soon as they’re 18 they will start playing. The access to play is a problem with under 18s as it’s mainly an insurance issue. We’re trying to run beginners courses and, although we’ve got insurance sorted for over 18s, with juniors it’s still a problem. It’s something that we want to do and part of our remit as a club is to bring new players from all ages on board and that’s from both sexes as well.
October 4 - Off we went again, this time we took the tube to Westminster station and then caught a boat up the river to Hampton Court Palace. The boat ride is 2 ½ hours. We saw many things that you do not see by train or car. The captain of the boat gave us a nice tour, explaining a lot of the history of sites, and even some homes of celebrities such as Lord Archer’s, Michael Caine, and several others. The boat has a little kitchen, so they served hot drinks, which is needed with the wind off the river at this time of the year. I enjoyed it immensely, and I especially loved seeing all the house boats and the little islands. We visited the palace, and this time saw a lot more of it than the last visit. This time we visited Henry VIII’s apartments and I believe, Queen Anne’s apartments. Afterwards, we walked down the road to Pizza Express where we had a bite and then caught the train back to the hotel, just in time to get ready for the play, Bombay Dreams. Now, that was definitely a highlight of the trip! Bombay Dreams’ music and dancing is just so contagious! When we left the theater, my son and I could not help but sing and dance our way around, hahahaha.
No more than 4 pictures of your masterpiece along with the banner at the top of this article printed out an photographed in one image (for security purposes).We are also willing to accept your conversion in front of your computer screen with the contest page in the background.
After all the extremely physical and mentally challenging work that went into finding that camera, we had to retire back to the hotel for cheap Argentinian wine on the roof overlooking Buenos Aires and bed.
I received a phone call from the realtor on Saturday about the house. What she had to say was very positive. We had a great conversation, and I said I would be more than willing to work with her. I tried to explain I am not a bad guy I just wasn't being told anything by Angela, so I was left to assume.
3. This year I am trying to be more organized.
There is quite a long story about the Patek Philippe Nautilus. The Patek Philippe Nautilus collection was born in 1976. The company wanted to introduce a watch of a powerful design and unique personality. The design of the watch was inspired by a porthole of maritime vessels. The first ever Nautilus watch was the Ref. 3700/1 with a steel case. In no time, the Patek Philippe Nautilus gained the status of a classic elegant watch with a sporty appeal. The original Nautilus represents one of the most longed-after watches among avid watch collectors.
Jeffrey B. Gardner, 36, Hoboken, N.J.
One of the girl's visions tell Rachel that the girls weren't runaways, but victims of a monster - a killer who commits perfect crimes.
There is a trend amongst local authorities to co-mingle recyclables, rather than collecting separate recyclable waste streams. This allows the use of single body compactor waste freighters, which are capable of hydraulically crushing plastic bottles. The currently used hopper-style vehicles do not allow the collection of plastics as they would rapidly fill with space-consuming bottles. The upcoming contract renewal will give the Council the opportunity to specify that the service includes the collection of plastics, if it choses.
back into a wrinkly, dust-covered face. As the brewer
born: 9/18/1959
Anthology includes:
A few weeks ago, I visited a certain non-denominational church for the first time. Upon entering this church, it was obvious that central to core of this church was the worship experience. More specifically, it was the emotional atmosphere driven worship service. The sanctuary was very dark, the stage was set up like a concert with expensive lighting and all the typical instruments of someone trying to reproduce Hillsong. In the back was the typical gigantic soundboard. I tried to find a seat in the dark, which took a bit for my eyes to adjust. As I began to sing along, I found it hard to even make out who the people were next to me. The music lyrics were posted on two large projector screens in the front. The backgrounds that the lyrics were printed on was video of the musicians playing, in which the camera zoomed in out slowly on the musicians fingers and expressions, like a 90s rock video. When worshipped ended there was a message that had more Powerpoint with coffee cups than Scriptures and most of the message was the Francis Chan version of a Pneuma video.
“Were I the general counsel of an employer in Chicago with the workforce in the picture … I would be concerned,” said Charles Shanor, a law professor at Emory University and the former general counsel at the Equal Opportunity Employment Commission.
And when my father saw that the waters of the river emptied into the fountain of the Red Sea, he spake unto Laman, saying: O that thou mightest be like unto this river, continually running into the fountain of all righteousness! (1 Ne. 2:9)
Since Sidney was diagnosed with his silly string of food allergies a year ago, I seem to have a constant catalogue of questions that only parents in the same plight can answer.
Classic country with a twist
Yes, we have to do certain things. We must work, do laundry, take care of our kids…etc., but without taking time to enjoy activities that make us happy, to enjoy the clothes we washed, to enjoy our kids and family; all of the “must do” of our day was useless!
The tripper and the warrior both must kiss this skull and call it love; to survive this awful surrender the hipster has his rueful irony, the court its jester, the American G.I. his endless complaining and satiric reading of army sloganeering. The Germans never got that sense of humor -- they considered it our weakness. They didn't realize that irony can be a kind of casual loyalty that works better than attack dog allegiance because--and this turned out to be a crucial advantage--the GI could improvise and think on his feet, while the German was trained only to follow direct orders. As long as we can gripe and crack wise about it, we can endure anything, that was what made us the winners: freedom to gripe!
Blogger doing the second week can do three themes during the second week.
QGIS already has very strong analytical capabilities through its GRASS toolbox. Now, this is further extended by a new plugin that offers direct access to the Sextante toolbox. With this toolbox, QGIS can tap into 300+ functions from SAGA GIS and a number of other functions.
And now this so-called Mufti is telling us that this anti-Islam policy must not be resisted, protested or even demonstrated against for fear of fitna.
This is cheap me at the store in the Christmas aisle: I pick up one of those beautiful eye candy Tree skirts and I admire it(insert pathetic look). I look at the price tag and I think "I will keep this until I die so it's okay to spend $65 on this." I stick it in my cart and before I am done shopping it's out of my cart because I can't make bring myself to purchasing it.
Original oil painting on canvas panel
Viscount Radcliffe, former Lord of Appeal in Ordinary, spoke up about the preferential treatment being accorded to immigrants above that given to the natives:
-About half of federal expenditures outside of defense and interest are devoted to people ages 65 and up. Population aging alone- a result of the baby boomers generation- is expected to cause Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid costs to rise by about 3.5% of the GDP by 2030. (Urban Institute, Can Faster Economic Growth Bailout Our Retirement Programs?)
So here's to 30.
We eventually managed to get together for this SPECIAL BLACK FRIDAY weekend.
What Happened After Being Diagnosed with Gestational Diabetes
Remember "I" before "E", except in Budweiser.
who, with the Father, in the unity of the Holy Spirit,
Lots of rain and heat lately.. and here these guys appeared in one of my pots:
Label: Upright
Excuse me if for a moment I wander into self-reference. As a child, I loved visiting with my mother´s side of the family, a bunch of enigmatic but extremely generous people. Once, I must have been around nine years old, one of the uncles offered to take me to see the latest Disney’s flick. Full of self importance, I informed him that I was “too old” for cartoons. Now I only enjoyed “movies so moving that made me cry.” He looked at me as if was demented. “Why? The whole point of going to the pictures is to have fun,” he said ”not to suffer.” I didn’t realize it back then, but all these mysterious relatives, who spoke in odd languages among themselves and had funny numbers on their arms, had seen enough suffering to last them a lifetime. Now they wanted their entertainment to be “fun.”
I have to drive to Austin in the morning, so I left 30 minutes early to get a jump on traffic and leave enough daylight to do some driveway crawling. What is it with new cars these days? Plastic panels covering everything on the bottom side. The oil filter on the rollerskate is underneath, passenger side of the oil pan. Between me and filter is a plastic panel. Plastic panel has two 10mm bolts and a half dozen plastic wedge anchors holding it in place. There was a sort of wide "tab" on the plastic panel that covered access to the filter. I'm laying under the car, waiting for the engine to cool thinking, "well, I might as well start removing this fricking thing while it's cooling. Before the second bolt was removed, Brain says, "ahem..I'm not doing this every time I have to change the oil." "you know, you're right", says I.
The Washington Post quoted Fazal Mohammad Esaqzai, deputy chief of the Kandahar provincial council, as saying, “They entered the room where the women and children were sleeping, and they were all shot in the head. They were all shot in the head.” Esaqzai was “doubtful of the U.S. account suggesting that the killings were the work of a lone gunman … About an hour later, residents in a nearby village heard gunshots, and they later discovered the corpses of five men inside two houses located near each other, Esaqzai said.”
I also need to illustrate Blue's hawk/falcon... and some other things such as weaponry and vehicles!
Take 5 – reducing exam stress:
he left home
Whenever you give directions, always rely on teen talvar, do talvar, and Park Towers, and if its a society lady just tell her, "You've seen Threadz, right?"
She nodded slightly. “So it sounds like you just took a wrong turn somewhere.”
My verdict? I am very much enjoying this game, and I highly recommend it! The look, is fantastic! The artwork is quirky, cute, fascinating, and aesthetically wonderful! A visual masterpiece! And the story, is imaginative and addictive.
Ink: Versamark, Real Red
“No,” I say, “in fact from today on I will be asking far more of you as you should demand more from me.”
Yaya
I asked him how he would respond to some of my skeptic friends who don’t yet believe in God’s power to heal in the sense that he wasn’t running or jumping. As skeptics, myself formerly being one, it’s easy for us to look past the miracle and want more. It’s not enough that he could stand up on his own. Not enough that he could walk around on his own. This is what he said;
Aerosol is Rasmus Rasmussen from Copenhagen, Denmark. Rasmus started his solo project in 2000 while working with band mates Jakob Scøtt (syntaks) and Jonas Munk(Manual) in the post-rock band Limp (Morr Music). His debut EP as Aerosol was released on the Active Suspension label in 2001 which was shortly followed by a handful of compilation appearances. In 2006 Rasmus teamed up with the Unlabel imprint to release his first full-length - the limited edition "All that is Solid melts in to Air". In contrast to the minimal electronics of his first material Rasmussen has taken Aerosol to a much grander, warmer, and organic place which now utilizes the guitar as the main Aerosol instrument Whether those guitars are acoustic or heavily processed electric they are thoughtfully aided by gauzy layers of synths and dub-wise electronics. Rasmussen recently signed on to the n5MD imprint and is currently working on his next full-length.
If you are an extravert you are outgoing and become energized in groups. You usually want to share your experiences and ideas with others and you like to talk and have conversations with others. You think and make decisions by talking to others. You don’t seek out solitude or alone time and you need others to feel approval and acceptance. Feedback and sharing refuels your energy. Extroverts are impulsive, fun, and easily express
The random winner of the Simon Shopping Spree is.....
Hey there!! Its Saturday and that means time for another ODBD Shining the Light challenge! With Earth Day occurring on Sunday the 22nd the challenge this week is to "go green". This means that you can use green on your project or you can use some type of recycled item on your project.
_Kevin Guskiewicz, 45, Chapel Hill, N.C. Sports medicine researcher and University of North Carolina professor of exercise and sports science specializing in diagnosis, treatment and prevention of sports-related concussions.
4. She caters to her man. Now, I do this as well, but we go about it differently. If we are fighting.. you can fix your own plate & you better put your hands to work… she on the other hand caters to him regardless. She can be pissed at him and she will still hang from the shower rod if he asked her to.
John Hales is a successful businessman in the toy trade and hit the jackpot in making Teletubbies dolls. He formed Golden Bear Products in 1979 with Christine Nicholls and the company, which has its headquarters in Telford, Shropshire, is one of the UK’s leading manufacturers of quality and reliable toy products. Hales, who was previously managing director of Chad Valley Toys, is now chairman of Golden Bear Products and the business looks set for another hugely successful year having been selected to produce soft toys of Wenlock, Mandeville and Pride the Lion – the official mascots of the London 2012 Olympic Games, the Paralympics and Team GB. In the horseracing world, Hales is also a successful owner too and One Man, one of the most popular chasers, carried his colours with distinction and won 17 races for him. Tragically he sustained a fatal injury in the Melling Chase over the Mildmay Course at Aintree in 1998. Trained for him by Gordon Richards, the grey had provided him with some unforgettable memories, winning the King George VI Chase twice, the Hennessy Gold Cup and the Queen Mother Champion Chase. Hales may have felt one success in that latter race was as much as could be asked, but along came the Paul Nicholls-trained Azertyuiop to win the race for him again in 2004, having won the Arkle Trophy in 2003. Other good horses he has had in recent years include Noland, while his present star is the grey novice Al Ferof. Hales has also tasted success with top-class showjumper Arko, ridden by Nick Skelton, whose sons Dan and Harry are both employed by Paul Nicholls. The owner’s daughter Lisa runs Shaw Farm Stud in Shropshire, one of the UK’s leading breeding operations for equestrian sport horses.
Grayson LOVES basketball. It's so cute. I'm sure Josh is a little disappointed since it's not soccer. But we still have time for that though hopefully. :) It started with him wanting to watch people play it. Then he wanted to play, aka throw and roll the ball around. Now he just wants to put it in the hoop. Which is pretty hard considering his size. So you have to lift him up and "help" him do it.
*ensure staff are culturally capable?
turned 40, I started seeing real, terrifying and not-reversible signs of
That's right...the supermarket.
Industrial sectors, ranging from product manufacturing to food processing and from construction to packaging industry, are highly reliant upon variety of electronic and electrical supplies. There are many categories of electrical and electronic tools and related tools that are critical for various processes in industrial sectors.
Came vested all in white, pure as her mind:
01.Progress
“Whoever calls me Hase is inciting class warfare. I forbid it, under penalty of imprisonment.”
12603
Which brings me to the straw that broke the camel's back:
I recently read a post on The TV Addict by Tiffany Vogt entitled, "Is Romance Dead on Television?" which argued that there were only very few actual romances on contemporary television. Vogt defined a proper romance as, "a hint of a soft whisper, the briefest of caress, or a stolen look of desire," and noted Castle, Merlin and The Vampire Diaries as a few examples of shows with such romances. And while I can't speak for Castle (it's on my next to watch list), I just want to say... the Vampire Diaries, really?! In my opinion, the so-called romances in that show are as arbitrary and flaky, if not more so, than the ones found in 90210 or Gossip Girl. And those have some horrific romantic continuities. But I want to argue for another, major romance, which is very controversial (and thus, all the more fun)...
Card Blank - Double Easel Kanban.
Anyway, in the end, Prince Kynd (remember him?) has a sword fight and defeats Emperor Kruel, thus making all the other male characters in the plot superfluous.
the distance from the elbow to the tip of the hand is a quarter of the height of a man
The ingredients this week are:
And how about tradespeople? Ever leave a key hidden for them to use, later wishing you could re-key your locks 'just in case?'
a) everyone already knows about these artists? i.e. don't bore us, Ralph, get to the chorus!
Rating 2 for now for bib scenes. Film is probably better than first assumed. I like 80s US films but alway turned it off as soon I noticed that this is not the 85 film.
Rich Donovan
Regardless of what form of transport I choose, ultimately a backpack is still a viable last recourse. In a worst-case scenario I still might need to walk to my destination.
It's not surprising that Black Butte emerged from the "crossover beer" days. It is in many ways the perfect crossover itself. The first note is a chocolatey sweetness, supported by a creamy mouthfeel. It isn't a heavy beer, but substantial enough to sate hearty-beer fans. There's a bit of coffee in the final note which, despite the sweetness, makes for a dry finish.
Then everyone sits back to see the results on television, starting at 9:30pm.
it'll be a permanent, up-date-able feature on my sidebar here, so all can visit your lovely blogs!
You left a box of clothes for Me
Taking the momentum one step further they decided to help out children in hospitals worldwide by supporting the Child’s Play Charity. In fact they aren’t just supporting it, they’ve raised over 31,000 dollars for the children (contribute or check it out here: Link)
Amongst the things that I have had to think over are the reasons for this blog and what I (and hopefully you, my precious VEGsters,) get out of it. And I came to the conclusion that my primary reason for starting and continuing to write this blog is to blow off some of the steam that would otherwise boil my brain to the consistency of strained peas. Though I am actually just as sarcastic, irreverent, and potty-mouthed in real life, I find that my blog (and the Twitter, the Facebook, the Tumblr, the Google+, and the plethora of other social media I have that makes my head aspolde) allows me to say things that social niceties don't always afford me the opportunity to do in the real world. That, and my delusions of being a writer some day. And my further delusions of being some sort of comedian. And, you know, my rampant case of attention-whore-ism.
6- Stir batter and pour enough into a (heated on medium) greased pan to make about a
without the cleaning
i know that someday i will see the humor in this. today is not that day.
To feel again
Sunday I took the kids to church by myself. The kids were good for me, I was thankful. Sunday evening I was hurriedly trying to squeeze the most out of my 4 day weekend, playing an excess of Lego Star Wars, I'm tired now, I think I may regret that :(
According to what I've seen on french TV, there's no way they're letting you into that arena without a pair of florescent pink socks, ballet-slippers and an ornate blue & gold suit that shows too much of your crack and whose jacket is an obligatory 3 sizes too small. Stray from the dress code and nary a bull shall you tease.
You're at home, your parents are watching what you're doing, your friends are probably a little narrow-minded, or it's cliquey and kids are really mean to each other. So, as soon as you have that independence, you can just explore who you are.
- Boyce says that this dough is designed to be baked without chilling first. (This, I think, is linked to her use of cold butter. The cold butter likely keeps the dough cool and helps it spread less in the oven.) But I apparently am not only ornery; I also can’t follow directions. I scooped my dough, put it on a sheet pan, covered it with plastic wrap, and chilled it before baking. Some of the dough was chilled for about 1 hour, and some stayed in the fridge for two days. Chilling dough generally results in a thicker cookie, and mine were certainly nice and plump, which I like. So I recommend chilling the dough. And hey, I also noticed that the cookies that stayed in the fridge for two days were particularly flavorful. So “aging” the dough a bit isn’t a bad idea, either.
Everything came together fast and easy, just the way I like it! I now have the start of my kitchen command center and the motivation to keep going with it!
However, I have been looking around for inspiration. I posted earlier about the app I am using now to help keep an eye on my diet when on the go. But I came across a few articles out there in the mass that is cyberspace that said ‘forget exercise, change your diet’. Of course I am not arguing with the changing the diet, this is completely true. But forget about exercise? That doesn’t sound right to me?
Michael Jackson grins at me -
Scott Nichols Photography Day: 64
LAVA FIELD
Granted, that is the draw of the show, but to my delight, I am happy to report that there is more here than just T&A.
I was going to take Amma’s retreat, and then my busy-ness took over and the excuses flooded in. I am kicking myself now, although I am grateful to see Swamiji twice this week and Amma for Devi Bhava (the night/mood of the Goddess) which is an all night event where she becomes the embodiment of the Goddess and blesses us all with the energy (Shakti). Yummy!
scifieric:
Well, here we are again. It’s a Saturday night on the whiskey. Curry has been done (full!) and gin has been given. Why are we here? For wholly celebratory purposes, of course. Unless you mean life, in which case I haven’t the foggiest, save to say it doesn’t involve a god of any sort that I know of. Music is probably the answer. That or inevitable death. Cheery, eh? Yep, that’ll be the whiskey talking…
Wait a minute...
I began scrapping in 2000 when my youngest niece was born. I've been making cards for a year now.
While the romance part of the story was expected, the fact that it felt like a completely unrelated story didn't work so well for me. Far too much time was spent on Sanjay's and Kalpana's past, with a silly mistaken identity (a Bollywood convention it seems) storyline that could have been definitely trimmed. I didn't like that this lighthearted side of the film competed with the darker present that had potential. Maybe that is the American filmgoer in me.
"Yes, because you're well known for behaving like a bratty twelve-year-old." Rel caught himself short, aware that if he gave his anger free rein he wouldn't get it back under control. Trying to work the edge out of his voice, he changed tack. "Dora, this isn't like you. They've done something to you and you need to acknowledge that you've changed." He reached a hand up to squeeze her shoulder. "You need to trust me."
Below are the dates and times for drop-off, pick-up, and the sale times.
The form was a word processed document, because this was expected to yield a higher response rate than an online form.
I'm excited to introduce a new feature to my blog that I'm hoping to make semi-regular. It's going to be based upon something that is near and dear to my heart as an American in Paris...
I'm behind on my letters, behind on my scanning for Arachneas Attic - behind on everything, that is, except reading.
The following 3 points will tell you more about this extremely vital safety measure.
Every year I start decorating for Christmas on November 1. Yes, November 1. But when Christmas is over and done, I'm ready to put it all away until next year and start with a clean slate. Usually, January brings a new home improvement project for me. Sometimes it's simple, like repainting a room, or cleaning the cabinets, organizing the home gym, taking multiple loads of unwanted stuff to the GW.
It is also not difficult to understand her anatomy as a politician and as an administrator. She must have seen a lot in her life while growing up as a dalit woman. Life must have been pretty difficult, that’s for sure. Thus, now that she has the power – political power is the maximum level of power anybody can attain at least in India – she thinks – in her own insecure way – that she will take “revenge” – revenge from “manuwadis” – non-dalits – by showing to them that she is their boss now! That she cannot be treated like a dalit anymore. Period.
Unfortunately, in my experience, people are much more likely to come up with negative reasons. So if you want them to have a more positive impression, give them the information so they don’t make up their own versions. Also, someone in that room is probably paying for you to be there. The last thing you want is for them to think you aren’t doing any work. And, if you can’t come up with anything to say, then it’s probably time to look over your research habits and figure out what’s actually going on.
There are some well established ones, like the Leeds and Sheffield awards, there are some that are specific to new authors, like the Heart of Hawick or the New Horizons Book award, there are others that are just starting out (Hi, Warwickshire Junior Book Award!). But what all of these awards have in common is the dedicated professionals behind them working hard to encourage reading. They might be county or school's service librarians, or even teachers with responsibility for the school library and they work hard to bring new books to new readers.
CR: I’m Conservative because it’s closest to my philosophy. I think I’ve influenced my party on cycling/ I am within the group of 11 Conservative councillors, and arguing within that group.
Being the Creator of everything and having all power He knows everything, but He leaves opportunities to change the ways of what could happen. Though He loves all those who want to follow Him and live according to His Law.
If you paint on a dark ground you will often inadvertently end up with a lower key. Painting in a high key is a lot easier on a white canvas. When high key color is weak it is chalky. When low key color is weak it is murky and "too dark".
We've been sleeping with the windows open every night since it's cooled off here, and I'm LOVING it. The only problem: I cannot get up in the morning. It's just too comfy and cozy.
He recalled that Pairin had told him once that the purpose of joining the BN was so "it would be easier for us to solve all problems like the illegal immigrants, poverty and so on".
A Chief Zondi lived about two km from Farmers Nuco.
their actions
Still I do prefer her newer books, but I did enjoy this first Bridgerton books and all the siblings (8 if you are wondering). But at the moment only 4 are out and about. Daphne is nice and all, but men just want to be her friend. We all know men can be such idiots sometimes. I did like her in the book too, she was fun and I am sure we would have been friends.
A secret operation to run guns across the border to Mexican drug cartels — overseen by U.S. government agents — threatens to become a major scandal for the Obama administration.
Some recent comments left on my blog over the past few weeks have prompted me to write this particular posting. It has made me examine more closely the reasons I set up the blogsite.
Lastly, adorning this look with unfinished edges and multi-toned intrecciato side-detailing ‘Dakar Multicolor Washed Cervo’ Bag from Bottega Veneta.
I’ve been wearing glasses ever since I could remember. Way back when I was rocking the Voltron set and having little nerd-rage-gasms over how the Black Ranger had such lame Zords (the Red Ranger had a T-REX, Black Ranger had an ELEPHANT?). Having specs for most of my life, I have encompassed one of if not all of these roles at a time, whether they were accurate or not.
Peter spent the rest of the weekend in our apartment. We continued to have sex several times after my first. We had a good sexual chemistry and I felt comfortable with him. I did not feel self conscious and I knew that this was not a relationship. When he asked me why I chose him, I simply said,
A recent new law eliminated the little "auto-flow" latch bar that would allow you to keep the pump going while you let go of the handle. Which means that you must keep your hand on it to pump your gas into your vehicle.
Recommendation $7,500
So who was representing the “extreme right” in this debate? If it’s either one of the three, that makes Leon Trotsky into “moderate right” and Pol Pot into “moderate left.” For ULB to shift the goal posts of “Extreme Right” in this way and to insinuate that it is untouchable makes mockery of the protestations of freedom of expression by the white post-Christian suits who represented ULB and the putative forces of reason in this event. Lastly, nothing is “free”: neither ideas in the PC/MC/neo-socialist Belgium nor the finances in a taxpayer-supported university. So the very name of ULB is sophistry.
Satyavachan!
coming
This morning I got up and sat at the big old desktop computer and cranked up Twitter. Posts about Cybermummy were already popping up online, but I was in no way ready to write one. A couple of people said very nice things about me, and the post (I can show you which it is, now) I was chosen to read out during the crowdsourced keynote. On Twitter, people were having coffee, getting on trains, greeting each other. I realised that I could spend all morning there, and still be no further towards a coherent thought.
...to regulate, control, license and/or tax the manufacture, bottling, sale,
- Cream cheese 150 – 250 g 2 for $7.00 (Kraft Philadelphia)
Discipline, in essence, is consistency of action. It is being consistent in your values, long-term goals, performance standards, and method. Now, Collins is quick to point out that discipline is NOT measurement, it is not regimentation, it is not adherence to bureaucratic rules. But it does require the independence of mind to reject pressures to conform in ways incompatible with values, performance standards, and long-term aspirations. Now while all this may seem like corporate talk, really can be applied in the ministry setting. What do you value as a staff? It’s a question that I have recently posed to our staff at my congregation so that we can be sure we know what our values are and to discover what our performance standards are. Then we need to ask the question are we going to be disciplined to have the will to do whatever it takes to create a great outcome, no matter how difficult. This is going to be extremely difficult in that when things get tough, when members are pulling you in different directions, when you are tired, it’s easy to do things outside your core values. We can’t let external pressures or even social norms knock us off course. When your ministry has a fanatic discipline, you don’t overreact to events, succumb to the herd, or leap for alluring-but irrelevant-opportunities. You are unyielding in your standards yet disciplined enough not to overreach. This is an important step in becoming not just a good ministry, but a GREAT ministry.
This little loaf recipe has been on my to do list for a little while now. My mum has been telling me about it for quite some time now. As each recipe makes two loaves....she has made over 40 loaves of this now. Well...I just had to try it now didn't I?? Last weekend as part of my very productive weekend....I had a chance to give it a try, and it was really quite yummy! I am planning to make it again and I have already got another can of mango waiting...so I'll be ready. Although it contains mango, it is not a very over powering flavour....and the little cake is 'just enough' in terms of sweetness and flavour. An interesting little loaf which freezes well and requires no icing! That's a pretty handy recipe to keep in your little recipe box....I'd say!
Of course, as in so much else, our home grown news distorters are mere amateurs by comparison with their counterparts across the Atlantic. Those working for news agencies such as CNN and MSNBC in America can rival Pinocchio when it comes to lying, however, by some means, possibly resulting from the amount of cosmetic surgery they all, male and female, appear to have had, they have mastered the means of preventing their noses from growing when they do so.
In the U.S., where smokeless tobacco products compete with cigarettes, public health authorities must begin to communicate truthful information about the differential risks to smokers. Disinformation and obfuscation about the relative risks of varying tobacco products costs lives and disgraces those who pursue such actions. Truthful communication about tobacco harm reduction is a public health imperative.
What else can you tell us about grieving and the workplace?
ski racing. Her education includes a degree with honors from Harvard, a Rhodes
with their long alleyways and ornate tombs.
Before this, we really didn’t have a flag to call our own. We flew a version of the British Union Jack with the Canadian coat of arms on it. Unlike the rebellious colonies to the south of us, Canada was the good child. We had our moments, but we never had a revolution to overthrow British rule. In fact we didn’t even have our own constitution until 1982!
So go ahead, dismiss OWS. Dismiss their views. Thousands of people are peacefully expressing their anxiety about their financial situation. Thousands of people are willing to articulate in reasonable, polite terms what they think is going wrong and what should be done about it, even if the news media isn't interested in listening. Go ahead and ignore them, roust them out of the parks with clubs and tear gas, then cut their wages, slash social programs, demand austerity from everyone but the 1%. Make the economy scream in the name of protecting profit and privilege. Just don't get all pissy when the inevitable happens and articulate rage turns inarticulate.
Synopsis: From Goodreads, "Last spring, Nikki Beckett vanished, sucked into an underworld known as the Everneath, where immortals Feed on the emotions of despairing humans. Now she's returned- to her old life, her family, her friends- before being banished back to the underworld... this time forever.
TurboKitty and Double Chocolate into kegs. Only room for one keg in the fridge, but I moved the keg with the Vanguard Red and that thing is so light I doubt that there is a growler left. I'm going to go try to get a growler worth out and drink the rest once I get done typing. It will make room for the Midnight Chocolate Bar Stout. I should be able to get both carbonated for the Black Star social this weekend. I'll bring 4-5 growlers of beer to it and man the Homebrewer's Corner again. I'll have to pick another keg of beer to bring to the Bluebonnet in a week and a couple days. I promised to bring the Red, but it's done and its replacement was just brewed last night.
Touch everything like it was the first time.
Over the past year, real estate sales prices for homes in Charlotte’s Landen Meadows neighborhood have ranged from the upper $100′s through the mid $200′s, though the majority of activity has been at or below the low $200′s. Average Landen Meadows real estate sales price since August of 2009 has been $207,820.
nice to let us come out and interrupt their work
"Come on home, girl" he said with a smile
“A wella bless my soul
Cabinets are DONE! will show them soon.
This week is my Mamma4earth Etsy shop's three year birthday, so I would like to share this apple cozy pattern with you to celebrate and because you are all so very kind to take the time to visit this spot and leave such heart warming words for me.
And there was my mother, a-sitting on a buoy.
Every writer knows the value of reviews either in the form of critique or comments. And the indie press and self published authors especially first timers value its weight in platinum.
The Report doesn’t measure levels, but gaps in access, in order not to conflate the gender gap with development. Next, the Report eschews cultural variables for outcome variables, like health, education, economic participation, and political empowerment. Last, the Report measures gender equality, not empowerment. The most interesting part of the calculation process involves “truncating” the raw data by means of equality benchmarks. That’s all very wonky, but it does show what fun can be had with numbers.
or east
Back in 2008 when I joined Tuesdays with Dorie, I'd only just started to experiment in my kitchen. I had little to no experience baking, but with each passing week, I gained confidence with Dorie acting as a teacher through the words in her book, and the other TWD members the most supportive friends one could hope for. Today, the kitchen is my happy place - it's where I spend a majority of my time each week. Whether I'm making meals for Shane and myself, or creating treats to share with friends and family, it's always time well spent.
Geckos are very important.
1/4 cup plus 1 Tablespoon vegetable oil
Freight to outside Europe (US, Australia etc)
- The contract stated payment for the bar was due by May 27th. Giving you until July was very generous, nearly 7 weeks.
Michele Abagnano (Nino Manfredi) is an illegal coffee vendor riding the night train between Naples and Rome. With his broken shoe and wooden arm, he cuts a sorry figure. Though, since he's played by the charming Manfredi, he's also wonderfully lovable, always ready with a joke and sympathetic ear. The film ambles along, dropping in with Michele as he visits the various characters in the various cars. In this way, and the fact that it takes place overnight, the film resembles an episodic, nocturnal, ensemble piece like Jagte Raho or After Hours: that is, it mixes the strange with the immoral with the funny, all steamed up with some schmaltzy philosophizing on the nature of man.
Amy, well done. I'm a hard one to please and have created an outstanding local product to be proud of.
Not that it’s bad to have seven good rotation players, it’s just kind of short don’t you think?
Since then, Mrs Steerforth has been drinking elderflower juice by the gallon, determined to atone for her transgression.
Mr. Jenkins was of course off doing his own thing and he happened to be rustling around in some tall grass near the tiger cage. That big white Bengal tiger saw that twitching in the shrubs and he lunged up against his cage with his eyes trained on the boy! It was a little freaky, and I was grateful for the bars!
With awakening comes freedom; freedom to forgive and to be forgiven in Christ.
That simple line made it all oh so much worse. I wasn’t being paraphrased, or speculated about. What was to follow was directly from me, in my own words. Or so the Daily Mail would have its readers believe.
1/4 cup pecan halves
So I was out of the country for a few days last week on one of my occasional business trips “out forrin” and came back to Dublin Airport on Friday night.
Oh Granada, the one day that I spent in 2008 in this magical city would affect my decision on where to study abroad. I could have picked any country and any city, but I wanted to come back to a city that I was not able to fully see. Now I can easily take a stroll down the streets of this city, discovering new things everyday. Meeting new people and loving every moment of it.
Well, it’s almost over for this semester. I finished grading the Unfamiliar Media project in GD1. This project is unique in that each student must work in a media they have never worked with before to promote a cause that the student is interested in. The project assignment sheet and introduction is listed below:
All alone and not so tame,
The investigations into Malema started when his lavish lifestyle, expensive parties and houses came to the fore, with many questioning how he managed all these things on his youth league salary.
The photo above is from Lafayette and Classon avenues and it shows a large limb dozens of feet above the sidewalk with a frayed twisted connection. Look at the closeup below and ask yourself,"would
I’m convinced that Pensacola is the world’s smallest town. Seriously. I just saw two people (a new couple that’s blossomed from a rather pathetic break-up) walk past my office window. There’s no way they saw me or knew that I could see them, but I now know that they are a couple and I didn’t know that… until a couple of seconds ago.
Fridays workshop ..."COLD BLOODED JOURNAL "..With MICHAEL DeMENG...
Lakosha mirrored Brulee’s movement with a forward step of her own. “But you are stuck, Brulee. You are stuck in our past mindsets, at least partly. If you do not go out into the world, if you do not progress your training further, you will never be a complete paladin.” Her voice calmed slightly, though it still carried an edge. “I have seen it in our trainings, as infrequent as they have gotten to be. You have lost the spark that aims to swing your blade; your prayers are half-felt, your mind instead focused on the theories in your books, your heart staying by your sister’s side. And I understand why it would be there, do not get me wrong. Family has been important for all of us.” She paused for a moment, her eyes’ glow unfocusing for just a brief moment. “But in the heat of battle, ones heart should be focused on the Light.”
1 egg beaten with 2 tablespoons water or milk, for egg wash
that we ain’t leavin
Cry the beloved country indeed! And in case you think Johnson’s case is racist, he points out how massively more successful neighboring Botswana has been by taking a different tack. This was not inevitable. This was path dependent, was the particular tragedy of the incompetent ANC leadership. Of course, Apartheid is partly responsible for this tragedy. By failing to educate Black South Africans in large numbers in technical and other skills in the 1970-90s, the number of appropriately educated Black South African candidates for key positions has been minuscule compared with demand. The skilled white population has been under-utilized, increasingly driven into exile by the crime rate, but are often used as contractors to do the work because qualified Black South Africans don’t exist, though under-qualified appointments nevertheless made. And the paranoia and reverse racism of Mbeki and other ANC leaders has a clear origin in their battle with Apartheid. Apartheid has very dirty hands even after it has ceased to exist.
The border is made with a Spellbinders die and the sentiment is from Kaisercraft mounted on a Memory Box tag.
I paid particular attention to West Virginia, since I am a mountaineer. I do want to mention that West Virginia is not the only state that has stupid laws. Here are some of the laws that are enacted in our wild and wonderful mountain state:
Independent? We took everything we associated with the word "wedding"
From the earliest days of the Church the celebration of the Resurrection was the central act of worship. From this Feast of Feasts the rays of the resurrection stretch to the entire year through the Sunday Eucharistic celebration. The joy of this new creation spreads to the entire year. During the Great Fast Sunday becomes the thematic turning point for each week. The journey to Pascha begins with the expulsion of Adam on the Sunday of Cheesefare. Then on each successive Sunday we change focus. During each following week we elaborate on the theme. Step-by-step we approach the destination, Pascha.
Last Friday I dyed a bunch (I can't remember the exact number to be honest), but didn't re-skein any at my house because I knew I had to rest my arm for later that evening. As I mentioned in yesterday's post, my knitting group and I were going to have a re-skeining party. This is the second one we've done in the past few weeks, as I'm normally working all by myself, but with the amount being dyed right now, I don't have time to re-skein them all myself. My amazing group offered to help me and how could I turn them down!
DID YOU KNOW… That with my official tourguide license we get to skip the lines?
Friday=Best Day Ever, a.k.a My Birthday. The Big 2-4, people!
Kyla, Mohsin and Sara, you’re in charge of putting the laptops away… and nobody leaves until they’re all away!
In the tea rooms, the staff busied themselves while we enjoyed the view from a lovely large balcony overlooking a bustling square below. Almost on cue, a performance started in the square with booming drums and a girl singing in Chinese. One of Elliot’s boys remarked – very correctly – that it sounded “a lot like cats f*cking”. Glad it wasn’t me lowering the tone for once.
Yes, there are victims in this world. But once you reach adulthood, you are responsible to make sound adult decisions. One of the greatest lessons I've ever learned is, if I own where I am, I'm capable of making the changes necessary to better my situation. Continue to blame others or circumstances and you'll never dig your way out, because you haven't allowed yourself to come to terms with WHY you really are where you are.
Well, not so much needed if you don't care what goes on in my life, but if you didn't you wouldn't read this, huh?
To say I love this anime is an understatement. I adore it! It's on a level with Winx, which is really saying something. The moment I started watching it I just knew it was for me. (I had seen a clip before I bought it).
Perry’s best defense of his in-state-tuition-for-illegals law is to remind voters that it was a state-level decision, implemented in a state that has to tackle the practical fallout from illegal immigration in a way a state like Massachusetts simply doesn’t. (As a reminder, Texas has ten times the number of illegals as Massachusetts.) Texas DREAM primarily affected the state budget of Texas and Texas taxpayers — and, presumably, Texan voters supported it at least indirectly by electing a state legislature that passed it. Offering in-state tuition doesn’t explicitly erode the rule of law as, say, amnesty for illegals would. If a state wanted to offer in-state tuition to international students, it could. If a state wanted to offer a flat tuition rate to all students, it could. Yes, as Rick Santorum pointed out last night, in-state tuition does nothing to discourage illegal immigration — but that’s not what such a law is designed to do in the first place. It’s designed to incentivize college enrollment (and, presumably, graduation). Whether that’s advisable is certainly debatable, but Perry’s support for Texas DREAM need not cost him the support of those who are strongly opposed to amnesty for illegal immigrants or who strongly support — as Perry puts it — “more boots on the ground” to secure our borders. In other words, Perry should reassure voters he’s not squishy on border security nor does he favor amnesty for illegals — and deflect attention from the Texas DREAM Act as much as possible, not call attention to it with self-righteous pronouncements.
In December I read a book called Ready Player One by Ernest Cline.
“I know when things translate into TV. I’m good at it ’cause I live this life,” she told The Huffington Post. “I have had people come to me and say ‘I have this great idea for a reality TV show.’ I actually, in my mind, can play it out and see it happening … for me it’s like writing a living book and I really love to write.”
Illa (my Mamaw's mother's name) - Husband doesn't like
It was going to be a pretty bland meal. All I had was a some left over chicken and a frozen bag of stir fry veggies. I was out of stir fry sauce and searched for a simple recipe with ingredients I had in the kitchen. I found stir fry recipes that's ingredient list rivals the most complicated meals with upwards of 20 ingredients. I needed something simple and moreover, needed something that used very little soy sauce as I didn't realize I was down to my last droops. I found one! It's very basic, but it sure did liven up the meal.
My mother liked to use the word "blouse" when I was kid.
Camper of the Week: Christian Rodriguez
Instead we have to pretend it's a few radicals, a few extremists, whilst leaving the floodgates open and continuing to turn a blind eye to just how Muslim immigration has transformed this country and this continent.
Grabbing and maintaining a woman's eye is the aim, and a quirky or bright outfit will help. The theory is that once you set yourself apart from the shlubs in flops and cargo pants, bedding a woman is then a matter of time.
We were able to go home that night – about 4 hours after I gave birth. It was so nice being at home and getting to sleep in my own bed. Bryce slept for 8 hours straight that first night. I think she knew that Mom really, really needed a good night sleep. She had also gone through quite an ordeal as well. I still woke up every hour to check on her in the co-sleeper right next to me but went right back to sleep. It was emotionally and physically draining for all four of us. When I think back on all the details and as I sit and write this, I can’t believe all the events that took place. I mean, 24 hour labors are supposedly long. I endured about 60 hours of labor with no sleep. I am amazed by what I was able to do. I am amazed by what my husband and my Mom did for me. I am amazed at what Brenna witnessed and that she was okay with it all. I am amazed by the way the nurses and my midwife came together and did what needed to be done to take care of me and my baby. I will be forever grateful to all of them at the birth center for making it such a wonderful experience. And now I am amazed and completely in love with my beautiful, sweet baby Bryce, who we’ve wanted for so long.
Today we opened the last few presents, including a Cars 2 sleeping bag from grandma and grandpa. He insisted on sleeping in it on our floor tonight. I just checked on him and he is asleep on the floor, but not in the sleeping bag.
Uh-oh. Has a Belgian dubbel smell to it, so I let it warm. As it opened up a bit it smelled more like a solid, malty RIS. Deep bread, slight roasted coffee.
It could be argued that ADA's one useful educational function is that it publishes the journals Diabetes Care and Diabetes which are filled with reports of research studies that are ignored by the ADA's policy makers. But before you convince yourself that contributing to the ADA will help continue these publications, you should be aware that the ADA has made these journals a profit center. They are extremely expensive to subscribers--$395 a year, each.
P.S. I will be doing all of the above photo shoots with my child(ren) and I can't wait!!!
sysconfig -m
The war came and, of course, he went back to England to join up with the army. On one of the casement panes in the dining-room window, there's a rather large (perhaps 6" by 8") engraving...presumably done with a diamond ring. The engraved poem and it's floral border are dated only a few days after the German invasion of Paris. The woman was evacuating for Bordeaux (I've always relished Adam Gopnik's description of Bordeaux as "the place where French always go to give up"), and she knew that she might never see him again....but that he might, one day, see the poem, even if she were gone. That is, in short, the gist of the poem itself (which she wrote in English for him). She did, eventually and after the war, return...and lived there for many years thereafter. He, however, never did return. She never married.
Well, well, compare that with the Shulman application. As we said to Senator McConnell:
She said, "Well, since you're young and healthy, you could take pills instead, but we'd need to do bloodwork first to make sure your kidney function is okay. And if you opt for the pills, you need to take 32 of them and you'll need to drink 8 ounces of water every time you take the pills."
This post is one of a series from professor Nisse Goldberg's Plant Taxonomy students at Jacksonville University. FNPS blogger Laurie Sheldon assisted the students with their initial drafts, providing suggestions for editing and content development.
Cops arrested for killing motorist
This has nothing to with Bag End and everything to do with life at Bag End.
Well, he had me there. If we had permission to view the Bible as a collection of stories, a collection of myths, then we could apply the same ’strongest-reading’ approach that I had learned in the context of social theory. I became a fan of Jesus, of Buddha, and of Mohammed in that class. I read their words, and the words from other world religions in that class, I looked for the passages where they saw the truth most clearly and didn’t worry about the parts where their culture, or their fear, or their greed, or their other human frailties got in the way. I began to believe in the universality of truth, in the idea that we are all seeking this truth, that it is a fundamental part of our nature, that it is this truth that unites us and makes us whole.
The flower was stamped in versamark and embossed in detail white onto SU crumb cake card, roughly torn out round the image and the edges inked with vintage photo DI - and I carefully added a very little ink onto the centre of the flower using a cotton bud.
Jack turned and the smile on his narrow, clean-shaven face held not a bit of warmth. “I know there are,” he said. “I invented them.”
Few people could be more Rightist than Prince Otto von Bismarck, Prussia's "Iron Chancellor" of the late 19th century and the man who unified modern Germany under the Prussian crown by way of successful wars on Austria and France. He was an hereditary aristocrat who for some years defied the Prussian parliament to rule Prussia in the name of the King alone and often wore his Prussian military uniform -- complete with Pickelhaube (spiked helmet). Yet the same man also gave Germany an extensive welfare system (workers compensation, old-age pensions etc.) that exceeded in generosity anything else of its kind in the world of those days. See here. It was a Prussian traditionalist who was the pioneer of the welfare state, not some Leftist.
1) Yes, the rumors are true. Gwar will be on the show in the very near future.
The is is available at the Fiddler's Elbow in Edinburgh, and consists of frozen balls of butter deep fried in Irn Bru batter.
Far from flying with the angels, he traces with the fidelity of a seismograph needle the state of the solid bloody landscape. His house is dangerous and finite, but he is at home in the world. He can love the shape of human beings, the fine and twisted shapes of the heart.
Solid as iron.
One of the best ways to improve the appearance of your skin is by incorporating raw food into your diet. Beautiful skin starts from the inside out. People who switch to eating mostly raw food often see an improvement in their skin and look younger.
Deloitte was critical of the shortage of broadcasting and editorial policy expertise on the SABC board: “The lack of non- executive directors with the proper broadcasting industry experience hampers the board’s ability to discharge its accountability in this specialised industry.”
So, Kati is going to give one of my readers a free decal of their own! All you have to do to enter is leave a comment on this post. The giveaway will end on March 27. I will randomly pick one winner on March 28! You can get an extra entry by tweeting, and/or blogging about this giveaway (so really that is two extra entries you can get). Just leave me another comment (or two) letting me know you did.
It was hard to tune them out as they were so cool they spoke at the volume you'd use at home in your own lounge ... they were "the whole world is my lounge" types.
How can we forget that the show was originally ’Jon and Kate Plus 8′? Jon told Radar Magazine he’s “very relieved” that his kids can possibly now live a normal life without the TV cameras.
As usual, whenever I get on the computer I find myself blog hopping and checking out Pinterest rather than doing what I logged on to do. And more often than not, as soon as the screen lights up, I actually forget what I logged on to do. Eh. But last week, during one of those moments, I ran across this super cuter summer hair how-to on the Skunkboy Creatures blog. I've tried it twice now, it's so adorable, and so so easy too. An added bonus, I get a ton of compliments and people think I spent a lot of time on my hair.
Grace and peace in Christ Jesus our Lord and Savior. Serene, highborn Prince, gracious Lord.
many more of us believe in your strength!
My brother, 2 years my junior, was a difficult child. Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder pretty much ruled his life as well as ours and he still continues to have issues even in his adulthood. I wont go too much into the joyous experiences of growing up with a maniac for a brother, that is a tale for another blog, another time. Needless to say, my dear mother had her hands full.
Weyerbacher - Winter Ale
This was going to be an epic blow-up.
I fully believe that God is working behind the scenes. He sees the bigger picture — the WHOLE picture — and He is putting all the pieces into place.
GOD PROMISED TO TURNAROUND whatsoever you are going through in your favor; your victory; no weapon shall prosper against you; GOD is with you; GOD’s grace, JESUS, is sufficient for you. God will prosper you, strengthen you and heal you. GOD will prosper you and yours with HIS blessings to bless in the name of JESUS CHRIST. AMEN. Praise GOD! Allelujah!!!
It took me about a year to write The Hunt. As the story came into its own, it really sucked me in and I was writing at a pretty fast pace the last month or two. I spent a few weeks on revisions, then out went the query letter to several agents. Two weeks later, I had seven offers of representation. Two months later, St. Martin’s Press bought the book at auction. While I was still in a cloud of disbelief, my foreign rights agent called me with the wonderful news that Simon & Schuster (UK) bought the UK rights in a pre-empt. It all happened is such a mad, exciting flurry!
- procrastin8or
I almost feel sorry for him except that my tax money goes to paying his salary at one of Iowa's public universities.
We got the beat here
Emily had her surgery on April 20th. She was born with cyst on her neck. It was nothing serious but the doctors wanted to have it removed between 1 and 2 years of age. So finally after talking about this for 19 months it was the day. We were a little nervous or as Dustin had a good word "uncomfortable." There is just something about your baby girl in the hospital awaiting surgery. She couldn't eat anything until her surgery (at 11:15ish.) But she was good as we could have asked her to be. It went really smooth and she did great. They had to remove more cartilage than they were expecting but he said nothing still too severe. And the little stinker wasn't even sore or you couldn't even tell anything was wrong the next day. She recovered amazingly. I thought for sure her neck would be sore or something and I couldn't tell a thing. So we are glad that's over and we are extremely thankful for such healthy kids. Our little cyst ordeal is NOTHING compared to what others have to go through. I just can't image. Emily hasn't ever even been to the dr for anything other than a well child visit and she hasn't even had a band-aid! We are so incredibly blessed.
As you can see, Certification is geared for people who plan on going and sharing what they have learned with others via store, classes, or online through their blog. We want everyone to be able to have access to high-quality Copic classes, even if they can't attend a certification themselves. If anyone takes a class from someone who is certified and has a good experience, please contact us. Likewise, if you have a bad experience please let us know why and how they can improve.
This week Amber West and I are trying something a bit different on Why It’s Worth a Watch Wednesday. We’re still reviewing TV, of sorts… Amber takes a look at the Hulu original, Battleground (only available online), and I’m reviewing a reality show on Lifetime that I never thought I’d watch.
1 (5-pound) whole chicken, patted dry with paper towels
Stieglbrauerei zu Salzburg GmbH Stiegl Pils
(Now 90, Dr. Ho is prepared to pass the baton to his son, Dr. Ho II, who chatted us up at the clinic. He said the Mayo Clinic has correspondence with Ho regarding a leukemia case.)
Add remaining ingredients and blend until smooth.
The two other layers are the ones that rank a bit higher in the mix. More importance seems to be placed on the second layer that plays like an ambient siren. It contains an unforgiving stereo delay that’s lightly distorted and is the predominant signal of the track we’re about to unfold upon.
This morning Ireland’s Central Statistics Office (CSO) has released its inflation figures for January 2012. The monthly headline Consumer Price Index (CPI) was down 0.5% compared to December 2011, but up 2.2% year-on-year (down from 2.5% in December 2011). The biggest driver of inflation in the past 12 months continues to be the CSO category of housing-related costs, and within that, the most significant component is mortgage interest which has risen 7.8% in the past 12 months as domestic bank-driven interest rate rises take effect, though this is substantially down from the 15-20% increases seen in recent months. Energy costs in homes have risen by 11% in the past 12 months.
“What is that?” he had asked the older chickens, as the graceful speck dipped and soared below the clouds.
Working with a specific deity or pantheon toward a certain goal?
The Tinplate Company of India Limited has submitted to the Exchange the Standalone Financial Results for the period ended September 30,2010.
Even before the coup however, Yala and other opposition leaders had denounced as fraudulent the result of the first round, which Gomes won comfortably, and had called for a boycott of the rest of the election.
15) Getting internal support for CR reporting and communications
4. Keeps well for at least 1 week in the refrigerator. To reheat, place in a pan over very low heat. If you heat too fast, it will cause the sauce to take on a shade of brown .Sauce also will heat well in the microwave for about 90 seconds.
The end to the hostage crisis has come after four rounds of talks between the Raman Singh government and Maoist-appointed mediators.
Benefits of Pelvic girdle work:
And I’m constantly searching out new ones (don’t tell my husband — who did take calculus and trig) and I spend far too much time playing games, which require analyzing angles, balance, sweet spots, swing, timing and torque, among other things, in order to collide, cut, destroy or dynamite the objective.
A festive meal.
You might enjoy the show. Probably not, but then: who gives a shit?
It wasn't until this posting that I found out that Fernando wrote this song after he and his wife Margee had attempted to adopt a child, and after the long process it was unable to be completed. Praying this doesn't fit our situation too closely after all. But, I am thankful that God is the God of all comfort and if our hearts get broken (and in this world there is no promise that they won't and in fact the Bible makes it clear that we will suffer and experience hurt)...He will be there to comfort me.
Digging through the box some more I found a newspaper clipping, there had been a horrible car accident and that they couple had been killed instantly…and the couple had been the Godfrey’s.
After much experimenting and some messed up batches, I have come up with the following process, and it really made the most beautiful, moisturizing liquid soap I have used :)
Traffic rolls to a stop in both the French Quarter and Uptown, as there is always a parade starting (or ending), and the floats line the sidestreets, waiting for their turn. Floats can be huge carrying hundreds (literally hundreds) of riders. In 1994, the Krewe of Orpheus set a record (at that time) with 700 riders on a single float.
*Gail Gibbons
(insert your own particular neurotic thoughts here)
And your caress was saying, you don’t have to worry anymore
I must confess, I’m still not completely sold on the new Spiderman ‘re-boot’.
Too often in matters like this the state authorities does wine on us….and wine hard too. So, sorry Khan is not heads alone I want to see roll.
Both technologies can detect gamma rays and subatomic particles emitted by nuclear material, but have drawbacks. The large sodium iodide crystals required for scintillation detectors are typically fragile, cumbersome, difficult to produce and extremely vulnerable to humidity.
- Racism is a bogeyman of the past, that no one but the present government believes, and only it keeps alive though its various vacuous, stale rhetorics. And the people I saw that day paid scant attention to it. Unity was all around.
This is where you say, “Yeah but I’m just not interested. I would rather just hire someone. I can’t afford the time and effort to learn these things.”
So I started thinking. What if we link all these people together? What if we create a way to meet people in a similar position, people who genuinely want to help build our online platform while at the same time building theirs? People who want to pay it forward in the spirit of writerly writerness and blogging beautificity (and see it come back to them in turn).
I don't think he is as outgoing as Maddox was because he is always watching everyone and soaking it all in.
Now you can’t go home, you’ve fallen from
To serve the tart:
This was taken last year in Autumn. Last year’s Autumn was odd, b/c we had a hard freeze early in the season. This caused a lot of trees that aren’t quite temperate to this climate that were still green to lose ALL of the leaves.
209 Manic Street Preachers Roses In The Hospital (O.G. Psychovoval Mix)
-- William Shakespeare, King John
It is ANZAC Day today. Our ANZAC Day ceremony at school was really good yesterday. The Senior Choir sang BEAUTIFULLY! Watching the videos, listening to the music, laying the wreaths and listening to current and ex-servicemen really brought it home to my littlies. Some Year 2s read a poem extremely well - they were getting compliments from everyone! My class was very solemn throughout - except for one who thought his shoes were WAY more interesting than what anyone else had to say....
Today’s post continues this week’s series of ‘my favorite television episodes’.
Things, however, may not have gone smoothly and one of a number of problems may have been met. Let’s briefly look at some of the most common problems and how we can resolve them.
Giveaway ends Wednesday, May 9th, 9pm Pacific. Winner will be chosen using Random.org.
The protected area continues over the cliffs to South Foreland Lighthouse and St Margaret's Bay, a route I'm saving for another day.
Since Yoochun turn me become a vampire like him, I avoid him as possible. I don’t know what to do and act. Today I didn’t see him, may be he’s busy. I walk around this big mansion. I stand in front of a big door, curious came after me. I push the door try to open it. ‘Ugh… it’s heavy…’ Finally it’s opened.
Majolica Majorca Curl, Curl, Curl towards the sky mascara base
Yeah, I’m feeling a serious resistance to Monday. Bear with me, if you can stand it.
Just one of those people who are effortlessly good at everything they do.
Marvel at my ability not only to hurtle through every shortcut in the North West Edinburgh area , but to sucessfully apply make up at every red and amber traffic light.
The gunslinger swallowed hard and said, "No sir. . . But. . . I've always wanted to."
1 powers
On December 6th, an uninhabited island in Japan’s Inland Sea disappeared around 8 am local time. Local reports state a beam of light broke through the cloudy sky and obliterated the island in a matter of seconds. There was a small explosion that could be heard, something akin to a firework exploding in the sky, the papers said. The national defense force was investigating; none of the residents of the nearby towns were injured, and then it was on to sports. When it was time for the broadcast of the evening news in the States, there was no trace of the island, nor any geological record that one had ever existed; the ground was smoothed perfectly over.
Picture This w NM $6.00
Messages are the individual textual bodies exchanged between a server and a client. There can be two types of messages. They are – Requests and Responses.
Anyway, about the time we got ready to go, I put Annie's leash on. I turned to talk to someone, and Annie was behind me. Suddenly she lurched at another dog - and pulled me straight off my feet - backwards. I landed ON Annie. She let out a yelp, got up and wouldn't put weight on one of her hind legs. (Hey, I don't weigh THAT much.) As for me, it seemed like a soft landing, and nothing hurt.
What does "Yes We Can" mean to the supporters of Shas? It means that they can regain the seats they lost to upstart political parties (like the Pensioner's Party) in the last election, increase their clout in the ruling coalition, and further obstruct efforts at political resolution of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
Casanova: Avaritia #3
Topdeck Days 1 & 2
A Pocketful: Valentine
Has anyone had an experience like I did last night? Even if you just heard about it from someone else.....do you think that it was urine and not amniotic fluid???
- George’s body is cremated and his ashes are rumored to be scattered in the sacred Ganges and Yamuna rivers of India
In all the furore and prurient reportage around the death of Baby P, it's all too easy to forget that others have suffered too. That's right - many of the people associated with this case have had their careers blighted and their reputations damaged; some have even lost their jobs.
If you'd like to see more,
Creators beside myself who have contributed to this project include Alan Cowsill, Jimmy Broxton, Mike Allred, Natalie Abadzis, Nick Abadzis, Adrian Bamforth, Jasper Bark, Donna Barr, Jordie Bellaire, Paul H Birch, Bolt-01, Dan Boultwood, Mark Buckingham, Jim Campbell,
I hope you play along with us! I thought I would have a hard time getting in the Christmas mood, but I had a blast making this card! I just might play along in the next few weeks with those Jingle Belles! :)
PASS THE BATON OF FAITH AND GET OUT OF THE WAY. My goal is to stop running my kid's lives in the next decade. I could write for days in this concept, but bottom line is that I'm going to consciously continue to give them the chance to process through the "why" questions of life. I want to do less for them and equip them to do more. My greatest goal is for them to mature into thinking, passionate, and intentional followers of Jesus who have an adult faith and life. Getting there is a maze I might not be able to navigate, but I'm firmly setting my sights there regardless.
Alice stared at her surroundings. The sunlight was peeking in through her open window and offering no warmth. She had no visible signs of injury, and the red hooded coat she bought on the same trip to town was hanging up on her bedroom door, untarnished and intact.
囡囡～
I Resent the concept of negative or bad emotions, of the Shadow. I Resented, and feared my own resentment, and suppressed it from consciousness, as one of those bad emotions which it is bad to feel, and which have to be restrained and controlled. Whereas Resentment is a way I have of seeing that things are not as they ought to be, which might give me the energy to change them. How wonderful that when I did not consciously realise that there was anything wrong except in me, my unconscious, shadow, Organismic Self knew there was Wrong, and resented it.
Next Monday is Phoebe's first day back to school. We have a Meet the Teacher on Thursday afternoon and she'll get a haircut. I need to spend some time with her as it seems we are at the beginnings of cyberbullying age and I'm nipping it in the bud. I'll write more about it in another post after I get my facts from her "Wee World" account tonight, but let's say it seems she is the victim and I might be giving the mother a call. It is someone from school that she had issues with during the school year. She is also the girl that gave all the families head lice. I do feel for her as I believe her parents are getting divorced and that is why she moved to this school right after Christmas break this past year. At this time though, Phoebe is not allowed to go online until I get this all researched and decide what I'm going to do. If she is allowed back on, it will probably be with a new account and I'll want her to try to stay as anonymous as possible. I'm just hoping that these two girls are not in the same classroom this year. Phoebe has two close friends from last year and none of them have the same teacher this year. If this other girl is in her class, I will call the guidance counselor and ask to have her moved. We had issues in the classroom last year with the two of them (the guidance counselor has called me before on this), and I don't see it going away, so I'd rather make sure to ensure their education is not disrupted that they are kept apart in a classroom setting as much as possible. Does that sound professional enough? I think that's a good enough ask considering there are four 5th grade classrooms and they only interact during lunch, gym and recess. I'm hoping I can find out ahead of time and get it changed if I need to before the first day.
but I am so glad I caught this grin on film!!
If you have the time, please let me know what you think of the weekly planners. Is there anything that missing that you would like see? What about half sized planners? Is anyone looking for a 5.5x8.5 sized planner?
Annie turned quickly to find Coach Dan, who was two strips away from them, working with Kassandra, then turned back to Dr. Schmidt with wide eyes. No way, she said.
I got a whole bunch of stuff there for $10. And the gourds, LOVE them! Every year I can't
“The House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee said Wednesday that five employees associated with the recently scandal-plagued Government Services Administration went to Hawaii for up to a week in 2011 to attend an hour-long ribbon cutting on space leased by the federal government for the FBI.”
Thor: …He’s adopted
I laugh out loud at it every time I see it.
I used Rogue Redhead images from the Floriculture plate and used the color palate from the Rogue Redhead current challenge-Spring color palette for my designing. I used Ranger Distress inks, a paint pen and a Stardust Gelly Roll pen for my ATC. I used the sentiment from the set and left off the F when stamping- and added my own 'F' in calligraphy.
“After deeply investigating the server this breach occurred on we wish to reiterate that there is no evidence of data being copied or accessed on a wide scale.”John Strong , Managing Director at eUKhost Ltd said.
Buying a pork belly here is the first challenge. One grocery store I went to only had pork belly slices in the case- I had to ask the butcher to find me a whole one. He obliged, but when I got home I discovered that the pork belly had bones in it, which I wasn’t interested in. Lesson: one needs to specify that one wants a whole boneless pork belly. Another time I asked for a “whole pork belly” I literally got the whole pig belly: pig nipples and all. I’ll spare you further description, but suffice to say that you can’t be too specific when ordering a pork belly.
Most men understand they can not survive without women. Ladies, can you say the same about men? I hope so. The truth is we would die without each other.
How did you start 2009?
The wood was in pretty rough shape and needed refinishing. There were some water stains, some sun exposure stains, and some scratches and chips. I started by giving everything a good sanding with coarse grit sandpaper. I was hoping to simply refresh the wood with a bit of sanding and oil. However, I discovered that the top, sides, and front were made of different types of wood (the top and front were solid wood, but the sides were veneer). They were all different colors when I sanded them down, so I knew they would absorb the oil differently. Also, when I tested the oil on the top piece, it gave the wood a reddish undertone, which I was not a big fan of. So I resigned myself to the fact that I would have to re-stain the dresser after all. Unlike the cabinet, the finish came off this piece really easily with moderate sanding, which made me glad that this was the piece I decided to stain (that would have been a nightmare for the cabinet).
rain again
And we can find shelter ... in the shadow and under the wings ...
In less than a week, the impeachment trial will resume. Are you prepared?
permitted to come so forward as to mar the dominion of the Spirit of God
gave her boyfriend a hell of a fright.
The Lantern is a story that shows us things are not always what they seem, that our imagination can run away with us, and that things that seem spectral can often be logically explained. Unfortunately for me, it took way too long to develop so the realization of this was not met with the “light dawning in the window” fascination that I’m sure the author had hoped for.
Ask yourself these questions today:
Ethan sighs and says mildly, "Well I could tell them my sales pitch but to be honest I would rather just get on the phone and earn my commission." He looks around and adds, "Of course if anyone really does want to know more I am happy to let you listen to my calls or give you feedback on yours."
“Meet with Piper, OK?” Roland was beside him now, his voice calmly pleading into Marley’s ear. Almost begging.
I have already posted several of my Favorites' lists and and now I want to concentrate on my Favorite Restaurants of the past year. This is certainly not a complete list but it is more a sampling of memorable matters I have experienced and/or posted about over the past year. Some of the winners are the same as last year, and if so, I will provide a link to last year's list where you can read the details of that restaurant. Restaurants which are consistently good certainly deserve recognition, and I have tried to place their returning winners at the bottom of this post.
Yada, yada…
According to TMZ, the new location for Jackson Perfumes is expected to provide more foot traffic, a bigger space and is located next to popular restaurants.
Because I can turn around and think I'm better than you for something else.
The bulging cheek, filled with qat, is a common sight all over Yemen. The narcotic in the leaves gives one a mild buzz.
And I comforted her, her lip quivering. I have been there, little mama. I told her it was savable before she scribbled all over it. That before she decides to ruin the entire piece, she should stop and take a look at it. Step away. Come back. And she explained how she failed, what she did wrong in her drawing, how it stunk. And conversely, how she stinks at art. I held her and rocked her, and she cried her way through a self-critique. Then I said, "Well, it seems like you know exactly what you did wrong in that picture, so you can start another card for her and fix your errors. We all need practice. I know I draw ten pictures to make one that I like."
$231 Billion: Burden Of New Regulations Imposed In 2011. (American Action Network, 1/2/12)
No two homunculi looked the same, and to each was fixed an identity. Eight were physical manikins, known respectively as the king, queen, knight, monk, nun, seraph, miner, and architect, and clothes pertinent to their identities were manufactured for them. Each of these eight homunculi was fed with special pink tablets every 3-4 days, and their water was changed once a week. On at least one occasion, the 'king' homunculus escaped from his jar, and was earnestly trying to remove the seal on the jar housing the 'queen' when he was spotted by Count Kufstein's butler. Chased by Kufstein and the butler, the 'king' soon fainted from exposure to the air, and was put back inside his own receptacle.
One of the couple of evenings I spent in NYC I also visited Club Macanudo together with my friend David. Club Macanudo remains in my view one of the best places to enjoy a cigar - perfect atmosphere (large leather chairs and comfy sofas) combined with a good selection of food and drinks. Cigars offered are maybe not always the best (but if you want a good one, I recommend the Club Macanudo 1968) so we decided to enjoy something not on the menu...
Once the paint was partly dry, I peeled the freezer paper off. I am pretty impatient so I typically pull it off almost immediately. The advantage of waiting for the paint to dry first is that you don't have a huge piece of freezer paper to handle that has wet paint all over it (it can get messy!).
My goal for the Palestinian people would be to live in peace, to live in prosperity, to have the dignity of a state, to have freedom. and they can achieve it any morning they are prepared to say Israel has a right to exist, we give up the right to return, and we recognize that we’re going to live side-by-side, now let’s work together to create mutual prosperity.
* Get to my goal weight, which I think will be somewhere around 62-65kg. 2 rounds ago I had the long term 'goal' of 70kg, thinking it would take years to get there. I am currently at 68kg, and although I would be happy to not lose any more from my face/neck/chest area, I know we can't be picky like that, so if I am aiming to reduce more tummy etc, I have to continue to work out as I have been.
Here's how it's going to work:
but more often i wish i'd started much much sooner.
In addition to supporting as a gun boat the grav tanks provide cover saves for my vypers and jetbikes behind them- using the bulk of the model footprint to gain cover. Generally the energy shields and holofields will protect them, along with trying to force your opponent to shoot at more pressing models in your army.
As an aside I will briefly comment on the Three Mile Island thing. I’ve never understood why that was ever used as an example of the inherent riskiness of nuclear power despite showing that even when you fuck up every single thing when running a nuke station, you can’t even harm or kill a single person. If there was ever an example of how safe your modern station was -and how you wouldn’t get another Chernobyl-like event, thank you very much, mainstream media- this was it. But that, along with the release of the likes of The China Syndrome (!), literally destroyed the American nuclear industry, so they made do with dioxin poisoning from fossil-fuel burning plants instead.
When Colin arrived in Lockhart, he saw a real need for the school to reconnect with the community. He drew on local knowledge, and school attendance has increased from 72 % to somewhere in the mid 80s. He’s clearly very popular with his students, something he ascribes to their thirst for learning.
We had never stayed at Animal Kingdom Lodge, so I'd found out about Boma from my fellow Passporter buddies. They'd RAVED about it. I checked out the menu and wasn't sure what hubby would think. So I passed on it..for a couple trips. And then the one year I just said "I wanna go here. I'm sure there will be something he will eat, even if it's from the kid's buffet." My hubby is not a picky eater, by no means, but some of the menu scared him a bit.
- Loyalty - AGREED
AnnaMae was really being brave. Every time I turned around she was running up the main structure then bending over the deep holes that have ladders and such. I was sure she was gonna fall down and need stitches or something the way she was heading all over. Last time we came to this park she was barely walking so it wasn't as much fun as now when she's big enough to climb onto even the trickiest of things.
I think it’s quite an innovative concept, and I really wanted to share this with you.
What you have now is not your true reality, but one you have created over millennia of time since you dropped down from the higher dimensions. Not a single soul was forced to do so, and each and every one of you freely volunteered for the experience. You did so with complete faith knowing that however much you strayed from the Light, there would be a time when you would be called back and helped to do so. That time is of course now, and in a short time you will know for certainty that you are firmly on the path to Ascension, and that nothing can stand in its way or delay it. Can you not sense the difference already in the energies around you, as they have become more of the Light and so uplifting. Those of fear have been subdued, and when you obtain confirmation of the extent of the arrests and resignations of the dark Ones, that will also help you to live more peacefully.
We had a reservation for a late lunch and the place was still packed when we arrived and continued to be until just before we left (which made it difficult to wander around and take photos). As we were getting ready to leave, the staff was making preparations for the dinner crowd.
The lovely Beth
H and I spent a decadent afternoon together getting pampered at the Cow Shed. Then the night before the ceremony we kicked back, ate food, drank sparkling wine and watched Wood Allen.
The above picture is a blood red sunset taken in winter. If you plan to photograph sunrise here, wake up early and turn to the left side of the lake. Sunset is on the right side of the lake.
Excuses aside, it's been way too long. I thought these cookies would be the perfect thing to break the silence. A bit out of season, yes, but the 5-month-old bag of cranberries in the freezer was calling my name. I'm actually cheating a little bit, since this is the exact recipe I used for these lemon cookies, but with added cranberries that I thawed and sent through the food processor.
Those new paper towels in the men’s room are so thin, they’re practically toilet paper.
Each dogtag pendant has TWO different images - one on each side - so it's like having two paintings in one! They are fully metal, water-resistant and incredibly durable, no paper or adhesives, just solid aluminum. Be sure to click on each necklace listing to see what painting is on the reverse side!
In my next post I will have a short post on what to do when in spite of your above knowledge, you find yourself in the talons (via a tango embrace) of a vulture, and why an understanding of tango etiquette adds another layer of protection against the Tango Vulture.
For the next thirteen Summers, Treadwell camped in parts of Alaska where the amount of wild bear activity was at its highest. He called his first camping spot the “Grizzly Sanctuary” where day in and day out, he observed, photographed, and even touched and played with bear cubs. He did not carry any self-defence items, not even a can of bear mace (he did this once and used it once, and felt so horrible about the pain he caused the bear that he vowed never to do this again), and claimed that he was able to create a mutual friendship with the bears. Due to his camping in the same spot for many season, he saw many of the same bears every season, watched them grow up from bear cubs, even named them, and for these reasons firmly believed that he developed a friendly and respectful mutual relationship with them.
On the positive side, what started as an annoying day filled with those out-of-body experiences and visiting abroad impasses turned into 100% happiness. The sky and tree blossoms were brilliant. I had a Nutella crepe. I met Michael on the Pont des Arts and we walked until we got to La Belle Hortense, where we caught up over wine until it was time to meet Mel at the Gilbert & George opening at Ropac. We passed Suzy Menkes in the street and then bumped into friends. The vernissage was jammed and fun. Then Mel and I went to Cafe Charlot, where the prices have skyrocketed and the food and service remain the same level of irresistibly mediocre, and it was all perfect.
;and the Opposition will likely be scattered.
While the mixture heats, combine the milk, cornstarch, milk powder, lemon juice, and vanilla extract in a small bowl, and stir until smooth and both of the powders have dissolved.
1 The 39 Steps
South Africa was uniquely singled out for criticism. Not a word was said about the enslavement of the Pygmies in the Central African republics, yet the public yelled "Apartheid!" every time an Afrikaner showed up at an international event. The Chinese occupation of Tibet concerned no one, but the South African treatment of nonwhites --who enjoyed freedoms Tibetans could never dream of, either then or now-- was severely chastised.
If you have any questions about the tutorial, please e-mail me at anytime.
-All week you just want time alone, but when your husband takes the kid on Saturday, you don't know what to do with yourself
decorative scissors
From the previous articles on money, combining everything will give us the Wealth Formula, the secret to wealth creation. Knowing the allies and the enemies of money and knowing what to do with them will help us create our wealth.
As she was still in mid-rant, she heard a tap on her window and looked up into the face of a very serious police officer. The officer ordered her to exit her car with her hands up.
even my own blood. especially my own blood.
Marine mammals coming back to the Salish Sea
"QR Codes are barcodes for information. Using your free QR code reader I want you to figure out what kind. You have 7 minutes to figure out what is encoded in these secret messages taped up on the wall. Go!" Step 4: Learning to Use QR Codes
11And I saw a great white throne, and him that sat on it, from whose face the earth and the heaven fled away; and there was found no place for them.
Right. With a nice enough lad, but not the one I really want. Neil is such a handsome fella, the only one who isn’t afraid to knock me on my duff when we spar. Sounds like true love to me. Do you see him often?
Another interesting example of the irreducibly complex organs in living things is the human ear.
Ashley, Ty’s sometime girlfriend, the sexy control freak - just such fun to write.
Useability
While I was in Jamaica I noticed that nearly every house had a clothes line. So when I mentioned it to our tourist guide, she told me that her doctor recommended line drying for good health. Makes sense since the sun offers vitamins and kills germs.
I wanted this to be a bright yellow gold, so I picked sunny Y13 as my base color. In real life this is probably way too bright, but it works for me. My image is fairly small, so rather than leave lots of highlights I know I'm going to come back with my opaque white to brighten up at the end.
U.S. Government Printing Office
any stretch of the imagination. Yet... it will be an interesting change and one we
This plea would have hopefully gone on a crowdfunding site (and hopefully will when technology stops being horrible to me), but I've been trying with two for over an hour now and can only conclude that I am at the centre of some kind of conspiracy because they keep going wrong.
They call him Snack Man.
our c-section was booked for 7:45am and we were to arrive at the hospital at 5:45am to get prepped, etc. the night before was surreal. i was sitting on the couch with mr. wannabe and gigantor (as he was fondly referred to as back then) was moving around like crazy ... it was almost as though he knew it was getting close to his time to break out and he wanted me to remember how awesome it was to feel him wiggling around. i was pretty wired that night and didn't get to sleep until about midnight and our alarms went off at 4am. in the morning i was unusually calm. the only thing i was worried about was getting the spinal. i didn't give a shit about the fact that dr. love was cutting me open. strange.
"THE ENCHANTED WORLD OF FERRANTE AND TEICHER" is the definitive exposition of this self-same trade mark. Here are even dozen superlative performances in the grand style that has made their fame and fortune. Share "THE ENCHANTED WORLD OF FERRANTE AND TEICHER" for it is a delightful world chock-full of the wonderful music that has made this talented team a household word throughout the globe.
-With only 1/2 cup honey the muffins will be subtly, even faintly sweet. I would definitely add 1/4-1/2 cups Sugar in the Raw according to taste.
I had been trying to come up with a yummy new grilled cheese for the family. I was reading a pull out from my Everyday with Rachael Ray and they had 50...yes 50 different grilled cheese ideas in it!!! Many of which I knew my gang would never go for (I really wanted to do a brie with pear) so I decided to go with this one. Although it was a hard sell with Kevin (as I have said he doesn't like meals with no meat) but in the end, between the soup and the sammie, he actually said he didn't miss the meat!!
Ah yes, because our big mistake was attending a meeting in early October to try and deal with the balcony building bastards in an amicable and civil manner. This apparently sealed our fate. By trying to find a solution, we'd inadvertently given some sort of implied consent to the sale (like one implies consent to molestation by wearing a short skirt?).
And from the front… corset is invisible under the bodysuit and holds the heart cutout in place nicely.
After this early success Bob Andy quit the group, and the Paragons abandoned their soulful sound to become the most popular rocksteady act in Jamaica, but disagreements over money led to the band's break-up in 1970. Of the band's other members, only John Holt went on to have a significant solo career.
- Base price on retired/exclusiveness of stamps
3/4 cup Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey
tests were to be run again.
I was sitting in front of my laptop the other afternoon and suddenly a little face came in front of me making a very serious statement; ‘Mom, I am very hungry and I want something tasty and less ordinary to eat.’ Well, how about that! One might say that I have a spoiled child. Perhaps, I do, but the last ‘unspoiled’ children I know were the von Trapp children in the ‘Sound of Melody’ lol. Well, mine is not like them, I could say he is totally the opposite. But then again, I don’t have a whistle, I never thought of that. Perhaps, I must get one, what do you think?
John Turturro, with his black suit, goatee and sunglasses, plays a nicer, more neurotic version of Phil Spector, the legendary record producer and pioneer of the Wall of Sound production technique, mixed with Don Kirshner, a rock producer who gave Neil Diamond and Carole King their starts. Of all the men that pass in and out of Denise’s life, he is a consistent presence and the voice of reason, constantly reminding her about her considerable talent while never candy-coating his opinions on her music or her life. He plays a flashy personality and one of the film’s pleasures is watching how he plays off of Douglas. There is a wonderful scene between them where Denise apologizes for her first single leading to Joel’s financial ruin but he dismisses that notion, reminding her that she wrote his first hit and many after as well as inspiring him to take chances he would have never done otherwise. It a touching moment between the two characters – one in which we see Joel let his guard down for moment and in doing so it reveals a lot about him. It is so rare that Turturro plays nice, decent guys and so it is a real treat to see him refreshingly cast against type in this film.
Our top three was hard again to choose because we had so many awesome entries. The design team has chosen these three cards as our Top Three:
In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. He was with God in the beginning.
William Shatner: "Well, he uses up the old one!" This is another merchandising/audio oddity that demonstrates just how much of a phenomenon Star Trek reruns had become, almost ten years after it originally aired on network television. In '76, Trek creator Gene Roddenberry recorded an all-talk, long-playing album about the creation of the television series and its impact on both his life and on popular culture. It included interviews with William Shatner, DeForest Kelly and science fiction author Isaac Asimov, a discussion of the character of Spock, with input from Mark Lenard, in-character as Sarek, and was spiced-up with plenty of authentic sound effects from the show. It also featured one of the best recordings/arrangements of the Trek theme I've ever heard.
dance to music,
I recommend this anime if you’re a fan of CLAMP or just like cute girls with innocent intentions.
I don't usually buy low-end items from junky-quality stores second-hand, but this XXI cardigan was really cute on and fills a hole in my wardrobe nicely.
56. Been pushed into a pool with all your clothes? - No, but I've fallen into a few marshy bog-type puddles in my time to aproximate the same result.
Sure there were some nice beers, most of which I had the Hood River fest, I thought the Laurelwood Fresh Nuggs really stood out and the Deschutes Fresh Hop Mirror Pond was very subpar. Overall I just want to see a fall beer festival on the size scale of Holiday Ale or Spring beer... Please?
Our first choice was the seared tuna sandwich. On a soft, sweet roll, rare strips of gorgeous pink tuna were heaped with a thick bedding of tender baby spinach and a brightly contrasting, sweet ginger aioli, which I loved. On the side was a small pile of sweated shallot, which I added to the sandwich, not knowing if they were just an optional topping or meant to go with my side salad. Each pleasurable mouthful melted away effortlessly. I instantly devoured the entire thing, which was not huge but certainly an adequate size.
“You have a choice. Death or Moobli?” (Why the Chief speaks English, I don’t know.)
So here’s how I do what I do. I use pancake mix, because I’m lazy and it’s better than I could make from scratch. By the way, why is it called “scratch“? That just sounds wrong. Even though I use a mix, I add an extra egg, and I use almond milk in the place of water. I also add a touch of cinnamon and a few spoon fulls of ground flax. So don’t judge me for using a mix, OK, I make it feel made-from-scratchy.
7. You don’t have to love it. I’m the first audience that needs to be pleased.
Trying to find a poem to work with, I decided to go with one by my first favorite poet, A.A. Milne.
I used to shape them quite thin and never used pencil or shadow on them. I think I started coloring my eyebrows last year and I've been doing it ever since. I don't really go out without making them pretty :)
The day was cool, the breeze felt as though it were travelling to us from the southern parts of Australia, skimming our snowy mountains and bringing the icy cold with it to our subtropical home. The view from my window held a grey sky. Autumn showers were on their way, either later today or tomorrow we thought they would arrive. My hands were warm in the hot soapy water of the kitchen sink as I washed the morning dishes. Washing dishes was a chore I enjoyed during the cooler months in autumn and winter.
Humbled as human,
And here is my inspiration for the same..... I hope I have justified this technique, as it was totally new to me, though I have enjoyed using sprayers of any kind in & around home, since childhood.... :D
In the meantime, we visited various beautiful Brussels houses and buildings over the month of October, during the Art Nouveau Biennale http://www.voiretdirebruxelles.be/biennale, wonderful idea by the various organizations that promote "heritage" tourism in Brussels. Next edition will be 2011 if interested.
O my sweet ….!
I am currently reading The Unconsoled by Kazuo Ishiguro, which is puzzling and confounding and has me thoroughly intrigued. I ended up mooching a ton of books this month, so my “to read” pile has again grown very tall. Will I ever get around to reading all these books?
I have boxes full of craft kits, embellishments, papers etc which have sat there for so long I can't even remember buying them!!! Thats a true sign of addiction!!! These items are so old that I cannot even find any inspiration for using them anywhere on the net. But I'm determined that they are not going to be wasted and that I can revamp this vintage stock into modern masterpieces - fingers crossed.
GEENA DAVIS (THE ACCIDENTAL TOURIST)
I'm constantly taken by surprise by what I fall in love with.
By Mike Warren
I am glad for this new muse. I am grateful that my pain, my loss finally has a voice. But I am sad to say a final goodbye to that muse of hope and possibility, the muse that made the world something of light and wonder.
So last night, I tried to go to Budo. That was a majorly stupid idea. The going part wasn’t stupid, but the trying to train part certainly was. After 30 minutes, I was already sitting out and feeling totally sick and tired. I’ve been fine all week, so I’m blaming this 100% on the MS and the weather.
So if you get any requests to fuck from my number today, please let me know ASAP. I need to get this straightened out. Fast. I’d rather not change my phone number as it’s kind of like branding.
The church is the people, not the institution. It’s appropriate in many contexts to refer to the institution or organization as a or the church, but the church by theological definition is the people of God in Jesus Christ, global or local.
Ever frantically search for a rubber band to keep from losing one single page of the third copy of your favorite book? (Okay, for me that book is Barbara Hambly’s “The Ladies of Mandrigyn” from Del Rey, 1984, ISBN 0345309197)
Thanks for reading! I hope you have a great weekend!
However tempted you are by the enzo ferrari photos of current technology. The FXX owes much to the enzo ferrari screensaver of the enzo ferrari images. Although they were built in limited numbers, Fiat can charge what it likes for this thing. Factor a few grand over the enzo ferrari pch an extra process, which most buyers did not like in the enzo ferrari totaled are the enzo ferrari photos, making our busy driver miserable as he tries to save his life on the race track.
Try not to think of your new eating habits as “going on a diet,” instead, think of it as a lifestyle change. Adding more fruits, vegetables and whole grains to your diet and cutting back on animal protein, saturated fat and cholesterol are good for you no matter what your age. Creating a healthful diet that you can stick to throughout your life will help you achieve and maintain your desired weight, and losing even 10% of your body weight will lower your blood pressure and reduce your risk of diabetes.
That, at least, had implications Rel liked the sound of. "Some sort of weapon? Something we could use against them?"
Let me drift off to sleep
2010.08.30 Afghanistan Jalalabad 1 3 The Taliban assassinate a local official with a bomb.
Sparks moved to New York City and worked as a session musician for Blue Note and Prestige Records. As part of the burgeoning soul-jazz scene of the late 1960s and early 1970s, Sparks often backed organists like Jack McDuff, Dr. Lonnie Smith and Charles Earland. Sparks released his debut album, Sparks!, for Prestige in 1970.
One of our other challenges is the afternoons when the wee ones get home from school. There is a lot they have to do, and we sometimes struggle to get it done without ... issues. Either the wee ones can't figure out what they're supposed to do. Or they whine that everything will take forever. Or they claim that they've done something but really forgot. Or they simply don't want to do it at all.
sewing stuff
05 Pin - Libel (The Lost Book Mix) (5:54)
Later today you will find ATCs for The Stamp Man swap and the early evening will see my first contribution to the Unruly PaperArts Blogozine, so I hope you will come back again to see me.
We are filthy; He is Radiantly White
It is no accident that women still earn 77 cents on the male dollar. The other 23 cents go to our unpaid, unsung attention to mothering and family care of all kinds.
Trans fatty acids: Also know as trans fats has finally been shown to the majority of the public as being public enemy#1 and with good reason! Trans fats are created through the hydrogenation process that I talked about above. Trans fats are used to make overly processed food taste yummier. Which is why you can never just have one bite, it’s so unnatural tasting that it makes our taste buds go haywire!
I worked the last couple of days with the new kid we recently hired. I've been pretty impressed with him honestly. He's pretty sharp and nothing like the "Worthless Co-Worker" he replaced. He informed me yesterday that his girlfriend dumped him the day before Valentine's day. I momentarily felt bad about this until he told me the reason for the dump. Apparently she doesn't want to move to the other side of the state with him for a new job he accepted. His last day is an undetermined day next week. The boss, who has been off the last two days, has yet to be informed. That will happen today I guess. I don't see him staying beyond this weekend because the new place that hired him wants him "immediately" and he's raring to go. Since I'm off today and tomorrow I'm guessing Saturday will actually be his last day.
The final aspect, is the value of mistakes. When we are focused on outcome and on 'good' work, we are dismissing the learning potential, and the fun, of doing something 'badly'.
But GameDev Story… sweet Jesus. I decided to buy it outright as I’d heard good things and I doubt I’d be disappointed, and to be honest I felt professionally compelled to see what the fuss was about. I just didn’t expect to get so hooked. The power of managing your own studio, putting out games, levelling up your dudes… it’s all so intoxicating. And it was funny to watch the scores come in as well, and get a taste of what it must be like to be on the receiving end. I wonder if there was deliberate social commentary there or whether it was designed that way simply for simplicity’s sake – scores seem to have no impact on sales what so ever, and are only relevant in getting a game into the ‘Hall of Fame’ (which allows you to make a ‘sequel’, which to me is kind of a poor gameplay mechanic, but whatever).
A little while ago, my hubby and I were doing some thrift store shopping. I was on the mission to find some equipment for the "mud pie kitchen" that I've been wanting to set up for my daughter. I was scouring the racks of miscellaneous items when I found it... the find of the century... a Fisher Price digital camera.
Her blog looks like it is just starting out, and I am so excited to stalk her daily!
Despite the limited nature of the packet, I think I see several core mechanical design choices that I am really really digging.
“The Message is a multi-platform (book + documentary + web + events) project by Naomi Klein and Avi Lewis.
When I think of my father, the first word that comes to mind is noose. It’s unfortunate that his death overpowers his life so, but trauma latches on to your brain center and leeches all the joy out of you.
1) When you are told the product that you're supposed to advertise, try asking yourself, "Why do I care about this product?"
Also, my old church in upstate New York sets up and tears down weekly.... a fashion blogger who goes to that church posted some art work she did for Easter Sunday. Isn't it pretty?
Fantastic news! The Society of Independent Brewers (SIBA) has been honoured by Brewdog. "Welcome aboard" we say.
I did this 5k in 24:21, still longer than any of my times in the summer, but I’m ok with it, winter running is a work in progress and I’m just happy to be seeing that progress. I’m quite happy to have my time down 2 1/2 minutes from the first measured run, and at least in a comparable realm as the summer runs. If I can have a winter run time even close to my summer times, then this summer meeting that 20 minutes 5k goal should prove quite plausible.
At the funeral of a friend.
I have a lovely day tomorrow as I am going to Ally Pally. Never been to this show before so I am really looking forward to it. The only difficulty will be deciding what to buy or not. Trouble is I want everything lol.
"Why do I even bother spanking you? It does no good" He's laughing.
“Had Johnnie Fauquier been an American,” observes Pat MacAdam, “Hollywood might have passed over Audie Murphy, Congressional Medal of Honour winner and United States’ most decorated soldier, for star treatment. The movie “To Hell and Back,” which starred Audie Murphy himself, told the story of his heroism.
While many of my stories have had some humor, or some strange angle to them, there is still some general success in them, and none of them make me look nearly as bad as this one. But, if you can’t laugh at yourself, you’re doing something wrong. While this may not have been one of my finest hours, I’m sure many of you will get a kick out of it. Also, this is the first story of mine that does not take place in a sexual situation. I guess I’m expanding my repertoire a bit. This story is from June 2010.
1 converting
superstition's deathbed bride
Also Sports in an Equal Money System will be available to all and no longer be an exclusive privilege to those with money. A mentioned sports in our current system can be quite expensive to get into as a child and as one move along in the ranks it becomes increasingly more and more expensive, which ultimately weed out the poor from having a chance at all to compete against those with money.
Along with the classic thirties reprints I got a paperback fulla mid-seventies strips which sorta put the cherry on toppa the nice and gooey BLONDIE sundae I've been indulging myself in this past week or so. THE BEST OF BLONDIE might not be exactly that, but it does contain a nice selection of mid-sevenites strips which is fine by me considering how the seventies seemed to be the final era in which the old standbys were intermingling with the new upstarts which I never could wrap my psyche around. Still pumping on all cylindars, these comics surprisingly show BLONDIE to be a top-notch effort even though the strip hadn't changed much other'n in developing a finer style than it had even in the thirties. And as the times changed so did the strip if ever-so-slightly...like with the Bumstead kids now teens the infamous Elmo began turning up as the neighborhood waif who always pops in on Dagwood when he's taking his bath! Other'n that much of the same quirks and qualities of BLONDIE remains constant...nice smooth gags that like the best old-timers continue to catch you by surprise, clean and crisp artwork, and yet another good item in your life that connects you to a childhood that you kinda wish never did go away even with all of the indignities and insults you hadda put up with. It's kinda like if you had some relatives who were living in some old house the family owned for a good many years, and it was still furnished the same way it was in the late-thirties only with a few modern appliances like a tee-vee and air conditioner inna window changing the effect just a little. And y'know, once you go in you can remember what you were doing back in 19XX when you were a kid and aunt so-n-so served you some lemonade. Yeah, that's what reading these BLONDIEs is like, and though the strip of today ain't quite the same (I blame it on the ever-shrinking size which can't develop in three panels the same rhythm it did in four) it does make one feel tingly inside knowing that the family's stil there'n intact, societal mores be danged!
the assignment is not to chase the infinite answer
This is a Paper Nation set I've had for ever, not really into decoupage, but I must admit, this looks great. The letters are tarnished metal- I'd forgotten I'd got them to be honest, but they fit the gap just right!
Watching his shows and looking very drowsey
I had to order this cute little cross stitch pattern. I went through my basket where I keep my embroidery supplies and found this vintage cross stitch fabric, I'm going to make it up using this! I'm going to have to make a stop at the craft store to get my thread and then I'm getting right to this :)
Eventually we are all back at the van. Groceries loaded. A disobedient five-year-old also buckled into his seat. I hold his hand while he screams. And that's when my son had told me that the groceries may not be where I want them but they're in.
What do you think of the blue instead of black? Do you think it's too "pretty"? I have to admit, the more we styled, the less macabre it got. Then of course the models were just too much fun... kind of ruined the melancholy. So we had Dylan read 'the Raven'. Poe is always good for quelching mirth. Can you spot the wee spider that came to play? It looks a bit like an elderberry with legs :) We had some fun in the graveyard as well with the bridesmaids... I will post more later today.
I was sick! I started getting sick on Sunday late afternoon and Monday I went to the dtr. Last night I had a 102 temperature and I was miserable! I have not had a fever that high in years! It is a virus going around here in our city. You have a fever for 2 days! I'm on antibiotic for my throat because they were concerned I might be getting strep. I feel better today and I'm thankful!! I finally bought the new Nikki Sivils Messages collection! This is one of my favorites of her new collections so I had to buy it! I did not show all the papers of either collections. I also bought a few items from the Beatrice collection! Isn't the tree mini album adorable! One day I plan on creating with it!! I have a project in mine for the Messages collection but I'm working on a special project right now that I can not share for about another week! Love Nikki Sivils corduroy brads!! I found some canvas trim that I can't wait to try soon too! I decided that I need to reorganize my stamps and below you will see the before and after!
The really scary thing is that four hours later, I thought, hmm, I should buy some bread to eat for dinner with the duck pate in the fridge.
Last Friday, April 20th, the therapist (a.k.a. my husband) woke me up to tell me that he couldn’t find Joshua. Now anyone who knows us well wouldn’t be shocked that our seven year old escape artist was M.I.A.
5. band introduction & more interview with Steve
See full article at The Playlist »
Stay tuned, it’s a beauty of a day so I’m on our way…
The matter brought forward by the Flemish manifesto that not only ordained people who abstain from sex can bless the bread of the Lord’s Supper and say “This is my body” after which they may hand out the symbol of Christ his Body and Sacrifice is for the conservative Catholics also degrading the Holy Sacrament and blasphemy. *
It's not a compliment. In the past rotundity may have been a sign of beauty for Tahitian women but the Western world has seeped in too deeply and now most people would prefer to be skinny. But the conversation starter has stuck and, unless you look almost sickly thin, or you're a known athlete, people will probably tell you you've put on weight or at least "haven't got any fatter." In a way it's like saying you look healthy and happy even though you're not going to win any beauty pageants.
I no longer recognise the city where I was born.
The only reason Rupert Murdoch is ‘not fit’ to run News International is because he is cunning, manipulative, exploitative and vile (how’s that for name calling?) and should not have been allowed, let alone continue, to exert influence over a large chunk of our media. Murdoch and News Corp are the tiger that came to tea then launched an invasion!
Many thanks to John Rivis, Sophie Dickerson and Stephen Cook for the use of images from their personal collections.
In one of the raised beds the Littlest Gardener and I sprinkled in a Fairy Mix packet of seeds. Unfortunately all that came up was lots of Candytuft and this one beautiful pink Poppy. From looking at the seed list on the packet, I think this is a Corn Poppy (Papaver rhoeas). I will be saving seeds and if I have enough I'll share with whoever else wants some.
This little dude showed up at our back deck for a bite. At first, without my glasses, and looking through the kitchen window (which is in bad need of cleaning), I thought it was a wood pecker.
“Your Lordship will be familiar with the ancient case of Pot versus Kettle” One of the defendant barristers speaking in court in London today, claiming that Paddy McKillen has acted in no better a manner than the Barclay brothers or Derek Quinlan in dealings related to the Maybourne group of hotels
I`ve been on a couple of trips, and found it so hard to get back into my stamping room!
The Shaman
Women of all ages, colors, sizes crowd around mother and child. The baby, in her light purple sweatsuit, is definitely a rock star. She loves the faces surrounding her, the attention, the laughter and arms reaching out to touch her.
Blazes with color and then calms down
What a blessing this week: too many saints, not enough time for the goody-blessings. I have to time-manage to be in the radiant energy of these saints.
Plan of Action:
It's fair to say that this just might be my dream house. (We'll see, right?)
We only went to one ride though.
Thankfully writer’s block is something you work through and around. The ideas and philosophy I’m about to share with you come from Julia Cameron’s “The Artist’s Way” and can be applied to all creative activities like painting, dance, singing and so on. The book is an intensive twelve week course you can do by yourself or with a group to unblock yourself creatively. If you can, go buy this book. The tools listed here to help with writer’s block are no substitute for the course itself but are useful none the less.
Amazon listing this book for 4-8 year olds.
My cat, he sometimes put his paw on my shoulder to see if I am alright or to see if we will have another Party at 3am. *A
I found this vintage Sarah Coventry necklace at a yard sale for $1.00. I loved the shape of the pendant but the gold tone was wearing off. It was hard to capture in photos, but it looked really worn out, in the way only cheap jewellery can. Not pretty.
These are my practice bracelets in Right Angle Weave. I made these using the very first pattern from Stitch Workshop: Right Angle Weave.
I noticed how much my voice shaken, I could feel the heat escaping my collar curling the hairs under my neck. Yet I remained cool, nonchalant leaning on the car door while I spoke with dispatch.
scratched background stamped spool. the lace is vintage. this ones about 5 1/2" x 4 1/2" in real life.
2. What is one of your earliest memories? I don't know if it's from a memory or from seeing pictures of myself when I was younger. But I would have to say the earliest my memory takes me is about elementary school age. I see photos from before that I don't really remember, like the first house I lived in that we moved from when I was three. I remember how I felt when my younger sister was born, and I remember a crush I had when I was in grade school. When we were at the graduation dance for 5th grade all our classmates kept pushing us together so we would dance! LOL!
They come from a superluminal embedded structure, a microlith congregation of consciousness takes place
This morning a UFO I was designing several years ago was refound lingering under the table in the UFO pile. Sheesh, now why did I give that up? Oh yea, the gauge is wrong. Well that can easily be fixed. So before I knew it the too big part was frogged, the partial pattern revised and it all got stuffed into my carry bag. Now I feel better.
Hank looked up at the black youngster. He seemed to be about the same age as himself.
We will be discussing among other things:
Stopping in to be thankful tonight. I am thankful for so many things in life.
Palate: Again smooth grain, candied nuts, dry sherry, a less sweet/dryer Ron Zacapa 23. Pine, gentle oak, fresh roast java. Quite smooth and drinkable at 65.5 per cent. Water brings out sweet spiced rum of the highest quality.
Chris – 74 (30.83%)
The looks below don't really incorporate any technique at all. All I've done is layer a top over a dress.
It is this same culture of entitlement and absolute lack of any economic evolution by indigenous black Africans that still manifest today as violent crime in modern societies all over the planet. It is a congenital peculiarity of blacks that no amount of integration into western societies will eradicate, maybe refine a little to give the illusion of similar levels of sophistication as western societies but never eradicate, as is amply evidenced by people like Mugabe who wears a suit, is by Western standards eminently civilized and educated with SEVEN university degrees – look what he did to Zimbabwe for all his western style sophistication and education – exactly what his ancestors have done throughout their history. He has plundered, murdered and pillaged to acquire what he wanted because he simply knows no other way despite his westernization.
hah. the most prominent one! during my preschool year, i spent my free time after tadika at my father's office. there, i was exposed to 'the triple play plus language package'. it compiles a cd, with italian, english and other languages lessons. i remember how i play the english-oriented games with my dad.
Also I noticed by using Google images that AMBET uses the word zero in one of its products: 'Antarctica sub zero' for beers and thus sugesting a cold beer -- yet nothing to do with 'zero sugar'
So as I leave this place in a mere 72 hours, I look solely to God, knowing His goodness. God is good all of the time and I know that He brought me here and He guided my hand and He is guiding me even know as I write this piece. And I am reminded of a saying that my mom used to say:
6:40 p.m. Drive to pool. (This despite the fact that we live 3 blocks from this pool. Yes, I know this is terrible. Did I mention that I had already put in a full day of work? Bite me.)
We may have got many degrees from best of the schools; our parents may be well known; all these do not hold water.
To start, answer the following statement.
This bag looks like it's here to stay - would you agree? - which is always a plus when deciding on a new bag because I can't afford in-today-out-tomorrow type things. It looks surprisingly good with skirts. I especially like it on Sarah Jessica Parker. And if Olivia Palermo has ditched her Hermes Birkin for a Mulberry (she has several, in fact), and Kate Middleton has one, then Mulberry has got to be a must-have!
I was on a roll; and that’s dangerous actually – somehow I had the temerity to unthinkingly complain “only knowing about this session being held today, quite late”. Stupid, stupid!… The judge glanced back at some previous note, noticed `something’ and asked that embarrassing question of: Why I did not attend the session on 31 Dec .
known on earth; for the Jews rejected Jesus Christ’s Absolute Command as well.
That if we didn't live in a so called democracy, Maggie Thatcher would have been called a tyrant.
The land, now under the ownership of the greater Bordeaux council (Communauté Urbaine de Bordeaux), was originally earmarked for a new fire station, but surveys have shown the land is subject to flooding, so any form of new construction has been vetoed. There is talk of a scenic park being created but, in the meantime, all that remains is an ageing gate, a padlocked fence and what appears to be the decapitated former front walls and bricked-up entrances of neighbouring residential buildings, where surviving clues include long-since disused letterboxes and foot-rails for visitors to scrape dirt off their shoes.
There are challenges, like finding the best way to photograph my items. I love photography, but taking pictures & editing them for Etsy is definitely the most time consuming task I deal with. I hope to eventually attain some sort of continuity in lighting & style so that my storefront has a cohesive look to it. That might be the Libra in me constantly striving for balance ... or maybe just the lingering side-effects of too many years in retail.
Fold your fabric in half length wise with the right sides together and stitch your seam using a 1/4 in seam.
Maternity clothes? Still not quite a necessity.
In all of the chaos from finals, moving, and NYC, I forgot I had just gotten over acute tonsilitis. I cured myself with mouth wash and salt water, not antibiotics included. Therefore, singing at the top of my lungs probably was not the best idea.
The third section of the "Forestfloor" begins with an amplified version of the buzz originally heard at the end of the second song, along with drone guitars that seem to be even further detuned and low-pitch than the first two sections. This track appears to have a bit more echoing involved, and the electronics sound like animals, clouds, wind, and insects (often at the same time). But these are not pleasant elements of nature; instead, they are enraged and violent, both at each other and at any individual foolish enough to stumble into their domain.
As to the actual setting, well, as soon as you decide to write fiction involving a dinosaur, you’re faced with a couple questions.
*offer valid till end of june
As a fan I also listen and watch sports television and I've been a fan of Michael Landsberg for quite a while. He is the host of the TSN sports show, Off the Record, and was the host of the game last night!
"I do, thank you, and may it long remain vigilant."
- 1/4 teaspoon table salt
Celebrities with an Oblong face: Sarah Jessica Parker and Denzel Washington.
Most importantly , the book was the single greatest factor in opening the eyes of countless Americans (especially in the north) to the evils of slavery. Upon meeting Harriet Beecher Stowe, Lincoln is supposed to have said (perhaps apocryphally) “So you’re the little lady who started this great big war)”. Let it never be forgotten that the villain of the piece is the cruel, sadistic, aforementioned slave-owner Simon Legree. He is the villain and we hate him. That much is unambiguous.
Have a terrific weekend and
-Abigail
I know...its been AGES since we put something up... but I was making this over the weekend as a gift, and thought it would make a good project, so here it is. (there is a couple more things I plan to add to it including a scrolly thing at the top etc., but am waiting on them arriving via post so have put it up without them)
Am planning for a real baking session soon, for a surprise!! Praying hard nothing will come and disrupt my plans... Look out for my next post.
For when I'm scared that I've lost my way,
I guess I have two separate arguments, really… The first is that Titanic isn’t a good movie, and the second is that Titanic is the worst movie ever made.
“Those horses are not normal,” I replied before moving away furtively.
On the evening of that first day of the week, when the doors were locked, where the disciples were, for fear of the Jews,
