Oatmeal is one of my favourite ingredients to bake with and I wanted to make a cake that would taste really...well, oaty. So in short, I wanted to make a soft flapjack in the shape of a cake. The problem with this though is that I can't call it a flapjack - because I don't want it to sound like a pancake to those who read this from the other side of the pond.
January 4 the doorbell rang. UPS delivered a small box.
Vance Patterson (REP) 19.57% 580
But artificial means set aside God’s design--and we don’t get to do that.
The life of the sons and daughters of God is a life in the Spirit. This is not a belief system, not rules, not buildings or services, not times or patterns of living. Our life in Jesus is free, holy, whole, loving, life-giving and triumphant. It is a life lived in union with God. It is the Father’s life manifest through you into the world.
I look around at the world and i hate what has happened.
Now that Christmas is in it's last hours .. I've already started thinking about what to paint next - large canvases! The past couple of weeks I've painted some 6x6 and 8x8 canvas, but I'm itching to paint a larger piece...so I'm breaking out my large canvases and I'm excited to see what comes of it.
Fun Colorway for a Gloomy Day!
- Payroll deduction
A day at the day spa
After visiting the boardwalk, we got back on the road and headed south towards Jasper National Park. Several friends and family had told us in the past how beautiful these areas are, and they weren't exaggerating!
No tools.
the number of trend lines led to the same place,
The business must demonstrate that they are conserving water by keeping track of water sources and consumption. Its practices and equipment may need to be modified — or new technology installed — in order to reduce water consumption or to avoid contamination of springs and rivers on and near the property. The business should have the proper permits for water use, treat wastewater and monitoring of water quality.
I was SO THANKFUL for Sheryl at this point as she stood by me, prayed with & over me and Amara, helped me breathe and push through the contractions, and saw me at my rawest moments!
Armed with the facts, and I imagine a fair amount of ire, she confronted the owners with the situation: why was her assistant making more money than she was? The owners were perplexed. “Because he has a family to take care of, Cleo,” they said. “So do I,” was my mothers reply. And with that she quit. The story was a defining moment in my young life. I saw that women were not always treated fairly in the world and the recourse left to my mother was only to quit. Equal pay for equal work was not yet a concept on the political radar.
Just hoping that no one reads this.
In these days of companies…leaning out…or working with shorter staffs…absenteeism…can be a problem…
To make matters worse, the government squandered it last chance to make amends when it rushed through amendments to the elections law in the wee hours of the morning last Friday like a thief in the night. The amendments now make independent monitoring of elections even more difficult, thus increasing the probability of another Stolen Mandate by the ruling coalition.
This is borne out on the night, as pensioners stand close to the stage while some of Iceland's hip
Hello dear readers, my name is Craig and I welcome you to my story. I came to New York City in August of 2001 with no job, no family, no friends, and no place to stay. The buzzing metropolis of NYC has brought out the best in me as I now have my own condo and an ever expanding awareness of fashion and photography. I was adopted as a baby boy of just six months from an expatriate American family in Guatemala. From there, we moved to Chicago, to Des Moines, to Buffalo, to Toledo, to Columbus....so I'm a midwesterner at heart. But I love the big city life of New York and couldn't imagine myself living anywhere else in the United States. The inspiration for altamira has been in me for a couple of years already, even before I started the site. If you've ever been to Paris and experienced the style scene near the Etienne Marcel Metro station, you'll see the area where I first began taking photos of people back in May of 2006. I waited a year until I decided to finally start altamira. The name ALTA MIRA actually is derived from the caves in Spain. When literally translated, it means, "High View"--of NYC. Thank You for stopping by and hope to "see" you again soon.
I've never been a Britney fan. I'm not into her genre. As a matter of fact, have some lack of respect for the genre, but I'm big enough to admit that she was a helluva performer. It wasn't only her dancing ability or her team of image consultants or her fabulous pre-pregnancies figure that made her so famous and shot her to the top. It was her 'star quality'. You either have it or you don't. It can't be bought, it can't be learned, it just is....and she just oozed it.
Anyone who thought the beer blogosphere was getting a bit stale needs to read this superb post by Mark Dredge on Pencil and Spoon entitled RIP: the Pub. As I’ve mentioned in the comments, it bears a number of similarities to a piece I wrote a few years ago called The Death of the English Pub. He sums up the attitude to pubgoing of a twentysomething beer enthusiast and his cohort extremely well – a generation younger than me which seems to have got out of the habit of regular pub visits.
The following is a volunteer testimonial provided by Victor Acevedo, a volunteer with HandsOn Inland Empire/Inland Empire United Way who uses his artistic gifts to make a difference in the lives of local children.
Photographer Cindy Sherman is an example of a postmodern artist in that her self-portraits capture her dressed in the role of another person but are not really about her or any other real person. They embody a critique of culture and ask the viewer to consider practices of looking, agency, and female identity.
Other cases have been more serious. In 2008, a 62-pound dog was taken to a vet clinic in Michigan after eating three zinc phosphide pellets. The veterinarian induced vomiting in the dog “in a poorly ventilated room” and quickly experienced symptoms such as “respiratory pain, headache, dizziness, chest pain, sore throat and nausea.” Still sick 15 hours later, she went to a local emergency room and was kept under hospital care overnight. Three other workers at the same clinic were also sickened; all eventually recovered.
Another common complaint I heard from the audience, clichés. That was probably the word I heard most from the crew that sat behind me. Yes, they used A LOT of horror clichés and references to other horror films throughout the course, but I think they worked really well. Besides that, the whole scream franchise is pretty much based on the satire of clichés in the first place. This combined with the comedic tone was just perfect. There are a lot of one liners that I know me and my crew will be quoting for weeks at least.
Look into myself and reason
Barked Shag excitedly!
Christmas Wish is a unique way to share their feelings and happiness with all those we love.
"My seven year old son made my secretary pregnant."
A "mystery boat" called the Ocean Lady was located and intercepted by Canadian Forces and the RCMP off the northern coast of British Columbia. No visible numbers or flags were seen on the ship so it is likely a smuggling operation. Early news reports state that the ship carried 76 migrants. They are all male with some unconfirmed speculation that children may also be aboard.
The advisory board includes Vince Neicho, litigation support manager at Allen & Overy, reflecting the fact that the first day of ILTA Insight 2012 includes a substantial eDisclosure / eDiscovery track. Vince has asked me to take part which, of course, I am delighted to do.
The political undertones of his album Magic were indirect hits to the Bush administration, the War in Iraq, and other acts that the American government has committed against foreign countries and its own people. I believe his latest album, Wrecking Ball, is going to extrapolate these realities. The track lists suggests this and knowing The Boss, he will once again echo the cries and concerns of his countrymen.
matter as there is always
It was at that point I had to laugh at the absurdity of it all. Here I was feeling ill on a cold, rainy day, lonely and jobless and without a dog or a truck, listening to the train fade away in the distance. If Hank Williams or Johnny Cash had come on the radio about then, I probably would have wet myself.
DAY OF THE DEAD
Our tiny precious miracle
Genre : Crime
In fact, in one study it was said to be “a powerful determinant of outcome, shaping (the patients’) response to treatment.(1) Another study revealed that “psychological treatment is feasible and effective in two thirds of those patients who do not respond to standard medical treatment.” (2)
There are methods to store your important data locally–that is, on your computer’s hard drive. (If you want to make local backups, check out our guide on how to make local backups of your phone data.) But, some users would like the comfort the cloud gives them. It’s being prepared, to the second level. You won’t need to worry about your phone, and you certainly won’t need to worry about your computer.
There was massive vote buying in the recent Barangay and SK Elections. In our barangay, candidates for barangay council gave 30 pesos to 50 pesos per voter. Those who did not give lost. This scheme was also the reason why a virtually unknown person became the barangay’s new councilor. Barangay captains gave higher, from 100 pesos to 500 pesos.
Where Sue Akers and the CPS/DPP axis will probably go – fairly swiftly in the light of this data – is to the formal inerrogation of Andy Coulson under caution……on suspicion of both misuse of technological surveillance, and suspected perjury.
What it is formulated WITHOUT:
-Have slips of paper with song titles on them. Place them in an opened umbrella and let a reverent child who is singing good choose a song!
Elaine, 17, and her family live in Norfolk’s Diggs housing project near Campostella. Being a teen, she is in the phase of expressing herself in many ways and so, unable to afford a salon, she went to box color to go blond before the orchestra festival. She plays cello, writes reams of poetry and wants to be the world’s first cosmetologically competent, poetically correct cellist, and I am right there with her on that.
Beneath The Valley of the Underdog
Maby it's not so bad to have somebody deciding everything for you?
This should be away from the computer screen, otherwise it’s not really a proper break - for your eyes, body or mind. So instead of checking Facebook, how about doing some stretches, putting on a favourite piece of music and dancing around, or even doing a bit of tidying.
I try to remember…
This may not be my favorite collection from Illamasqua, but it has some interesting products and, as usual, amazing imagery.
A riddle of love I give to thee
If ever you are in Red River, New Mexico, and are hiking alone in the woods, keep an eye out…..you never know who or what may be lurking around the next corner.
Travis Maddox, lean, cut, and covered in tattoos, is exactly what Abby needs-and-wants to avoid. He spends his nights winning money in a floating fight ring, and his days as the most-eligible college co-ed. Intrigued by Abby's resistance to his charm, Travis tricks her into his daily life with a simple bet. If he loses, he must remain abstinent for a month. If Abby loses, she must live in Travis' apartment for the same amount of time. Either way, Travis has no idea that he has finally met his match.
First, please note the gratuitous butter shot....Alrighty then...on to more serious matters...my frying pan. More specifically, my cast iron skillet. How many of you out there use one of these bad boys? Show of hands works nicely...thank you. Mine was a wedding gift from my Sainted Mother along with my Deviled Egg Plate...two things every self respecting southern woman should own...but that's another post altogether.
He believed, as did the greatest part of the political elite that emerged in Skopje after the fall of Yugoslavia and during the formation of the “Republic of Macedonia”, that it is not possible to remove from the people its Slav characteristics and this is precisely the reason why the propaganda mechanisms of today’s authorities have given themselves these last years to an operation of his deposition, aimed especially at the younger generation that does not know, skilfully cultivating his profile as being almost a traitor to the nation!
_____It's pretty ironic that everyone I see with a walker is a fan of tennis
And there’s a crack right up the back
Having that set of warm up activities can bleed VERY quickly into full out procrastination.
Mash the cooked rice till soft and mushy,add all the other ingredients except breadcrumbs / semolina and oil and mix well.Take lemon size mixtures and flatten them like a tikki or a circular disc and dust each of them with bread crumbs or semolina and shallow fry them and serve hot with ketchup or corriander chutney.
How do parents feel about their decision regarding what age they enrolled their children in kindergarten?
3. Moisturize with organic moisturizer day and night
I bought a new camera recently, a Pentax x90, to be specific. It had just recently been released when I made my purchase, so there weren’t many solid reviews on it, but it seems to be just one step down from the Pentax k-x and I was mainly looking for something a little more powerful than a standard point and shoot but not ridiculously pricey.
New parents Beyonce Knowles and hubby Jay-Z were spotted leaving Nobu restaurant in NYC’s Tribeca neighborhood after having a romantic dinner and then heading to The Greenwich Hotel on Monday evening (March 19) in New York City.
Well, I'm a believer that pretty much anything can be done if done well. Certainly there has been nonfiction published that's really a series of essays. Are you talking about something different from that? I think there's been a great deal of nonfiction published that's really a collection of stories that create a larger tale. If that makes sense.
Tulips and other traditional spring bulbs require a dormant season in low soil temperatures, much lower than our ground temperature ever reaches here in Central Florida. In order to force them to bloom, it's necessary to mimic those conditions.
To win today's Sparkliscious Shimmerz Enamelz Embossing Powder blog candy- just join our blog following below and comment what your favorite design of Washi Tape would be if you did this project!
If e’er thy breast with freedom glowed, And spurned a tyrant’s chain, Let not thy strong oppressive force A free-born mouse detain.
The empty feeling inside
I have so many things I would like to make. I plan on starting a new rug, and like I said, I started April. I am though not really producing things like I wish I was, but life seems to take over and fill my days.
Gilbert Achcar (School of Oriental & African Studies)
No, I know it was hard. I didn't know Russian as well then, and everything was new and strange. But I sought the Lord, and He was with me.
(By the way, it was great meeting many of my readers this past weekend at the concert. Knowing that you enjoy these columns keeps me writing; thanks for reading!)
"Can I get you anything else?" The waiter, a man with thinning hair arranged across the top of his head, holds the black restaurant bill folder in his hand. I can tell that he wants the table for his next customer as I look around at the crowded tables. He drums the edge of the bill folder with his neat, thin fingers. I can see the speculation in his eyes as they move over my t-shirt and holey jeans. His eyes say, "Doesn't this kid have a summer job?" The
There's been a handful of stained-glass-style cards in the history of the hobby, and in general I'd say they've come off very well. This translucent, die-cut beauty is enhanced by the appealing "glass" background pieces comprising the Braves' team colors. "Hero" is a very appropriate title for Chipper, too--he's certainly earned it in his career-long stint with Atlanta, putting up some huge numbers and coming through in the clutch more often than not.
The deadline for the completed application is January 17th, 2011. Members who are chosen to be on the team will be notified no later than January 20th, 2011
Anyways, it was funny when Meyers noted that how would a celebrity win the Presidency if he can't even win his TV time slot?
"Ev'ry gambler knows that the secret to survivin'
A: Fine, thanks.
Ever since a bad experience with a lover in the past, Samson has a delicate issue that he has not been able to overcome due to the residual anger he is holding onto, he seeks the help if a therapist to try to help him get his mojo back, but little does he know that the very thing that will be his cure will come walking, or running as it were, right into his world. Delilah is attacked walking home from her work as an Auditor at one of the Scanguards offices, she managed to escape and run, finding safety knocking on a door that turns out to be Samson’s, but Samson mistakes her for someone else;
Music Headset (HS-45, AD-54)
That first moment on our own with only a flimsy curtain to separate us from the rest of the world.
Less time but still too much with the boring politician. Is he still in the race, a week after being shot and paralysed? I guess he is. Also Rosie’s boyfriend led to some weird connections for his dad. He seems connected in some way but not sure how. He had his son return to the police to say he had faked the text, but it wasn’t clear enough whether he actually had or not, or his father forced him to say he had. He also seems to have had a relationship with Rosie’s aunt. Hmm…
I was so happy to purchase it: Ahi Tuna, at Trader Joe’s. Found in the freezer section, I want to buy Albacore Tuna next time, when I deplete my stock of protein in my freezer.
But the absolute silence puts us Graces in the unenviable position of ascertaining whether our message was received. If there is truly an auditory complication (loud music, hearing loss, eccentric neighbor's ill-timed chemical explosion) then Grant is not at fault; Graces simply repeat the statement at a slightly higher volume when the sonic boom ends and await a courteous (or at least spoken) answer. But if there is not a legitimate reason for the lack of response, and the silence continues, it is absolutely Gruntish to force Grace to transform, unwillingly, to the Untamed Shrew.
It is incredibly difficult to watch someone age, especially when they begin to have health issues. I think one of the worst issues to have to deal with is when someone has dementia. I can say this with complete certainty, because my mom had dementia. Dementia is such a gradual disease, which, I suppose, is a good thing. As hard as it was to watch my mom slowly fade away, I think it would be much more difficult if she had lost her mental abilities abruptly, without warning. My mom is gone now, but my experience with her dementia has helped me to understand how dementia can impact someone’s life and the lives of their family, friends and others who support them.
Our plan is to travel to Haiti with an economic empowerment project. The Haiti Crochet Project plans,
His remarks are an odd defence of the indefensible. Mong Dagang, a vice-president of Masing’s PRS party, had demanded that welfare benefits be removed from Fresius Lebi (left), a disabled man, because Fresius had opposed the PRS in last April’s state election. Masing’s response was to warn Sarawakians “don’t cross your boss” (jangan lawan tauke).
Needes: US 7
For those who base their faith and religious practice on what they perceive as doctrine derived from Vatican II, it must come as uncomfortable reading in the present controversy
"The data obtained through such surveys can be skewed, Mr. Myers. It is practically impossible to count and keep track of billions of people, with the limited resources that surveyors typically have. The final figures used are all estimates, and there’re many studies showing that the estimates are often inaccurate and unreliable.”9-14
The ISS should take note that the Boers never wanted a singular state with a single government ruling all the peoples of the sub-continent. The Boer Republics were taken from them with violent force. Even the terms of the peace treaty of Vereeniging in 1902 stated unambiguously to see to the restoration of Boer independence as a people before any political rights be bestowed upon the African peoples.
The rulebook in anyway levels incorporates module which is fashioned to resource sportsmanship together with point meant for authorization. This perspective instrument accept you hold those rules.
The kids LOVE to be the leader, and it solves any dispute over who gets the special priveleges or chores. It's a great system that works well for us, so I thought I'd share it.
So I've been on the hunt for mint jeans ever since and thought about dyeing my white jeans mint, but I've never dyed anything before so I was hesitant to try. Then I came across this, this, and this tutorial on dyeing your own mint jeans and after seeing others do it, I had the courage to try it. I decided to follow along the second tutorial since I liked the color her jeans turned out, but from the comments from the post, many people said they tried it and it turned out lime green(hers turned out super cute though:). So I decided to mix two colors together, green vert and aqua, 1/2 package each. And it was a FAIL. It turned out dark green, even though I soaked it for about 2 minutes. I was so disappointed! But I was determined to make the perfect mint color jeans, so I took the pants out, ran it in hot water, then soaked it in bleached water, then soaked it in straight up bleach, and the dark green came off and I was left with this light lime green color.
Footwear is always the most perplexing. And given the cost and trouble of extra check-in luggage, I am determined to take only one suitcase for 2 weeks; so, lots of boots and shoes are not in the cards. This despite the Christmas stockings, and presents for Miss Bee and Harry when we all reunite in Provence. (I'm letting Harry transport the Nestle's chocolate chips and Skippy peanut butter for his sister. I'm bringing the stack of New Yorkers and her forgotten clothing items.)
It’s always best to buy your baby new shoes. Second-hand shoes won’t give your baby the right support for her developing feet. They will already be moulded to another child’s feet, and the soles will have worn down to fit a different walking style.
School of Applied Community and Health Studies
We (the heifer & I) were both clueless about what to do.
I also wanted to tell you about this, so you could check out the gorgeous samples the girls over at "The Shabby Tea Room" Wow.. they have made some amazing projects!
I often forget that we're having them half way through so when I realise say, mid-Saturday that I have another day off, it's a little burst of pleasure akin to finding a spare $20 in your jeans pocket.
Jesus had a pretty simple model to His life. He lived to represent the Father's will (approach) , and He did this by obeying God completely (method). As a consequence of this model, we can know how God wants us to influence others in our lives, because the record of Jesus' life and ministry serves as an example of what God would do if He was here. God could just do these things Himself, but He has chosen to give humanity free will and commissioned Christians to present humanity with a message that represents His heart. In order to properly represent God, we need to obey him completely. OK, tangent aside, let's get back to the point:)
Here I am with Fannie Flagg, who is signing my copy of Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Cafe. (Photographing a small snapshot with my cell phone caused that reflection across the top.) My favorite of all her books is Red Bird Christmas, because of quotes like this one from page 35:
Place apple chunks in overlapping rows on top of oil in baking dish. Return to oven and bake until apples begin to soften slightly and butter is bubbling and beginning to brown around edges of dish, about 10 minutes.
LP Will Be Released On 5-22-2012
My personal strategies of behavioral self-modification include, for example, but not definitively: “show and tell,” talking the class out loud through whatever I am doing — even something as simple as using chalk to write on the blackboard; conscientious avoidance of flashy media in the classroom, such as Powerpoint (of which students are quite critical); handing out questionnaires halfway through the term to get their feedback and establish mid-course corrections; encouraging legitimized confusion by trying out new questions, experimenting, and readily admitting when they do not work; pointedly acknowledging my mistakes; using constant interrogation as a primary mode of discourse; accepting all student answers as valid perceptual and learning moments; collapsing the readings syllabus into fewer required works in order to spend more time on each one; impromptu elimination of an exam or exams; shifting emphasis to reading aloud; and establishing a final, collective project embracing contributions from the entire class, such as http://www.montclair.edu/creativeresearch/studentcenter/index.html
This little tree is just too adorable to miss out. For all of you stashing away bits of lace and ribbons. A perfect way to use them this season. Make your own tree, get your kids to build their own. Its simple and looks better than anything you might buy for decorating this Christmas.
How many of those attending could even calculate how stopping asset sales is a side issue when the superannuation apocalypse is less than a decade away?
*Doug went to work this morning and came home around lunch time. (Although he is, of course, not seeing patients.) It sounds like the Med Group will just basically be on call to help the Relief Teams coming through Misawa.
Although he said one poignant statement that has changed my mind completely about the partially legalisation and decriminalisation of drugs: Drug Addiction services cannot make drug addicts stop taking drugs: “We can’t make them stop”. “For IV drugs we ask them to stop” but can’t make them. – Obviously they have methods but I found this very unusual.
NOT FOR ME...
and they came inside to make popcorn.
Oh wait, I forgot to mention that 1991′s “The Avengers” marked the debut of Iron Man, as played by superstar Tom Selleck. Having Thomas Magnum himself suiting up alongside the fan favorite Bixby/Ferrigno one-two-Hulk-punch (and all those other semi-recognizable faces) made 1991′s “The Avengers” the biggest film of the year. Nay, the decade! Verily, “Avengers” mania swept the world!
But somehow the daffodils persevere, year after year.
Adventures of a (Second Time) Bride-to-Be
Full marks for optimism and persistence have to go to the man who approached the open window of my Land Rover as I was parking the vehicle to ask the same thing. Dude - I'm driving a car, I do not need a bl**dy tuk-tuk!
A: The Declaration of Independence (1776). . . . .pg. 219
Judy R Clark graduated from Heriot-Watt University in 2006 with a first class honours degree. Shortly after she decided to move back home, to save money and concentrate on trying to sell her work in various Scottish boutiques. As well as this, she signed up to the Highlands and Islands business course, which provided her with opportunities to attend networking events, exhibitions and arranged fashion events. During this time she met Sandra Murray MBE at a fashion exhibition and she kindly took her on as an intern for one year. Still striving for bigger and better, Judy applied for countless internships with Alexander McQueen and Vivienne Westwood and after many rejections she was accepted to Alexander McQueen, when her idea to illustrate the bottom of her CV attracted their attention. Judy commented that her internship with McQueen taught her primarily how to run a successful studio, how to co-ordinate people and work as part of a team.
So yes, it is a daunting task that you chose when you signed up for this. No one said it was going to be easy. Just know that you are doing this distance with countless other faces, a lot of whom have probably encountered worse problems than you, who are pushing themselves past their own personal limits for a lost loved one, but who are sweating alongside you just the same.
There is a Benson in this picture somewhere! He was on the move, trying to get to the tractor! And what happens next is this little guy climbs into the tractor all by himself and starts drinking out of his dads mug of pop!
We've been doing lots of things - trekking around the villages of Laos' minority peoples, the Hmong and the Khmu; talking textiles with Lao royalty; spending time with the keepers at a 'Moon' Bear rescue centre and playing hide and seek with their food - sort of like an Easter egg hunt for bears, really; swimming in waterfalls, cruising on riverboats; strolling around the markets; and eating like kings. Well sometimes like kings and sometimes like the local people. Street food is always the most tasty.
* Kate and her family, who are dealing with a terminal illness within their family.
Bible – This week our stories focused on “Why We Disobey God’s Law” and “Why Sin Must Be Punished.” We read from Psalm 130 and Genesis 8:6-16. Caleb’s memory work was Romans 6:23.
If you noticed the beaches and canyons and creeks look pretty good today, there's a reason: today was the creek-to-bay cleanup, and an army of volunteers was out this morning, making them look good. Did you volunteer? Why the heck not? It was actually a lot of fun! It was also a pretty good feeling to contribute the conservation of Marian Bear which is a canyon that I run in all the time.
Let me just say corruption in South Africa by the ANC Government is shocking.
They already did simply with the possibility: driving and looking at new houses.
1 emulating
Combine: 1/4 cup dry mustard, preferably Colman's
Second, worship in the presence of a pure heart. Meaning, when you go to church and worship Him, do it with a clear conscious, not worrying about work, or kids, or your significant other. Be in the light of Jesus and only Him. Worship is a connection with Jesus and there must not be anything between you and Him.
Reasoning
I think keeping a travel journal is important; it’s a way to recall a time and a place that had some significance to you, and a way to share your adventures with others in the future. It doesn’t have to be a full-length novel – and Amazon has some interesting-looking journals to get you started.
The DVD of The September Issue is being released on the 23rd. When I saw it in the theater last year, I was frustrated by its overemphasis on the editorial process and its glossing over of moments that could've proved to be liminal and profoundly revealing of its central character. Although it was interesting to see Anna Wintour's selection process and the actual construction of a September Vogue issue, the subtext of the whole film was, supposedly, to provide insight into what makes Ms. Wintour function, and even -- some might say -- to humanize her.
Dec 6 – Police say the NFC’s purchase of two RM6.9mil luxury condominiums was kosher as they were registered under a corporate firm and not in the names of individuals.
The following is a guest post by Darryl Rosen.
“Mostly, it does occur in adults after the age of fifty, but not always. I had a young man in my office this morning that has the onset and he is only twenty-five, so it does occur in younger people. In your case, my concern is that it appears to be progressing rapidly. You are losing you vision from the center of your retina. Your peripheral vision seems to be only moderately effected, for now.”
Todd: About 10.
Four decades of peace have done little to ease the mistrust between humans and dragons in the kingdom of Goredd. Folding themselves into human shape, dragons attend court as ambassadors, and lend their rational, mathematical minds to universities as scholars and teachers. As the treaty’s anniversary draws near, however, tensions are high.
Set in the exotic and unusual locale of Ethiopia, Cutting for Stone tells the story of Marion and Shiva Stone--twin brothers. Their mother, a nun, dies during childbirth and their father, a surgeon, flees abandoning them to the other doctors and staff of the Missing Hospital in Ethiopia.
By the 1980s, director Radley Metzger’s name became synonymous with “high class erotica”, having directed over 20 of these films between 1961 and 1984, including Camille 2000 (1969), The Lickerish Quartet (1968), and Carmen, Baby (1967). These films are soft-core features, filled with lots of sex, comedy, and artistic cinematography. If Score is any indication, it’s no wonder why Metzger was able to find success from both heterosexual and homosexual audiences.
Husband: "Ok, you can help. (I get really excited, momentarily) Please unlock the basement door so that I can get out the snowblower. (I agree, but still feel badly that I can't do more. All this comes out in a pouty face) Alex, you're pregnant."
We had one small climb to get around part of the river and it gave us our first view, albeit foggy, up the valley. For the beginning, we still had a track which we found pleasant because we didn’t have to trip all over large, cumbersome clumps of tussocks or snow grass. Under our feet, the soft decomposing beech tree leaves cushioned our feet as we walked through what appeared to be an enchanted forest. From inside it seemed like it stretched for miles, but in reality it reached about a mile or so ahead of us, a quarter-mile behind us, and maybe a third of a mile up river right of the valley.
On September the 27th 2008 Former Union law minister Subramanian Swamy told the two-day Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) of infiltration by Bangladeshi as a national issue and said that either Bangladesh should hand over one third of its land to India or take back illegal immigrants.
Could the reason have been changes to diet and nutrition? Unlikely.
"He walked out of the house to go to the store. He was going to the store," she said.
“Matt, they’re beautiful. Thank you.”
SHORT TERM: consolidation or Int. wave C, DOW -83
That’s a deceptive question.
It's a good thing that science blogs are gaining traction because they will provide a better overall news experience for citizens eager for trustworthy information. The public's appetite for information is bigger than ever before. But the hegemony enjoyed by the mainstream media is not yet exhausted. We see how they function as a forum for debate on a day-to-day basis, even as social media and bloggers add new dimensions to those debates. The stories that the mainstream media cover, and the way that these stories are covered, requires the respect of politicians and other people operating in the public sphere. So newspapers still condition public policy by their activities.
and one muffin pan
Is it not time that we start supporting the fresh market produce of our own brothers and sisters (Boere Marke), and also check the labels of canned and packaged foodstuffs before placing them in our shopping trolleys?
DAVID #2: It’s March and I swear to God I will end you if you do that again.
Then we read: For the days shall come upon thee; and thy enemies shall cast a trench about thee. Who were ever greater enemies of the human soul than the spirits of evil, who caress it with delusive joys while it gives itself over to the lusts of the flesh, and lay siege to it as it is about to leave the body? They cast a trench about it, when they bring before the eyes of its mind the remembrance of the sins it has committed; and they encompassed it around by dragging it into the company of the damned, so that, held fast in this supreme hour of its life, it then sees by what enemies it is surrounded; and yet it cannot find a way of escape: for it may no longer do the good works which, when it could do them, it despised. Of such as these the words that follow may still be truly understood: they shall compass thee around, and straiten thee on every side. The spirits of evil straiten the soul on every side when they unroll before it its own iniquities, not alone of deed, but also of word, and even of thought, so that the soul that before had spread itself out in many directions in wickedness, now at its end is pressed in on every side in punishment.
I think it was in 2000 or something.
...I guess I'll have to see how many babysitting jobs I get :)
playing in the snow.
He gave me some inspiration today:
Pure joy when I think about watching Daddy teach you how to throw a ball in the backyard.
Now it was her turn for revenge, he’d served his purpose
Since we had all the openness going on, I figured I would ask Aliviya if she had used at all and she said YES! OMG! So I have 2 kids that are using marijuana. I asked them which kids have it and they are doing it with and they said pretty much everyone they hang out with. Do I start calling parents? Do I ground them from all of these kids. I know if they are determined to do it, they will find a way. I have to reach them on a different level where they want to make better decisions. I am at a loss. I can only have a say until they are 18 and it is especially hard in our area because it is legal for medicinal use so kids have easy access because a lot of parents are licensed users and there are as many dispensaries as there are liquor stores.
I will enter it at
My wife smiles that special smile. Not the everyday, I’m putting good energy into the world smile. This is the other one. The smile that expresses surprise and sheer delight. The one she showed me at the end of our first date. When I said I wanted to be more than just friends.
Now that the Komen 3 Day is over for the year, I'm experiencing many emotions that I wasn't prepared for. I was so exhilarated while I was walking. I felt on top of the world; like I could do anything I set my mind (and feet to). I felt as if I couldn't be stopped.
And dies
That doesn’t mean we behave like naive fools. Our charity must be extravagant, but it can never be cheap. Part of seeing human beings as noble and god-like means that we must encourage them to indwell the story that God has written for them as individuals. So we must call them to repentance, to the joy of gospel-wakefulness, and a life of holiness.
The Tooth Incident:
I’m so looking forward to holding my baby in my hands and inhaling its new-book smell!
You know, Devereux talks about how these anthropomorphic forms seem to come from these luminous mists and clouds. And who knows what we’re dealing with here, but it seems evident that the Bigfoot appearances are associated with some kind of…they have some energy dimension to them.
and a few other fitness playlists I have.
Aren’t those reasons good enough to re-think our time management habits?
Just when you think that Palin family has fallen out of the public spotlight, they appear again. Just when you think a member of the Palin family will be embarrassed to tell another lie, they lie again. With the announcement of Bristol Palin’s new roommate, it seems only fitting that we reflect on the life and times of Bristol Palin.
Now as she sat on the table facing her son and his woman, she couldn’t help but be jealous of what she represented, her son had always been hers alone, though from afar. Another woman had now come into his life, she saw a glint in his eyes, she saw love in his eyes, she saw acceptance in his eyes. The Irish man had fallen in love.
As Buchanan argues, both claims are open to doubt. But what is truly remarkable is that Sandel advances them as if they were self-evidently true. He provides no further evidence for them. This makes the enhancement debate one of the last places where a priori psychology and sociology are taken seriously.
Since it's my birthday, and I was a good girl by using papers from my snippet pile, I thought I would play on the swings at Pixie's Crafty Snippet Challenge. :-)
dosen’t neccesarily mean that they have “IT”
And it has to be said that you never see any of this disorder associated with pubs majoring on cask ales and craft beers – perhaps if people were encouraged to take more of an interest in what they were drinking they would have a more responsible attitude towards it.
“But…”
Yesterday, I got accused of having an agenda on twitter, because I asked the question as to why none of the 4 (yes only 4) candidates I have to choose from in tomorrow’s election have bothered to knock on my door.
Dealers say Renoir's soft-focus depictions of Victorian women and children are a favorite of Asian collectors, who have begun buying up iconic pieces from the Western canon. They're starting, as many new buyers do, with the broadly appealing Impressionists. Renoir's prices are lower than those of older peers like Monet.
He straightened in his chair.
This picture was taken 2 weeks after we moved into our house (1 year, 2.5 months ago). The tile floors had just been finished, and I just kind of put everything around the room. We chose not to paint the room initially because it had just been painted before we moved in and I really had no clue where I wanted to go with this room. The rug was a spare from my parents' garage that wasn't being used so we brought it in to give the boys a soft surface to play on. The corners of the room that aren't pictured have a sewing/office/craft corner for me next to the closet and an elliptical machine. It is a large room, but it is serving many of functions.
Despite my concerns, I feel that the team definitely has a chance for October baseball this year. The Johnny Damon acquisition was a great move in my opinion. I feel that he can bring veteran leadership to the offense much like Derek Lowe can to the pitching staff. He has won a world title. He knows all about October baseball. Hell, he played in two of the most hostile environments there are in baseball. New York and Boston. I believe he can be the perfect guy to teach the young Indians’ club how to win and handle pressure. If the Indians are in contention at the end of the year, his experience could really bring stability to this club (pending the return of Grady Sizemore, which hopefully won’t ruin his status with the team).
Either by luck of the draw or by nefarious scheduling to facilitate my termination, I have three days off in a row this week. Today was day one.
Arbitrary violence is nothing new. The apparently systematic use of sexual assault against women protestors is new. I’m not aware of any reports of police intentionally grabbing women’s breasts before March 17, but on March 17 there were numerous reported cases, and in later nightly evictions from Union Square, the practice became so systematic that at least one woman told me her breasts were grabbed by five different police officers on a single night (in one case, while another one was blowing kisses.) The tactic appeared so abruptly, is so obviously a violation of any sort of police protocol or standard of legality, that it is hard to imagine it is anything but an intentional policy.
how to make a latte
So, which of Hitchcock’s films did make the cut? Here are what I consider to be his five best actual horror films:
Specialist Perception
After recovering from the bullet wounds in hospital in Singapore he found himself aboard Australian and New Zealand gunboats.
First step is to calculate the width of the material required. The following formula is used to calculate the width of the fabric needed.
Jolly Pumpkin Bam Biere - 750ml bottles - $14.99 (price includes tax)
Are there bigger plans in the future for Cover to Cover? Do I even know what they are?
I'm making some changes to my blog because I was inspired by a button Shannon created for me (so if you use RSS or similar to read me- come to the site and check out my shiny new header!) Jack refers to construction sites as construction marks therefore: We're under construction marks. Hopefully, when it's all said and done, I'll have a new and mostly permanent look.
We sat for a while chatting on where we were from and laughing at our oh so attentive waiter. At last Rick and his driver had to leave, a rather jovial woman who had had one to many martinis. But before leaving the lady asked, “So what are you ordering?”
The name means ‘wine of the shell’ in Tuscan dialect with reference to the fossils in the soil.
Asset Purchase 10
I've enjoyed my market break. I visited the i♥market this Saturday, but will be back as an stall holder again next month!
Those are the names that Mike and I came up with for each other while we were working on the deck framing. Captain Sparkles for Mike since he was getting all sweaty and bossy, and Lieutenant Trippy for me, because I refused to get my tennis shoes out and wore flip flops, (not recommended) and tripped on every little mound of dirt, and sometimes nothing at all.
I spent 10 years in NATO assignments, so I’m pretty acquainted with the challenges of trying to accommodate seemingly incompatible desires. Hey, if I could somehow deal diplomatically with both sides of the Aegean Sea dispute between Turkey and Greece, I should be able to figure out a farm, right?
I also loved meeting authors and publishers, deciphering the complex web of friendships and petty rivalries between people in the book world. I never read reviews in the same light once I realised how many of them were written by friends reviewing each others' books.
2 and a half ounces butter
2 zucchini, peeled/chopped
Winter Green Farm is hiring quite a few different positions. Application and contact information can be found on the website.
December 22
A relatively healthful food, peanut butter contains a high level of mono-unsaturated fat ( the heart healthy kind) as well as protein, folate, and fiber. An average serving of peanut butter contains about 180 calories. There are even more healthful peanut butter alternatives take for example the newest powdered version PB2. PB2 is slow roasted peanuts that have been pressed to remove the fat. The process creates a peanut butter powder with 85% less fat calories than the standard preparation! PB2 boasts a mere 53 calories per serving and can be mixed with other ingredients to get that rich delicious peanut butter flavor. A quick PB2 recipe in case you want to give it a try; Mix PB2 with sugar free whipped topping and use as a fruit dip, YUM!
When someone like Eric Holder, after weeks of threatening to litigate against Arizona's immigration law, tells a congressional committee that he hasn't had time to read its 15 pages, and then compounds that lie by refusing to acknowledge that radical Islam might even partially explain the peculiar behavior of Major Hasan, along with the underwear bomber and the Times Square terrorist, you realize that the only person scarier than the attorney general is the psychopath who appointed him.
But when I run outside his eyes transform;
The POD arrived on Monday...unpacked Monday night, being picked up today! 2 weeks to fill 2 hours to empty
but here I am slowly freezing from the cold
I have a specially soft spot for Leap Years and February 29th, because I proposed to my husband on that date. To make it more equal than the usual Leap Year tradition, he proposed to me too. And we were married ten months later (and still are).
Decorate with chocolate balls, wafers, chocolate shavings or just grate some chocolate on top and place it in the fridge.
Did you think you had to, honey?
– Once pregnant we plan and prepare for the birth.
Many companies will want to interview you. The careers service offer fantastic support and guidance for interviews. You should also consider asking lecturers, the careers service, family and friends to do mock interviews with you.
Twenty-two stories from 1893, 1932,40,46,47,51,54,58,50,66,67,68,70,74,76,77,78,80,82. The stories are in the form of either memos, letters or diaries. That doesn’t mean they’re all short blurbs. Some of the letters etc. are short story size and longer.
TUKWILA, Wash. – May 01 – (Press Release) An independent supporter group styled as the Jet City Auxiliary or simply “The Aux” has officially announced itself as a self-supported and sustainable supporter group of the Seattle Sounders Women. Over 200 members strong, this announcement marks the creation of the largest supporter group in the Pacific Northwest whose sole aim is supporting a women’s side.
In Deuteronomy 28:7, the Bible says, “The Lord shall cause thine enemies that rise up against thee to be smitten before thy face: they shall come out again thee one way, and flee before thee seven ways” in other words, you will celebrate life and your victory in the presence of your enemies. The glory of God will rest upon you in power.
Bug embossed the CS for the pouch on the inside with vintage wallpaper embossing folder from SU!
Motivating yourself, this is relevant.
Boys are notoriously quite reluctant readers, and when I do my workshops I often come across a few who claim to hate reading, and who think all stories are boring. As soon as you start talking about scary men with axes or flesh-eating birds, though, their eyes light up and suddenly they want to know more.
What we are saying, today, is that the Lord does not give us our life’s instructions at one time. As another example of this we look at another incident in Paul’s life and we read this in Acts 26:16. This is another account of the Lord speaking to Saul of Tarsus on the road to Damascus.
The Brazilian government has also failed to resolve differences with Fifa over cut-price tickets for students and senior citizens, and demands for sponsors of the World Cup to have their trademarks protected.
Recently, The Edmonton Free School got up and running. It’s just like it sounds – a free university in Edmonton that anyone can participate in. Also, there aren’t any grades. I’m putting together a course on punk, and since the trifecta of punk is DIY, community, and participation, the more people that get involved the better.
And then after a while we began carrying him up the stairs at night, and down the stairs in the morning. But about a year ago that ended, too, and now he sleeps in the kitchen.
Encourage good behavior
JUSTICE GINSBURG: But even the Federal circuit didn't say it was a retest. It said it is for now. We know that things that we haven't yet contemplated may be around the corner, and when they happen, we will deal with them.
The last drop created a ripple in the still sparkling liquid. He watched the tiny blue waves as they slowly faded into the colorless ness of the drink.Peter walked out of the water looking like Adonis .
1 tablespoon ground ginger
My weekend just got luckier as my best friend went into labor Saturday night and had her precious little boy Sunday afternoon. I was still in town to be able to go and visit. She had everyone in suspense about name that they had chosen and we soon were introduced to Brogan James O'Halloran. Oh how holding a newborn can make you want one oh so desperately!
I used a simple See & Sew B5119 pattern that is for a night gown and a set of baby doll jams. I didn't put the ruffle on the nightgown nor the bow. Mallory is girlie, but not that girlie. As for the other jams, I added a 2 inch piece of fabric to the bottom of the top since it runs a bit short. Overall, these were simple and quick..perfect for beginner who wants to get a project done in a day.
Assassins inside the ambulance were there to make
That was almost a year ago, and since then, thanks to Smart Bitches, Trashy Books, my local library, and a generous friend who gave me a whole tote bag full of her old paperbacks, I'm an official convert.
Will – Associate Staff Writer
A few weeks later, he gets a subpoena for this ticket. Luckily he wrote notes on the ticket of the actual events so he was able to recall exactly what had happened very easily.
One thing that I think people may take for granted is the seriousness of a budo. While there may be an air of levity to training with friends, it is for safety at least and training at most that one remembers that your partner is putting their health (possibly their lives) in your hands, just so you can learn. It is a thought that humbles me greatly whenever I bow to someone before we engage in any activity.
Researchers analyzed data from over 25,000 people in the Seventh Day Adventist church, who are lacto-ovo vegetarians. These vegetarians had only 14% of the chance of dying from heart disease of other Americans. The Adventists also had significantly longer life expectancy.
It often went something like this:
> Life from behind a lens" href="http://roobo69.wordpress.com/" target="_blank">Robin at > Life from behind a lens on the other hand said “I would go for the last image representing the two subjects of plane and sun both blazing in the sky together”
Let us take the crew of HMS Victory for example. According to the Victory Muster Book. out of a total compliment of 662, 589 were British, including 441 Englishmen, 64 Scots, 64 Irish, 18 Welshmen and 3 Shetlanders, in addition there were two Channel Islanders and a Manxman.
I wrote in my journal after the bike trip to Austin that I had been profoundly changed by the experience, but at the time I couldn’t or didn’t verbalize how that was so. In the weeks afterward that change has taken much more form. The most obvious to most people is that I have lost over 50 pounds! Some have asked me what I did to accomplish that, and I have given different responses, but I guess the best answer is that it was just the right time.
After a stressful week in Florida, Nelson joined me for a second week to obsessively watch his Dad's ventilator, waiting and praying for him to recover enough to breath on his own. He's getting there....off the ventilator, but still with a tracheotomy and feeding tube.
I decided to use some mason jars I had for the pots, but if you have none check out Goodwill.
Sheesh. Only a dandy UK bro could talk about getting poon in such a dull flowery way!
"No, no, no," I corrected her mistake. "A: the book is fiction. And B: "I had my own stories to use."
until i could move again... when i got up, the inside of me was steady
And know that in that five-year period that they were working on getting the film made, there have been hundreds if not thousands of independent films that for one reason or another never found an audience or a distributor.
When markets are large enough they trump laws. Whenever there is significant demand, supply will arise to fill it in a black market. A legal market, though, can be regulated. State lotteries and legalized lottos did more to wipe out numbers running by the mafia on the east coast than the FBI ever did, just as ending Prohibition effectively quashed violence related to alcohol production and distribution, and reduced deaths from bad product. We hear terrible stories in the media and certainly at the Legislature, which has passed potent sex trafficking enhancements, about coercive sex trafficking that's often compared to slavery. Would legalizing and regulating adult, consensual prostitution similarly drive out the criminal element the way a legal lottery defeated the mafia? Perhaps. If so, it would be a greater boon to exploited young girls than another criminal-penalty enhancement.
Accessories – Fancy Tags, Large Circle and Scallop Circle Nestabilities, Swiss Dots Embossing Folder, Fiskars Lace Border Punch, Gold Embossing Powder, Heat Gun, Gold Ribbon, Foam Tape, Kaisercraft Blush Pearls.
WHY: Why did I do this? No, I am asking YOU why I did this because it is hard to say. Maybe you can enlighten me. I guess I did this, really, to experiment in my digital lab of curiosities. I always like to progress and see what else I can do, which is more than drawings, paintings in a realistic or natural vein. I can do other things, too. So I told myself, “Let’s go crazy & do something different, even if it there is no visual logic to it!” As long as it made at least some sense visually, as far as color theory (those colors are there for a reason) and other elements. In art, design elements are the basic building blocks of art, by the way. Color, illusion of space, illusion of motion, line, value, shape/volume & texture. There are design principles, too, which is the more technical side to creating art, but get into that later…don’t feel like thinking toooo much right now.
Police say the men are dangerous and are facing charges ranging from murder and armed robbery to robbery and theft.
The art is not pretty, but it isn’t supposed to be. It does its job in an effective manner, and all of the main players are easily identifiable. Isayama-sensei’s art style does have a distinctive look from most other shounen manga I’ve read in the past, so it’s very easy to pick out if you were to put all of the most mainstream shounen manga on a shelf.
Heat oven to 375F. Melt butter in a Dutch oven over medium-high heat; add onion, and cook, stirring often, 15 minutes or till onions are caramel colored. Add garlic and cook 1 minute. Stir in flour and cook, stirring constantly, 1 minute. Gradually whisk in milk, cream, salt, Italian seasoning and red pepper. Cook, whisking often, 8-9 minutes or till mixture thickens. Remove from heat; whisk in cheese till melted and smooth. Layer half of potatoes in a lightly greased 13 x 9-inch baking dish; pour 2 cups sauce over potatoes in dish. Repeat layers once. Bake, uncovered, for 1 hour 10 minutes, or till golden brown and potatoes are fork tender, topping with bread-crumb mixture during last 15 minutes of baking. Remove from oven and let stand 10 minutes before serving. Yield: 10-12 servings
We kicked off Easter weekend at our YMCA. Since Kamree was there for hip hop, it made perfect sense to stay for the annual Easter egg hunt. Carson, on the other hand, had flag football practice that morning so he didn't get to join us. Even if he was available, I doubt he would have joined us because he is soooo over our little family outings! As always, it was chilly that day, but Kamree had sooo much fun hunting for eggs. After the egg hunt, we packed up and headed to Grandpa and Grandma Leader's house for the weekend.
Something quite unique over here. Firstly they will cut out the coloured cartoon character and placed it on an aluminium tin foil before putting it into the oven. And in just less than a minute, that piece of paper actually curled and shrunk into much smaller in size. Next would be punching hole and fixing up the accessories to make it into a keychain. But unfortunately Kit boy's one was accidently spoilt by the person who punched the hole hence was unable to make it into a keychain. As not to disappoint my boy, I had turned it into a fridge magnet and at the same time 'decorated' it with googly eyes.
Silvana Boneva, head of the VMRO DPMNE caucus in parliament, says they have nothing against the proposal in principle, but adds: “We have not discussed rehabilitation yet. We should first see what is proposed and compare that with the experiences of other European countries that went through the same process.”
I'm ready to go. I'm ready for a break. I'm ready to sit and breathe. I'm hoping that this works out and the home is available and that we can make this work. I think we all need it.
My thoughts on the movie - without giving anything away:
Tell your loved ones how much they mean to you. You never know when they'll be gone.
Composed of Dave Smalley (Dag Nasty, DYS, All) and former members of the chemical people. I'm sure everybody has heard at least a few of their songs on Punk-O-Rama comps and G-Kart Records comps. They are still around but don't seem to put out much new material.
defence budget in 2012.
At any rate, WoW needs to work to solve this. It needs to create a four tiered approach that allows for each quadrant to have their own game. The top-end raiding is great for the time+ skill+ group. Leveling is great for the time+ skill- group. All the little 30 minute activities mentioned above are great for the time- skill- group. We need a fourth tier, though. We need an activity that’s engaging, difficult, and fun but doesn’t take four hours three nights a week. We need short raids that are based on people doing well at their classes, not, as Gevlon terms it, the dance. I don’t have time to learn the mashed potato, I can’t do the twist (look it up, young ones). My quadrant wants a game to play, too.
Yup. There are thousands of political blogs out there. Mine's not one of them.
I used one of Coffee Break's window cut-outs and covered it in some vintage glitter. I put a little piece of mica behind it to give the window some glass and then added a Debrina Pratt collage image that's from one of her Christmas sheets.
2 1/2 c. chocolate chips and mint chips
Breakfast- Oatmeal- 1/2 cup rolled oats (made with 1 cup water), 1/2 cup original almond milk, a handful of frozen berries
6. War- Bob Marley & The Wailers
Of the 1,656 collisions in 2009, 46 involved pedestrians (2.8 per cent), 38 involved cyclists (2.3 per cent) and 31 involved impaired drivers (1.9 per cent).
7. CDA will never become a Nationally named Style.
i used the swirl glimmer screen; frost and denim blue glimmer mist. i added some glitter glue and a pre-painted glimmer chips "frosty memories" to add an extra Christmas feeling.
Your name and username.
I’ll leave you with one last thought. All that we see happening today is NOT a political fight. Did you hear me? WE ARE NOT INVOLVED IN A POLITICAL FIGHT! We are involved in a fight of absolute DARKNESS against LIGHT! A fight between GOOD AND EVIL, literally! These elites have made it a known FACT that they want MOST of us DEAD because they think the world has too many people. They have made it a known FACT that they think we are too STUPID to vote or make decisions. They DON’T see us as people with RIGHTS but as ANIMALS to be used and abused any way THEY see fit! Don’t you get it yet? This isn’t about left or right, Dem or Rep. It’s about evil versus good, light versus darkness! Get beyond your politics! See the bigger picture of this fight! STOP BEING A COWARD and hiding behind your politics! Humanity is in a fight for its very survival and continued existence and these 1% elites ABSOLUTELY MUST be STOPPED!
That’s the thing about dogs and cats. They fill our hearts with love. They also fill our carpets with hair, but hey, who cares? As my friend Jennifer said, Jeter’s shedding helps me not be so OCD about neatness. I am writing about Jeter today, because he ran around the yard and made me laugh first thing this morning. I just wanted him to do his business so that I could come inside and get everything together for my day, but the Jetes thought that I needed some time on the deck to appreciate a fine spring day. He’s like that–he just seems to know what I need.
But duly inverted to mirror the mood
Today I'm bringing you a card I made using a new image from Whimsie Doodles. With Valentine's Day around the corner they have some amazingly cute images to fit the occasion!
Today is a two-fer! (Wow, really yucking it up with the hyphens today, huh?) The first idea is not my own, but from another blogger that has a lovely blog, complete with music! Over at Blissfully Content she shows us how to make some lovely cleaning cloths. Mine are not that pretty, and I won't horrify you with the results. I was rather slap-dash making mine, but they get the job done and have helped me to cut down on the paper towel usage. That, my friends, is a very nice thing for both the pocket book and the landfill! I even color coded mine according to what color towel I used. Blue for the bathroom and pink for the kitchen. Then I don't need to worry about cross contamination.
He is known to be an incarnation of the Bodhisattva Maitreya (Miroku Bosatsu) the Future Buddha.
Homemade waffle topped with homemade ice cream, fresh
a) Straight sided with a slightly oval tip - Allow the sides to grow straight and slightly round the tip, this shape provides the maximum support for the nail (as this is provided by the sides of the nails), also if either side of the nail is damaged it can be filed into a slightly oval shape to maintain the length.
Magic is wonderful because sometimes we have permission based control and other times we have tapout control. Sometimes we have a Red Deck with terrible creatures and high quality burn, and other times we have a streamlined Goblins shell that takes a Fujita or Paskins to improve upon… and yet they can! Which is awesome! We have formats where The Rock is the best deck, and we have longer stretches of sanity. We have formats defined by singular challenges of Bitterblossom or Survival of the Fittest, which reward great play for long stretches… and allow the best gap designers to build even more exciting decks that can only be uncovered via the fires of seemingly oppressive strife. We would have had no Cruel Control or Blightning Beatdown if not for Faeries, no Exarch Twin without the pall of Caw-Blade.
Charles Darwin was not as enamored with them as my son was.
There had been racial battles in 1870s and 1911 in Cardiff with the Chinese community but those of 1919 caused five deaths and serious injuries. Whole areas were cordoned off by the police and hundreds taken into protective custody. The Times reported the Cardiff battle: “Racial riots of a grave character occurred at Cardiff during the early hours of yesterday morning. The trouble seems to have broken out simultaneously in several adjacent parts of the city about midnight. A young man named Harold Smart walked up to a constable and complained that a coloured man had cut his throat”
The cover fits to the iPad perfectly. Almost too perfectly, because it’s difficult to get it on. If you slide your iPad in, you have to pull the corners of the case up and over the edges of the device, where they fit very snugly, and don’t want to come off. Once it’s on, this is a good thing, and while portions of the case can be pulled of the edges, it stays on securely as a whole. This case also fits the third generation iPad.
The fourth song, “Blood Mountain” is easily the record’s standout cut and is about the point where the listener realizes that after hearing the solid first third of the album, they have heard all there is to hear, really. After that soaring chorus, there is ne’er a memorable moment left, just a few variations on a theme; pleasant enough variations, to be sure, but nothing to entice repeat listening beyond those first four tunes.
Next Sunday, while we await to board on our Steam Tea Travel, all cosy in boots and gloves and mufflers, there will be everything to delight your clockwork heart .
the Calendar Gap
A recent review of Hong Kong tertiary education system on ATV’s Inside Story (April 24, 2012) should have alarmed many people, especially academics and human resources mangers on the overall quality of the new workforce. Some particular comments made by those interviewees, which I found unbelievable, are as follows:
In pots of Poinsettias at Christmas Time, because of the lovely red.
I just wish everyone who listens to this album could have stood beside me on the conducting podium in front of the 25 singers. It was truly a great thrilling experience.
I can only say the consequences of infidelity are huge, devastating, life-altering. By the grace of God, I found the strength to go on, believing all things are possible with God, even impossible forgiveness. As strange as it may sound, I believe the scars Randy bore were more damaging than my own.
From inside the book
Cosmopop in one stroke looks like this:
11/19/2007 42.69
The concept of risk in management has been largely overwhelmed by health and safety definitions, but what I’m describing here is the personal risk involved in going out on a limb, risking that things might not go the way we intended, yet understanding that success will expand our repertoire, our range, of what it is possible to achieve. This concept is embedded in the work of Ralph Coverdale and I quote his posthumously self-published work, Risk Thinking (1977):
Hope you have enjoyed these old homes, as soon as the weather is better we will be off again taking pictures of what ever catches his eye. Since he is unable to walk our car is the next best thing. We do stop for lunch sometimes or I take a picnic lunch so it makes for a nice outing for both of us. Have a wonderful spring week. "In our home happiness, In our hearts love"
Such a simple thing really.
The first metal for the aircraft will be cut in 2014. First flight is scheduled for mid-2014. Certification and entry into service are slated for 2015.
I’ve always been interested in moral issues and it seemed to me that, ethically, it was backward to be surprised by someone who doesn’t stereotyping people or attack them for their sexual beliefs, comedic intentions aside. Instead, tolerance and acceptance should be such commonplace ideas that I, along with the rest of the public, should be intent on causing a fuss until we see them become normalized. Why had I been so okay with holding my tongue and letting so many jokes—or even just assumptions—go as if it was nothing? As if they had no real effect on the way that power functions in the world, and that I wasn’t giving in and letting go some of my personal power every time I stayed silent? The basic answer is that I had seen the exploitation of gender and sex be treated as nothing so many times before, both in my real life, and, arguably more importantly for improv comedy, in television comedies. I think it’s very easy for life to imitate art when art becomes so popular and pervasive that it stops being considered an interpretation or a commentary and becomes instead the norm. Television, which is such a staple in most American homes, works like that. It’s not real life, and yet people are willing to make real life opinions and decisions based on what they see and hear there. Famously, this works on a number of different levels. Subconsciously, one might think of the first televised presidential debate in 1960 in which Kennedy beat out Nixon, as I had been taught in school, because he was more handsome and appealing when seen on television. More consciously, and timely, consider the SNL Sarah Palin sketches? How many times was Sarah asked if she could see Russia from her house in her real political campaigns because of a fictitious depiction of herself. With so many people watching and talking about it, it became main stream.
Love the new Cricut cartridge - Art Philosophy - from Close To My Heart. There are five awesome cuts on the cartridge for making 3D rose-like flowers, but you can also make some great flowers from some of the petal shapes. Here are a couple of very simple 3" x 3" cards that I quickly made to showcase the flowers.
I've got two more bloody fingers sticking up for you today.
3.Again marinate chicken with garlic paste,3/4 part of chilli paste and keep in refrigerator for 25min.
The hoppy acronym of the beer moniker has been changed to include the addition of Columbus hops to the brew and as I opened the bottle, I hoped that it would be as good as the other Kernel beers that I had previously had the pleasure of tasting.
19 Grant Green - Battle Scene
She walked away, out of your life, probably thinking that you were just another one of those butterfly collectors that reach out to capture, only to pin them to another empty space in your collection.
Then, we went to the zoo.
Sylvie, a friend of ours from 'les filles de Mardi' was having a dinner party on Easter Sunday. Les filles de Mardi is a group of women who used to meet every Tuesday night at the Theatre Restaurant and who we befriended over time, gradually moving from our table for two to join their table and eventually becoming fully integrated into the group.
Michael Jackson is up doing Karaoke. His version of the Spice Girls 'Wannabe', is gaining mixed reactions.
stop demanding that I multi-task to *get more done*,
Jack, Carrie's husband? Yes, eight years ago now. Not much of a loss. He kept getting fired even from jobs that never fire you. Know what I mean? Drunk by breakfast every day.
Remember that post I posted back in January about Jiedyns responsibilities and rewards for 2012? If not or your new you can find it here.. Today Jiedyn was hard at work wanting to earn pop corn for something special - Beyblades! Since going to school Jiedyn has been watching the older boys at lunchtime battle they're beyblades and came home one day really interested in getting his hands on some of his own. It was a special moment because up until that point I had made choices for him, like pokemon etc. It was so exciting for me when he came home that day with an interest of his own.
Cheers to amazing, extraordinary friends!
Cut cauliflower into large florets, about two-bite size, and place in a large bowl. Whisk together the flours, salt, oil and water. Drizzle about a third of the batter on the florets and toss. Add another third, toss, and follow with the remaining third of the batter. Toss until the florets are evenly coated.
BUT, I bet you herd about Toronto’s POSSIBILITY of getting it’s very own casino.
"No. The rats are ok. This is for me!” She laughed.
That last one is cruel - T, H, E - wait, what, where’s the A-K-E-R?!! Obviously I'm biased here towards the two magazines I've written for (albeit not during 2011), Interzone and Black Static, and hope that one of them wins. I have to admit I know Jeani Rector best from her battles with Dave Byron, but the zine looks to have some decent contributors. I used to love SFX – I bought the first issue the day finals began, and have the first hundred or so in binders. I stopped subscribing after they stopped putting any text on the subscriber covers. Sounds like a little thing, but it made them look so boring. Plus, I could never resist ripping open the spoiler section. In a member vote this would have gone to Black Static, no doubt, but a jury could go any way.
Him: Yeh sure, whaddup? (he sometimes pretends he's black and gangsta)
This is where right is wrong, wrong is right, stupid is smart, smart is stupid…… you get the idea. There will be critical observations and questioning of traditional business thought via random musing on current, and past, experiences in the world of business in America.
I loved Conner! For those of you who are familiar with the Harmless series, I never thought a guy could come close to Evan, but Conner is definitely high up there! Jillian describes him as "quiet, domineering and gorgeous". What girl wouldn't be attracted that? I also really liked Jillian's character. I felt bad for her because of all of her family drama, but she was a good person who deserved so much happiness.
2 ribs celery, chopped
And taste of the new wine of the pomegranate.
Last weekend was the judging for the Smethwick International exhibition, which was the first ever exhibition I entered two years ago. On my first entry I scraped 1 acceptance with a projected image of a portrait of a man from Gas Street Basin in Birmingham.
RR—Well, we always want answers in terms of something we can nail down, something we can identify or relate to our concepts of ourselves. But what we are may be much more profound than what we imagine it to be. And I think that’s definitely the case. I think that the reason that I’m interested in the parapolitical aspect—if we can have a culture that’s based on scientific materialism, well, what if we had a culture that was based on weird shit?
Jay-Z and Rihanna join the long list of other artists to perform in the lead up to, and during, the London Olympics.
that the common man would seek knowledge
Cardstock: Must Have Cardstock - Jewels (for the leaves)
Gunnlaug said, “Bewray me not if I bring thee water in my helm.”
In the silence is the real you
She goin' to own you
This is not to mention the rampant Islamophobia, jingoistic racism against Arabs and repeated affront to Muslim beliefs in US and Western societies which have become increasingly accepted during the 9/11 decade.
I was so excited to have the opportunity to participate in this wonderful program.
My wife grew up in a Latin culture where employing a maid is common. Growing up in the United States as I did, this was not as common despite my upbringing in a comfy middle-class suburban environment. Yes, we had a cleaning woman (and right about now, two of my friends are doing their best Steve Martin impression from his movie Dead Men Don’t Wear Plaid), but I would contend (or rationalize) that having a person come by once a week to clean is different from a person who stops by every day to cook dinner, do laundry, mop the floors, buy groceries, and do whatever else needs to be done.
“We are tired of criminals, if killing them helps to reduced crime, let it be. Police are failing to arrest them, that is why residents are taking the law into their own hands,” said Thandiwe Mazwayi, 27, from Monwabisi Park informal settlement.
Ro Bruhn Visiting blogs and web sites and reading art books helps, but sometimes just walking into my studio and starting to clean up the mess gets me going off on a tangent and 'forget the mess' it can wait.
Devereux resigned from the army suddenly in 1864, shortly after receiving command of a brigade, some say because of a family emergency and some say because he had a business deal too good to pass up. He married Clara Rich and had seven children. They moved from Boston to New York and eventually Ohio where Clara wrote prolifically for the Cincinnati Commercial Gazette and then published her own book, Mrs. Devereux’s Blue Book of Cincinnati.
Breath of God who sweeps over Creation,
nevertheless, I paid for two plates - one for you and the other for your
So hopefully we will see a couple of things in 2012 and beyond when it comes to American’s in the 800. One is that it would be nice to see our half milers spend some time working on foot speed and working to improve their 400 meter times. The other is that it would be nice to see some quarter milers begin to give this event some consideration. Fiascanaro moved up because he realized that while he was the Italian record holder at 400 meters, 45.7 was never going to get him far in the event. Similarly we have a lot of 400 meter runners in that 45.5 to 46.0 range that might find greatness in the 800 instead of being obscure in the 400. America’s #2 all-time 800 man, Mark Everett, competed in both, a la Juantorena, and ended with PR’s of 44.59 & 1:43.20! And U.S. #3 all-time David Mack (1:43.35) was a main cog on both his high school (Locke) and college (University of Oregon) 4x4 squads.
I’ve got a feeling this isn’t the last we’ll hear about Jimmy Recard, the mystery or Riley remains unsolved, and the cover art will always be weird, but I see plenty of reasons for the alumni to be proud.
draining time.
1. Catholic Church tells hospital they should have let patient die – A pregnant woman who was almost certainly going to die came into St. Joseph’s Hospital and Medical Center. The doctors knew that in order to save the woman’s life, they’d have to abort the fetus. And it worked. But the Roman Catholic Diocese of Phoenix didn’t like that decision and so they essentially excommunicated the hospital from any Catholic affiliation. They actually punished a hospital for putting patient life first. Though I guess it’s not really a punishment since now the hospital administration can continue to act ethically without having to give the misguided and ignorant opinions of Catholic officials another thought.
Cinderella’s mom and dad died and left her to fend for herself in the world with an evil step mom and sisters who used and abused her day in and day out.
Did 6.6 mile run in Ringwood
SO. For this reason, I am posting about caramels, because this is about all I can wrap my brain around right now. To be fair, they do look exceptional. From Fusion Sweets. Taro Butter Caramel? Rose Orange Blossom Vanilla Butter Caramels? Come on! I'm not sure candy could melt away a bad week but this something else entirely!
3:00 pm
Myths and mythical artifacts in child play can often seem very mundane to the untrained eye, but behind them may lie vast currents of meaning. A footballer may carry mythological, archetypal significance for a child, as might a gate, a hole in the ground, or a stick.
and yellow hardhat stomps in, announcing
Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) is a virus which weakens your immune system by destroying important cells that fight disease and infection. You can be infected with HIV and not have symptoms for a long time. During this period, HIV can attack your T-cells or CD4 cells which are key components of your immune system. Over time, HIV can destroy so many T-cells that your body cannot defend itself from infections and diseases. When this occurs, HIV infection can lead to AIDS.
Her full lips pursed, the errant notes to seize;
The lack of sound was the notable aspect in the deserted catacombs. Dripping water was the only noise. There was no city noise that penetrated this deep.
“Waffles!”
down the road?
Difficulties like “Saturn Return” are made easier through regular use of Reiki. Most astrologers are unaware of the Jewish mysticism of the Qabbalah. It is this wisdom that imparts way more knowledge, understanding, and growth than current Greek philosophy. A failing I feel many astrologers have as they never look deeper than the current “best seller”
My parents were not especially open-minded people and when the aforementioned sister came out as a lesbian after several years of teenage conflict with them, they tried to cause trouble with her adult friends and eventually she was kicked out of the house. This was 1981. My mother died in 2004 without ever speaking to her and my father has not spoken to her to this day. Imagine, if you will, knowing what I knew about myself and living in this environment.
In my conversations with people in Bamako over the past week, I’ve been surprised to discover local interpretations of political legitimacy very much at odds with the interpretation I carry with me from the United States. Being democratically elected, it appears, is neither a necessary nor a sufficient condition for someone to be seen as a legitimate head of state, at least in the eyes of many Bamakois.
She stated that Nigeria has adopted a one-year cash transfer programme to alleviate the plight of poor families in the country. She did not elaborate on the details or manner of cash transfer policy government is proposing. She also did not disclose the amount each of the indigent families is expected to get. She, however, hinted that the cash transfer policy was only a temporary, stop-gap intervention arrangement.
Working on a falling star garland.
During Easter Christians like to remember the crucifixion of an innocent man for his words, so it was entirely appropriate that John Derbyshire was sacked at this time from the National Review for innocently writing an article for another magazine that intruded on America’s central taboo of race. But there was more to it than that. This case also helped to reveal some of the “uncomfortable truths” (notice how these two words increasingly go together) about America and the decline of the national discourse once represented by the likes of the National Review.
1027 **D-X/20/1988. “Republics and Military Establishments: The Lessons of Roman History for the Framers of the Constitution.” Law School, Texas Tech University, Lubbock, Texas. (Incorporated in Item C–1991(2), above, pp. 978-87.)
it was all done, once they gave
It was a rainy, dreary afternoon at home so I decided to bake something. I saved Alton Brown's recipe for "Homemade Pretzels" about a month ago and never got around to make them. This afternoon was perfect. You start by making a yeast dough, letting it rise, rolling it into a long rope, shaping the pretzels, and plunging them in boiling water for 30 seconds. After removing the pretzels from the boiling water, you brush the tops with a beaten egg yolk and water. Sprinkle with some pretzel salt and bake. The result is a fabulous tasting pretzel. They have the perfect pretzel texture - not too soft, not too hard. The family ate the pretzels plain, dipped in melted cheese, or sliced and used them as "bread" for their sandwiches. These pretzels go great with soup, too.
Pompously Mr Marzuke demands:
Isn't it strange how all of Africa where "Apartheid" never existed is worse off than SA where Apartheid did exist. Their inhabitants (no African country has citizens, because citizens have a life) are generally worse off in all respects than any local SA blacks ever were. Isn't it strange how the oldest liberated black state in the world is a disaster like none other more than 85 years after independence, without ever having been under Apartheid rule.
For quick jam:
I put him in charge of the stinky job - peeling garlic. He LOVED it. He is all boy and he loves garlic to boot! So, I asked him to peel me 3 garlics and he peeled me 5 telling me all the while that he felt like if 3 was good, 5 would be even better. (Thankfully we were making spaghetti so his reasoning was pretty spot on.)
Rainbow Resource Center (in their free catalog which is the size of a phone book!) offers a number of economics classes for the smaller people.
You see to understand the sacredness of time we have to understand the sacredness of Sabbath (Saboath). In the opening poetic lines of Genesis 1, God creates. God works. God makes and speaks. This is a continual pattern– God speaks, day and night, first day….so on and so on.
So here's what I'm going to do, since I'm not ready to break-up with this contest yet (I know, but I went for it anyway).
Have you done any decorating yet?
Jane Stillman!!!
Oh, and as I mentioned the tedium of Patch Day, I had to note this pair of screenshots from the patch notes. First, this note on DK abilities made the math geek in me chortle. Blizzard, you dummies, 2/4 is equal to 1/2. I know that there are a lot of people in the U.S. who have the math competency of rutabegas, but that’s still silly.
I have been having a great time archiving all of our favorite recipes and have been getting wonderful feedback from all my friends who are excited about trying the recipes. I'm not a great chef or anything. I am just a mom who had to feed three hungry teenagers. The food is simple, yet delcious. Stop by. If you decide to follow me, you will get one new recipe every day in your reader.
2010.08.09 Thailand Narathiwat 1 0 Muslim terrorists stab and partially behead a young plantation worker.
Then, I spotted these on CL. For $10 a chair. Of course, they need a serious makeover (a little glossy paint and new upholstery), but these could be pretty fantastic when I'm finished with them. I was just going to get the 2 I needed, but a part of me wants to get all 6. Come on- $10 each! And what a great little project to keep me busy in the summer. I think I could make them look real purty. Now the main dilemma would be what colour to paint them? My go to white, or an over the top colour like fuschia or orange?
Aviation fascinates me.
In the meadows, on the hill tops,
Murphy’s argument is it’s the same material being printed, both electronically and on paper, thus the same work goes into it. The author still has to write. The editor must still edit. The artist must still design an eye-catching cover. (People who refuse to acknowledge that they ABSOLUTELY DO judge books by their covers really get on my nerves. Alas, a topic for another day.) The designer must still make sure the words line up properly. The same amount of work goes into the book, so why shouldn’t it cost the same?
It is even more amazing to me to think about this little boy...what is he doing right now? He has no idea what is happening. He has absolutely no clue what we are doing to bring him home to us. No one has told him and he likely wouldn't understand anyway. He just lives his life, one day at a time, losing weight, trying to walk in spite of rickets and scurvy, his eyesight growing a little worse with each day, and believing that his life will always be this way. He has never known anything else. Yet, here we sit, waiting on a document, hoping for some news, praying for things to move as we hope they will...and he doesn't know a thing.
But the author is correct. There are a thousand ways we can worship each day. There are 10,000 sacrifices we can make each day and each one is a sacrifice, a spiritual act of worship done in the flesh. Didn’t Jesus say, “Believe me, woman, a time is coming when you will worship the Father neither on this mountain nor in Jerusalem…Yet a time is coming and how now come when the truth worshipers of God will worship the Father in spirit and in truth, for they are the kind of worshipers the Father seeks.” Aside from the obvious meaning, I think this might also mean that worship will not be confined to a place, or to an act.
Her train stopped in the railway cut
Chilli powder - 1 tsp.
Her credit-stealing boss tells her to resign so she decides to get drunk at a bar. A tall, skinny guy with a deep voice walks in. Is he her co-star? Well, he’s the second lead called Hyun Sang Hee. A man who’s so sexy that even though he’s been MIA for a while, an engaged girl wants to kiss him. But he’s not interested in well-dressed airheads. Nope. Instead, he prefers disheveled women who are drinking themselves into oblivion. And this is how our second lead meets our lead.
Once again a simple chicken advertisement becomes embroiled in controversy because a popular singer sings about chickens, or chicken sandwiches. HEY….suppose Mary J. Blige was singing about cow or pig sandwiches. Then what! I don’t hear anybody screaming about hamburgers and bacon being a bit of buffoonery!
Lorna Elizabeth Lockwood was born on March 24, 1903 in Douglas, Arizona -- which at the time was a Territory, not a State (as explained last week, Arizona was admitted to the Union on February 14, 1912).
Playing bongos with a group of friends on the steps of the Staten Island Museum (apparently security guards do not approve).
80. The Hand
NL Beginner Strategy
Shire West Dragonshire: -
Ages ago I wrote how disappointed, angry and upset I was with Bradford, particularly the council (see Bradford – A Rudderless Ship Stuck in a Mire of Bad Publicity). A Joseph Rowntree Foundation report had just lambasted Bradford… particularly the council. The council’s response was uninspiring tosh, basically blaming the researchers for researching and publishing their findings. Crap! But I did what too many of us do, be we British, English or, especially, Bradfordian: I moaned. Did I have a right to? Yes. Did I offer solutions? Modestly, if at all. Well, I hope this might redress the balance, and it’s my fervent hope that you’ll go away after reading this post and do something, no matter how small, to support Bradford and the Bradfordians who are supporting our city. I want you to cheer for the mutineers, the pirates, who have taken over the ship and are turning it against the tide and towards a bright and sunny island.
In April 2011, IPG’s stake was about 0.4 percent of the world’s biggest social network. Based on that, this deal values Facebook at approximately $65.50 billion.
Welcome everyone to the Cardz TV "Mom's The Word" Blog Hop. If you have arrived here from Dana, then your in the right place but if you didn't then you may want to start at the beginning because you don't want to miss what the Cardz TV Design Team has created. But if you get lost along the way I have the HOP line up down below.
Att 12 (h/c)
Self control has always been a hard thing for me. In this world of instant gratification and constant consuming it’s hard to be good at it. But over the last six months I have realized just how selfish it is to always consume and never put anything out into the world yourself. So I made a conscious effort to create as well as consume and on top of that I restricted how much I consumed.
Long story short ... 8 hours later I gave up on the machine-quilting.
“Many householders are aware that government has slashed subsidies, the challenge for us is to make householders aware that’s partly because industry has slashed costs, and partly because solar is so popular. There is no doubt that financially solar remains a great prospect for UK homeowners so there is no good reason why the UK market should stagnate.”
Anyways, on October 4th my sweet husband turned the big 3-0. He had carefully planned it so that we would be at the beach on his birthday. What a great way to celebrate!! We had a nice birthday dinner for him at a great little seafood restaurant in Pier Park (in PCB, Florida) and then headed back to the room. Nothing big and elaborate - because that's not the kind of person my husband is. When we got back from the beach the kiddos and I gave Josh his birthday presents and bless him, he thought (and probably hoped) that was it. No big shenanigans surrounding his birthday. Well....
17. The Bryner Guideline: Never wear a shirt that has more sponsors listed on it than people that ran in the event. (Are you listening, race directors?) A shirt with too many sponsorship logos on it is just plain ugly. If you're a race director, and have scored that many sponsors, how about sharing the wealth? Just give me a call at 555-6565, and ask for "Bad Ben." By the way, you can let ANYONE wear this ugly shirt; non-finishers and distant relatives, alike. If you respect your friends, kids, spouse or mother, though, you won't let any of them wear it. It would serve well as bedding in your kid's gerbil cage.
Ohh Ohh Ohh
We know from the Word of God, the Bible, that:
When he was ready to leave he loaded the car and came back in to say goodbye to us. The kids were waiting at the top of the stairs and L shouted “Daddy, dadddyyyyy” the minute he came in from the garage, like he had been gone for ages.
- 1/2 c. of sun dried tomatoes
Today’s theme in our YA Indie Carnival is about sequels (in terms of reading, writing, and reviewing them). Sequels are not always necessary, but something I see a lot of in the book world. Most books I read, especially YA, are a series of some kind (trilogy, saga, whatever).
Many of us run to be stronger. We run to be sexy.
However the anger has now passed and I have settled into having to inject myself twice a day, and make sure I eat at regular times. I am slowing regaining the weight that I had lost but have still not fully regained my strength. I guess it will take time.
Published: January 27, 2012
This last is actually an important issue for me. Most of the jobs for which I have applied use an online system called AppliTrack. One of the questions asks if I have obtained a Highly Qualified status from any school districts. According to the Illinois State Board of Education, I am Highly Qualified in the following:
5.) The origin of humanity: If the universe is circular, how did we begin? What did EVERYONE do that was so bad at first to then warrant an endless line of rebirths?
Reflect on the sacrifice
EK 483 BEN and an Audi
I want to live. I don’t want to go a single day without going outside, without soaking up goodness, all of this life, everything offered beautiful and whole.
In only a few short years I’ve watched the occult addiction mushroom amongst teens and develop aggressively into a yearning that they’d even sell their eternal souls for. Think of it, the love of a vampire, a being the Bible describes as demon possessed, musters the longing to remain lost for eternity -- the very state Jesus Christ died to save sinners from. How diabolical is Satan’s message to our young innocents luring them, through a lust-filled romance, to spend eternity with him and away from the presence of our God of love?
They also feature some paintings by Thomas Hart Benton, Georgia O'Keefe, and other famous painters you should know about, but I was really taken by these pieces the most. Admission is 100% free and they feature travelling exhibitions as well. I highly recommend a trip out.
I couldn't design
"The angel took them back to heaven."
13. We tried ‘Halo-halo’ (Drinks) as suggested by my Philippinos friend, also tried Tapsilog.
Is the merging of our paths coincidence
Make sure to leave enough room between the velcro for the binki and clip to fit.
Most people driving around Stuart only see the top side of the bridge from US1. It does not look like too many people venture underneath on any given day. A few walkers and some folks fishing. The rest are missing out on a concrete and steel wonder.
Man, 6-pack abs could be kinda expensive and kinda hard to get!
After a few more ridiculous texts that made me crack up laughing and a big fight with cam, I found myself agreeing to a few drinks. One thing led to another and we went to bed. I understood the arrogance once his pants were off – that boy is well put together. This may be TMI but his member was the biggest I’ve ever seen!! We had a fun night and I thought I’d leave it at that. A week later we caught up again and so on and so forth.
The Crombies have made such an impression on crowds around Chicago, that none other than super ska label Jump Up Records released a 7" single by the band featuring a fantastic 2-Tone inspired cover version of Niney The Observer's reggae classic 'Blood & Fire' backed with 'Mad At The World'. The song is a revelation taking the best of The Specials and The Selecter and mixing it with a hint of punk and reggae.
Sugar Tequila Cookies
“You left your notebook at my place,” he said as he handed me a book.
If your church doesn't use pagers, you might not be familiar with the buzzing idea. Usually they are used for nursing mothers. Mommy will drop off her precious infant and the nursery will page when Baby gets hungry. This beats traipsing all over campus trying to track down Mom.
but their deeds are likely to go unpunished as the kuala lumpur war crimes tribunal which found them guilty is a "tribunal of conscience" and does not have the power to impose any punishment.
‘I’ll take whatever you make. I’m going to bleed you dry, Darren. You’ll be on life support.’
The principal opponent in my congressional race was Quico Canseco, a wealthy banker/lawyer/developer who loaned himself over a half a million dollars in a 2008 congressional-primary race. Undeterred by a convincing defeat by Lyle Larson, Canseco ran again in 2010. This time, because Lyle Larson lowered his sights to the Texas House, Canseco won the Republican primary and then, as a part of the Republican landslide of 2010, won the general election against Ciro Rodriquez. In achieving the 2010 victories, Canseco loaned his campaign another half million dollars.
It's not likely that I will ever leave Blogger.
so I hurriedly shot some pictures of my garden
Go ahead....share the love♥
Go for it, and about those mines, yes there are and no, not all around anymore, and in case there are, or you want to go hiking cross country, each and everyone has info, and in each town there is information available.
If their date is more casual, they can wear knits paired with good denims. They can also go for plain shirts and khaki shorts. With the right accessories like a good watch and leather bracelets, they can pull of a well-put look. They can wear topsiders for their footwear.
Our motto: “Say No to Satanic Clones!”
After three or four hours of morning biking, things got better. The
RP-1, Rocket Grade Kerosene... actually it's simply a desire to create something special and hope we can persuade a few people along the way that that's what we've done. One of the factors that has stopped me personally doing anything much over the years is my feeling that I can't possibly compete with the music I love and that we can't add any new colours to the palette. But when you look at the bigger picture you realise that everything is insignificant anyway, so we may as well throw a couple of little pebbles into the ocean along with everything else and if it's a nice calm day we may even create a momentary ripple or two.
“I was aware there was a new borough historian in Queens, and we started wondering ‘who are these guys and what do they do?’” said WNYC reporter Kathleen Horan. So this summer, the station is devoting a week to each borough, with the borough historian answering questions from listeners online at wnyc.org.
I didn't. It's just one of those Celtic things. But it made me smile, and out of it I made a new friend. And that's what the conference is all about for me.
Cue shoals of emails calling me delusional, racist, a Zionist conspirator, etc etc etc. Well, write what you like: I know what is real insofar as modern history, Arab forms of government, and who my country’s one true ally in the Middle East is….even if half-baked twits like David Cameron don’t.
to my lilac that traveled all the way from Michigan as a single sprig...
the gang met us there.
As you can see, I have quite a few products in my makeup bag. I love the Purse Size Terry Bag from Shop Glitzy Glam. It can hold so many products and I still got room for many more. All off these products are favorites off mine, products that I always reach for and will re-purchase when I have used them up :)
April 20 – 1st Bank Center (Denver, CO) #
“The farmers were terrific. They drove long distances, from as far away as 60km, to come and help. And as they drove they also put up roadblocks and started searching people’s cars, ’ said Oosthuizen.
Terlato Gaja Magari '07
It has an antiqued bronze 33" chain
Removius Chromosomius TwentyOneous
Along the way, Neslen recounts a history of land, resistance, dispossession,
I know there's nothing wrong with living in the moment. I know that I'm not taking an instant of this pregnancy for granted, and there is as much grateful appreciation for the Deuce as there is fear that he/she may never come home with us.
Relationships and Dating
We must always ask ourselves what someone is getting for our belief, and if it’s actually worth what we are getting in return.
I am a strong believer in the idea that all film criticism is at least somewhat personal in nature, however objective a tone a review might try to take. That is why I am unafraid to foreground the personal in some of my film reviews/blog posts—and that is why I think the title of my blog fits the content best.
Some of the items purchased include (from least expensive to most expensive):
As you can see, I'm going to have my hands full for the next few weeks. Especially since I have a string of exams coming up as well. Poor Frank will probably get the brunt of my crabbiness. :)
What an aroma! Acetic with some caramel and hints of funk in the back. Jo thought the funk was a little odd but I felt like it was exactly what you'd expect from an Flanders Red style sour. Started with some tart cherry which was followed by light vinegar and caramel sweetness. The vinegar wasn't as strong in the flavor as in the aroma but the right balance was still struck between it and the sweetness. Just really delicious. I've read they do a sour cherry version which must be awesome. Too bad we'll probably never see it around here.
I know getting well is most important. But, the fact is that I have a chronic condition. I have been in treatment for 4 months and am not getting better. I still have hope that I will improve but I might not. I can’t just lay in bed all day. I have to continue to live. Living for me is being a mother. I know some people will just say I should be happy with E (which of course I am). But, I want a big family. I want lots of babies to love. I want to help these kiddos (bio and foster) be happy, peaceful, and kind people. Not being able to do this is very sad for me.
4. You cannot multiply wealth by dividing it.
I saw my oncologist this morning, and here's what you and I have been waiting to hear: she gives me a 75% chance of NO recurrence. Here's why:
I know that God loves me and has chosen me to be His own! Amen!
I started laughing, I couldn't help it. They had sent in the goon squad for little ol' me ;) "So, you must be Attila and Hun?"
Instead, we’ve had a bunch of Obama photo ops. Instead, we’ve had Obama walking on the beach in slacks stopping and stooping to pick up a few tar balls. Instead, we’ve had a collection of demagogic “here’s someone else you can blame instead of me” speeches.
No Cadillac. Oh shit. What if they got off the highway somewhere? They could have gotten off the road and then back on, and now they’re coming up behind me somewhere. Fuck.
Thirty minutes was the doable time - I mean, what is 30 minutes? In 30 minutes, all you would be able to do is 'like' a few more status updates on Facebook, watch a cat tap dancing on YouTube, check your emails a few dozen times more. So I stuck with 30 minutes and lo and behold it worked (in addition to some dieting but that's another story).
#3 Mario Party
RENEGADE EYE
Used a little more of the basic balsamic vinegar to impart more taste
push on in whatever way they can, and cling to the hope that there will be redemption in some way shape or form on the other side. It seems that in those moments, when hope for a better place is all we have, the stuff of life is made. We discover who we truly are and define what we truly need from others. We fight the good fight for our own identities and hope that at the end of that journey, that fight, that struggle to push on, there will be connection waiting with those meant to walk this path with us.
B: … may subpoena
This type of marriages are not considered socially respectable in source area and more often regarded as “thug vivah‘ (fake marriage) or Gurjara maduve (gujjar marriage).
What I did realise after my purchase, is that I had a pair of jeans exactly the same colour when I was about 19. They had more of a baggy 501 type cut and I wore them with a black wool fitted turtle neck jumper, wide black belt cinched in at my then tiny waist and suede black lace-ups shoes that were funkily chunky. It was a better look than I have made it sound.... (Oh - and I also had big hair.)
I will finish with a story from a book called “Cutting for Stone” where a boy in an orphanage is talking to his Matron. She tells him that his must play the Gloria. He responds by saying:
The ramifications of this ruling are two-fold. First, California is so large and so influential that, if the ruling survives a vote of the people in November, it will likely have a social and political impact that will allow same-sex “marriage” to spread to other states.
Tied in with the story of Willa and Paxton and how their friendship develops is the story of their grandmothers as young women. I was a bit reminded of The Divine Secrets of the YA Ya Sisterhood but this is far better written, I have to say. You get such an amazing sense of place and time through her descriptions and the way the young women came up with a society to strengthen themselves and yet how now, things have changed and the society has become something so very different.
Of course we couldn't settle on just one noodle dish from just one of the shops in the cafeteria like dining room, so we ordered veggie Chow Mein, and fried chicken dumplings, and a whole host of fried treats from the Bangladeshi restaurant in the counter to the left, and Mango Lassis (Tom never had Lassi before either!) and some salty miso soup, AND, to top it off, the strangest pink-gel drink I have ever before had in my life, on the house!
I know. I know. Sometimes that doesn't even garner a response.
companies that have business ties to Cuba and Syria.
Love takes many forms and is expressed in many ways but love is always expressed with respect and dignity.
Thanks Beth, look for it today or tomorrow :)
I often hear fitness models say “there is NO ‘off-season’”. Well, if you are lucky enough (or disciplined enough) to be able to maintain extremely low levels of body fat year-round in order to be photo shoot ready at a moments notice, then kudos to you! Some of us (like my boyfriend Kyle, whom I wrote about in my blog, “Living with a Hard Gainer”) are genetically blessed and can stay CRAZY lean no matter what they do (yup, I hate those people too, haha! Just kidding!). Others, like myself, have to work a little harder to stay lean. The only thing I have on my side is my height, and when I put on 10 lbs, it doesn’t look as dramatic as it would if I were only 5’2″ instead of 5’9″. However, there are two sides to being “photo shoot ready”. Although I may not be super lean, I managed to have a very successful shoot just the other weekend with photographer Chris Linton. Did we do a fitness shoot? No, but we managed to get some great commercial looks (here is a shot that Chris featured on his March cover) and had some fun experimenting with new concepts. And that is what modeling is all about: DIVERSITY!
Used as a regular styling brush the ceramic coated plates are flush with the body of the brush. Used as a vent type brush the ceramic coated plates are positioned away from the body of the brush, about halfway up the length of the bristle. This position creates a “vent” between the plates and the body of the brush. The venting along with the ceramic coated plates speeds up the drying and styling your hair. Using hairfreé® as a vent brush also changes the length of the bristle. This in turn allows the user to either create a larger curl or add more fluff to ones hair.
There is a scourge upon the earth known as Joseph Kony.
real and fictional places mentioned in Furphy’s novels. This has been helped by several new databases that have emerged since I first started the map in late 2010.But I’ve got a long way to go.
I would teach Manga drawing at conventions for Copic (come see me at Anime Expo in LA) and travel to art stores and art schools (This fall I will be doing class visits to Savannah College of Art & Design) sharing how to use Copic products. So I had to look proficient in many styles of artwork- from the Japanese Manga/Anime, to Landscape Architecture, to product design.
Written by Frances Goodrich, Albert Hackett, Jo Swerling & Frank Capra. Directed by Frank Capra.
Utensilo or Wall All designed by Dorothee Maurer-Becker,
Beat ThatHot Wheels: Exhausted That!
For his part, Professor of Archaeology at Tel Aviv University Raphael Greenberg said that the Israelis should have found something after digging for six weeks in the City of David in East Jerusalem’s Silwan district, but have found nothing in two years of continuous excavations.
You’re so sorry about it all
What do you think of her? Are you a fan?
I once met a man. He was an exaggerated, excessive man
PRIVATE PLAYGROUND FOR 'BLUE LIGHT' BANDITS The N3 highway in KZN - a gun-happy cop has shot out a tyre on a private bakkie, causing a crash that injured eight people, after its driver was slow to move out of the way of a "blue light" official car.
wishing we had more than room left over
Process Duration: 4 - 5 days. (Mine took 4 days)
We thought this pillow could be an easy knock off, especially if you have a Silhouette machine!:
~I have been adding and making and reading and writing and studying all about Montessori to add to my home school and the co-op where I teach the pre-school.
As she pleaded for a guitar for herself, Olivia spent the weeks before Christmas trying to get Madison to ask for a guitar as well. But Madison never wavered when it came to her wish. She wanted a camera for Christmas.
I have a feeling he has something else to be upset over with me as well. I had a run-in with his mall marketing manager last Friday and basically told her to get fucked, without actually uttering that word. That stupid bitch still doesn't realize I don't work for her apparently. I'll probably post the details tomorrow on that incident because I have a feeling it isn't over with completely just yet.
Return to ODBD and let us know you completed the hop and left comments for each designer,
I understand the Beanpot is important, I get that. I love talking to Niki too, but really unless her car died (even that’s iffy depending on where the car died) that’s a call-back situation. An unidentified wild animal demands jumping up and responding. I want to hear weapons, I want to hear boots pounding up the stairs and whatever’s behind the bed, I want GONE! What I don’t want is meandering upstairs with a flashlight and whisk brush and dustpan. The dustpan can come later. It’s not as though we haven’t practiced this before. We had the flying squirrel incident in Niki’s bedroom that lasted 3 hours with lots of swearing, grumbling about too much crap under Niki’s bed, chairs getting knocked over, and a really scared squirrel racing from bed to dresser, to bookcase until he got cornered in a box and tossed out the second floor window. So it’s not as if we haven’t had this drill before.
All of this is threatened when the student editor of the school newspaper is found murdered on campus. Skeet must track down the killer, following trails that lead to some of the most powerful people in the university. In the midst of her investigation, Skeet assumes responsibility for a vulnerable teenager when her ex-husband and seriously ailing father wind up back on her hands. Time is running out and college administrators demand she conceal all college involvement in the murder, but Skeet will not stop until she’s unraveled every last secret.
pay for muddying our grass
the market. Even John could sleep, rest assured that
From the premise alone, I am repulsed by the couple of millennia in which some people, sometimes thousands of people, have chosen, supported, or allowed as entertainment the slaughtering of humans by humans–or of any creature by any other creature. The Reapers’ response to the riots in District 11 hit home: I grew up in a city whose police shooting water at demonstrators during the civil rights movement. The students from District 1 brought to mind the children from Sierra Leone and the Democratic Republic of the Congo who have been turned into killing machines.
These three things are just as wrong to me as the deception. Making me slide further down that abyss.
That's orange, right? Didn't Powell use to be red? WTF is going on?
Me: You don't like?
underming the purpose of the permit. Where street performance is completely
Baba Yaga is a version of the Great Mother, her story goes back many thousands of years. She is the Old Crone and guardian of deep knowledge. She is the first thing you see, she is the wise mid-wife who delivers you into the world, but she is also the one who wraps your body in its shroud when life is done and you must return to the earth.
4) Post the rafflecopter with the links intact throughout the giveaway.
What’s it like living with a child who is autistic? It’s like this…
And I mentioned that I had another story that was equally eerie, and made a very similar impact?
I am getting back into my swing of life. Long walks, climbing, friends, trip planning and job seeking. School is on my mind as I try and establish myself, root myself and grow as a person before I have another little person growing in me.
In Legend of the Tengu Prince, nothing is as it seems. Shape-shifting creatures, both good and evil, populate the magical world of feudal Japan. And a young man will pay the ultimate price for a deadly rival spawned in the mists time. This riveting first volume of a epic fantasy adventure will leave you stunned and begging for more.
This photo was taken last Christmas at my parents home in Brisbane. The kids woke and all piled into bed with us for a cuddle before sneaking a peak at all the offerings under the tree! I love this photo, only I wish I didn't have to get out of bed to take it! Maybe this year, I'll think to use the self-timer.... :)
My name is Hase [Hase, German for rabbit, but also an ignoramus]. I live in the forest and don’t know anything about anything. I keep out of everything. I am, one might say, politically neutral. When it is to my advantage, I can believe anything, though the facts are best. The facts are mostly wonderful. I am of the opinion that the far right and the far left must be banned. The center, of course, is out of the question. As I said, that’s my opinion. I am a realist. That is comfortable, it has few dangers, and one can make a living.
Training will be provided to facilitate specific product, basis and development expertise. On the
If you do the math on all that you will discover that I have only had two kids at home for a few days. Like the title says, I thought it would be easier.
This is first come first serve basis.
a couple things he has been up to:
What colors are you smitten over lately? Anyone bringing in fresh colors through accessories, to give your space a whole new feeling? What is the easiest way to change out a color scheme for a whole new one, without breaking the bank?
The interior of the shop, clean, not very spacious and we were told that they do not entertain reservations.
A little while ago I wrote to all those on my Once Upon O'Clock order list to say that I was unable to continue making clocks at the rather low price of £150. I found that I was favouring other paid work over fulfilling clock orders as they take over a week to make each and £150 is not really an adequate exchange for my time. So the price has gone up to £250, and this is the first clock I have made at that price. I was delighted that so many folks were so enthusiastic about these Once Upon O'Clocks, and I wanted to make them affordable items for people, but now I am able to look forward to painting the next custom clock and know that I will earn a reasonable little purseful of money from it too.. unfortunately a necessary consideration for us as makes a living by hand this way.
So as I was attempting to find some pretty pictures of Our Lady (as I am wont to do.) on google I discovered a picture of Our Lady of La Salette with the pope on the other side and I thought "hey I run a bitchy blog lets see what this is"
Planning on making some of the cheater version with some praline sauce, I'm using this recipe from Family.com
Watching: the recorder, the lover, goddess as part
Excuses can be developed in the work life, social life, and even in our own personal lives. However, there is no difference in the consequence. By not holding ourselves accountable for our actions (or lack thereof), we are doing nothing more than crippling our abilities. Of course there are things that we all don’t want to do, and we all make mistakes, but whatever the excuse is, it’s not helping us learn. These are the most common types of excuses:
It takes you to the beginning verse of the Bhagavad Gita, in the Sanskrit Mahabharata in Devanagari and English text.
But there's so much I want to tell you, to share. And it feels safe to do it here. I am so clicking my ruby reds and saying, "There's no place like home". Do you want to hear about the total uber fuckedupedness that is my life right now? If nothing else it will make you feel better about your own. Can I come home now?
Pools we’ll clean of algae stain,
In a capitalist economy, goods can be allocated either by pricing (ability to pay) or by queueing (first-come first-serve); congestion is an example of the latter. Instead of the traditional solution of making the “pipe” large enough to accommodate the total demand for peak-hour vehicle travel (a supply side solution), either by widening roadways or increasing “flow pressure” via automated highway systems, Downs advocates greater use of road pricing to reduce congestion (a demand-side solution, effectively rationing demand), in turn plowing the revenues generated therefrom into public transportation projects.
4) Kaibab, AZ Mule Deer
As my friends and family, you know that I wasn't selected for the SOAR scholarship. You also know that this past year has brought me a lot of changes and blessings. One of the most important blessings to mention was the gift of time, to be with my children on a full-time basis. This gift of time also allowed me to figure out what things are right, what things need work, and what makes me happy.
Diane, I want to offer you my sincere gratitude for taking the time to share my story with your readers.
Nevertheless I got some shots today, the last shots of the grounds of the Hospital intact, I would imagine. Unless anyone sneaks their way in after hours, which, given the heightened security, is unlikely. Soon, the whole site will be a modern housing estate with absolutely no trace of what lay there before.
04. Fall On You
Moon glanced back to see her been dragged away and out of sight. The whippet knew that something was wrong...but he couldn't stop now. Stella had wanted him to run, she was watching his back and he was in her heart.... she had told him!
I guess the heart of this first point is that I’m not anti-populist. I am no hipster who intentionally seeks out only the most obscure and off-the-beaten-path movies to like. Shit… My favorite movie of 2012 so far was The Hunger Games, which is arguably targeting the same people that Titanic targeted 15 years ago.
having established that entertainment was required it became obvious that entertainment could take the form of tasks set by way of a things to do list to keep focus diverted away from the floor opening up mattress frayed duvet et cetera and that structured entertainment might reduce the amount of
So what can we learn from this encounter that Elijah had from God? The first is this: God will encounter those who are running from Him. When Jezebel threatened to kill Elijah, he began running for his life, crossing through Israel, Judea and then venturing out into the desert. He ended up at Mount Sinai where God encountered him; sending him back into ministry. Why does God send him back to ministry? Because God does not want us running from battles but God wants us running to Him! The Christian life is not about running from people or circumstances but it is about running to God who will be the one who will lead us, guide us, and direct us in the ways we should go because God has plans for us to accomplish and if we are running away we will never be able to accomplish any of it! Running away does more harm than good.
Only months later did he actually tell me what I had said. Yep, Americans are direct, that's for sure.
US3,10 – at that rate the exchange rate was 1955 to one US dollar. That is
A reasonable claim?
likes will be fairly eclectic. Here is my list:
Opt 4 promoting the GGE
Stretch, a newcomer to the stencil art scene was there with his stencils and within a few minutes a crowd of skaters and bikers had surrounded him .
From Apple:
Akamai
well-intentioned college advisors, when I realized that I was in the wrong room.
Don’t hesitate to allow the laughter and joy into your life.
I’m babbling.
Forgot to buy some, so I didn't.
Title of Activity: Crayon Match
COOL CACHE by Patricia Smiley
Vasa Previa
2- Signify
A different way
Is this the price we pay for killing our not-yet children and our old people? Is there a web of connections we cannot see, stuck as we are inside the limits of our faith in Scientism?
Later that night, as we cleared up from dinner, Jasmine asked me why someone had put away all the cookies but left about six still on the tray. I thought that was weird too, and then it dawned on me—Buzz had struck again! That naughty, rascally dog had eaten a few dozen cookies right off the tray. No more cookies for Christmas Day! Unfortunately, that was the proverbial last straw for me. I began to weep. All the pressure and struggle of an entire week culminated in that moment. We had to have the special Christmas cookies! Or Christmas would be ruined!
The increase “reflects higher rates across all property and casualty lines of business, and growth in property and Liberty Mutual Reinsurance,” Liberty Mutual says.
pictures of me wearing The Cone. Mom can't resist taking my pictures
“To ensure accountability in intelligence co-operation, truly independent intelligence review and oversight mechanisms should be established… such mechanisms should have access to any information, including sensitive information…”
Inspiration found me at the craft store. Have you spotted the glitter label holders. They sell them in many shapes and glitter colors. All I did was attach them to the boxes with Elmer's glue, and let the glue dry overnight. One of the glitter holders had a little more curve to it so I just bent it a little, and sat it under some really heavy books for a few days. The weight did the trick and helped flatten it out.
The Lady Sailors 7th and 8th Grade Track team lost by only 6 points in their meet against Lakewood yesterday. 8th Graders that placed first for the Sailors included Ashley Parker in 100 Hurdles, Annie Rossi in 200 Hurdles, Sarah Bartlome in High Jump, and Lauren Hollars in both Shot Put and Discus. Sailors that placed second in their individual events included Annie Rossi in 100 Hurdles, and the 100 Dash, Sarah Bartlome in the 400 and 200 and Catherine Schaefer in Shot Put and Discus. The Sailors have a meet agains North Ridgeville on Thursday. Good luck Sailors!
From the much loved children’s CBeebies series, Little Charley Bear uses his imagination to go on adventures and discover new things about himself and the world around him. The contemporary show inspires creativity, discovery and imagination amongst pre-schoolers.
The devotees at Bury Place had built their own temple, which was an interesting architectural structure that’s been described as being like the inside of the hull of a ship. The devotees were making absolute maximum use of every inch of space there. They had built little lofts, and people were sleeping in the corners. It was just packed out, and Srila Prabhupada’s sankirtana parties were in high gear.
It started the minute I got off the plane and stood waiting for our bags.
The overall impression I took away was one of a unique fascination with the bizarre, the morbid, Eros and elegance.
Lord Chancellor Ken Clarke’s new sentencing proposals on mandatory life sentences and knife crime
that leads back to him. He posts faster
Mark: It was that overbite.
all have once thy drawings proved,
On the facts, the judge stated it to be ‘clear why a complaint was raised in these circumstances’—the opportunity to copy evidently existed and the cartons, in broad terms, were ‘clearly very similar’, albeit not identical. Moreover, the similarities could not be explained away as products of function. This plainly required explanation.
Hound lungs inhale
We move on, hiking through lush valleys, crossing raging torrents on dodgy bridges and traversing knife-edge ridges. In tiny hamlets, we trade cigarettes for bananas and avocados to augment a diet of rice and tinned fish, shaking hands with women whose fingers have been hacked off with stone axes to placate the ghosts of the departed.
Here is my favorite picture of her with her BFF, who is also an amazing homeschooled young lady! (Ruby is on the right) I love both of these girls to death! :o)
So I spent most of last week in New York City. My husband was going down to do some photography so we went a few days earlier to spend some time in the city. I only got one outfit post the entire time I was there.
Also, just 1 % of police chiefs think that expanding the death penalty would reduce violent crime. This change in public opinion is steadily restricting capital punishment, both in state legislatures and in the federal courts.
Something kind of interesting with the gose is that because of the addition of salt, as well as coriander, it doesn't fall under the terms of Reinheitsgebot, the German purity laws which stated that beer can only contain water, barley, and hops (yeast was added later, when they were eventually discovered to be part of the fermenting process). It was allowed to be brewed only because it was considered a regional specialty. Along the same lines, a beer brewed with syrup would have been against the law, but since Berliner Weisses added the syrup when served, and not when brewed, they were allowed. Beer history is so intriguing!
Those prospects should become clearer in a matter of days, according to Whitehouse, who accepted that “people would be fed up with hearing” of possible end-points to the bidding process. But this has been the case only because Duff & Phelps have received no bid that accounts for owner Craig Whyte’s 85.3 per cent shareholding, no “quantum” offer that makes a CVA seem genuinely deliverable and no word about the timescale for a decision of the tax tribunal that could land Rangers with a £60m bill for the use of an Employee Benefit Trust scheme.
NWTC will provide the training.
I’m just done with men loving to be treated like eternal children. If I wanted a kid, I’d adopt or opt for artificial insemination.
Then we all went to dinner at Macaroni Grill, along with some of the library staff, Andrea from Mrs. Nelson's Toy & Book Shop (who sold our books at the event), and a spattering of family members. (Is that an appropriate use of spattering? If not, I apologize to any family members wrongfully spattered.)
Oh! Brother to the star and sea, know all
Even if you don't have small children, there is something special about making a small valentine for someone you care about.
Toodles
WALLACE: But Mr. Speaker, gas experts make two points. First of all, you pointed out the fact that gasoline was $1.89 a gallon when President Obama took office. They say that’s a bit misleading because it was the depths of the recession, so understandably gas prices had gone down. And fact is, just six months before it was $4.11 under President Bush.
Easy A is the story of high school student Olive who does a little favor for a friend. You see, he's gay and in high school. That means he's tortured. She pretends that she had sex with him, and gains a reputation because of it. Actually, Olive gains two reputations. Reputation #1: The geeks, nerds and dweebs of the school have learned that they can pay her to not have sex with them to raise their rating in the school. Reputation #2: People now obviously think Olive is a slut, a tramp, a skank, a ho. This causes a few complications in her life, as one can imagine.
hate
they could have come and vacuumed out my guts and there would have been nothing.
And yet there is a mystery too - it is the process by which we move through language by instinct, as though we were almost asleep but knew by a kind of sixth sense where the furniture was and where the doors and windows are. That is the part that cannot be taught, except in that one may point out that such a process, such a space, actually exists and that there are ways of getting through it, finding your way about, ways of living in that space and animating it..
leave me in reverent silence.
We’ll do our greatest to prevent all spelling, stylistic, or factual errors
1 tsp. each salt & pepper (I halved this)
J.J.Abrams will direct once again, and all the original cast are all due to return, including Leonard Nimoy as ‘old’ Spock.
In terms of modes you have the standard arcade ladder mode. If you choose to use an official tag team then you run through their story about going after the mysterious Pandora’s box which crashed in the antarctic, you’ll also have a rival match and get a team specific ending. If you choose a random team then you’ll just get a generic ending, but it’s nice to see that the endings are done in CG in the same style as the CG trailers and for the most part the endings are pretty fun. Naturally versus mode is where you’ll spend the most amount of time, and playing against a human opponent is the most fun. Street Fighter X Tekken also offers 2 vs 2 co-op which has each player control one character at a time and this is where the fun-factor really kicks up, as having to coordinate with a partner is really intense and pretty rewarding. You can even choose to be a scumbag teammate and the game is still a lot of fun. Scramble Mode is a Super Smash Bros-like party mode, which has all 4 characters on-screen at once(still as teams), battling it out and the insanity really kicks up in this mode. While it may not be the most balanced of modes, it’s still really effective as a fun party mode.
Doesn't take much digging into history to discover who the thieves were, and it wasn't "white (sic) settlers from Ontario". Nor was it the peoples displaced from their highland and island homelands who quickly had gone "wild" and whose descendants had become Métis as well.
I love this song by Aimee Mann. I love every one of the characters. I love every plot twist and every frog that falls from the sky.
Apparently the anemic sales that had satisfied Ledger weren't good enough for R&T; either that or poor Frank Ellis waved the white flag on being asked to handle the art on yet another feature; because Rolls Rosie does not seem to have lasted until the end of 1929.
But now they are going to targeted, yes targeted as the business entity that should pay for healthcare. People, we are punishing ambition. We are punishing drive. We are punishing what made this country great in the first place. Is that what we're all about here Obama, Pelosi? Today it's craft brewers. Not many people are gonna care b/c craft beer is a good 4% of the whole beer market. Probably 0.001% when you factor in total alcohol market. But if you have specialty business. A niche. Something not directly in the public's eye. Take a good look at microbreweries in the next few years. Once they squeezed us dry and we're back to drinking ambers and wheat beers, I'm sure the feds will find another way to get our money.
Nyanga was born in February 2001 and was donated by the Lion Park to the zoo six months later. She had two litters of nine cubs that were sold to breeders of captive lions.
Official times for the Open Studio event are 11.00am – 5.00pm.
We share the experience
The big question going into the summer months will be deciding on who is McGeechan’s replacement; current Newcastle interim Director of Rugby Gary Gold is the favourite, while other names in the frame include Mike Catt, Toby Booth and former Gloucester Head Coach Brian Redpath.
Now of course there are selfish people who do whatever they please and don’t feel a lick of guilt, even when they should. I have a friend who has cancels on me every single time we are supposed to get together. This has happened at least ten times. I’d be utterly embarrassed if I were her. I doubt she feels guilt or she wouldn’t treat me like this. The worst part is I really don’t have a burning desired get together with her in the first place. She was asking me to help her with something. The humorous part is that she is a deeply religious Christian. Christians are almost as good as Jews with at assigning guilt. Doesn’t she know ”Jesus died for her sins.” That’s some pretty powerful guilt.
The Shawshank Redemption (Richard Francis-Bruce)
I feel like this also pertains to other aspects of life, like what career to pick. If you don't like what you do, it will kill you. If you love what you do, if it makes you happy a majority of the time, then you will feel happy and successful at the end of the day instead of bogged down and miserable. I'm trying really hard to make that goal a complete success. I just have to find a full time teaching job and I think I'll be set!
“And the problem is: the only possible solution is to introduce a bit of racism.”
-Adjustable Chain
But when I look at gold, if it moves from $1,700 or $1,800 to $3,000 an ounce over the next five years, as I expect it to, my gain will be close to 100%—as an investment, that’s not enough for me. I’m gunning for much bigger profits than that.
So, I took one of my characters from a book I am writing and drew her in the environment I envision her being in in the story. The story is set in a Victorian/steampunky world. I’m not sure the clothes are historically correct but since it’s my world, I can do whatever I want!
“Nothing will return Filip but it is good if the justice is done” he said on Tuesday.
“A shrewd and weirdly endearing comic voice.” —Newsday
One year Santa Clause brought me a Barbie Dream House for Christmas. It was just my height, decked out in every shade of pink imaginable and fabulous. Coupling my brothers Transformer action figures with Barbies was also one of my favorite games. I would transition the Transformers into their animal version (my favorite was a bright yellow sabre tooth tiger) and offer them up as some bizarre pet for my Barbie to walk on a leash. Whenever I would take trips to Michigan to visit family my cousin and I could spend hours in the back of a car on long trips to the family cabin playing Barbie or up in her room we would line our Barbies up on the bed making decisions on fashion choices and love affairs.
When I first encountered this Army of Psycho Mommies, I could only think to myself, “Wow. These women suck.”
Following on from a somewhat personal post yesterday, I’d like to confess that I’ve got skeletons in my cupboard. We all do if we are being honest with ourselves. There is an old man who was crucified with Christ and his skeleton is still in my cupboard.
a peacock blue and my daughter wanted a glittery red. Now I'm
Lanais, pergolas, and gazebos. While offering comfort from the heat and adding interest to the garden, they are also good props for hanging plants and climbing flowers and vines.
An analogue synth sound starts with one or more oscillators. On their own, these sound a bit basic; a kind of annoying moped engine sound.
"Straight kids dress like they are gay?"
My friend Greg and I split the costs on a batch of MaiBock for our brewing session this past Sunday afternoon. It was a good brewing session, and we hit our temperature targets exactly. The finished Wort's starting gravity was 1.071, so the (eventual) finished product will make you stand-up and sing in German, after a couple of pints.
Croatia's Ivica Kostelic wins another silver, adding to his nordic combined silver win earlier in the week. Andre Myhrer of Sweden wins a surprise bronze! And it's a phenomenal bronze win by Myher, who finished 4th at Torino! Yet for the first time in 74 years, since the alpine events debuted in the 1936 winter Olympics, the Austrian men have not won a medal at any of the alpine events!
I had a few brand conversations, too. I have to be honest, though. I'm not one for deep engagement with brands on the expo floor. Perhaps this is largely because I don't imagine deep relationships with most of the brands.
when you wake up on a sleepy sunday morning
It's a no school day for us so I am going to sign off and make some breakfast for my kids who just woke up. Normally they would already have been at school. Ahh...nice relaxing day......
next to his mother. And I wonder if
In the same vein, people will look upon you as a failure if you allow them to. And even without allowing them, nobody will reckon with a loser, except fellow losers. It’s left to you to raise your head high after every failure and prove them wrong that indeed, you are a success. After all, nobody ever made it to the top without some toppling down(s) on the way.
The man has thrown his handgun out a window but has other weapons on him, including an AK-47 assault rifle, and has used them in volleys with police surrounding the building in this southwestern city, French Interior Minister Claude Gueant said.
7: I love very sweet things to eat but can't stand sweet drinks
boiling beneath shelved and shuddering ribs.
While the statistics are revealing, the controversy lies not in that the fashion industry shouldn't support anorexia but that it shouldn't support obesity. Some of the commenters addressed the issue of whether or not you can be healthy and obese at the same time. They believe that positively endorsing a fuller figure is as dangerous as advocating a skinny one.
"Well, had a bit of a disturbance here early. Chris Martin and 50 cent tired to get in, fucking egomaniacs! Phil Lynott and Keith Moon beat the shit out of them and threw them out!"
Thursday, after waking up and feeling better we decided to go on a motorcycle ride. Bob has wanted to teach Tim, John and Bethany how to ride in a little area off the main road a few minutes away. We were all set to go with the Mitsuba motorcycle ready and Bob’s bike almost ready. It ran for a bit but as we were leaving it stalled out. Tim and John had already started to walk ahead to get to the area while Bethany would ride on the back of Bob’s motorcycle and I would ride the Mitsuba. The spark plug wire had fallen off of Bob’s spark plug and a new cap had to be installed. It took a few minutes but we were back on the road again. The Mitsuba wasn’t running very well and wouldn’t idle. It was okay as long as you kept your hand on the throttle to prevent it from stalling. I got to the main road at the end of the compound’s driveway and it stalled out. I had difficulty getting it started again but eventually it did. I rode down the road for not more than a minute and I’m not sure what exactly happened. Either the engine hiccupped as I neared idle, I shifted incorrectly (the shifting pattern is different on the bikes here than in America) or I just hit a big patch of soft dust. Whatever happened, the next thing I knew the rear tire fishtailed to the left and the whole bike leaned over to the right and came crashing down. I was COVERED in dust. Luckily I wasn’t really hurt, just a scrape on my right elbow, a scrape on my right ankle and a cut on my left thumb. Not too bad. We decided to call it a day with riding the bikes though. The Mitsuba needed some more work before it was road ready. I rode it back okay, dusted myself off a lot, cleaned my wounds and put some Neosporin and band aids on. I took the carburetor apart, cleaned it out and now it runs just fine.
That the two new Constitutional Court Judges Nkabinde and Jafta allegedly approached by Hlophe now sent a statement to the JSE that they are in fact not complainants and don't intend to give a statement (other than this one), is of course also the stuff of rabbit holes - a very deep stomach turning one.
Then I got one of the new posters (I took the glossy kind, as I didn’t need it autographed), a magnet schedule (nice), and a team roster (very handy) and made my way to the field.
Many of the people I know and am friends with happen to be of Norwegian descent too, and they espouse what an awsome place their ancestral homeland is.
And I’m gonna live it
I lay there thinking “I want to just stay in bed. Why do I feel that I have to get up and run just because it’s Saturday? I’m not going to get back to sleep. Maybe if Ted stopped snoring I WOULD go back to sleep. Should I kick him? No… I’ll just get up and get on the treadmill because I bet it’s going to be too cold to go outside“.
Among the specific criteria laid out in Para 6.2 is “the consideration for the acquisition of the voting shares” in other words, the premium to market that was paid for those shares.
Here’s the thing about goals and me: I love goals. I recognize the importance of goal setting and setting good, SMART goals. I love to set goals. I love the feeling of accomplishing goals. I think setting goals is of utmost important when trying to achieve something. That said, I’m really not one of those people who is extremely driven by the goals I set. I guess I’m not a goal-setter by nature. It’s something I have to work at.
Brigham Young said that if blacks and whites should mingle, it was "death on the spot."
Planted tomatoes...Ok...ok...that one doesn't count as I bought two tomato plants already in the container with the cage attached and just had to set it on the deck...
in the lap of the dreaming
Annie’s mother’s eyes widened, the gleam of her pearls disappearing under the darkness of her gaze. “I refuse to apologize for being able to provide you everything you need to be successful. You want to show your independence by turning down my offer to find you a fencing school, then enjoy your victory. If — “
I also really enjoyed McCloud’s rationalization of cartoon features, particular the idea of detailed things becoming more ‘other’ than less detailed things. I have always wondered about the amazing ability of the mind to transform so many things into a face, we really do seem to be able to see ourselves everywhere and in everything.
God prepares us for greater challenges. But the internal victory must be won first. So here we throw down and let fly. Our pride, our ego… must be ground to dust. His Spirit can then fill us with divine strength and authority to slay the serpents and the demons that stand in our way. Let His glory reign.
*Add vanilla extract, coconut extract and powdered sugar (1 cup at a time) and blend on low speed until combined. Increase to medium speed and beat until it begins to get fluffy.
A bunny
Tiffany Jones has written for diverse media including LOTL magazine, Sextures, The American Journal of Sexuality Education and—her grandma’s fave—Dolls, Bears and Collectables. She is completing her PhD on constructions of GLBTIQ students in Australian education policy, at the ARCSHS (La Trobe University).
( MY POOR HUSBAND!!! I know that's what you are thinking)
Exposure, Inc.
We checked out the Plaza Hotel (a must for every Home Alone lover) then took the subway to John's Pizza and Molly's Cupcakes. Except for instead of making it to our stop because that would have been too easy, we ended up in the last stop in Brooklyn. Again, we were approached by a policeman. Apparently we look nothing like locals :)
It's been such an amazing adventurous journey for me on so many levels. My common sense knows all good things must come to an end. After all, “Nothing is permanent.”
Danaher also states, “People need jobs and income, not radical rhetoric from us privileged intellectuals.” Well, actually, no – they don’t need jobs and income. What they need is food, clothing, and shelter. What they need is access to land. With access to land, they need neither jobs nor income. This is not radical rhetoric from privileged intellectuals. This is what Indigenous Peoples have been saying ever since the dominant culture began dispossessing them.
So, at dinner (some cosmic pizza at Mellow Mushroom) prior to our monthly volunteer staff meeting, things escalated to include members of our clinic staff. It was suggested that we all chip in to have a blood test done to settle the disagreement. You see, the test costs $25 and if we don't "need to know" we usually don't waste the money. I was ready to throw $10 in and I was sure I would win. Even though we all agreed that more gambling at work would be a good thing, dinner ended without a handshake or even a verbal "you're on."
@@@ I found the band Arborea over here at We Listen for You and I’ve embedded a Soundcloud tune below. You can read an interview with them if you click through the link above. Last year hey had a bigger record called Red Planet which I’m checking out on Spotify.
HENRY JAGLOM: She wrote me a letter actually. She was friends with an actor I had used previously in one of my films. So she asked him, "How do I get in one of Jaglom's films?" He told her, "Jaglom is a sucker. Write him a letter telling him how much you like one of his movies, he'll bring you in for an audition." So she wrote me a 3 page letter about how much she loved DEJU VU. It was such a convincing letter that I brought her in. It took her four years to admit that she'd never actually seen the film.
Jonas Westergaard is playing upright bass in the band when he is not touring and playing with Oliver Lake, John Tchicai, Tim Berne, Michael Blake and Jimmy Cobb to mention some of the many musicians who use his energetic and melodic playing.
6 – public freedoms and respect for human rights
¨ Susan Adriani
Anywho. I entered one of his “Question-of-the-week” posts, and have been chosen as a finalist!
Each are convinced of the same reality that, powerful men look to destroy society as it exists. The faction distinctions I have made are extremely general but I am sure you can see the line i am drawing. The religious based faction believes that Satanists, literal demon possessed people, run this world and that, in service to Satan, they are subjugating society into a death cult.
"Get the stick, Rover," said Tom fetchingly.
In the meantime, a variety of other options are occasionally available to urban campers. Several artists have recently created unique camping opportunities, including The Encampment (2007) on Roosevelt Island, and House of Cards (2009), a shanty timeshare inside the Brooklyn Navy Yard. There are also a handful of private campgrounds inside the city, like Pouch Camp - the Boy Scouts' private 143-acre oasis in Staten Island. For most New Yorkers, however, the best bet for finding a legal campsite inside New York City is winning a lottery to sleep in a park.
To be sure, the longtime friend quoted above is showing uncommon understanding about the situation, and so my comments here are not exclusively directed to her. In fact, I’m not sure my comments are directed at anything or anyone other than to me. It’s like something finally has become clear to me after being hidden all these years, presumably behind a cloud of smoke.
Autographed Book: $20
for example, 63 percent of respondents said the United States should follow international conventions regarding Guantanamo Bay, while just 30 percent said the U.S. should not be bound by these obligations. The survey also found that Americans generally support giving international courts broad authority to judge U.S. compliance with treaties, with 70 percent rejecting the idea that the United States should receive exceptional treatment under such treaties.
“The TUC also objects to the tone of language applied to public servants in the White Paper and by Ministers elsewhere. The use of caricatures of ‘bureaucrats’ and ‘enemies of enterprise’ fails to recognise the dedication, hard work and expertise that exist within the public service workforce and the added value those workers create.
“It's in the early stages right now, we're just going to see what all the partners are willing to contribute,” she said.
Fri-Sat: Spend time with Kevin
Which leaves us with the Twins and the White Sox. Minnesota is facing the possibility that Joe Mauer will be the highest paid average part time catcher in the league for years to come, and Justin Morneau is a question mark. That seemingly impossible formula of youth, bit players and timely pitching that the Twins rode to success for years has
-SUNDAY-
Update 4 : If You Want To Add A Via @UserName On Twitter; You Need To Replace Twitter Code!
like the last scene of a movie
Thurow’s goal in the first two-thirds of his article is to present a robust version of a religious belief debunking argument based on the by-product theory. I introduced his first version in the previous entry. Things seemed to be going well for this version: it had been challenged from a couple of different directions and appeared capable of withstanding the assault.
Svenson, Donald Pleasence and Anita Ekberg it would be easy to believe that this is one of those sleazy, violent, Italian jungle-adventures - but hey, believe it or not: this is actually an American TV-movie directed by Mark L. Lester of all people! But don't let that scare you away, because even if it lacks the violence and nudity of the Italian movies it's basically in the same style, just a lot more light-hearted and family-friendly. It even starts like a lot of Italian genre movies from this time: Zombie Flesh-Eaters, Contamination,
1/3 c. extra virgin olive oil
Here's Gunny...
The people I am worried about, whom we should all be praying for, are his followers. If you have been following the news you will know that people have quite their jobs, cashed in their retirement, sold all their possessions and have given all of what they believe to be their final days on earth to spreading Camping’s news of Christ’s return.
Alyse Carlson: Alyse Carlson is the pen name for Hart Johnson who writes books from her bathtub. By day she is an academic researcher at a large midwestern university. She lives with her husband, two teenage children and two fur balls. The dust bunnies don't count. This will be her first published book.
Gregory: Welcome to the show Newt
Throw it all in a blender until smooth!
Hardcover: 256 pages
Mostly everything I just listed would be the opposite of me. I'm horribly reactionary, equally as neurotic and desperately passionate. I'm a little bit of a mess at any given time, and always disgusted with my own humanity (in a very narcissistic way) (holy cow, I need to see my therapist).
You might be unsurprised to find out I have never stepped foot in the boozer that puts that sign outside its premises. It is deeply unappealing. It doesn’t tell me the place is smart, it tells me the place is trying too hard, is restrictive and thinks it’s doing me a favour. It is a place trying to keep “the wrong sort” out. It’s like the Daily Mail set up their own pub just for Daily Mail readers. Well “the wrong sort” happen to be my fellow man. I mean, good god, the pub sells meals 2 for a tenner.
One of the common uses for this measurement is determining the efficiency of evaporative coolers in dry regions. In general, a psychrometer or mercury glass bulb thermometer is used for measuring the wet bulb temperature of a location.
All my kisses,
A charter member of the just-announced (to excitement so deafening it’s inaudible) MCOTD Hall of Fame, he’s being celebrated tonight at a concert, in Chicago’s Millenium Park, featuring musicians who came up under him, including saxophonists Steve Coleman and Eric Alexander.
I did my usual prep work: Ice in the bars and a cooler-full in the trunk; water, soda, juice, a couple of newspapers; vacuum and clean the windows. Start the engine, and note that the gas is showing full. Everything normal.
As you know Wayne had the day off today.
I mention all this because I kinda have a daydream… a fantasy, if you will, of the day I tell you about this blog. I want to tell you on your thirteenth birthday, a little more than seven years from now. I want to take you out to dinner somewhere… I imagine it would just be you and me, but that’s only because I don’t know if I’ll be sharing my life with anyone else at that time.
The grey bird seemed to get louder and more cheerful.
“Was the trouser press creaking?” I asked.
I thank God for my mom’s influence in my life, but mostly I thank God that I will see her again one day.
3. Make sure you have all of your camera equipment ready to go. You just never know when you might be able to catch that one interesting picture of that one thing that happens that you might be able to sell to a respectable (or even better, a not so respectable) news agency for $100,000,000.
I spell check.
We spent the entire day reading our books (I finally finished Sarah’s Key that was fantastic), catching up on magazines, chatting, napping….it was glorious. ANNND, the weather cooperated (despite the slightly overcast pics)!
I got the ring when I was a volunteer in the local museum gift shop - it was all of $35 - a lot of money for me when I was 18 years old! The ear cuff is a remnant from my metal days, haha.
If you would like to have the Cutfiles for the individual Dove and Flame - I will be offering them as a freebie in my shop. Just click on the pink 'Shop' button on the right side of the blog to go to my shop.
In case you are wondering how such a nipply topic was raised then let me be the first one on the witness stand.
First, I am troubled by the argument that the church must change its identity due to developments in technology and shifts in culture. Sure, we must adapt to such things, but to say we need a new identity goes a bit far. In arguing what the church needs to be, the missional church tends to forget what the church has always been and will be for eternity.
* Strips of paper
When the water boils, blanche the tomatoes, a few at a time, by immersing them in the boiling water to the count of 20, then remove them from the boiling water. This blanching process helps the skins come off easily. (You can also leave the skins on if you like your salsa with skins.)
Pity Bryan Cowen. Last June Ireland voted to reject the Lisbon Treaty to reform the European Union by 53% to 47%, the only member state to have done so. The government has proposed holding a second referendum later this year. Another defeat would be incalculable in terms of our loss of influence, standing and friends in Europe at a time when we need the EU more than ever. This is one vote the Taoiseach cannot afford to lose.
Rachel paid a price. Nearing thirty, with her father dead, she found herself autonomous and unleashed but decidedly past her prime. Then, in London in the 1880s, at the high noon of imperial Britain, she met Frederick Beer, the sole inheritor of a fortune made by his German forebears.
*1 tsp vanilla extract
The next morning, I got up and got my shit together to catch a ride to the border at 6am after only 4 hours of sleep, but loads of enthusiasm. Jerry happened to be there at the meeting place looking for one more, so I jumped in and he drove us down. He was even awesome enough to take a picture or two for me and send it to my mother who posted it earlier.
All of us are in the look out for good keerai recipes to impress our children as we find it difficult to give them. We all know its nutritional value and its importance in our menu. If this poriyal is prepared with care,I fee it can be given to children without much difficulty. we have to be changing the recipes often so that they don’t feel that they are being given the greens often. I find it difficult with my elder one in giving her keerai even now. It is time that she should have started giving it to her son.
Well, while some of my friends knew this was likely a joke (i have hinted at a SK move for quite some time), others totally fell for it. The few people that i do know in SK seemed really excited. I even started getting new friend requests from SK residents! Likewise, there was a series of public and private e-mails from Newfoundlanders wishing me well, and expressing sadness that i was leaving.
For this "recipe" I simply browned some plantains and some onions in a pan while boiling the water for polenta. When said water was boiled, I whisked in the polenta, then waited till it was thickened to add in plantains and onions. On top was plenty of salt, pepper, sweet paprika, cumin and hot sauce. A perfectly decadent comfort food lunch. Also, polenta is so cheap and makes so much, it is an excellent investment for the pantry.
P.S. I know I mentioned a few Canadian abolitionists at the top of the page, but I know there are many more of you out there. I would love to hear about what you are doing. Feel free to comment with a story or link to other work happening in Canada so we can continue to support one another!
And we blithely tell them that a) a college education is the only way to get ahead; and b) if you want one, you have to get in line at the loan office and spend the first 20 years of your working life paying off that interest.
I am Worthy of Abundance. This does not lead to a “me, first” attitude, doing down others, necessarily: I am one worthy spiritual being among others. It prompts me properly to look after myself. I have taken so much in about my wrongness, so much false shame, and it does no good to me or anyone else.
7 C. pretzels
a clown in costume,
In the article, a pub owner points this out:
I love quinces but I am not alone:
The Association- Goodbye Columbus
The plan was for Tars, and other scoutship captains like him, to spend up to five subjective shipyears during a search mission. Most of that time would be spent exploring in realtime rather than in the time-contraction mode of FTL pseudovelocity and the expected overall time differential was estimated to be on the order of no more than two-to-one, i.e. perhaps ten years would pass on Barsoom for the five they experienced onboard. Crewmembers joked with their planet-bound friends about returning young and healthy to sneer at the aged and decrepit planet dwellers. Everyone had a fine laugh about it.
Protein: 3
Just Being Audrey. Margaret Cardillo. Illustrated by Julia Denos. 2011. HarperCollins. 32 pages.
Do try the new button (3) which changes the view of the recipe list.
Parents who host parties can minimise the risks if they provide adequate duty of care by assigning responsible (and sober!) parents to:
I believe the answer is to avoid scripting our interactions with others. Instead of having one storyteller that hands out marching orders, every player is simultaneously a storyteller and a participant in everyone else’s story. “Old school” roleplayers will read that last sentence, and say, “Well, that’s just normal RP! What’s ‘organic’ about that?” Well, you’re right. We’re getting back to the roots of RP. Roots are organic. Allow me my broad interpretation.
For the crust:
Gotta love adventure!
When other people love me,
“This language is a gross falsification of the relationship between Muhammad and the Jews of Medina,” the report states. “Muhammad … expelled two of the Jewish tribes from Medina and destroyed the third, beheading the men and selling the women and children into slavery. This important and essential historical fact of the Medinan period is commonly omitted in the textbooks reviewed, and it is impossible for students to accurately understand the rise of Islam without it.”
With her at my departure I will leave thee;
It should specifically mention a DCC/DVML Observer as a special case who SHALL attend ALL Board meetings.
Cheese: Cannestrato Madaio, a nutty pecorino from Casa Madaio in Castelcivita.
The way this job thing works is very simple. You will provide a task for a group of people called a company. This company will then, in turn, give you money so that you will not starve to death or be forced to live on the street. You will be expected to show up at this job EVERY day and you will have to get there on time or else a person who has been deemed important will yell at you and eventually fire you.
Two things I'm really looking forward to this month. First is, in less than two weeks I'll be opening my beach house for the summer season! I just can't wait to finally be back by the shore. I'm never happier than when I'm there.
37. I'm Gonna to Hire a Wino to Decorate Our Home -- David Frizzell
You are also now using a fallacy known as ad hominem which is attacking me as a person instead of my points and my arguments. Truly it is a useless and weak endeavor.
The course of studies, which has been accelerated to allow men to begin to work with people who in many cases came into the Church with them, ends May 14, but many of the candidates will continue some type of formal study even after they are ordained. All candidates who did not come into the Church with a master’s degree in theology will be required to do further formal study…
See, I brought only a few projects with me to our temporary digs, and the rest of my fabric and supplies went into storage. But I had just a little bit of fun cotton broadcloth leavings that I'd used to pad my sewing machine in its box for the move. And thus the Apron Challenge.
When we drove by the Superman house, it was vitally important that we did not STOP. We didn't even get a picture people. We kept driving for fear that we might be the victims of a drive-by. Precious and I decided that the GPS needed a "get us out of the ghetto as quick as possible" button.
In terms of writing and dialogue the game is almost beyond description. Payne has a constantly-running monologue about what's going on in comic book-like cut scenes which interrupt the action at frequent (sometimes too frequent) intervals. The problem is that Payne has clearly severely overdosed on Bogart movies and Chandler novels and his narration is extremely cheesy:
I called Posse before we left Vermont, to tell then our decision, but the woman I needed to speak to was busy. I decided not to call back because I didn't know how to explain our decision at all. On our way back to NYC, Posse called Elsa to find out her status. Very sweet. She thanked them kindly and declined.
Bantam Windstone – 1981
The last time I saw you, I was so upset over the whole ordeal and I had no idea how you (or I) would react at seeing each other, that I dang near lost my mind. I knew I couldn’t cry, because I had to be strong for you, and I knew I couldn’t get angry, but I had no idea how I was going to accomplish either one. Your Mom and I went to the bathroom after we checked in, and she left the bathroom while I was in a stall. I was in there by myself – alternating between wanting to scream and wanting to cry, and knowing I couldn’t do either. I told you I had a bit of a breakdown last January (might have been February, I told you the beginning of last year blends together) and it stemmed from me suppressing emotions for five years. So I’m careful not to do that anymore, but that means that I don’t control them well either, (as you’ve seen). But I knew I had to control them that day. I also knew I had to let them out. So I did a spectacular spin and karate kicked the wall as hard as I could. Flat footed, I knew better than to kick it with my toe, I’d break something. It jolted me so hard, it about knocked me to the ground, and I realized I’d burned off the sadness and anger and I could handle facing you – whatever I found on the other side of the glass. And you smiled at me from the hallway and I knew you were happy to see me. And your mother said something about me being 37 and you looked at me and cracked, “YOU’RE 37?!?!?” and I knew you were ok because you were cracking jokes. Then I looked you dead in the eyes and made you promise you’d be ok, and you did, and I believed you.
It's true, I've been a total slacker when it comes to this blog. Between our summer activities and all of the lawn and garden work we've been doing lately, I've barely had time to cook, let alone write about it.
The airport's chief fire officer has resigned, apparently because of the lack of training provided for his staff.
I am now in week 9 of my half marathon training. I intended to write weekly recaps, but fell through after week 4. While I smashed my milestones or tune up races, I fell short in sticking to some of the planned sessions. I missed many easy runs, and I have had to skip one or two long runs. What were my excuses? Well, firstly, uni started this week, and the new routine and the load that came with it just overwhelmed me and threw me off my plan. The previous week hubby was away for work, so that didn’t help either.
I think that religion is just a man-made thing. I don’t see the point in all of the extreme religious ceremonies, traditions, rules, and protocols. They exist to make people feel better, to give people something to believe in, to give us hope. I remember going to church when I was younger and I could not understand how my religion was the only right way to go. It didn’t seem fair that only Christians would go to heaven and everyone else in the world is doomed to hell.
Zarathos, the demon called Ghost Rider, is the only smart one in the lot: he sees the cultists as suckers, and uses their worship to overpower Blaze's will. He also plans to trade the pyromaniac's soul to hell in exchange for his freedom, and she's so entranced with his flames she'd let him do it. The conclusion, and most of the rest of this one are pretty standard, but that's not a bad bit.
That gives us a general idea. A very general idea, because as you can see, what "work" is or what "counts" as work is really very vague. As defined by dictionary.com, work (noun) means exertion or effort directed to produce or accomplish something; labor; toil.
I hope you enjoyed my pictures! Have a wonderful rest of the weekend. I think I'm going to take some NyQuil and go lay down. I can't be sick...I have to much to do!
Indeed, it seems that the Smithsonian at one time reported oddities like these which they uncovered, especially during the “giant boom” of the late nineteenth century. Still, I can’t help but ask; if these kinds of discoveries were ever at all commonplace, why aren’t skeletons and other anomalies like this found more frequently in modern times… or are they?
Electric Beat is a dusty light blue that is almost cornflower/ periwinkle but not exactly. Not the easiest to describe, but very pretty. Formulation is perfect; two coats and not issues what so ever. Is it unique though...
Good afternoon everyone, I hope you are all having a lovely long weekend off. I have some news to share today. The lovely ladies over at Stampin for the Weekend have kindly asked me to join their fabulous team, and of course I had to say yes!!!!! I am so thrilled to be joining them . Pop on over and take a look here. The challenge at SFTW this week is Ready Teddy GO....
She has her grief and her care,
Malachi 3:6
DISCUS, not so incidentally, spearheaded $2.1 million in distilling industry financial support for the distillery reconstruction and has an ongoing relationship with the Mount Vernon complex.
Pho 68 is a Vietnamese Cafe serving 'Traditional Vietnamese and select Pacific rim cuisine'. Their words not mine. I'm not really sure what they're on about with the Pacific rim bit, in practice the lengthy menu comprises a fairly short list of Vietnamese classics (noodle soups, summer rolls, clay pot dishes, grilled meat and rice/noodle plates) and a far longer one of Anglo-Chinese dishes.
NNO March 1 at 9:01pm
Experts said they saw few easy ways to resolve the case of Chen, who has said that he and his wife suffered severe beatings for defiantly speaking out after he completed a four-year jail sentence.
Make sure you leave a note before you leave and I'll
Bad Day by Graham Marks is all about a teen boy called Rob who manages to almost screw up in a big way. I liked this story - it made me grin as I can really imagine something like this happening. Rob has met a girl online and they've agreed to meet. So he's managed to get ready and slip out of the house and get into London without much trouble. But it's when he's waiting to meet his friend Tessa that things go wrong. A scurvy looking man tries to to actually pick him up and Rob gets questioned about the police and he's embarrassed and livid because it looks like Tessa's stood him up. In a huff he gets home and signs in on his computer and writes a wild angry email to Tessa which he doesn't - LUCKILY - not send. Whilst he's online, Tessa comes online and well, things are made clear. It is well written and goes to great lengths to show us what a worrier Rob is, how he second guesses himself, and how anxious that makes him. It also shows us how silly our preconceptions sometimes can be but how we should listen to our gut instincts and not do something stupid.
Parameters: NST= 40, Nph= 40, Dmin=733.6 km, Rmss=1.54 sec, Gp=133°, M-type=body wave magnitude (Mb), Version=6
Oh Lord and Master, Thou who didst wash Thy disciples’ feet of old, still
Don't Look Now
I had cause to call on Denise’s detective skills when I was trying to track down the estate of an author whose permission I needed for a project I was working on. She was super quick at getting a result, but more than that her integrity shone through as she made sure to look after not only my interests as her client, but also the interests of the other party who she had no monetary involvement with. I know she was very hot on the ethical aspects of her job, and she was, I believe, something of a leader in terms of getting her industry to behave in a decent and law abiding manner.
If you think an ‘elevator pitch’ is just a frenzied two-minute sales pitch you would be wrong! Well, come on, how do you react when someone backs you into a corner and gives you their best marketing shot? Yep, it’s often too much, too quickly, and too in your face. Read this article by Geoffrey James in Inc. magazine to brush up your style:
I bought the pumpkin at Michael's for $6.49, and the rhinestones were $3.99. I had a 40 % off coupon for the rhinestones. They came already in the scroll pattern, so you just have to glue them on. Super easy. I should have bought two packages, so I'll have to go back to complete the back part of the pumpkin.
Gordon Thomas, Journey into Madness: The True Story of Secret CIA Mind Control and Medical Abuse, Bantam Books, 1989
4. I am now a vegetarian.
Get That. Even when we are all vacationing together, we have a difficult time
You can always find something new and tasty at House of Organics, S34/35. Try the heirloom purple radishes for $3.99kg or the new season chestnuts for $5 bag. Organic carrots are 4.50 bunch , fennel is magic at this time $1.99 each, fresh pimento are $5.99kg, spaghetti squash are $3.99kg and brilliant looking celery bunches for $3.99 each. Cocos's, S20/21, also are home to the unusual with a tropical twist. Fejoa are $7.95kg, jicama
For a while there I think maybe I thought life was easy, but it's really not. Not for anyone. It's hard whether you're working or parenting or both or neither.
The Seventh Degree Of Separation special edition package is a 56 minute long, 13 track CD in a 3 leafed digibook with a 28 page pullout booklet packed with original artwork + a bonus 50 minute DVD “The making of The Seventh Degree Of Separation”, where each member of the band gives you some insight into the process they go through to make the music. The track list is as follows:
Considering that Secret Societies are supposed to be, by definition, secret, and that history is often rewritten by those in power, obtaining the unbiased truth about the Illuminati is a challenge. This article does not claim to “reveal” or “expose” everything that is to be known about the Illuminati; it rather attempts draw a more precise picture of the Order by citing authors who have extensively studied the subject. Whether they are, at the end of the day, critics or apologists of the Illuminati, these authors base their thoughts on credible facts. Some of the most interesting documents on the Illuminati were written by initiates of Secret Societies as they understood the philosophical and spiritual undercurrent driving the movement forward. Using these works, we will look at the origins, the methods and the impacts of the Illuminati on world history.
The SADF and SAPS becomes a threat, not because of being deployed against whites, but because they have been taking in the jobless useless hobos off the street, low quality individuals that do not want to be there, but are there just for the salary. When civil war breaks out many of their so-called soldiers would join their rebel partners in crime. These soldiers have access to weapons. The criminal elements in the SAPD would do the same, they'd use the opportunity to take care of themselves. These criminal elements in uniform would rape, murder and maim for the hell of it, because they are not soldiers, they are criminals.
So I've got to take it easy. The most important thing about this training plan is that I have to run smart, happy and healthy and recover even smarter, happier and healthier so that I can ease into training for the NYC Marathon. This is my first time running more than 1 marathon in a year and while some people can run 3,4,5+ marathons per year like it's nothing, I'm not one of those people.
Moody’s form of helping her father’s dementia was to negate whatever he said with conditions. In this case, she left the option open that, indeed, there may have been an appointment on the calendar requiring an airport ride, but it wasn’t for today.
NaturalHairLatina received one or more of the products mentioned above for free for evaluation purposes, received compensation to write this post and is an affiliate of one or more of the products and banners you will see on this site. Regardless, all opinions expressed are still 100% my own. I am disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commissions 16 CFR, Part 255 Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials In Advertising. NaturalHairLatina Disclosure.
Even with precautions, I’ve still gotten some bad eggs (probably a total of 3 in my entire life, but when you’re looking at a bad egg, 3 is enough.) When I cook, I ALWAYS crack my eggs into a separate bowl and not directly into the batter. That way if the egg is bad, I don’t have to throw everything away, I just need to grab another egg. This is probably a good move for anyone who uses eggs to cook.
The line up of lipsticks are a hydrating sheer lip shine that have a very natural pearly pay off. The two colours depending on the intensity you prefer are a soft beige and a warm coral.
When you welcome the world into your home, the world brings its baggage with it and, as we discover anew each day there are some very nasty contraband lurking in those bags. What we are seeing is just the beginning.
But he confesses that many of the cars he has had sex with have belonged to strangers or car showrooms.
The Haggerty brothers have long sought to overthrow Ragusa and are actively supporting Ognibene, while Dennis Gallagher is a Ragusa ally. Gallagher himself resigned from office in disgrace in 2008 after pleading guilty to misdemeanor sex abuse charges.
One.
The interesting part of this is that the remaining regulars are there by force of habit. They think "I need a ride" and so they dial The Boss. Or their PA does so. Any new customers we get are one-timers only, choosing the first or second choice that popped up from where Google laid its egg.
Last November I got an e-mail forwarded from the website – I
Lena: Your Majesty, what Mona says is wrong! The living child is mine! The dead child is hers!
That ance were plush, o'guid blue hair,
...and I love the little 'hairy bits' that I found in it while felting. :)
Our people are still out there, we only have to reach them.
(And my weight is the same as it was a couple of days ago....holding at 238).
I flicked through it almost irreverently to reach the last chapters more quickly. I was familiar with the Old German and the Gothic alphabet in which it was written. I was familiar with the grotesque images of the sea-monk, and the sea-maiden, and the sea-swine, and the hydra. But what I saw further was beyond my hopeful expectations. This is only what I could take in a frantic glimpse, before he snapped the book closed and reclaimed his possession of it. There were maps of the northern lands, of the cold seas that bathed the Scandinavian countries, all the way up to the frigid Arctic Circle. On these maps there were marks indicating spots in the seas. There were drawings of bulbous submarine towers, suspended spheres with myriad windows, foul beings floating among them. A glimpse I had – and nothing more.
Cups (red)
02. Bullfrog Blues - 3:43
The group alleges that Bare Naked Islam threatened Muslims, and CAIR apparently moved aggressively against the blog for its leading role in attacking TLC's program "All American Muslim."
it only got one fang into my thumb thanks to the angle.
Richard Taylor / from Hospital / 98-108
We traveled to Johor on Christmas Eve, as we will travel to Kukup Island the next day. To avoid tired long hours driving we overnight at Johor.
It seems like yesterday
So, here's what I do: On the first of each month, I send home one homework sheet for the entire month. On it is six activities the kiddos are to do at home. If they complete three of the activities during the month, they receive one point, if they complete more than three they receive two points, and if we meet our class homework point goal, the whole class gets a reward. I always have an alphabet-based activity, one or more to do with our monthly unit theme, one where all they have to do is color a picture I attach, and the rest get changed up as I see fit. Each item is on the easier side for my higher kiddos to ensure even my low kiddos can participate at all, but everyone will always need some assistance, even if it's just reading the directions and recording their answers. An example from January is below (if I can get the embedding to work):
Texas.
Step 4: Write silly, heartfelt, or loving messages on the back. Let the kids color pictures or sign their names.
Let’s hope I can hold my tongue when I start teaching. My husband tells me ALL the time to watch my mouth. It’s dirty and I can’t help it.
I know why all the neighbors
It was so good to get home again. Only thing is a couple of days later I ended up back in emergency with a massive blood clot in my leg so spent 3 more days in hospital for them to get me on blood thinners. It has been a long haul but thanks be to God I am doing extremely well and slowly getting my strength back.
I posted this video on my FB status today (and I actually get a kick out of it, but only if I overlook the silver-bikini-clad dancer). Other songs that have been appearing in the playlist: "I'm a Survivor" (by Destiny's Child) and "2 Legit 2 Quit" (by M.C. Hammer).
Well, it’s been an extremely busy few weeks. It’s not really going to stop being busy until 1 week from today, so we’ll see how it goes. I feel like I’ve been running around like a chicken with its head cut off turning in and writing papers and taking exams – it has definitely been crazy!
"In Buenos Aires they call me Angel del Gotan, but I am just a tanguero, a man who is led by the music. He left immediately, snatching his umbrella from the table near the door as he left. She toyed with her necklace, and just then remembered that she had worn a single pearl that night. "That's so weird," she told herself. "That's just too weird!" She stared at the door for nearly a minute until a friend came over to her to ask if she was okay.
The movie was phenomenal. The crew did an amazing job recreating the grey physical and emotional demeanor of District 12 (Appalachia/coal country). When Effie Trinket (played by Elizabeth Banks, who you might remember from Zack and Miri Make a Porno), the Capitol representative assigned to the District 12 tributes, steps onto the stage to draw the names, she and a flag of Panem above her are the ONLY splashes of color in an otherwise grey and brown world.
Physically I feel okay. I was able to do my crunches and it was easy. No judgment. I had to write that phrase because I know I’m going to post this in my “serious blog” and I can feel the stress creeping on my back. I have to keep on writing and keep on focusing on other things, so I won’t remember to be scared.
Uh, back to the penny. You remember when you could actually buy something for a penny … that was way back before the Feds quantative easing. In case you don’t know, Quantative easing, that FED CODE WORDS FOR JUST PRINTING MONEY.
Our recent visit gave us a chance to enjoy a brief span of daily life with another unschooling family. It's the first such visit we've ever had. Which tells you a lot about how isolated we've been.
“We are being forced to discriminate against foreigners.”
So, today i'm still playing catch up with the SCS Sketch Challenges.
And then there was Grandma. I knew when Grandma was starting to go to the land of senility when she handed me a birthday card one year. I tore open the envelope, and opened the card. She and Grandpa always gave me a lot of money for my birthday, so I always hurried to get to theirs. She wrote:
I'm not sure where this is going exactly, still some sweetness in there - honey, dried fruits, OJ etc, but no obvious "sugar" sugar. It would probably be a good idea to cut all forms of sweeteners I suppose but one step at a time. In fact cutting these sugars are probably the only step!!
As for me, I will boast only about the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ; for by means of His cross the world is dead to me, and I am dead to the world, Amen!
Student : Sir, you are working on the premise of duality. You argue there is life and then there is death, a good God and a bad God. You are viewing the concept of God as something finite, something we can measure. Sir, science can’t even explain a thought. It uses electricity and magnetism, but has never seen much less fully understood either one. To view death as the opposite of life is to be ignorant of the fact that death cannot exist as a substantive thing. Death is not the opposite of life: just the absence of it. Now tell me, professor, do you teach your students that they evolved from a monkey?
In the living room~
To be a better daughter and to stop thinking mean and bitchy thoughts.
Okay, more to come. There are some darn cute little videos. But this is all for tonight.
having said that, i also enjoy the other parts of this holiday season. allow me to bullet now.
Continue in garter st, decreasing 1 st each end of needle every row to 2 sts on needle. K2tog. fasten off.
I'll leave you with yet another graphic that I've made. This one is cool to me because of the asymmetric aspect of the elements. I hope you enjoy it and have a wonderful week!
“The fact that there are now more smartphones shipped and installed in the Canadian market than feature phones, speaks volumes about where the industry is headed,” said Krista Napier, senior analyst and tracker team lead for mobility at IDC Canada.
Tout son corps s'affaisse contre terre.
When he saw how intrigued I was by her handiwork,
At Stan's they welcome dogs. Even if they're on the table while you're eating.
I got some really cool gift wrap at Hobby Lobby, and decoupaged the backs again. Then I just dry brushed green and yellow all over the white...
Since there have not been any news of threats against Najib, his children or even his unpopular wife, the ‘assignment’ is unlikely to involve their personal, family or national security. There were also those who wondered if it was a ‘health issue’, but looking at how chubby and in the pink of health Najib and Rosmah are, that is unlikely.
Again, no response. This time he followed with “AN ANSWER IS REQUIRED!”
By the way…this blog writing is great. Just free styling -Stephanie style-with no rhyme nor reason. I love it! I welcome your feedback to: Twitter: @msstephabdullah and stefini200@yahoo.com.
Spanish Civil War Verse (1980)
- Aprons
The beer has a reddish brown hazy color with a nice thick head at the top. Sugary lacing follows all the way down to the bottom of the glass. Smells very hoppy, spicy (Christmas spice) and fruity. Tastes very hoppy with a nice slight caramel malt to balance it out. It is a medium bodied beer which helps the session. It is not so bitter that it is overwhelming but hops are the main culprit in the beer. Very good showing for a winter brew.
One of the most popular juices in the United States, orange juice benefits are a great source of Vitamin C, Folic Acid, and potassium. Consuming orange juice with high iron food helps the body absorb iron better.
One of the fun things about sick kiddos, is how sweet and snuggly they are.... Maggie really likes pictures when she's a snuggle monster.
- Theme: Cloud (It may not the main theme, but indicate dear cloud in it)
Along the way, the very nature of research and information gathering had changed. When I was in grad school, my days in the libraries and archives felt like detective hunts. Much of the information I needed was difficult to track down, hard to access, and time-consuming to record and interpret. If I ended the day with even a snippet of relevant facts and figures, I felt I’d triumphed against the odds.
As I browse the web I have found a few bloggers with what I consider real talent - they hold my attention, make me laugh, cry, or sometimes even get angry. They write about things they like…their faith, their families, their thoughts and feelings. Most have never been published, and probably never will. But each day they offer their words to the world for free, and I think that is pretty doggone awesome. So today I will finish by writing about what I like - blogs. Your blogs. You inspire me, amuse me, and make me think. Pat yourself on the back. Because we can't. We aren't anywhere near you. Of course, you are probably okay with that.
The phasing out of Thimerosal from vaccines intended for children is all well and good, but the preservative is still found in many vaccines intended for adults. Did someone realize that mercury in vaccines is too strong for children, making them sick and ultimately unproductive, but perfect to dumb-down fully developed adults? The ruling class is not looking to create a generation of autistic people who would need constant care, but a mass of “useful idiots” that can accomplish repetitive and mind-numbing tasks, while accepting without questioning what they are being told.
Second, I think the idea of agape needs clarification, because every time that the word love is used in this sermon, he means agape. He’s not talking about eros, about erotic love, about the love of beauty, or about the love of attraction. He’s also not talking about philia, about the love of companionship, the love of friendship, or the love of kinship. He is talking about agape, about understanding, redemptive goodwill. He is talking about having a basic feeling, a basic attitude toward all people that acknowledges their basic worth as human beings, that understands that they struggle to be good, just as we do, and that hopes, one day, that they will overcome their inner demons and come to live out the better angels of their nature, just as we have those hopes for ourselves.
Never one to do anything by halves, I decided to make good use of the heated wood stove ovens and the 4 litre ice-cream container full of poached quinces that I had left over from my quince poaching event last week. Steve was born in the year of the Dragon and has the luck of a Dragon to boot. Whenever I go hunting for recipes I inevitably find what I am looking for through sheer hard slog…wading through acres of mediocre sites to find one gem in the pile. Steve heads off to find a recipe and “BAM” he not only finds amazing recipes first go, but he finds a truly wonderful site along with it. After making the recipe for “A poached quince cake” I did what I usually do and went for a bit of a look-see at the rest of the site. I felt an instant alignment with the woman who owns this blog. I have more than a sneaking suspicion that what happens to us is meant to happen to us. I know that everything happens for a reason and just because it looks and feels like the most devastating thing that we are never going to get over, doesn’t mean that something incredible isn’t born from the ashes…indeed the pain of said event gives birth to the conditions for newfound happiness. We both lost a parent in January this year and I urge you to read this persons tribute to her father. Her honesty and her rich sense of the English vernacular are translated into the fabric of her posts and if I can only work out how to follow this blog I will!
Guardian of the future, he'll implement the law
A, I do love you. Always will I think. Not the kind of love to move mountains obviously...and lately, I'm not sure if I'm capable of such love. Perhaps not. Perhaps, I am also selfish. I gave up as soon as you did. But I've learnt from the past, that holding on to something.. and being the only one to hold on to it..is incredibly stupid. And lets not even get into the heartache that comes from that. I can't. I can't let my heart break for you again. It barely survived before.
Below are some video clips of her gifts that she showered me for Christmas..it's incredible!
Lucy has also counted to 10, and knows all her ABC's.
The photo above shows the beautiful weather during her birthday walk.
Gonna let it shine
Rochelle made it down yesterday for her shoot. She was all ill when she arrived, but after putting on her gear (which included a killer corset and a pair of ankle breaking platform heels), her health seemed to take a turn for the better. Perhaps there's something to be said for making yourself look fabulous as a way to stop feeling sick and ready to roll.
And this is where Wilshere has his responsibility. Would he be so enamoured at the prospect of the Olympics if it were not being held in England? Which it essentially is. No, he would not; the issue would not even be arising since Team GB FC‘s existence is that contrived. In my eyes, David Seaman hit the nail squarely on the head; the Olympics are not for professional footballers.
What bothers me is her saying Brock Williams (Bill Wood) is interviewing Drake…remember I revealed that Brock is CIA and his mission is to get close to certain people and terminate them by order of Poppy Bush and Obama…Drake could be in danger of assassination or being turned into a transvestite tearoom trader.
If you are going to try out any trend, I think it's best to do it in small, inexpensive doses. Do it on things that are easy to swap out. In other words, I wouldn't go buying an upholstered chevron couch that costs thousands, but I would drop it on some super cute throw pillows or an inexpensive rug. What trends are you into?
It is evening and Collin is in a good mood;
Paper: Kraft and Suede Brown Dark by Bazzill, Detail Blending Paper by Couture Cardstock
We managed to get in some waterfall trips. We ‘discovered’ Tallulah Gorge State Park in Georgia and fell in love with the waterfalls and the trails. We enjoyed our first trip in June so much that we went back in October. We also visited new waterfalls in Arkansas, Georgia, North Carolina and Tennessee. We revisited some old favorites in each of those places as well.
Ana Silvera, who we saw in Norwich last week, or the week before, who has a lovely voice, writes her own songs, plays guitar and keyboard and is very much - not at all surprisingly - on her way up. Latest work with Reverb Festival at the Round House last month, a new piece for herself and the Estonian Television Girls Choir.
If you were not ko Pheli this weekend, the Q is ne o le kae? Cause Pheli was the place to be at this past weekend.
song of the day: Wir Sind Helden- Denk Mal
11. It's Five O'Clock Somewhere -- Alan Jackson and Jimmy Buffett
So it’s a few weeks out from Christmas. A and I are cosying up in a little hotel in San Ignacio – it’s off the main street so hopefully traffic noise will be at a minimum. But – whatever – we have earplugs for that.
‘As it turns out, it’s a macabre but doable task, given some expert assistance,’ she writes at the magazine site.
In other news, I am moving into the urban myth of local real estate- a rent controlled apartment by the beach! I am quite lucky this week. I should remember that next time I have a car cry/nervous breakdown upon hearing that people are pregnant and getting married (sorry mom).
Describing Epstein's monumental Adam, of the flaying cock and awe-some girth with the self-consciously silly words "still has the power to embarrass," the only thing embarrassing was the whiny, wheezy text, typical "lest thou be shocked" worth of an Old Testament morality tale. No, actually even Jehovah did modesty better.
Tyler was in the NICU for a while after he was born. He was very sick- really long story. After watching someone else take care of him for weeks on end, I was getting antsy to take him home. I started making them show me how to work all of his monitors and tubes, how to insert, remove and fill them... the works. Finally they decided I was ready to care for him myself- but first one last blood draw. Unfortunately they had already removed his pic line as well as his other 3 IVs so they had to poke him with another needle. I thought I was tough so I watched.
SCANDAL – I think it will survive. And Shonda Rhimes still has about one more year as ABC’s Teacher’s Pet.
With me!”: I differ when I say,
As for self publishing, I have seen people begin to switch over, or even start with self publishing their work. It is a great tool for those who cannot find a publishing house to take your book, and also for people who like to work on their. Not that self publishing is any less difficult. In choosing this route you have to edit your work yourself, or have someone do it for you. Something that I’ve noticed that helps greatly is if you have a website for people to find your work. It can still take a while, but in the same that you would be waiting for your publisher, you are traversing Facebook, Twitter and other places getting your book out there.
2.Sat 12 Jun 2010, 15:30, BBC Radio 4
What happened was that at the end of World War II, at the Bretton Woods accords of 1944, Britain, France and the US were given the right to control the world’s currency.
Christian groups worry that because their faith-based curricula teach that God created the Earth and that homosexuality and abortion are sins, they will be sanctioned by authorities and forced to stop home-schooling. Alternatively, they fear that a complaint lodged against them will land them before the Alberta Human Rights Commission.
Some people wonder why I write such strange stuff in my books. Isn’t it obvious??
I thought in celebration, I would leave you with five of the most iconic wedding gowns in recent history.
As the rally wound down, Hunley-Adossa announced the presence of several other CBA signatories, though some, such as the Rev. Herbert Daughtry, were missing. Markowitz and other elected officials were long gone.
Of particular concern are the implications of the President's behavior for our national security. As Commander-in-Chief, President Clinton fully understood the risks that he was imposing on the country's security with his secret affair in the White House. Even in this post-Cold War era, foreign intelligence agents constantly look for opportunities for deception, propaganda, and blackmail. No higher targets exist than the President and the White House. The President even acknowledged in a phone call with Ms. Lewinsky that foreign agents could be monitoring their conversations. Yet this knowledge did not dissuade the President from continuing his affair. With premeditation, he chose his own gratification above the security of his country and the success of his presidency. Then he chose to compound the damage by systematically lying about it over the span of many months.
I’m not sure he’s ever going to be able to pick out players through the lines with Alex Song’s consistency, but in 2010 his passing was more assertive and more accurate than ever. It counts that for all the trouble Diaby’s had since the last World Cup Laurent Blanc is still hoping he can get fit for the Euros.
But ultimately, Prokofiev remained a Romantic at heart, moved by folk idioms, ethnic influences, myth, and a commitment to love as the foundation for human relations. Prokofiev wrote that he saw “Cinderella not only as a fairy-tale character but also as a real person who thinks, moves, suffers, and rejoices like one of ourselves.” This musical play between reality and fantasy, innocence and adult perspective is an ideal setting for a classic coming-of-age tale in which a disadvantaged young woman, armed with kindness and beauty, must find her rightful place in a cruel, dangerous, and oppressive world.
So while some of us study design books and play with color and others arrange and rearrange imaginary furniture in paper apartments, others cook or bake. We pass the time as best we can, anticipating future events, our imaginations running through all possible solutions; we try with all of our might to play out success all around while stealing ourselves for rejection and failure. Clouds pass, shades of drab, rain glitters on the pavement while the birds twitter and chirp in expectation. Distant laughter like promises float up from below, emails checked, son and husband huddle over the computer to search for possibilities, the clicking of fingers across keyboards, the whirring of the printer…. and we wait.
In line with our new policy, here is a sneak preview of our next two archive images. For those who prefer an element of surprise, close your eyes now!
The thing is though that these bad boys are still bad boys after they fall in love, to everyone else except the woman they love. And I think that is what intrigues women. They can kick the shit out of a guy and then bring you roses and kiss you until your knees go weak.
I sure wouldn’t have thought that was possible. And I bet coaches like Mike Price and George O’Leary wonder what in the hell Emmert’s blathering on about.
Nick Cave & The Bad Seeds Weeping song AUS
Founding a company and getting it off the ground is one of the most rewarding experiences for an entrepreneur, and it’s the type of challenge that a mind like that thrives on. However, when you build something successful you can’t just abandon it or it will eventually deflate. Businesses require a CEO who can take charge and handle the execution of the business, and sometimes that’s not the same type of person as the creative mind who visualized the business in the first place.
and younger will now be based on their work record not their husbands – but your husband should also be able to put away money for your retirement years tax free if you choose to work at home (children, home, elder relatives care, etc.).
The only drawback with this song is a lot gets lost unless you're listening closely. Something like "Brown Shoes Don't Make It" demands your attention because it grabs you. "No Not Now" works on a subtle level, with so much going on you could invariably thing it's a funky danceable number with some (seemingly) repetitive tags sung by The Bee Gees.
* a ladder unit and a rescue vehicle that came with the fire station
Below we show some of the accessories, starting with bracelets in ‘Two-Way Deco Print’ and ‘Green Plaid,’ both $16.99.
holly and cones for a winter display.
That day finally came – of completing the circle that had started at 9.00 AM on Thursday 11 August 2005 — a one-hour trip to get a RM10 tube of morphine “to help cope with self-hatred from a meaningless life tangled with hopeless situations”. Instead, it took 16 months and one week… and without the morphine.
I designed an otomi print that I was happy with based off of lots of patterns I had come across online. I made a 60"x60" square document and scaled my otomi pattern to fit. I then tiled the document so that I could print it out full scale-- I then spent far too long piecing together the document with tape. I have to tell you, that process was a bit tedious! I then placed the pattern on top of the headboard that Landon and Kelli had cut out of MDF. We decided how we wanted the pattern to be seen on the headboard, taped it to the front of the headboard and then flipped it over....
Meanwhile, there is more puzzlement today about why Newscorp appears to have a divine right to receive extensions on everything it is asked to produce. Now the company has applied for and been granted an extension to a deadline set by the Commons Home Affairs Select Committee to provide details of payments made by The Sun to police officers. The request – from entirely upright citizen Keith Vaz – followed evidence from then editor Rebekah Brooks to MPs in 2003. During this session (on video) she said: “We have paid police for information in the past.”
My wool friends will need a shore stone in their bottoms!
We’ld have a ball
To make the card I built a frame out of dimensional foam tape on the back of the PP background panel. I coloured the edges of the white foam black with a Sharpie marker to make it 'disappear' - I must get my hands on that black foam tape I've seen recently! Make a folded card from black cardstock the same size and adhere the PP background panel to it effectively sandwiching the bulky iris folding between the two. Decorate the interior of the card by adhering a Swirl border strip down the right hand edge with a glue stick.
So, that's the deal! At least I got some good-ish reading time in. The posting shall return tomorrow :)
But in every and all situations where this doesn't happen, you have a "Web video" which is just as cool in it's own right, don't knock it.
Excuse me,I have to turn off the router,switch off the connection until further notice.You know where to find me.Aristotelous Square.
You just don’t understand.
The biggest difference between the XBLA version and the iOS version is the Commander. Although the iOS version had the benefit of touchscreen controls, this version lets you directly control the Commander out on the battlefield to collect power-ups and money,as well as heal your team.
BUT I still wanted to have fun and spend time as a family and make some memories! I got a little idea and I started sharing it with my kids. It went something like this: This year for the 4th of July everyone is going to come up with some food idea for our celebration. If possible, it should have a 4th of July theme.
And once I had the two of them – my hero and heroine -- the other pieces started to come together.
You would not believe what I just had to go through to get this image uploaded. Got to love internet hiccups.
There’s a new kid in town and his name is Cocoa Almond Butter, he goes by CAB for short. How do you get to know him? And trust me, you want to…you make him!
and cats staring at me
Like John, I try not to use adverbs either, but I'm sure if the editor made me pay a nickel for every one I used, she'd probably be able to pay for a nice steak dinner.
Do not boil the milk for a long time after adding the coconut milk. Try to use fresh coconut milk, not the caned ones.
What type of pet is right for your family?
I leave you with this I said in a previous post, Spencer W. Kimball said this about women, " To be a righteous woman is a glorious thing in any age. To be a righteous woman during the winding up scenes on earth, before the second coming of our Saviour, is an especially noble calling. The righteous woman's strength and influence today can be tenfold what it might be in more tranquil times. She has been placed here to help enrich, to protect, and to guard the home - which is society's basic and most noble institution. Other institutions in society may falter and even fail - but the righteous woman can help save the home, which may be the last and only sanctuary some mortals know in the midst of storm and strife." He goes on to say, "Mothers have a sacred role...Motherhood is a holy calling...No greater recognition can come to you in this world than to be known as a woman of God. No greater status can be conferred upon you than being a daughter of God, who experiences true sisterhood, wifehood and motherhood or other tasks which influence lives for good." Then he says, "There has never been a time in the world when the role of woman has been more confused. The impact and influence of woman and mothers on our world is most important. The thought that 'the hand that rocks the cradle rules the world' is more viable today than ever before."
3 want
We are today faced with testing the assertion that moral values are the supreme values. Method in investigation is attained only when all moral prejudices have been overcome:--it represents a victory over morality--
07. Beacon of light (prod. by San the Instru-Monumentalist)
WASHINGTON — Hiring slowed to a near-standstill last month. Employers added the fewest jobs in nine months and the unemployment rate rose to 9.2 percent.
Then there's the lyrics. It's a character study of a woman at a dance club who pumps quarters into the jukebox to simply listen to the music she loves, like an addiction. She doesn't dance, she doesn't interact with anyone else, just listens to the music. Ray assures us, the listener, that "It's only jukebox music!" After that stellar guitar break in the middle, the lyrics get personal, compounded by it being Ray and Dave singing these lyrics, seemingly to each other:
into a larger number all the time.
The World Cup-winning Brazilian coach Carlos Alberto Parreira, brought in on a multimillion-dollar contract, has resigned. The country's star striker, Blackburn's Benni McCarthy, is refusing to play. And for the first time since the end of apartheid, South Africa has failed to qualify for the African Cup of Nations.
The synopsis reads...
Driskill Mountain is located behind the Mount Zion Independent Presbyterian Church. A short hike takes you to the modest summit area, marked by a stone cairn and a marker containing a metal box with a sign-in register.
When I don't have to wash up the fourth load of dishes that day and simultaneously solve an animation software problem, find Leo's wolf and help Tansy cast on twelve stitches please, I can look at my life with softer eyes, see myself with more tenderness and love, and feel immense gratitude for what I have.
Why was MCA and Wee attacked? MCA has attacked ALL the minorities by encouraging continuance of apartheid from remaining in BN. Wee and MCA is a symbol of apartheid – ‘si mata sepet’ versions of ‘Uncle Toms’ if anything. Shouldn’t such symbols know what they are? Some of these grassroots don’t communicate well, the hazards of taking bad political decisions (staying in BN instead of leaving apartheid BN and leading 3rd Force despite having so much wealth . . . ) are exactly as expressed by these angry citizens. Minorities races in Malaysia and worldwide seek :
I am excited to share another kit with you-using the Just Believe stamp set for my October Kit Tutorial.
Maybe his taste for the high-life was what did for him.
She’s had implants to stop labour and delivery until she’s finished with the publicity.
And to remember that in spite of the sad, bad, ugly, seemingly hopeless, moments,
Half an hour later I landed on the springboard floor with an “oof!” after deciding that downclimbing wasn’t going to work out on the route I was on. I got a good workout in hustling from the wall immediately past the point of entry to the freestanding bouldering area–a four-sided “boulder” (bouldering wall) covered in traverses and aretes as well as standard lap routes of varying degrees of difficulty. And here’s where I started having trouble.
Also if he wishes to be president then he must have the courage to defend himself and his colleagues against outside forces like stupid conservative religously obsessed groups especially when their against the humanrights of a colleague !
Now that the Offensive Behaviour at Football and Threatening Communications (Scotland) Act 2012 has come into effect, I wonder if its provisions would cover a group of Celtic supporters standing outside Ibrox doing nothing more than laughing their socks off?
2. JIMBO IN PURGATORY
Family Ethics
3) Vanilla cupcake with Godiva mocha whipped cream sprinkled with cocoa powder, topped with a Dunkin Donut coffee bean.
She claimed things changed and she needs to sell the house. This would assume she is some sort of financial bind. Since then workers show up and then aren't seen for weeks. The house gets worked on for a few days and then no one shows up. It took at least 2 months after her email to me informing she was selling for her to clear out the trash and fix some of the things in my apartment that were broken. Other items on my check list still remain undone, but they are mostly aesthetic.
Now this would have been cute as a pin, but I’m not much of a pin wearer. So naturally I snapped the pin back off.
With that I would like to say farewell and keep up the stupendously good work.
Saturday, May 5th
On my first day as a volunteer whale watcher it was a very cold & cloudy day and I was told it was actually a good day to spot whales. I didn't ask why at the time. I made the assumption it had something to do with the calm waters or just the weather in general, kind of like how worms always come out when it rains. Well maybe not quite like that. Anyway, today the sun was beaming, the skies were crispy clear and the surf was kicking up a bit of a spray as the onshore breeze steadily pushed the waves towards me and I thought about how before I volunteered I normally would have said that this type of day would be a good day for whale watching. And then I pointed my binox southeast and winced as the sun's reflection off the waters burned sparkling diamonds and mirrored white light shapes into my retinae. This, combined with the white caps and waves, made me think it would be next to impossible to spot a whale today, if she was out there, at least for 50% of my viewing area.
Though it is curious from the above figures how the subsidy payments dropped in 2009 by about N200b only to rise by the same quantum in 2010, this is inconsequential compared with the humongous bill of 2011.
The following tips will ensure that you too stay warm, dry and hydrated while snowshoeing in the frigid cold in Colorado.
* Envelopes must be sealed until opened by a store employee. Open envelopes will not be honored.
It's been a full and fun week in a "you have a few short days to make a lot of decisions" kind of way.
With that newly-centralised relevance in mind, from an SEO (search engine optimisation) perspective, I also have designs on all three sites eventually earning very high placement for the name of each newspaper title; Daily Mail Watch is at present 7th for 'daily mail' in Google UK and prone to go higher, and The Sun: Tabloid Lies has just recently entered the top ten for 'the sun' (i.e. it is now 9th in Google UK).
Don't forget to visit Accountants Can Cook which contains anecdotes of my travels around the world, together with 120 of my favourite recipes amassed during 40 years of travelling, eating and cooking.
Please consult with your agent or company and review your policy for your complete policy coverages’, exclusions and limitations, as well as the terms and conditions, that may apply. Coverages’ will vary from company to company and state to state. Understand that this is a broad outline and general description of personal auto insurance, and is not representative of any particular auto policy itself, does not change your policy, nor makes and representation of coverages’ which may apply to your policy.
One solution put forward was ride height adjustment made during the race. Since the ban on active technologies in the nineties, the rules are clear, there can be no adjustment of the cars suspension while it is moving, equally parc ferme rules prevent any changes between qualifying and the race. But teams could have a mechanic adjust the ride height during the pitstops.
Beyonce Knowles has no honor and she has no shame. Recently this story broke, that she and her manager parted ways after many years of him being her father. (that was intentional) Matthew Knowles acts like the Pimp and his daughter is the stage whore. What won’t they do for money? The BEST that this family has to offer is the incomparable Solange. She is a great talent and a classy lady. She is underrated and because the Media is so hungry for sex, Solange is kept as the secret shy girl who cannot be displayed. Her day will come.
So there you go, if you needed some inspiration on how to match a pair of Envoy shoes. Send us how you match your Envoy shoes! We’d love to check it out.
Many of the Republicans wanted to avoid ever taking a vote on the issue — a simple strategy to carry out. As the majority party in the Senate, they could block any bill from reaching the floor. Skelos’s support for hydrofracking was evident in another Times article when, six days after the gay rights vote, the Cuomo administration announced its plans to end the moratorium:
I’ve asked a dozen of Camping’s followers the same question. Everyone said even entertaining the possibility that May 21 would come and go without event is an offense to God. They all hope they’ll be raptured. Some worry about being left behind.
Likewise, sales of condominiums increased, from 206 in the year to 30 September 2010 to 225 for the same period this year. The market has also seen an increase in the overall average list price at which residential properties sold: US$943,928 for the year to 30 September 2011, versus US$846,250 for the same period last year.
The leading presidential contenders for the Republican party criticized President Obama on Sunday for apologizing after the accidental burning of a Quran on a U.S. base in Afghanistan. The burning sparked widespread protests and violence in Afghanistan, and NATO is now trying to regain stability. Those who think that Obama should not have apologized should be aware that the burning was only a spark that ignited an already tense situation.
Remember that night a couple of weeks ago when you refered back to the first time we met? Well I just wanted to let you know that I remember it a little bit differently than you do. For starters I did not arrest you, and even if I wanted too, I did not have the authority to do so becaus,e as we obviously know, I am no police officer.
This is the official badge *beaming in pride* that I just finished designing. Yay! Some days I think I should have been a graphic designer, but then I remember how badly the computer and I get along, and well, I've just got too many other things to do! (Like home schooling my kids. Speaking of which...)
It was pretty damn good with the boiled crawfish last night.
Cards made (target 200): 171
1) The “Law” Dispensation was both parenthetical and TEMPORARY. Galatians 3:19, Hebrews 8:7-13. The Law, which was contrary to man, was nailed to the cross. Colossians 2:14.
She's very proud of her beanstalk!
The finalists are:
2. The index entry (p. 612) for Jonathan Ive, English-born visionary designer afforded uniquely privileged status and power by Jobs, refers to his nickname (actually ‘Jony’) as ‘Sony’. I enjoyed this well-meaning but embarrassing proofreader’s mistake very much – I’ve done a couple like this in the past. But I’ve mentioned it here just to see if the magic of social media and search really does get through to the people who have the power to change these things.
She has been going through one of those marriage ending episodes (don't worry, I'll spare you the details) but for the last month - everytime I talk to her she has been crying. UNTIL TODAY - someone forwarded a copy of your auction and blog today and she forwarded it to me. Before she did, she called me LAUGHING and said I had to read this.
If you're not a fan of either, perhaps you're someone who enjoys the "Now with..." type of update, as shown on the above Jody Davis card.
I actually had a dream last week that at our 20 week ultrasound, the dr slipped and told me what it was & I was SO upset in my dream that he told me.
Barclay Perkins were not alone in considering blending the defining feature of Irish Stout. Frank Faulkner, writing in the 1880's, concurred. His description of the blending process is well worth reporducing here.
Level 24: MP Cost: 28, Damage: 330%, Number of Attacks: 4, 34% to inflict darkness on the enemy and lower it’s accuracy by 24% for 88 seconds. The last attack is critical.
God will send forth His lovingkindness and His truth. (God is gracious and truthful)
Monday-Thursday: 6:30am-9:00pm
This technology is designed to allow devices such as mobile phones and laptops to get smaller, by taking out the screen element and instead linking the devices to a contact lens HUD. The idea has other applications, such as military use – replacing heat vision goggles or providing detailed overlay to the visual scene.
The Kandle II has two brightness settings, which is quite nice to be able to pick what is best for your eyes. It's good to be able to select a brightness, allowing you to easily read in dim lighting or pitch black. I would have to say this is one my must have items when reading with my e-reader.
Many authors are being rejected by the first 20 pages, and because most agents are overworked, they don’t have time to explain to each and every rejected author what they saw. Thus, too many writers are reworking and reworking their beginning and not really seeing that their weak beginning is a symptom of larger issues.
I was pleased to see Madeline Miller's Song of Achilles make the list as I completely fell in love with the love story of Patroclus and Achilles when I read it. Song Of Achilles remains my pick for the overall prize. Similarly, I very much enjoyed Esi Edugyan's Half Blood Blues, a tale of a black American jazz player caught up in the seizure of Paris by the Nazi's during World War Two. I didn't love it as much as Song of Achilles, but thought Half Blood Blues was a well crafted book with a strong narrator that stands a decent chance of winning.
Thank You! Dear Father for showing me how to pray in line with Your perfect Will through praying in other tongues. As I speak in other tongues throughout my life time, not only am I declaring Your counsel, Your Wisdom is imparted into my Spirit, and circumstances of life align with Your perfect Will for my life, in Jesus Christ Name! Amen!
If only life were really that easy, right?
It’s this aspect of the game that is like nothing else I’ve ever played. You could have a thrilling, intense gaming experience for tens of, possibly hundreds of, hours without even doing much in the way of the ‘main storyline.’
For thousands of years, herbs and spices have been used to help preserve foods and protect them from microbial contamination. Research shows that both thyme and basil contain constituents that can both prevent contamination and decontaminate previously contaminated foods.
I also love this kitchen sink. I love that this one has the large piece that comes up in the back. I'm always splashing water up there and this would save a lot of my water from damaging the back splash
Yes, the dishes would have to be done the old-fashioned way. It has been a long time since I have washed dishes by hand. In fact, the time frame I’m speaking of is “never”. I have always had a dishwasher in the kitchen, even in the run-down building posing as an apartment I rented when I was a senior in college, so I had no idea how to do this.
With all this good news and running up and down the stairs, it was clearly time to make them a cake. I chose one of the last contenders in the Rose's Heavenly Cake countdown, an Apple-Cinnamon Crumb Coffee Cake. It's a simple but appealing sweet, two layers of sour cream coffeecake, sandwiched around a thin apple cinnamon filling, and covered with buttery walnut streusel.
2 cups chocolate soy milk
At the same time, all these people were learning new techniques for brewing, and understanding more about why things work and what happens at a chemical level, and they shared what they learned. New products were also coming to market: liquid yeasts, more interesting hop varieties, better malt extracts.
It’s good that the SoCon is trying to be more strict about its non-conference scheduling, but it’s a difficult balancing act. It should be noted that playing a non-D1 doesn’t have any impact on the RPI. What the league doesn’t want is schools overloading their schedules with gimme games against non-D1s and guarantee games against BCS schools. The SoCon needs its members to play more “in-between” schools. Otherwise, instead of competing with the CAA it risks sliding down into SWAC territory.
*As a friend of mine just pointed out, an actor-turnover could even begin well before 3-D becomes the norm. After all, if 3-D is still a novelty, then it, not the stars, are the film's selling point. Who needs a high-priced cast then? Bring on the low-paid newbies.
–dynamic events dynamic enough?
eliminate Alice Palmer from running against you.
And coming soon...the Writer Beware calendar. You've never seen Writer Beware like this. Current and former staff members bare it all, with books and manuscripts placed in strategic locations.
Having clean beers is good, but it's not an identity. As the brewery tried to avoid bankruptcy, it tried a series of different strategies, finally settling on letting the flagship become the identity. And then it slid out of view, as its flagship, an above-average (clean!) amber was swamped by other mid-range ambers. I keep waiting for the brand to be fully supplanted by Pyramid or to try something bold to establish an identity.
Coffee Porter Ice Cream Sandwich
In January this year, WikiLeaks announced that Assange would launch "a series of in-depth conversations with key political players, thinkers and revolutionaries from around the world", titled The World Tomorrow.
He slept in the crypt that night. In one of the tombs.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Brush both sides of the tortillas with oil and cut into eighths to make chips. Spread out on a baking pan and bake for 12 to 15 minutes (stirring/turning the chips at about 7 minutes).
And of course, when people do crunches, they rarely stop at one or two: in the quest for flat abs, they’ll churn out dozens at a time, bringing them ever closer to “flex intolerance”—so much pain and stiffness that it’s difficult to tie one’s shoes or bend down to pick a penny off the ground. “But who cares about back health as bathing suit season approaches? Turns out, crunches might not be the best solution for a flat stomach, either. That’s because doing too many sit-ups at the expense of other, more comprehensive movements can lead to the dreaded “aerobic abs.”
the wall. I would be kidding
Under the “Investors” pulldown, we learn that Massey is the fourth-largest coal company in the U.S. and sold nearly 40 million tons of coal in 2007. That’s the equivalent in weight of nearly half a billion John Denver’s singing “Take Me Home, Country Roads” if he were still alive instead of busy making future coal. The next annual shareholder meeting is tentatively set for May 18 at the Jefferson Hotel in Richmond, Va., though organizers probably reserve the right to move it a mile under the hotel if press coverage is still intense. There are details of the corporate Mission and Values, as well as a Vision, inspired no doubt by leaking methane. There’s a member of the board of directors named Lady Judge. And for those keeping score at home, Massey’s CUSIP number is 576206-10.
That scene in Jelinek's The Piano Teacher - Erika climbs on top of her mother, as if to fuck herself back through the womb, to devour the devouring.
Recently, my kids have discovered the, uh, joy of bathroom humor. It is beyond hilarious to say things like fart or poop or pee or underwear. One word and they both fall apart in giggle fits.
Apparently this short in the front, long in the back thing is really in right now. And the highschool boys clearly have picked up on the fact that working in a prom dress store in prom season is THE way to meet the ladies! haha
- In the US, I think you refer to Knickers/knickerbockers as a type of golfing pants – or Plus fours.
It varies. It happens both ways. Sometimes the lyrics and the melody hit at the same time. More often it’s the music first and the music sort of dictates the vibe. But there’s more than one way to skin a cat. I think it’s important to experiment with a lot of different approaches.
I have bought duck down, polyester, Tempur memory foam (seriously expensive), Ikea's finest, bolster pillows, magnetic Feng Shui style pillow, extra comfort, hypoallergenic and Tesco's value pack. I have even tried not having a pillow but nearly stopped breathing as I cut off my windpipe.
I took this list off of my mother’s refrigerator after she passed away. Maybe it’s the most valuable thing she left me.
I would like to end my little note today mentioning that life is short! This has really come to the forefront of my thoughts over the last few months. Recently a friend was diagnosed with breast cancer, another friend has a very ill child and most recently a brother in our ward laid down to take a nap and didn't get up. He was 2 years younger than I am. I hope to be a better wife and mother, and that as I make decisions in my life that the course I choose to take will be one that will improve the life and welfare of my family.
Day 15 - Get involved in missional discipleship. That is, look into ways that you can work with your church or other Christian organization using missions not only to meet the physical needs of people around the world, but also sharing the gospel of Jesus Christ.
Lightly mix all ingredients and spread in a well-greased bread machine pan. Bake
I don’t know that I remember the very first time I heard this famous piece of music, but I do remember the first time I was old enough to understand my mother’s feelings about it.
Put the sultanas in a bowl with the orange juice and leave to soak.
Since being elected to the UNISON National Executive in 2003 I have had more cause than before to wonder about the purpose of the Trades Union Congress (TUC).
Wooden skewers- 5, broken in halves
and I will not drown
How many of you set goals but limited them to what you thought you could achieve as opposed to what you WANT to achieve? I would ask that you revisit the goals that you set. Recognise where you have limiting beliefs and start working on reconstructing and re-programming them today.
I, as always that I'm there, was very happy... very pleased with the trip in general and just happy to be there.
loyal sister.
