QUIZ: AM I IN A RELATIONSHIP WITH A CONTROL FREAK?
Another piece of our local history gone west!
Learning to be a mommy to two little people at once is alternately harder and easier than I expected. Bug is mostly learning to be patient while I feed you, and there is generally enough time while you are resting to get her fed and the house straightened without any real issues. I've also remembered that a little crying never hurt anyone, so if Bug melts down because I can't get her any goldfish crackers while you're nursing or if you get upset in your bouncy seat while I read her a story before nap time, it's just not the end of the world. Before I know it, everyone's needs are met and we are back on our merry little way.
When a woman whom I always viewed as stronger than God, showed me that we are never stronger............
Later in my life, having been an activist and a radical for several years, I now see the whole subculture of “anti-authoritarian punk” as having been entirely entrenched in, and supportive of, the privileges that come with being a beneficiary of sadistic arrangements of power (be it white supremacy, patriarchy, or capitalist exploitation).
Also notice I’ve added a little pseudo-twitter on the sidebar. I plan to keep it filled with “one-liners” and updates, to make up for those days that I just don’t have time to blog! Thanks to Natalie of Chickenblog for the inspiration.
It has been my dessert of choice when we went up to visit her at her Summer house on Lake Erie in Canada. I could eat the entire pan of these if I were left alone with them!
3Tbsp raspberry jam
This book was such an adrenaline rush. From the beginning, the author took painstaking means to get your heart pumping and he was relentless right to the last page. The vampires here are more rabid than usual, hence the instinct to devour humans was stronger. Factor in the fact that there wasn’t much food supply left, you will have no choice but to be right there with Gene through all the times he struggled to hide his humanity. Every misstep meant the end of his life so I dutifully rooted for him not to screw up. If this was turned into a movie, I'll be that patron who'd watched the entire thing with a hand covering my eyes.
One disc is remastered from the original DAT digital master - that used for the 1991 original release - and the other disc is mastered from the original half-inch analog tape master. Arcane, yes, but to me the differences are significant and wonderful (the new analog version is definitive).
These innovative designs translate to many different styles, which means that you will be able to find Sherri Hill dresses for almost any occasion, except perhaps for field hockey or horseback riding. Bridesmaids' dresses are guaranteed to be unique and fresh, while still flattering the form of any woman that must wear it. If you have ever been a bridesmaid before, then you are already aware of how important it is to find dresses that flatter anyone, as well as how rare it is for that to actually happen. If you have an awards banquet to attend, then there will be no problem finding something that is a bit more subdued, while still including that kick of style that gives you the confidence to stand out from the crowd.
Now to the winner of yesterday's From the Garden set! Random.org drew the number 7, which means Paula is our lucky winner!
Welcome to my 4th Show Off Sunday Party! I am looking forward to seeing the great projects from this week. I am sorry that we didn't have a Show Off Sunday last week, with the move across country things have been a bit crazy. I spent all week unpacking our home, I never knew how long it would take. I still don't feel like it is our home yet. I need to put a few more pictures up on the walls to make it feel like home. My hope is that my life will become some what normal now.
Helen, meanwhile, is off on an adventure. She keeps discovering holes in walls, and she continues to step into them. The last hole leads into a room with a pile of candy on the floor...oh, and the hole has been painted around to form a screaming mouth in a giant face. Freaky. As Helen examines the candy and discovers razor blades in the wrappers, Bernie finds a creepy, discarded baby doll.
I never know what to say when someone is going through a tough time. I really feel for people in need, but it never comes out right in words…so instead I bake. And I bake the best cookies I possibly can, because if I can’t tell you how much I love you, then I’m going to show you how much I love you.
The creeks run through their veins.
After filling up our tummies, we headed to the Osaka temple. It was several buildings spanning over a huge area. I guess it’s supposed to be over 1400 years old. Zach said that when they have special events or holidays the entire area is unrecognizable because it’s full of people. We have been lucky this week because we are visiting all these places during non-peak times so there really haven’t been very many people at all.
In stand mixer or bowl with beaters, beat butter with SPLENDA® Granulated, until fluffy. Beat in eggs and vanilla.
The contract is the aim of much of your writing - the publisher's promise to publish your book as long as you write it properly, the publisher is still solvent, and you can agree the terms. I'm not going to say anything about contractual terms here as I've covered pretty much everything in the series How to read a publishing contract. But I will repeat one important point - don't assume the contract is written in stone. Actually, two points - don't be cheated in your pitiful gratitude that someone wants your book.
drifting along regrets
Twizzlers $2 -$0.75/1 Twizzlers Product, (SS 06/26/11)
"I know what you mean," I replied. "Kate DiCamillo knows what she's doing when she writes a story!"
Our most popular talent and reality TV shows either suffer from fatal flaws, or need a refresh to keep going.
Kuechly was one of my favorite prospects, and Frank Alexander and Joe Adams will both be solid contributors. The Panthers got solid players with all their picks, but they never took a defensive tackle, which was a huge need. That makes me wonder if they are trying to work out a trade for a veteran.
Readers of this blog brought Copic pens to my attention as I talked about Sakura Pigma Microns and other drawing pens, and boy am I glad they did. I had been meaning to pick some up for a while, but never got around to it. Then, out of the blue, Marianne from the excellent Copic blog I Like Markers (and who also happens to be the product specialist for Copic Markers) offered to send me some samples to try out. Needless to say, I was a very happy Pen Addict the day my Copic package arrived!
While I was doing that, though, the So It Goes blog’s first ever Foreign Correspondent was donning his shades and Trilby hat and sending me what could and should be the first in a series of exclusive reports from Australia.
We are daughters of our Heavenly Father, who loves us, and we love Him. We will stand as witnesses of God at all times and in all things, and in all places as we strive to live the Young Women values, which are: Faith, Divine Nature, Individual Worth, Knowledge, Choice and Accountability, Good Works, Integrity, and Virtue ...
As always I am on the hunt for new yummy breakfast options. I am also a lover of chai tea. Lover is being modest. I am addicted… So this recipe is perfect for me and any other chai addicts out there.
Now I know who I am. I have discovered my true identity: I am a comma fucker.
I tend not to put my own work up because I am much to critical of myself. I'm working on that, but not there yet. I much more enjoy putting things in my create space that inspire me not only for their beauty, but more because of the person that created them.
Because it’s worth it.
Thor: … He’s adopted.
Recently, I needed to get something out of my first aid kit for my son and I noticed how depleted of medical supplies my kit has become. I went into a mini panic. I started to think, "What if I was in a life threatening situation right now? I would be screwed!" That feeling gave me a sick pit in my stomach that hasn't really left. As a matter of fact, I keep experiencing things that are reminding me that I need to be more prepared. I need to be able to take care of myself and my kids in times of a natural disaster or medical emergency.
This has made me wonder if someone else has tricks for remember things. Then I thought, who better to ask than the bloggers…
Reading the Astons on The Afternoon Show style slots is still a challenge but has endowed me with a unique ability to recite prices of highstreet items at will. “Gypsy blouse from River Island - €33.50, bangles - €2 from Penneys; Warehouse denim shorts - €33.” Damn, I’m good.
Thomas Kinkade's The Christmas Cottage (Not for children) ... LMN ... 8 PM
That transformation, from consumerist governed by the passions, to disciple governed by Christ, is the very heart of the Christian life. In its earliest stages it is deeply disappointing and necessarily so. Our passions need to be disappointed and reordered.
So, we are headed up the hill of this big ride that starts with this book proposal.
jackie@frenchrivierapropertysearch.com
Roger Weiler - Guitars
One of the great beauties of homebrewing is that, once you have mastered some basic skills, you can make whatever kind of beer you want, whenever you want it.
Now, back to the business of scooping six sentences from said story. Here’s a little something for you to look at while I go hunting for them. Holy crummoly, do I love a hot guy in a crisp, white shirt…
If you answer yes to one or more of the following questions then you may find the Divorce Group is just what you need.
Little A turned two recently, so this was her first cheese-filled burger. What?! you say: you guys haven't gone to Matt's for two years. Oh, no, my friends, of course we have. But A had been filling up on fries and grilled cheese over our most recent visits. We finally realized that she was ready. Why the long wait? Did we think that a Jucy Lucy was over-processed, greasy, fat-laden fare not fit for a baby? Hardly. We just knew that she wasn't developmentally ready to: FEAR the cheese. Now that she's reached that milestone, it's Jucy Lucy's all around.
I had to take a second and then I asked her what she meant. She said, "You know, I need to get my test done and see if it's all good 'fore I can start my job."
I met Tonya Kerrigan at the Chicago Spring Fling conference last week. She has done a fabulous write up for a lot of the workshops she attended. She obviously took much better notes that I did. Here’s her post about why a story isn’t selling. Poke around her blog and you can easily find a ton of other information.
Afterall, it makes me very upset to see people torture little animals. I cried during UP just like everyone else. I don't like seeing beggers in the streets with bedraggled clothes and missing limbs. I hate seeing old people be sad. I always buy tissues from blind people selling them.
Compression socks: Packed and ready to go. I'm curious if they're going to make any difference or not. Regardless, they're in my bag and ready to go for after the race!
Window Treatments: We made the curtains in the bedroom and used Restoration Hardware curtain rods.
Does this make sense to anyone but a bureaucrat? When would you ever do a return on investment analysis where the "return" was simply providing a service? If you're deciding whether to build a factory, would you base your decision on the cost per unit? No, you'd look at the cost per dollar of profit. If you're a sane government official deciding whether to build a soup kitchen, would you look at the cost of providing a meal? No, you'd look at the cost of keeping people from going hungry.
Alien Warrior: WS 6, BS 0, S 4, T 4, W 1, I 6, A 2, Ld 10, Save 5+
So, I hope you enjoyed!(:
Summer in India, i truly miss it. Its really a disadvantage for people who lives in abroad to miss those nostalgic summer days in India. Every summer vacations,me and my younger sister never failed to go to our grandma's village to spend our vacation. Every year, we grandkids get together to help our grandma for making her big batches of vathals,pickles,vadagams etc. My grandma makes varieties of vathals,pickles and we never failed to get some big bags of her homemade preserves and pickles when we left her home after a fantastic summer vacations, its was quite like a routine for us every year to come back home with her varieties of vathals to enjoy throughout the year.I dont have words to say how i miss it now.
Once I got familiar with the basic concepts of the Native Pacific Northwest culture my research and idle reading focused on the religious and spiritual practices of the local Pacific Northwest tribes. I was soon adopting some of the customs; I began celebrating first foods. First foods were those local fares harvested for the first time of their corresponding season. To this day I perform a short personal ceremony when eating my first fresh salmon of the season. Usually in the fall of the year I would partake of this bounty by carefully saving all bones and returning them to the sea. While cutting, cooking and eating I sing the praises of the Salmon in appreciation for the gift of their lives for our bounty. This silent personal ritual is repeated with every such meal, quite automatically.
Thursday, 12:00 noon- 6:00 p.m.
You don't want to make straight lines. You want to make them run on 45 degree angles and avoid making "X"s Practice this technique on cardboard a few times until you are comfortable. Gently feather the veins to soften them.
He even has a tagline he's been practicing around the house...
Mental health nurses have restraint options, too, for sectioned patients. Why didn’t they consider it? Why pass it on to the overburdened police service?
Asked if the teenager was aware that he would have to go back to his hard life if acquitted, Majavu said he was aware, but this would be dealt with it at the relevant time.
Psionic: Attempting to contact someone you can't see inflicts a -2 penalty to the Psionics roll and requires that the psionicist have made contact with the subject before. However the psionicist can forge extra contacts at the same time at the cost of 1 PP each or spend 4 PP to simply broadcast to everyone within a Large Burst template. If the target wishes to cut off contact then they may do so with an opposed Spirit roll.
Who, when her partner started talking about homeschooling and unschooling, looked at her kid and said “Yes!” even though she majored in education in college. And then enthusiastically embraced the idea that the whole family needed to be a Learning Family, and signed up for the violin lessons she’d always wanted to take.
Μarks us for a lifetime.
The No Make-up Make-up
~I'm thinking about doing a random 20 or so things post about me sometime.Would you like that?
Ich wollte unbedingt eines der Motive aus dem Winterkit verwenden und habe darum das Mädchen mit der Kerze als Weihnachtsengel in die Winterlandschaft gesetzt. Die Bäume und der Hintergrund sind, ebenso wie der Zaun und der Schnörkel, von Magnolia, der Text von Whimsy Stamps.
Everyone has a life they would live forever, if they could just get back to it.
Riggs cites examples of other strange energy manifestations throughout the country, and compares and contrasts the Bragg Road Lights with those in Marfa, Texas. He analyzes such geophysical forces as MPD (mountain peak discharge) and seismic activity, as well as ball lightning and solar magnetic storms.
Last week there was a big controversy over the fact that some stores in NY were caught destroying unsold garments rather than donating them to charities. After people got upset, the main store in question, H&M promised that this wouldn't happen again. This week there is a related, but somewhat different story, as the NY Police have admitted to shredding and burning the counterfeit clothes they've confiscated, rather than giving them to the homeless, as had always been done in the past. When asked to explain why, the police claimed "no one asked" for the confiscated clothing -- but many charities insist they had, in fact, made many requests for the clothing. Apparently, the destruction is being felt at clothing banks, who say they have many fewer clothes on hand this year than in the past.
Hill is an instant number 2 and will complement Holmes as the deep threat. Two other receivers from GT have had success so far in the NFL, Demaryius Thomas and Calvin Johnson so he’s in good company. The one knock on Hill is that he only had 49 receptions in college but averaged 25 yards a catch last year. It’s all about the speed, something the Jets sorely lacked last season.
I took a while to get around to reading the collection we'd assembled. But when I finally did, I read the whole lot in just about one sitting. When I was judging the beer writers' awards last year, there was so much to get through we had to skim-read the entries first time around to whittle them down. With such a big pile to get through, it was rare indeed to find a piece that you ended up reading the whole way through, and left you disappointed that you'd got to the end and there was no more. Every time that happened, you knew you had a winner from the 400+ entries in front of you.
33 Choose the Text tool (T). In the Property inspector, all the options should be the same as the ones in step 25 of this tutorial, except one: the font size. Make it smaller, change it to 18.
….the paddle whispers, the canoe glides….- Douglas Woods, Paddle Whispers
WW recommended pairing this stew with a salad of black beans and corn. So I made my own version.
As she closed her remarks, Mrs. Obama was quick to point out that while the new icon continues the forward movement of the Let's Move! campaign, there's still miles to go before she sleeps, so to speak.
As mentioned in yesterday's diatribe, how very pathetic are our politicians that they think we will be enamoured of them for passing such inconsequential nonsense, solely to justify the salaries of a few increasingly hysterical anti-tobacco loons? That none of them feel just a little bit stupid for voting in regulations with absurd consequences like those detailed above? That there is not a flicker of concern for the difficulties - and expense - they have inflicted on traders, and their customers, to satisfy ridiculous hobby horse self-aggrandisement.
Not all software, especially free software, is very good. So be sure that it gets a good rating at popular software download sites, that it’s supported, and doesn’t contain spyware. Then you can get registry clean up free without adding other things to your computer that can slow it down.
I tried at least to avoid “non-stick”. “Non-stick” is non-sticking, my ass. Toxic shit peeling everywhere. An abomination!
In tackling the recipe, a number of questions arose: What size ramekins were these to be baked in? Was “custard” the same as North American pudding? If not, what kind of custard should be used? What should the desired consistency be when the soufflés were done? Unfortunately, Jamie didn’t really address any of these questions. However, I have enormous respect for him and all he has accomplished to help others – people and animals.
When they got back into the room, Christian was slamming a man into the wall, apparently fighting with him about something. He had a hold of his throat, holding him up against the wall and letting his feet dangle in the air. The man was a hunter that had been captured and brought in while Darien had been chasing Addison.
AND in the spirit of keeping to the magic of the number 7 (in the Harry Potter world)
What all protest movements essentially seek to do is facilitate change by giving a voice to issues or shining a light on shady practices. Mauritania’s protesters are no different in that respect than those in any other country. Apart from the political opposition now also openly demanding the departure of Aziz, the narrative of protests has really not changed dramatically in over a year, but the level of frustration and dissatisfaction has increased steadily. The government has tried to stem this flow in many ways, some more subtle than others. It’s important to appreciate the depth to which corruption and cronyism is embedded within the Mauritanian culture: a job here, a loan there, an indiscretion or even a bigger crime ignored or covered up. In other words, there are myriad ways in which favors are bought and sold in exchange for compliance, obedience, silence, inaction. However, the appearance of several recent reports which expose major financial scandals could be an indication that people are finally losing patience with the lies and hypocrisy. Even a society that for generations has accepted bribery and corruption as a daily reality will eventually reach saturation point.
Football Dataco has however maintained its velocity, since we have learned today that the ECJ expects to deliver its full decision on 1 March, well ahead of expectations. Under normal circumstances a Current Intelligence comment on the Advocate General's opinion would not be published until after the court had delivered judgment, with the result that it would be of largely historical interest by the time it came to be published. However, with the ruling still some ten days away, JIPLP is delighted to bring this item to your attention while it is still hot. We hope you will enjoy it.
So this past week, I spent some time in Wisconsin.
1/2 tsp. red chile flakes
The next day at school, I was covered with rashes from poison ivy and cuts from thorns and I had a fresh wound in my heart.
"You're not writing down what we have really eaten for dinner this week, are you?"
‘Twas upon nearing the door that three guards ahead were bringing in a dishevelled and roguish looking prisoner who appeared to have had a recent peppering from a blunderbuss. Once closer the prisoner looked at me and immediately exclaimed: “Er, ’tis the Highwayman! You nearly killed me when ye fired that blunderbuss at me!”. Then realised this to be one of the villains I encountered when extracting the money some of Tyler’s gang members had stolen from Miss Lucy Hendridge the month last.
Breaking from my self-imposed hiatus, I have written the below piece on the Japanese crisis. The content has little to do with technology as it has not been written with that purpose in mind. The below paragraphs, sentences and words are my attempt to digest the effects of the earthquakes and tsunamis that hit Japan between the 11th and 12th of March 2011. I deliberately omitted images and videos from this post in order to avoid sensationalising the content.
"Visual test pervert"
*Kidding, of course. This place was a %&#@ing bargain and I wouldn’t be surprised to learn there were multiple bids.
Ink: Clearsnap (Stephanie Bernard Dye: chocolate)
More and more, people aren't just bullish on domestic energy, but think this is going to be BIG. Like nation-changing big.
I’ll be reading new submissions, editing scripts from authors already on our list. Negotiating with agents over contracts or talking to my colleagues about scheduling and progress of current projects or to the rights team about possible angles to help pitch a book to foreign publishers. I’ll often be on the phone to an author talking about a new idea or how a book event went.
it's easy to fall into the trap
“The court must not pass a custodial sentence unless it is of the opinion that the offence, or the combination of the offence and one or more offences associated with it, was so serious that neither a fine alone nor a community sentence can be justified for the offence.”
- Jack and lug (for changing tires)
02. Julia Dream
An age ago you took me nigh-
Here are some sequels with stunning covers that I'm anticipating:
The UWI Open Campus helped to pioneer the conveniences that many students across the Caribbean region now enjoy, including flexible class schedules, evening classes, continuous enrollment, digital access to library and learning resources, audio- and video-conferencing, online classes, an online student management system, and a region-wide academic network where students all over the region can interact.
Although Qaradawi has built a media empire formally independent of the Muslim Brotherhood, he remains the premier spiritual guide to the Islamist movement. The Brotherhood offered Qaradawi their highest leadership position of “General Guide” in 1973, after the death of the group’s second General Guide, Hassan Al-Hudaybi, which Qaradawi declined in 1976. Qaradawi declined the position again in 2002, following the death of organization’s fifth General Guide Mustafa Mashhur.
R. Ross
-Dylan
Kelly Kilmer I get out my glue stick, my papers, pens and open my journal. I don't get 'creative block'. I make art. I push. I pull. I work hard. I do what I love. When this stops being fun and stops making my heart go pitter pat, I'll close the journals and walk away...but I've loved paper since I was little and can't imagine NOT working with it. I try to make something every day...if I don't, I get antsy pants. Creative work keeps me happy (and sane!).
This evening, a writer sat down next to me and asked if I knew XYZ agent and what I thought of her. I actually didn't recognize the agent's name and so I couldn't help her by sharing an opinion. Certainly I know a lot of agents in the biz but it's simply not possible to know ALL the agents practicing out there--especially a lot of the newer agents who are just starting out.
Labour were rightly celebrating after stopping the SNP juggernaut in its tracks, it’s an excellent result for them.
And here we are all done.
In ‘Cinnamon Bay’ the protagonist is ready for a change of scenery and invites his sweetheart along to a beach trip. It’s pleasant with a pretty melody, and while the lyric is nothing special, it’s nice to hear a beach song that actually sounds country.
Jane at lifeonplanetbaby is having a rather spledid looking giveaway for reaching the very impressive figure of 200 (OMG!!) followers - congratulations girl!!
Business plan is a set of analyses used as a tool to assess if a business is viable, profitable and it has investment potential, or if it attracts investments. It’s a very detailed and extensive analysis regarding the company you want to start up.
I would be slightly remiss if I didn't mention the release of oOoOO's latest album Our Love Is Hurting Us today, the next in the series of Christopher Greenspan's merging of deep trap-esque grooves with a more delicate touch. The hands on the cover might be daintier than the previous Tri Angle release, but the drums are still crisp and raw.
I'm well aware that there many post to read, lots of new acquisitions for me to envy and a great deal of news! I'll try to give them all a peek.
I started with the manila tag and added the layer of the sewing pattern paper. I cut the pattern to capture the bits I wanted on my tag.
We don't come alone
Janice Wagner of Wagner Orchards in Lakeshore said it looks like they were lucky and their apple blossoms didn’t get frozen, perhaps because they are further from the lake.
Billion dollar organization. Which means about $0.93 per dollar earned,
When I started baking more seriously and from the many simple experiences I have with cheesecake, I began to understand how cheesecake works, not saying that there's a whole lot to it, but why some cheesecakes have flour in it, why some have cream, sour cream, etc and I develop my own preference toward cheesecake. I also learned that basically, all base cheesecake recipes are very similar and that you can flavor and play with them in hundreds of different ways. So, that's why I've never stick with one recipe for cheesecake because it is so versatile, you can change it up any way you like.
The place was empty. There was only a family with a young boy and a baby that didn’t want to stop crying. Nevertheless, we went in. The ambiance was very date friendly. The tables a little to close for comfort, but you do what you gotta do to make a buck right?!
This newsletter recently reported the passing and signing of the National Defense Authorization Act that makes it legal for the military to capture and detain citizens without “due process”. The Federal Restricted Buildings and Grounds Improvement Act has just been passed that essentially disallows our constitutional right to peacefully protest (protests can’t take place except on buildings and grounds) and will threaten both the Tea Party and the Occupy Wall Street protest movements. Last month, the National Defense Resources Preparedness Act was passed and signed that authorizes the President and cabinet officials to take over crucial parts of the U.S. economy not just in national emergencies, but in peacetime, with the spin with respect to fostering “cooperation between the defense and commercial sectors”. This raises another question. Could Pres. Obama assume the authority to make it illegal to hold gold, as did Pres. Roosevelt in the last great depression?
-Abraham Lincoln
Also, I went with the fruit and nuts on top, rather than inside the jellies. This was for cosmetic effect more than anything. With the fruit inside, these aren't the prettiest. But on top, well, much cuter!
gg and gl
Today our tv stopped working, well not the tv but the internet access to all the channels we have at home. The kids didn’t care because they were hooked up to the computers and were just gaming away, their father was not to happy because there was a game he wanted to see being played somewhere else in the world that he would be missing. Me, I lay down on the floor and played with the puppy. I thought about the easter baskets I had just filled to the brim with candy in the kitchen and the eggs I decorated by myself. I suddenly wanted to be alone on a desert island with the challenge of survival.
I’m going to flip this now and talk to the women, since they also can disrespect us men. When it comes to respect, men deserve it as well, and they do get heavily disrespected. Some women think that they ‘control the zipper’ so they control men to get they want, thinking it’s fair since men get what they want; in turn, making everything about sex. News flash ladies, it isn’t about that and you should never control your man. Men work their tails off making money to support you if you’re not employed; in that sense, men deserve a lot in return. A real man, however, will only demand a little bit. He will just want someone to love him, respect him, be there for him, companionship, and someone to be a best friend and accept him for who he is.
The characters in the story are all so unique and have great back stories, and although many of them are "out there", they are all lovable and unique. They range from the tall and sort of fearsome looking yet reserved Seiya Chiba, to the short and rebellious little Rinka Himeji. The character's faults are well balanced by the strengths of their friends to make a truly likable main cast. Hell, even the side characters, some of which get very little screen, - er page time are interesting.
… I miss my friend. I really do.
Ladies, please email us and we'll get your Heroine badges out to you :)
Title: Fifty Shades of Grey
It’s on the top shelf.
Now, in spite of the fact that this bloated neckbeard has enough extra fat on him to go more than a few days without eating, and in spite of the fact that these unexplained sammiches could be cut in two to make double what they had (in theory), and in spite of the fact that nobody else in this redneck comedy tour is smart enough to fight for their right to eat, this is a pretty stupid excuse for a story - it doesn't go anywhere!
The response has been great and recently I went back to a school to talk about Dark Goddess a year after having seen them talking about Devil’s Kiss. It was a boys’ school too. Out of the hundred kids there a fair portion were the same who’d been there last year. Even though it was a book event and there were other authors there, they came back to see me. I was incredibly chuffed!
Usually in my project I use src/groovy/SessionUtils class for doing all session related stuff. This practice helps other developers to debug/understand where “session” is being accessed throughout the app.
Our winner from last week's challenge, randomly-selected, is
4 out of 5 GT (GT = Good Times)
Gus Gus Ladyshave IS
5. i'm cleaning house to keep busy.
2-05 Vicky's Box
1/4 cup of sugar
Rose and her friend Ed race to see who can catch the most butterflies. While they're out on the hunt, they find themselves caught in a mathematical problem, having to solve numerous addition problems to see who ultimately ends up catching the most. The results (and reasons for them) may surprise you!
i just talked to D. i'm shocked at how worried he is about my mental state. he says i'm not showing any signs at all that i'm happy to be pregnant. i hadn't realised how badly i seemed like i was doing, to him at least.
Mota was the THAT GUY????? heard ‘round the world when he came to the Mets. Guillermo Mota is a head case, a guy who has no business as a bullpen arm. So of course, in 2006, after a panic move to get Roberto Hernandez and Oliver Perez at the trade deadline in 2006, Minaya must have been smoking some of that wacky tabacky in getting Mota…in other words, why?
Ever since it's release, I have lusted after Metamorphose temps de fille's D.Walkure series. The series was taken off of Meta's web shop because many thought it resembled the uniform of the Nazi party. I was heart broken because I knew it would be hard to obtain second hand. Though through some casual browsing on Yahoo JP Auctions I found the hat going for relatively cheap second hand. I knew I had to have it. I contacted my shopping service and soon as possible and they set everything up and all that was left to do was wait. It was rather hard to sleep with the thought of losing out on something from my dream list but I had a busy day ahead of me. The first thing I did when I awoke was rush to my computer to check if I had won and it was indeed mine.
Yesterday it was my grandmother's 79th birthday, it's always really difficult to find a nice present for her since she has everything already :P So I decided to make a pretty cake for her, by myself, for the very first time ever. I've baked things like brownies and cookies before, but never a cake like this, it was a lot of fun and definitely a learning experience (I should listen to the cooking book better! Haha!).
And speaking of insecurities: who are the most insecure people on planet earth? That's right, teenagers. Already self conscious as hell about their zits, this advertisement puts the fear of God into them, making acne equivalent to leprosy.
This next step is tedious, but obviously important. Drill and glue magnets on every one of the weapon options, checking the polarity on the correct shoulder all the time. You can see I glued the left hand to the arm, since it didn’t need to be a separate option. And yes, after this you’re actually done!!!
We eventually finished and came back inside, preparing to watch a night full of hockey. And of creation, of course.
And now…many years later, the couple perceived by many who would live happily ever after…are no longer a couple.
Our ways, our hopes, our dreams, our lights.
Whatever happened today – and a lot happened today – I feel very light and happy.
or a father who’d put
So I love coffee and almost always have a cup next to me when I start my writing day (then switch to hot tea around Noon). But the few times I’ve tried writing IN the coffee house….I got about 6 words written.
We then bought one loaf of onion bread at the very affordable price of 14 pesos and I shared it with my oldest daughter. A Sunday well spent.
7 A-7. Title I Funds, Church-Sponsored Schools and the First Amendment: From Child-Benefit to Community-Benefit?, pp. 1-149 (1978). Prepared as part of a study directed by Thomas W. Vitullo-Martin, The Participation of Private School Students in ESEA Title I Programs, under a research contract sponsored by the Compensatory Education Division, National Institute of Education, Department of Health, Education, and Welfare, Washington, D.C. (Incorporated in Item C-1981(4), below.)
How do you keep your motivations aligned?
In the meantime, here is my final page for the challenge:
John Green, who was one of the patriarchs of Bigfoot research, one of his original books—this was written back in the Fifties—he talked about the psychic element of Bigfoot. Yet you don’t ever hear any of these Bigfoot guys ever refer to that. John Green talked about the Indian legends of the psychic powers of Bigfoot, and he talked about how, on some of their outings, they had experiences where they could hear these things and couldn’t see them. And he says nobody wanted to talk about it, and they would just try to sit around the campfire and…but he brought it up. And so this is one of the forerunners of Bigfoot research, and he had that experience up there.
Cisse is again linked with Stoke and the Metro has us and Pompey after Everton striker Yakubu. Now that you could see as he has been crocked for most of this season and we do like our recovering crocks at Stoke.
However, I believe that he weighed his decisions in light of the long established Judeo-Christian principles of our Founding Fathers!!!
NAMA is certainly maintaining a drip-drip of recovery actions against Treasury with an application to Dublin’s High Court last week pursuing the pair personally after the so-called TAIL transaction in 2010 which saw the dynamic duo transfer assets worth €20m from their company to themselves in return for loans – NAMA was unhappy with the transaction though Johnny and Richard say it was an open market transaction and all above board. NAMA also secured charges over cash and property understood to be worth millions of euro in advance of the forthcoming judicial review of NAMA’s dealings with Treasury’s loans which saw mass foreclosure action in January 2012. And NAMA has been appointing receivers to companies in the Treasury Holdings group intermittently since January 2012.
PatLit has just learned the details of the next Intellectual Property Litigation and Advocacy courses, run from the depths of England's thickly-forested midlands by the Nottingham Law School. According to the latest information:
WELL INCORPORATED INTO THE DOUGH
Prices for Monet's paintings dated after 1905 are also expected to benefit from the high-profile show that opened this month at the Gagosian Gallery. Last spring, around 100,000 people visited the gallery's show of late Picassos, and dealers have subsequently credited the show with increasing demand for Picasso's later works.
I am going to make a point of blogging every day I am gone, and adding pictures. So hopefully tomorrow will be a very exciting post!
Recorded February 17, 1972 at Englewood Cliffs, NJ, by Rudy Van Gelder
At one point in its history Paramount Pictures Inc. was the largest motion picture concern in the world. During the Golden Age of Hollywood it was still among the biggest of the major studios, surpassed perhaps only by MGM. Like the other major studios Paramount Pictures developed its own niche. MGM specialised in melodramas and lavish musicals. Warner Brothers was known for its gangster movies and swashbuckler films. Universal was known for its horror movies. Fox specialised in social dramas. RKO was known for both its musicals and literary adaptations. Paramount's particular niche would be comedy.
Core Objectives of British Paramilitaries
Overall I am super happy with "Into The Night", but of course I love it, it's a blue polish! The other's aren't bad, but they are colors I feel we've already seen.
Leoni has also used our Lovebirds cupcake wrappers
And Peter responded to her, "Tell me whether you sold the land for such and such a price?" And she said, "Yes, that was the price."
Now, Jefferson said “That government is best that governs least.” Now, what did he mean by that? He meant that he wanted government to be small because government is inherently inefficient.
PS3'S ARE STILL DOWN!
“I can’t bring her back,” she admitted, “I want her to know the truth.”
Once today is past, there's not much celebration of the Resurrection, even within evangelical churches. While I like the seriousness of Good Friday, I'm sad that Easter is passed over. The Crucifixion is pretty sad if you stop there without recognizing the Resurrection, you know? Something I'm processing is the view in Latino culture of Jesus as the sad guy on the cross, looking like someone to be pitied, thus the need to turn to others (his mother, saints) to provide our salvation or help in time of need. He's not portrayed as the Victorious One, the Omnipotent Savior who conquered the grave and returns in power.
It is the vision of WBA that Wisconsin biodiesel producers, marketers and distributors will provide, through a network of readily accessible retail outlets, biodiesel fuel that consistently meets recognized quality standards so that all Wisconsin citizens benefit from the economic returns, improved air quality and energy independence achieved through use of renewable biodiesel fuels.
“I’m going to call her! How dare she,” he repeated.
· Providing solar lighting system at 1,000 manned level crossing gates.
I really have to get back to garage sales because I am having NO luck at the oppies. Ahh, it's been slim pickings this week I can tell you! I did see a fantastic retro side board in mint condition for $65. I am kicking myself now that I didn't grab it and I am sure by the time I go to the op shop later this week it will be gone (oppie is about a 30 minutes drive). The one that got away.
He hung around, he followed along
You know the worst thing about this is that I don't feel like I have an outlet.
Another thought I had was to add some sanitizer wipes along with other things that would help make us feel "clean" in an emergency. Paper towels, toilet paper, toothbrushes, toothpaste, band-aids, brushes/combs, ponytails, bobby pins, feminine products if needed, towel, shampoo, baby wipes, razor, deodorant, a cheap first-aid kit from the $1 bins at Wally-World.
To Kafka was Kafka a metamorphosis of a dream
“The consequences of that smuggling can be seen every day in the murders which take place south of the border.”
Chicago Blackhawks (34-24-7, 75pts) @ Detroit Red Wings (42-19-3, 87pts), 3 pm/NHL Network
The Oakland Police Department said in a statement that the crowd was ordered to disperse after protesters “began destroying construction equipment and fencing . . . Officers were pelted with bottles, metal pipe, rocks, spray cans, improvised explosive devices and burning flares,” the police statement said. Officers responded by firing smoke and tear gas canisters and beanbags . . .”
1) There will be one photo, and five words - both of those elements must be a feature in the brief story you create.
The move effectively doubles the number of prosecutors in the office handling terrorism cases as it prepares for the trial of the self-described mastermind of the 9/11 attacks, Khalid Shaikh Mohammed, and four other former Guantánamo Bay detainees. It is a major undertaking that will unquestionably prove to be a significant draw on the unit’s resources…
Color blocking consists of incorporating different colors in your wardrobe, colors you wouldn’t normally put together. For the picture above, I sported a tangerine blazer and sky blue jeans from Forever 21 and a white shirt from Criminal Minded Clothing. It’s very important not to overdo the trend with no more than four colors. Me personally, I wouldn’t do no more than three. I would also wear a yellow shirt with this outfit but I have a yellow clutch instead. Just keep the shoes in a neutral, nude color to make the outfit a true block. If you want to wear color heels, then sport a neutral top/blazer. Always have one thing neutral/white. Everything you have on shouldn’t be colorful, including accessories.
Sidebar: Thank you for all the Journal suggestions in the prior posts..but the perfect journal fell into my lap and I couldn't be happier. Is there anything better than a lined journal that's leather bound and can hold up to fountain pen ink? Don't answer that without really thinking about it... I am saying no. Crane and Co. got it right...Deliriously in love with this journal. I don't deserve it. But thank you.
$100 with free S&H within the US and Canada
Every year this family hosts a redneck feast for the eyes in the way of Christmas decorations. There you can find Santa's sleigh atop the Nativity, and a ferris wheel next to an homage to Bonnie and Clyde. My girlfriends and I have a tradition of going to this place every year, and 2011 was no exception. It's hard to put this experience into words, but I will briefly try before showing the photos.
People race to safety of churches on hills. All I can do is say there is nothing we can do but wait. They look for comfort and direction when I have none myself. I reassure them all will be well. But I’m not really sure.
GRAHAM COXON - A+E
The new Baird Beer Taproom opened in Harajuku on Saturday, August 8th.
4 slot
With seemingly no shortage of attendees or organisational enthusiasm, I hope that Comica can overcome these logistical problems and continue to grow as an event. It's important that the capital has an alternative comics show worthy of the location.
.... "There is also a sensuous and flirtatious aspect to biographical research: breaking seals and confidences, untying ribbons from bundles of documents, raising the dust of strangers' lives, dealing and unpacking other people's intimacies, deciphering their photos . . ."
Supernatural
NCTE is very concerned about the high HIV infection rates among transgender individuals. It is well-established that transgender people in the U.S. disproportionately suffer from HIV infection compared to other populations. NCTE and the National Gay & Lesbian Task Force’s national survey recently found that transgender people are over four times more likely than the general population to be infected with HIV. Furthermore, transgender people of color experience HIV infection at exponential rates compared to that of the general population. For example, African-American transgender people in our survey reported an HIV infection rate of 24.9% while the general population has a HIV infection rate of 2.64%.
1219 **D-IX/15(A)/1995. “Major Challenges for the Legal Profession in the United States.” Pre-Law Students, The University of Dallas, Irving, Texas. (Incorporated in Item C-1999(16), above, pp. 390-96.) See Item C-1996(5), above, pp. 298-303.
This week has been pretty exciting, as I made good progress watching Shugo Chara Season 1. Season 1 is a misnomer, because there are 51 episodes, and the way chapter 26 ends and 27 starts with a new opening tune it might as well be 2 individual seasons. But it isn't, so it remains season 1 for all 51 episodes.
Michelle Miernik
Cooked carrots -1/2 cup
We walked up the back steps into the funeral parlor, I immediately started smelling something sweet and thought it must have been flowers. The carpet was a dark red and the place was really cold.
Chris shook his head as if clearing dust from his brain. “Okay, never mind that. Why are we down here?”
When Miles Davis returns from a six week tour of Europe and takes his quintet into Philharmonic Hall this week, chances are that a good percentage of his audience will consist of young black people. This is not a writer's prediction based on a typical Miles Davis following—no one has determined just what that might be—but a request Miles made in a phone call from Paris four weeks ago: Jack Whittemore, his agent, was to take half of Miles’ fee, purchase tickets for the concert, and hand them out to young black people who otherwise could not afford to attend. “Miles has never done anything like this before, but nothing he does surprises me,” says Whittemore, admitting that he doesn’t quite know how to go about distributing over $2,000 worth of free tickets to the right people.
When you are single, what’s the most prominent aspect about yourself you think about? Your appearance, right? Men lift weights, and women cover themselves in makeup so men can’t see who you really are. (There are many other things which apply here, but I do not wish to explain them all. If you take offense in my idle description: I don’t care.) You appearance is just a mask and your goal, while single, is to make yourself look better than you really do. My point is that everybody (and allow me to generalize here) wants to be more attractive to have the chance of enticing a good-looking mate. Whether or not this mate is fit for you is a different story (see SI/IOAIN: Part Two). But physical attraction seems to be highest on the list for most people in seeking a romantic partner.
During 1933 Wandrei lived in a studio apartment in New York that was within easy walking distance of the offices of Street & Smith, who published Astounding Stories, so that Wandrei could easily bring in a new story by hand. His story “Colossus” was the first “thought variant” story (stories based on some new or not-yet-overworked idea such as other dimensions or the timetravel paradox), and helped revive the fortunes of Astounding under the editorship of his editorial mentor, F. Orlin Tremaine.
Drain, then Wrap the tubing up.
The beach was absolutely beautiful out past the end of the road. I would've never guessed that there was an entire community miles beyond where the road ends - they have to drive on the beach to get to their houses!
To help me and my teenage daughter succeed in losing weight, I think “balance” and “persistency” are the two keys.
RELEASE DATE: August 3, 2012
All of the improvements Sergio has been making to the ranch are tax deductible and land owners pay less property tax on productive land than non-productive land. As in the United States, the Brazilian tax structure is very complicated, but on average Sergio estimated that Fazenda Marilandia pays only R$3/ha (US$0.68/ac) in property taxes. The soils in this area were much better than the ones we had seen earlier around Campo Grande and they did not have the issues with low pH values. The ranch does take soil samples from both the crop ground and pastures and takes appropriate measures to correct any problems.
(You have 24 hours to claim your prize, or I will choose another winner.)
SM: No. Maybe I should? That doesn't appeal to me but maybe it's because I've never done it.
The service sector accounts for the bulk of new jobs created, adding 95,100 workers followed by the construction sector with 22,000.
“The Hub: Dangerous Territory” by James H. Schmitz – Angie left a comment recommending this to me because Schmitz’s writing features strong female characters. It led me to discover the Baen Free Library, which is an amazing little corner of the web.
11. close baggie, use bone folder to squish all the colors together, do for several seconds until desired effect is achieved.
All these products can be ordered from Lil Bee's Boutique.
A piece in The Sunday Telegraph by Richard Gray, Science Correspondent, purports to give us spending data from the Department for International Development (DFID), "on projects which they say will either reduce carbon emissions abroad or attempt to deal with the effects of predicted changes in the earth's climate".
Well, the corn dog stand well was in the way and so was the lemon aid stand and the French fries with vinegar but I preferred corn dogs every time. Mountains of yellow mustard and, with one in each hand, I relished each bite. But I still had room for Frito Pie, as good if not better than homemade. The proof was in the tastin’. Give us a couple more bowls, please. Don’t forgit the please! That was damn good! You couldn’t beat it. I enjoyed the crunch and the onions just fine, I did, more than…Oh, man, (sublime!), the best damn chili I ever ate, Texas chili (with beans or without) chili you would die for if you’ve acquired the taste with my gotdamn stomach in an uproar and hereby warn you that it wasn’t wise to eat a third bowl. For relief we brought our Tums. Okay. Oh Lucky! When I die and go to heaven, I sure hope they have corn dogs and Frito pie. When you die and go to hell… he interrupted me…you’ll miss the chili. And with the pie go heavy with the cheese. Then a syrupy drink, make it sweet, make it tall. Hurry now, we don’t want to miss the next show. Save some for later Lucky, for the Midway was always crowded and was always hot for October.
Until 8:30pm on Wednesday (wait, that’s tomorrow? I cannot keep time this week), I don’t think I’ll be able to do a significant amount of posting. HOWEVER. I must share this bit.
I took the really fun checkerboard image in the set and repeated it over the background to create a backdrop for Alice. I used the colors of red and yellow for Alice instead of her traditional blue and white outfit. :)
The test of any humane health service is how it responds to patients, relatives and staff who raise concerns.
What I talked about is building strong economic relationships, strong national security relationships. No one’s talking about force. Nobody’s talking about going into Cuba or going into Venezuela. It’s talking about the other countries in the region, which are being influenced greatly by those countries, that are tending and moving toward those militant socialists, instead of the United States.
Joe Gibbs & The Professionals: Tribesman Rockers
The corrupt, biased media has done a smear campaign against the English Defense League, as they do with any group, person, or organization standing against Islamic supremacism. They tar, feather and destroy the good name of good people who stand for life, liberty and individual rights. Libel and slander like "racist," "fascist," "bigot," etc. color every news report of every counter jihad action. Despicable.
"The first word I ever heard used to describe myself was: resourceful."
5. Nakd raw food bars. These have probably been one of my favourite food finds. They are a perfect sweet snack that doesn’t just taste like muesli or syrup. They are bars made up of fruit, nuts and oats, sometimes with a little natural flavouring, all smooshed together. The BEST thing is, some flavours literally taste like cake! I tried the cocoa orange one the other day and I honestly felt like I was eating a brownie. I’ve also got a box of the apple pie ones on my desk. They aren’t baked, but pressed. They also lack added sugar or syrup, are wheat & dairy free, suitable for vegans, and one of your five a day!! What’s seriously not to love?!
It's a fun romp with a hungry and rather greedy frog, and the increasing number of his lunch means that it's a book useful for counting too. The illustrations are dreamy watercolour depictions of bog life. These aren't my favourite style of illustrations, and they lack detail for the younger readers. I do prefer Wilson's collaborations with Chapman.
Serves 12
You can't get good wine advice, the beer stores are dingy because of the case law (sorry, guys, but they are), and all we can buy at a supermarket/drug store/gas station is Diet Freakin' Pepsi. What's worst, maybe, is the thought that just across the border things are different, things are better: the citizens are treated like adults.
Meyer Lemons:
In the strictest sense, a business monopoly is a single seller of goods or services. Most businesses find it difficult to maintain monopoly status in a system of rugged competition. As Nobel Memorial Prize-winning economist George Stigler has written, "Most important enduring monopolies … rest upon government policies." Cable franchises and utilities come to mind.
Example: Your team is Oregon and you’re in the state of Oklahoma.
Normally, I like Wednesdays…. but today, I got nuttin’. A quick scan of the headline reveals no post fodder.
Thanks for indulging me!
So! Where to now, my sweet buttercup?
-15 cubes Ice
Silver City Two-Step by Bayou Seco
MI-04 Dave Camp WA-04 Doc Hastings
I've masked together two magnolia stamps. This Tilda is one of my absolute favorite christmas stamps :)
5) If you’re someone who only ate vegetables/fruits one meal per day, it’s a great way to increase your produce consumption overall. For us, this was very true! Now we shop mainly in the produce section of the grocery store, and many of the health benefits we’ve noticed are likely a result of simply increasing our fruit/vegetable intake.
Such seeming sleight of hand by Waddell and Aylward in seriously misleading a Government Minister and members of the House of Lords is to be deplored.
Betty Paige envisioned all of the assets a woman possesses. She was sexy, sensual and so very beautiful. She was born in Nashville, Tennessee in 1923. There is no wonder I love her so much because she is Southern. In memory of this gorgeous woman www.secretsinlace.com is offering 30% off of her shapewear. I am rushing over there right now to purchase mine.
Is gonna be alright
Here is a page I put together using the Button Box kit and add-on:
5. I channeled by inner Betty Crocker to make lemon cake balls for Adam's birthday. They were not a succes.
Tuesday, February 21st: 10 miles of trail on a moonless, cloudless night. Glorious!
A few items I’ve come across today:
When I arrived, I braved a huge crowd of people waiting in front of the boutique who turned out to be there to purchase a hot new pair of trainers..... I was the only one there for the guide (which had to be asked for, and was hidden away in a storage room....)
Most settle for caricature over character. At the moment, our collective narrative continues to obey the old patriarchal rules that the major players (planets) are guys and the minor players (asteroids and such) are the cheerleading girls. It would behoove the entire profession to actually go back and review each of the planetary influences and tease out the male and female elementals of each one, which are very obvious if one takes the time. Neptune is the most strikingly ridiculous example of this outdated model of perceptual patriarchy at work. The ruler of the deep, emotional, inchoate and mysterious depths of human emotion, psyche and soul is clearly not some gargantuan man holding a trident rising from the deep. The medium of water is held in the heart of the feminine. And yet, most astrologer’s simply and superficially hold to the arcane male imagery because they are taught to do so by a long line of teachers who seem incapable of exercising contemplative awareness and logical imagination. A starting place is to imagine the different aspects of water: sometimes it is a rushing, roaring waterfall, at others it is the still pond from which many wild and domestic animals drink. Find and spend time with the varied expressions of this elemental and where and when it expresses itself in a more masculine form and when in a more feminine form. Write about every possible expression of water in great detail; approach them with the poet’s heart. Listen, touch, smell and describe them with resolute precision.
The biggest names in Asia are Kirin (owns 15% of San Miguel), Singha, Sapporo, Tiger, Chang, Lao, Tsingtao and Taiwan beer. The biggest are the ones from Japan that I heard are brewed in North America.
Today I’m finally getting around to reading Garden Spells by Sarah Addison Allen.
"Dad?" you know, in the both cute but irritating way that only daughters can do.
What do you have that is "just enough"?
I am thankful for friends that understand me and are always there, even if we don’t talk as often as we used to.
It doesn’t matter how many people vote for the candidate of the Alchemy Party ticket. He’s not going to be able to change lead to gold. It doesn’t matter how many people in the Gallup Poll think they should be able to flap their arms and fly to the moon — they’re not going to be able to do it. So when you have The New York Times, on the front page, posing a self-evidently ridiculous notion like a politically savvy challenge to evolution — actually it’s not. It’s a politically savvy challenge to the poor bastards who are trying to teach high school biology.
We then reached Kelana Jaya LRT station around 6.45am. After Ikbal parked his car, we saw one young Chinese guy wearing the Bersih yellow T-Shirt. ” Look at that Chinese guy. He is not afraid ofwearing yellow. Why we are?” I asked my brothers.
“When we need to sale our home – we definitely will call them again!”
The person selected as the BIG CHEESE will receive a promotional code eligible for $10 off a purchase from the WMS Store and their project will be posted to a special Big Cheese albumin the WMS Gallery. (Another great reason to post your projects in the WMS gallery.)
9. Skip & Flip - Bury the Hatchet
Using the licenses purchased by Dr Covill, I started mentoring the product design final years in Maxwell Render. These tutorials, which proved to be a success, paved the way for paid training in Maxwell Render at the Centre for Design Technology.
So they are going to cut my hair.
Bonjour mon amies !
I use a free downloadable program called paint.NET - and it comes in both windows and mac versions though I have the windows version. You can find it by using "google". So here goes - any questions just ask - and leave me your email address so I can try and answer!
Melt the butter in a small pot and stir in the flour. Pour in the milk bit by bit taking care to stir all the time. The flour needs to be cooked or the sauce will taste horrible. Bring the sauce to the boil gently, remove from the fire and stir in the parmesan cheese. Salt to taste.
"Well, I was just being nice. I thought you might want to use a credit card to ring up some bonus points or something." And I was sorta squinting my eyes trying to make sense outta what he just said and I'm wondering if it is just me or something. What the hell? Why would I use a credit card for a $4 purchase? And what business is it to him? It wasn't like the store I was in had their own credit card--I know how they push that too these days. It was weird, I tell ya. Weird.
There was a girl who looked about my age not too far in front of me, so I decided to try and catch her. Unfortunately she was just too fast and too far ahead, I couldn't quite get to her. But it did give me a little distraction that last quarter mile. As I was crossing the finish line I knew the clock read 25 minutes, but I didn't know how many seconds. Chris told me not too many people finished before me. I went back inside and grabbed part of a bagel and a banana, and a few minutes later noticed they had put out a print off of the current results.
Hello fellow crafters!!
My Mum has fully recovered from her operation, the huge deluge of Birthdays in my family that hits the late march/early april is over and a very stressful meeting to do with my social anxiety has passed. Ahhh I can relax! So I'm hopping back up on the blogging horse and hope to be posting more regularly from now on. I actually have a proper review coming up! (Hopefully tomorrow, I just need to take some swatch shots when the light is nice).
Sorry about the photo quality – I made these just before Christmas to give away as presents and did not have the chance to photograph them properly, but you can get a feel for the different patterns. Once I got a bit more confident, I started coming up with more personalized designs that might be meaningful to the recipients.
Some responses from Hardwarezone forumers:
I suppose so. Otherwise what is the value of trust?
1 clogged
The Crambe cordifolia has also got plump purple buds full of promise for later in the year. I have several plants and need to divide one to give to some fellow gardeners in Montrose. I'm sure they think I've forgotten.
Felicity just nodded. After a minute or two of gentle but rapid ascent- during which Felicity noticed the cumulus cloud above them getting closer and closer- the rope began to slow to a stop. Petro bounded onto the cloud and clapped another young man on the back. Then he offered Felicity his hand, once more, and helped her onto the fluffy mass of water molecules.
* paint brush
Anyway, so with nothing interesting going on in my life I am very bored. (And by interesting, I mean dramatic). As much as I complain about drama, I love it. I live for that shit. Give me some good old fashioned dramatics any day and I’m happy. I loveee me a scandal, some malicious gossip.. Anything to spice things up a bit. With no scandalous guys, not only is my blog boring – but I myself am bored too. I definitely believe in the law of attraction – that by focusing on positive or negative thoughts, you can bring certain results into your life. In this case – I loveee drama, so am I attracting the wrong type of guy? Let’s have a quick recap of my last two months of dates:
The following August (2010) Miz Witherspoon, through the same trust associated with her Brentwood properties, quietly paid eccentric (and sort of frightening) actor Steven Seagal $6,900,000 for a 2.53 acre estate tucked down a long, gated driveway in a perfectly private hollow in the bucolic (and expensive) Mandeville Canyon area between Brentwood and Pacific Palisades. At the time of the sale, the equestrian-friendly property encompassed stables, swimming pool, flat lawns, a riding ring, and an existing Spanish-style casa built, as per the L.A. County Tax Man, in 1937 with 7 bedrooms and 9 bathrooms in 6,125 square feet (above).
3. Give yourself realistic goals. As I mentioned above, people often buy into the hype and have unrealistic expectations from their business. You have to make sure that you are going into this with a level head and reasonable expectations. While your online business can and will make you a lot of money, it will not do so overnight and it will require time.
2. Expresses its concern that incidents of religious intolerance, discrimination and related violence, as well as of negative stereotyping of individuals on the basis of religion or belief, continue to rise around the world, and condemns, in this context, any advocacy of religious hatred against individuals that constitutes incitement to discrimination, hostility or violence, and urges States to take effective measures, as set forth in the present resolution, consistent with their obligations under international human rights law, to address and combat such incidents;
Strangely, neither Kiran nor co-host John Roberts apologized nor even mentioned the apparent slip-up. However, AM executive producer Jamie Kraft apparently noticed: He did not run the story again during the second half of the show. Apparently, someone else at CNN took note as well:, When Kosik’s report resurfaced later on CNN Newsroom with Kyra Phillips, the mother’s interview was conspicuously cut.***
In Araucania region, 700 km south of Santiago, rain has damaged about 10,000 homes, flooded rivers and canals, blocked roadways, destroyed bridges and inundated more than 200,000 hectares of farmland.
Two Brother’s Dog Days Lager Warrenville, IL, Dortmunder, 4.9% abv
It’s only a moment in time to some
Unfortunately he got hit by a double whammy, though, as he still owns and rents out his mom’s old house in Bellevue, and it was nearly completely submerged. Last we spoke, which has been a while now, he still didn’t know where his renters had fled to, but presumably by now they’re probably some of the folks out there having to sift through and throw away most of the entire contents of the house. I know he sure wasn’t looking forward to the expected hassle forthcoming with his insurance company and was already preparing himself to be SOL.
melodious note,
8) 18th Century Matthew Henry: "The counsels and decrees of God do not truckle to the frail and fickle will of man." Augustus Toplady: “A man’s free will cannot cure him even of the toothache, or a sore finger; and yet he madly thinks it is in its power to cure his soul.” George Whitefield: "Man is nothing; he hath a free will to go to hell, but none to go to heaven, till God worketh in him" and "you dishonour God by denying election. You plainly make salvation depend, not on God’s ‘free grace’ but on Man’s ‘free will.’" William Huntington: "This brought me out of the free-will fog, and truth shone in my heart like a comet … from that moment I waged war against free will."
A "produced" author? What the hell does that mean? And how much did you pay to get published, Dave? Why aren't your vast credits and many sales listed on the website? Come on, show us your writer's resume!
Islamic Scholar Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi: US Responsible for Attempted Airplane Bombing; Egypt-Gaza Border Is “Artificial”
Claire...Gilbert O'Sullivan
You’re already a published adult fiction author, what made you want to write for a younger audience? Is it a genre you enjoy reading?
"Definitely."
He's also a first-rate scoundrel with a fondness for buried corpses (and their gold fillings), pissing off officers (and sleeping with their daughters), and his favorite neighborhood whore, Melina.
I read somewhere an argument that speaks to me on this: film studios have no real problem with ‘test screening’ a movie for audiences across the nation. The director of the movie doesn’t just drop some film reels off on some producer’s desk and walk away. There’s constant tweaking, even after it’s been called “done”. What are “director’s cut” editions, if not either the movie as the director originally envisioned it or tweaks to the film after it was shown to audiences? Book authors are a different matter, but they still have editors looking out to make sure the book is as cohesive as they can make it. Heck, even published works can get a brand-spanking new epilogue after the book’s been out for a while. So why is it that this video game, which has much more flexibility in terms of last-minute tweaks, is suddenly supposed to be set in stone? Nobody calls the test audience for movies “whiny entitled brats” if they didn’t like the ending. It means somebody misjudged the audience, and if it’s a serious enough misjudgement (is that even a word?) then the studios fix it. So even these other “works of art” are fixable right up to and beyond the point of publication/screening/distribution.
Weekly weigh-in: Loss of one and a half pounds. Not the twenty pounds I was hoping for, which would equal the suffering I did, but I will take it.
Alicia McCalla, Author- writes for both young adults and adults with her brand of multicultural science fiction, urban fantasy, and futurism. Her debut novel, Breaking Free will be available February 1, 2012. The Breaking Free theme song created by Asante McCalla is available for immediate download on itunes and Amazon. Visit her at: http://www.aliciamccalla.com
Obviously no nation is blameless in this regard but there's something about the way that many Americans - particularly sophisticated Americans, the kind you get in Woody Allen films - deliver these words that suggests that they feel that even the way the locals do it isn't sufficiently pretentious for them.
Yes, it is true. I am becoming one of those horrible people who post the contents of their latest JetPens orders on their blogs, just so all of their readers who have not just ordered some new pens from JetPens can turn green in envy. In my defence, I had not ordered anything from JetPens in years, so I was absurdly excited to receive this order. Maybe if JetPens extended their free shipping on orders over $25 to Canada as well as the United States I would place more orders? However, I should say that the basic shipping to Canada only cost me $5, which is very reasonable, so I really shouldn't complain too much.
First, I was to go for a run. I was so excited! It was a really beautiful day and the sun was starting to set, my favorite time to begin.
The dark nights are closing in, the winter chill is in the air so what does ones mind wander to? Planning my make up for the festive period of course. Previous you may think but nay nay in a beauty bloggers mind this is quite acceptable and even rational (especially considering secretly I have been gazing into the future imagining what delights I shall be going all gooey over in prep for SS11)
The articles will look at the publisher's services as well as their on-line web sites, and consider their suitability for publication of a collection of shorter prose I referred to in a previous article.
Use your jetpack and grenade launcher to keep your city safe from falling bombs!
and then the wind began to howl. the legs began to lift higher, the tent shaking violently. things started to blow off of the table, and i could hear bella faintly crying behind me. the tent lifted higher. we were all clinging to it, white knuckled. i looked at my dad, and the expression he wore spoke volumes. it wasn't a look of fear, but one that said, "i do not know what is happening". my calm, collected, in control dad looked as though he knew things had reached far out of his control.
I took a brisk walk by the pub last night to check on it's progress. I'm not one to dismiss, out of hand, a pub before it has opened or pulled it's first pint but the poster on one of it's windows was enough to convince me that it will probably be a pub that won't be getting much of my business. For a start, how can something that hasn't opened yet, claim to be 'A Tradition of Partick'?
So i thought a small update....no-one was ill over Xmas, a record for my children, we all ate too much, drank too much and spent too much...the usual...
Linear day-glow strokes
Recept: No, sir!
Hi - Daniele here this week and it's my turn to set the challenge. I love all things girly with pretty colours so this week I got to choose the theme, Swirls and Pearls with pretty pastels.
When my eyes lay on you I yearn to feel it
but it would be reasonably close to the kids.
And pretend that he’s a circus clown
Somewhere over the rainbow there's a t-shirt slogan/bumper sticker that hasn't yet been written. I vow to you, on this day, that like Forrest Gump accidentally found the happy face t-shirt design by wiping his dirty face on someone's shirt while running across the country all hairy, I will find and write that slogan and they will shout it from the rooftops. Or, I'll just keep on keepin' on.
I'm back from my trip to the Isle of Wight and I'm bored and sad without my friends! It was really nice to get out my town for a few days and go nuts with my friends so I'm bummed out that I'm on my own now.
by An Evil Nymph
Just to keep the humor I’ll start with the obvious ways to prevent rejection :
I want my child to feel special, to know that they are the most important person in my life and i would do anything to make sure they experience the best life they could possibly have.
91. The combination “ough” can be pronounced in 9 different ways; Read this: “A rough-coated, dough-faced, thoughtful ploughman strode through the streets of Scarborough; after falling into a slough, he coughed and hiccoughed.”
The right to non-participation and conscientious objection must be vigilantly safeguarded in a free society. It is one thing to tell religious people that they must not interfere with the freedoms and equal treatment of gay people under the law, but it is another thing entirely to force religious people to associate themselves with activities or functions that they regard as morally objectionable. Hopefully the State would never step in and require religious photographers to participate in a pornography convention or an atheist convention against their will, and so the State should likewise not be forcing photographers to participate in gay gatherings against their will. (Simply brilliant!)
- 2 garlic cloves, chopped
Oddly enough this isn’t the first animal murder attempt by Berlin artists in the last week, Students Iman Rezai and Rouven Materne wanted to use a guillotine to decapitate a sheep on camera based on the results of an online vote. Berlin’s Tagesspiegel newspaper 190,000 “No” votes and 120,000 “Yes” votes were registered in just six days.
The good news of Jesus Christ rests on the grace of God. Above all, that is why I err on the side of grace – because that is what I believe Jesus did. That is why he invited sinners to be his disciples. That is why he ate with tax collectors and pharisees. He healed gentiles and children and women. He forgave the unforgiven and welcomed the unwelcome. Time and again he leaned on the grace of God and for it he was betrayed, denied, abandoned and crucified.
Classy. ;)
Eventually it is anticipated that back-office jobs will also be moved to Manchester (Frankfurt: A0ETDJ - news) , along with engineering jobs. It is understood Etihad has chosen Manchester because of the opportunity to tap into a well-educated pool of graduates with extensive language skills.
Nine matches to go now. For the players the days must pass in a blur – we all know how it feels when you’re in the thick of a challenge that once looked daunting. You get your head down and hit a kind of rhythm. For van Persie and teammates it’s the routine of training, downtime with family, trains and planes to various cities across the country, checking in at hotels. All with the upcoming match in their minds. Six more weeks of this and they can relax.
within my reach...
How sad and still tonight,
Pretend to poke your child in the back (do this very gently; the idea is not to be hurtful). Coach your child to turn, stand up tall, put his or her hands up in front of the body like a fence, palms out and open, and say "Stop!".
The show obviously has a very upmarket audience, as although America got a lot of mentions, it wasn’t the main focus; the spotlight was on Greece, and its obviously unrepayable debt. What kept me hanging in on the show after the first few seconds of ads was that one of the invitees in the studio quickly said, “Greece’s debt is unrepayable. Any third grade kid could work this out”. As nobody in real authority anywhere in the EU or the US Federal Reserve will admit to this blatant truth, the guy got my respect immediately.
But at some point last year, we just kind of decided to be more of a team. I chilled out my manic weekend-planning; he ponied up and came with me to more stuff. And I guess that's the point I'm driving at here: That it's hard to find the balance between going out and staying in. Especially in a city like Austin, especially if you're part of a couple.
Norwegian Wood is made with smoked juniper berries. The smoke flavor on this beer was restrained, but still noticeable. Almost a spicy smokiness. Very good. Hopefully these and it's Scandinavian cousins will some day make their way to Austin.
Great Divide Brewing Company Messiah
but because of the love of Christ.
This is of course ironic because once the Islamists gained power, these atheist and materialist leftists and liberals would be the first up against the wall in a Islamic state. Not only that. I don't think that they would appreciate the piety of a state which banned Chardonnay, arty films and Radiohead. Thus their support of Islam is a best naive or opportunistic, and at worst suicidal.
UPDATE: The online version of the article now contains a review of the Barber Shop.
So, although I keep saying 'in the summer..' the first rewarding signs of growth and the first harvest of raddish are already upon us. Looking back, there is life all over the plot. Broad beans, peas, potatoes, onions, shallots and garlic are all growing well in the ground. I can't wait for Amy to see what the allotment will look like in the summer, it's going to be spectacular. I promise!
I could have avoided this mess by turning north a block earlier but I wanted to show the new railine that will go to the airport. It involves building a new road and it, too, will include a bike path that goes straight to the Jordan River and the Legacy Parkway. In fact, the day might have arrived when they will never be able to build a new urban thouroufare without including a bike path. The building in the background is also an old railroad station, the Union Pacific. It, too, never became part of the transit hub, we mostly us it to cut through to the shopping center to the west of it.
Heading back outside to enjoy some of this great weather.
huge, silky muscles at his neck and silvered dewlaps hanging,
Cut 12 pieces of yarn, about 16 in long.
We found a wonderful Church
So the early economists arrived at conclusions which strongly reinforced traditional British ideas about the value and importance of individual liberty in general. And classical liberal ideas had great influence in 19th century Britain. British politics at that time could in fact be seen as competing versions of liberalism, with the more Leftist version to be found in the British Liberal party. Note that it was a Conservative leader -- Peel -- who sponsored Catholic emancipation and abolished the restrictive corn laws. Perhaps because of Disraeli's extension of the franchise, however, the old gentlemanly British Liberal party was steadily eclipsed in the early 20th century by the rise to prominence of Statist ideas -- particularly Marxist, Fabian and Fascist ideas. And conservative politics came to be dominated by the need to combat, refute and compromise with the new Statist ideas -- with the old liberal ideas becoming secondary. Late in the 20th century, however, under the influence of writings by Hayek (1944), Ayn Rand (1977) and many others, the original liberal ideas were powerfully revived and extended -- when they came to be known among the cognoscenti as "neo-liberalism" or "Libertarianism". They are perhaps best known to the world at large, however, as "Reaganomics" or "Thatcherism" -- from their most prominent and successful political proponents.
So, I started filming and then she landed on her feet!! For the very first time!! I think we were both surprised and I love, love, love the look of surprise and pride on her little face.
I brought the original dress purchased back to the store in a nice black garment bag.
This morning my road brought me to CVS and a rainy parking lot. I, of course, think it’s remarkable.
Can you believe another week has passed? They just seem to go faster and faster to me. How about you?
9:00 – Gutbucket, Suite Unraveling @ Sycamore $8 (21+)
Drop kick her at her appointed thing and now I’ve got time to get some ‘Dog Time’.
Anyhow, I've been seeing them make a comeback but this time I'm seeing them cover chubby baby thighs. These are great for cooler weather and they are FANTASTIC for diaper changes. Because you don't have to pull them down, they can stay on those chubby thighs during the detox process!
there was a sale rack...... (oh boy, can you see where this is going???)
two Italian men and one Italian woman two French men and one French woman … two German men and one German woman two Greek men and one Greek woman two English men and one English woman two Bulgarian men and one Bulgarian woman two Japanese men and one Japanese woman two Chinese men and one Chinese woman two American men and one American woman two Irish men and one Irish woman…
This makes me wish that someone would start a comic book company with four-color superheroes, but in self-contained titles. If I want to read Amazing-Dude, I don’t want to have to also read The Avenging League, and all the members’ individual titles, just to get the whole story. I’d like to be able to read 3-4 titles a month and be happy. But, with so much digital media and everything else out there, such a business model no longer works for a medium that has remained in its current form, virtually unchanged, since the 60’s.
Lucretia Coffin Mott in 1842 (1793–1880) was an American Quaker, abolitionist, social reformer, and proponent of women’s rights. She is said to be one of the first American feminists in the early 19th century, & she surely was an early advocate for women’s political power & influence in America, where women could not vote until 1920.
This bill will no doubt be swiftly passed by all parties in your house.
Hi All! I will be getting my store up and running by the new year. Please keep following and tell your friends. Will have craft items for sale, general merchandise and personal care products, essential oils and blends, scrapbooking supplies and other items!
The story follows the Gambles, your typical middle class family living in your typical middle class neighborhood. The director goes out of his way to show you just how typical this family is, almost idealistic really, but things turn a bit squirrely before long.
After releasing the teaser for his new song, “When I Can’t Sing“, earlier this evening, Se7en continued to roll out his promotions by unveiling the full tracklist for his new album!
There are so many good ideas in Redacted. The fat soldier's first raid through the house borders on the Orwellian as he seizes documents he cannot read for evidence so that he can give them to a translator to determine if they are actually evidence. The blood stains left by the dead recall those thick lines of permanent marker blacking out sensitive information, erasing the full detail of the person who was there while still leaving an unmistakable trace of malfeasance. The cross-format collage of video sources presages Film Socialisme in a Derridean attempt to chase truth through the multitude of options now available to us and coming up shorter than ever. But the lapse of De Palma's subtlety results in a film that feels like a repository for every charge ever leveled against him, from misogyny to cheap cynicism to hollow rip-offs (the music lift from Barry Lyndon and a recreation of the scorpion and ants shot from The Wild Bunch add nothing). Many of De Palma's films have vile traits, but they are usually intentionally added, well-illustrated travesties cleverly dismantled by De Palma, who can be in the thick of it and above it all at once. This, however, is the only one of his films I've ever found truly disgusting, and I hope that he gets back to work soon to erase the memory of it.
~The End~
We walk through the woods. I’ve never done this before! It’s fascinating. The sights, the sounds, the smells!
(Not easily done, I assure you.) Here's an example of a proper warning:
Giggling, Molly replied, “Thanks, guys. Happy to be here!”
Between the more disease resistant hybrids (a hybrid is a cross between two tomatoes that you can buy commercially, you can't save seed from hybrids) and the resurgence in popularity of old fashioned heirlooms (that breed true so you can save seed from one year to the next) there is a lot of choices in tomatoes. If you haven't already grown them from seed where the choices seem almost infinite, there is probably a garden center near you that grows many different varieties. One near me grows around 30 each year.
A while ago I was looking to make a pretty large purchase. A new TV. Like a lot of consumers these days I did a LOT of research online before even going to a store. I even went to a few stores to “showroom”. This is a new-ish and growing phenomenon in the retail world (On a side note… this is what’s killing some major retailers these days). I was a “lay-down” sale. All that was needed was for the sales person to confirm my decision and then ask for my money. I went to Future Shop and gave the sales person a chance to do just this. He did a great job showing me the features of some TVs and he did a great job confirming my initial decision. And then he just stood there… it was weird and uncomfortable… it went something like this:
1/2 cup chopped raw almonds
Not only do I have all these other things on my plate, I am also in the process of getting a memorial tattoo done in honor of my grandmother. I’ll update things with that when the time gets near.
Bowden shrugs this off as “blowback” from an earlier confrontation with the online world, saying he doesn’t “care one way or ‘nother. They’ll buy their tickets no matter what. That’s what happens when you ain’t got no life except the emails and eBays.”
I’m Gary Weisberg of A1 Exterminators and I welcome you to, Uninvited Guests, your official source of news, views, help, tips, facts, fiction and fun on everything pest-related.
Every year...Austin realizes we have no camping gear,
As the single mother of a teenage son, the last thing Tara needs is the jet-set lifestyle of Mick Riley; even though their steamy and passionate one-night stand was unforgettable. Tara’s life is complicated enough without being thrust into the spotlight as Mick’s latest girl du jour. Tara played the game of love once and lost big, and she doesn’t intend to put herself out there again, especially with a heartbreaker like Mick.
This is a little freeverse I recorded a couple weeks ago, and didn’t end up filming until right before I crashed in the bed. I had a few ryhmes and I wanted to record for a while and an old beat that I had produced from a soul/blues joint I found in the closet. higher quality vids coming soon, be on the looks.
Tomorrow my Boyfriend and i will be visiting his sister. She just turned 17 and for a gift i am making cupcakes for her which i am sure she will appreciate a whole bunch as the theme is Tim Burton's "Nightmare Before Christmas" it'a an excellent movie which i recommend you see :)
As a child, I had no clue wheresoever he and Snowy, his super cute but fiercely loyal dog, traveled to in most of his books because they are places that do not register on my young mind. But it is precisely this element of novelty that makes these books a total hit with children.
Eve: “Go on, they’re expecting you.”
A final word on Nietzsche’s view of the present and future. In many respects Nietzsche seems most at home in the past; his accounts of aristocrats and priests is designed for the past, not for the distinctive forms of modern oppression and exploitation. But he is perhaps not far off the truth in identifying socialism and democracy as the successors to religion. Very often, when these words are spoken they serve exactly the same purpose: to enlist the oppressed, and their natural resistance to oppression, into a struggle that will serve simply to put one more faction of rulers in charge, whether that’s Castro or Obama.
Check out my clean floor under my ironing board! You can now also use that door. She gave me the idea of getting some bookshelves to put on either side of the bay window, and then using canvas totes (I'm thinking like Debbie's) or some sort of uniform containers to corral stuff. I see a trip to IKEA in the near future. I also have lots of ideas on my sewing room Pinterest board.
Panda sightings are not guaranteed. After all, pandas do what pandas want, and what they want usually involves food, rather than posing for the camera.
I’ll get off my soapbox now.
St Peter's The Saints Whisky Beer at 4.8% is brewed with peated malt and the beer is blended with English whisky from St George's distillery in Norfolk. It pours a pale golden in colour with plenty of initial carbonation driving off an upfront sweet peaty whisky aroma with a touch of biscuity malt. The palate brings straight up peaty malt interluding with sweet honeyed malt whisky and a lingering peaty warmth in the finish. My impressions are that this beer is showcasing the taste of the whisky more than the base beer, with the beer more or less adding new dimensions to the experience.
twirling her this way and that
"This planet is the new best candidate to support liquid water and, perhaps life as we know it”, Anglada-Escudé said in a statement.
Two years and three months.
Size: 102 Mb
Xilla: One is Video Vixen, Tahiry
Living in Tiny Cottage has put us within a few blocks of some of our best friends. It's also an easy walk to anything we could ever want, such as bars and restaurants and tattoo parlors. Seattle Mom and I walked to the local hipster bar Saturday night. Hipsters are funny in their plaid pants and thick-rimmed glasses, derby hats and ironic piercings. I bet you didn't know a piercing could be ironic but Seattle hipsters can make it happen.
Hayden immediately suggested using freeze-dried strawberries (one of her favorite snacks) to turn our "butterdream" base into a scrumptious berry pink. I know it's not raspberry, but it looks the same and still compliments the flavor of the cake and filling.
Despite my speed, the four of us were still late for the ceremony. That would have been fine if it hadn't been the CREAKIEST CHURCH EVER, thus our attempt at a subtle, muted entry prompted the capacity crowd to turn and ponder us as we took our seats. We’d missed the walk down the aisle which, unlike the opening credits of a movie, is quite crucial if you want to get a good look at the Great Dress Reveal. Suddenly, with a tap on the shoulder, the couple’s rings were handed to us. They were being handed around the church during the ceremony so everyone had the chance to pray over them... except we missed the part where they explained that, so we just thought we were all being given a chance to admire the rings (and dutifully did so).
In today's money he would have received over £300,000.
I first heard of and saw The Pack A.D. when they were performing in Windsor, Ontario at The Phog Lounge. Since then I have come to see them perform on numerous other occasions. Initially known as The Pack, The Pack A.D. are a two piece female Garage/Blues Rock duo that has just released their third full length album Unpersons. The band originates from Vancouver and features Becky Black on guitar/vocals, and Maya Miller on drums. The bands first full length album Tin Type was self released in April of 2007, and then re-released when the group were signed to Mint Records. A second full length followed quickly titled Funeral Mixtape also in 2008, which showed the band broadening their sound. Tin Type their first album featured seventeen Blues Rock songs that also contained elements of Garage Rock and Punk Rock. Songs such as “Gold Rush” and “All Damn Day Long” reflected their raw Garage/Blues inflections, which along with the rest of the album generated strong reviews and acclaim.
So it's been a really crappy couple of weeks. I'm not a huge fan of this time of year in general. But this year it seems different. For several reasons. I just think there's something really off kilter in the universe (or maybe just Lisa-land) that needs to be worked out.
But is this a satisfactory story? Suppose we somehow did away with these rotten politicians (by exiling them through deals or jailing them through a fair trial) and a relatively untarnished leadership came to power in a free and fair election. How confident can we be that the honest leaders of 2008 will not turn into kleptocrats by 2018? After all, many viewed BNP as the party of relatively honest and able politicians in 1991. Why did they, as well as those in AL, turn out the way they did? If we are to avoid a return to the pre-1/11 politics, then we need to answer this question squarely.
I created a cute little Earth Day card, combining this alpha set with "On The Mend". The heart shaped world is from the Give A Hoot Cricut cartridge, and I just think it is adorable!!! Love that it is heart shaped! I also used these stitched felt hearts, which I think I have had in my stash for at least 3 years!! Tee hee! Glad I found a cute way to use them!! Here is what I created:
I hope that every decent CAMRA member reading this is appalled by the behaviour of people who were there in their name, representing them. These were not some junior local branch hangers-on; they were senior members with significant responsibility for pursuing the aims and objectives of the organization. But they acted just as obnoxiously as the inadequate trainspotter in the Sheffield Tap.
Until then, I find that using Spinning Babies for baby positioning, pelvic rocks, hands and knees position, focusing on proper posture, using the Laselle exerciser and belly dancing (using my new Belly Dance for Birth DVD!) are all helping my hips feel good and to address my pelvic floor issues without making them worse with the advancing pregnancy. A good diet of plenty of protein and fiber has also been really important to prevent constipation. Green smoothies and rice and beans are my new best friends.
So here is my layout called "Squeeze Me".
An interior designer can undertake projects that include arranging the basic layout of spaces within a building as well as projects that require an understanding of technical issues such as acoustics, lighting, temperature, etc.
All these years, I kept my leather bracelet with studs as a momento of you, Billy Idol. Yup, I screamed after I typed that. Good times.
This was till a couple of years ago when I happened by on TV a familiar face in the telecast of this German movie - Reclaim Your Brain. The face was that of Irshad Panchatan, my coffee-house friend. I couldn’t contain my excitement. Of course, Irshad wasn’t a close pal, but sharing a coffee-house table tied us into a biradari (brotherhood). And then, it has been over 50 years – time lapse of a yuga, after which a re-connect triggers excitement of its own. During our lost decades we drifted away from New Delhi, into our separate work life, and into marriage, family, retirement, and now, ageing . He must be 80 ; I am 73.
A Bean and a Crumpet were in the smoking room of the Drones Club having a quick one before lunch, when an Egg who had been seated at the writing table in the corner rose and approached them.
So answer one phone call and open one envelope and half the world could be related to me----I guess I'm not alone.
or so I remember my father saying, as he
Foreign: info@rightspeople.com
Of all you think you’ve come to know
I have done bad things. I can’t take them back, and they are part of who I am.
OK, there was very good morning sex but the wedding night had gone and nothing was said---
other person.Psalm 42:1 reads, “As the deer pants for the water brooks, so pants my soul
This has always been an idea of mine that I think my mom would love. I’ve had a few friends take these pics with their whole family and they always come out SO nice and its such a nice memory to have. You know moms love pictures and especially of their kids & grandkids. I think your moms would LOVE and really appreciate this gift.
As Jesus trusted His Father we should give the full trust in his hands and accept Jesus as mediator. But we also should accept that by the offer of Jesus we all now can come directly to Jesus his and our Father and we should know Jehovah and that the things he asks from us are always for the good of us and the best for this world.
So I decided to share my journey with clearing my inbox publicly so that others can see that they are not alone: that there is nothing wrong with them that needs to be "fixed," and that the clearing process is really an act of self-love. Once you start to feel that shift toward doing this as a way to honor and love yourself, you can more easily shift and accept tips from "organizers," too.
one is host to the nightingale,
There were 150,712 new patient attendances at our Accident and Emergency Departments.
It was the 17th century, and Robert Dover was just fed up with Puritanism that’s growing every day, it seems, in Great Britain. He detested the ways puritans treated a lot of things. He did not like the air of propriety that hovered around England during his time.
I came to this hill post,
At the conclusion of his speech, the Tribes presented Obama with a plaque inscribed with his new Indian name,"Walking Eagle." The proud President Obama accepted the plaque and then departed in his motorcade to a fundraiser, waving to the crowds.
Athens is such a fascinating place - I don’t think we get the correct impression in the UK. I was lucky enough to have a day free to visit - first a guided tour round the lovely Acropolis Museum, led by Christina Sordina, Culture and Information officer at the Royal Norwegian Embassy, Athens. On the top floor, the floor dedicated to the Parthenon, and mirroring the size, where the light is stunning, I watched a group of small school children being given a talk on the beautiful frieze. Most of what they were seeing is only plaster casts, kindly allowed by the owners - the UK’s ‘British’ museum - which is of course a museum holding precious few British artefacts at all, just everyone else’s. In the photo, the original section is darker. The rest is replica. Maybe many of these children will never see their heritage without paying to come and see it in London... I felt very bad.
Ron Paul isn’t going to be able to pull off a stunning delegate victory, no matter how much his supports fantasize about it. Mitt Romney is the nominee. While a good 60% of the party didn’t vote for him, 90% or more are prepared to vote for him in the November election. Moreover 90% of the party views him as the legitimate GOP nominee. He won fair and square.That the Ronulans want to pretend like there’s any shot at winning in Tampa is the height of absurdity. That they think Paul can win with an underhanded and illegitimate stealth delegate campaign shows where these people are coming from.
In that earlier post, I said I didn't want to start a new blog on a more general theme, because it would mean admitting to myself that I was finished with Tanzania. Well, this blog has already become more general, or at least less Tanzania-themed. But I'm keeping the same name, because I'll never be finished with Tanzania. I don't know when I'll visit again, but everything about Tanzania will stay with me and will color everything I see here. Much as my two years living in the Philippines in 1982 and 1983 still colors everything I see here, and colored everything I saw in Tanzania. You never finish with those other places and people; they come away with you. So thank you, Tanzania and K2, for the big adventure.
Putin, who imposed a political system that stifled dissent and who dismissed the protesters as callow, pampered youths and Western stooges, will be sworn in for a six-year term on Monday.
And yes, I know you could arrest without a warrant…but come nah man…is 6 months all yuh planning this thing!
One of the most common medications prescribed to adults, and especially the elderly, is in the anti-depressant classification. Anti-depressants cause a long list of side effects including blurred vision, weight gain, headache, anxiety and sleep disruption. Many of these effects lead to a lowered quality of life and actually worsen the condition being treated. Multiple studies have determined that Omega-3 supplementation cuts depression ratings by 50%, without the devastating side effects of prescription drugs.
This isn’t everything you are.
Their tears were washed away by the saliva from the bile
Who would ever have thought that company law would become the main topic of so many football fans?
a neighbor and I
''I came from nothing, I scaled the Olymp, and I can do it again. Even when the Nazis burned my movies, I clung to hope. You have marked me crazy and yet you ask me to explain myself. Art will prevail! I'll make another movie yet. Cinema cannot be detained! Nothing can stop me, for I am Kino.''
“I think (the pain) gets harder after the initial shock,” she added. “For me, the shock wore off about a month ago. (Now) there’s no emotional buffer. It’s awful.”
However, the balance of sounds – both rhyme and dissonance – in poetry is rarely limited to the ends of lines, andDress Rehearsal Ragdemonstrates this masterfully. In the second verse, in addition to the “pace/face” rhyme, there is a lead-in of “racing man”, the repetition of both the assonance and the sibilant helping again to bind the observation together, the silibant in particular lending an element of threat to the verse, and connecting it to the closing refrain. Connections like this appear throughout the text: child/wild resonates withtwilight on the next line in the third verse, and the fist/wrist pairing echoes again the final verse with written on your wrist; in the first verse shave/behave has an assonancial relationship with razorblade.
What are you confessing? Link up.
with a quick stopover and 2 hour flight into Ho Chi Minh.
Show them who You are
Requirements
Or with honored friends
The end result: John Edwards is an asshole. But that much is obvious. What isn't so obvious is that he's being indicted for 6 felony charges related to his affair. If he's found guilty, he could face up to 30 years in prison and a 1.5 million dollar fine.
There is no local ownership of these publications. The community editorial board is composed mainly of supporters of Mayor Farbridge. People such as Ben Bennett, the man who stalled the Walmart store from coming to Guelph; or Susan Ratcliffe, a decent but idealistic lefty; or Brian Holstein, actor and unabashed fan of Farbridge. That board does not reflect the views of the majority of taxpayers in the city.
On the DWTS results show last night, after a mediocre night of dancing masked by kitschy ‘rock n roll’ iconogrpahy and imagery, we were left puzzled by the elimination.
Estes
10%: Fraction of Dutch prostitutes who are genetically male; half are male prostitutes (many of them cross-dressers) and the other half transsexuals.
He tells her he loves her
Two,it is possible that you ‘stubled’ on this blog and its contents.It is also possible that you are referred to this place.It is also not impossible that you have your religion that you belong to.You may have adhered to your faith no matter what! You may not have got anything to do with Jesus in the past.You may have been given a bad impression about the Lord Jesus Christ.Be not confused.Take your destiny in your hand and give it to Jesus.Do not be deceived.Hear this assurance from the Lord Jesus:
“This is nothing more than an empty threat being used to get people to support a treaty that judged on its own merits would not secure popular support.
We are beginning to suspect that C's misophonia falls under the same anxiety umbrella as his OCD and Tourette Syndrome. His OCD and Tourette's are mild, his misophonia is not, nor is the depression he's experiencing as a result. Frankly I do expect him to end up on anxiety/depression meds eventually, sooner rather than later, because I'm beginning to think the misophonia and OCD and Tourette's are just really severe, complicated symptoms of a larger underlying problem with his brain chemistry. Maybe we should quit focusing so much on the symptoms and try to get the underlying cause under control? Especially since they do have meds for that? I expect we'll be making some doctor appointments pretty soon.
By the way, one thing I always admire about my husband is that he buy flowers all the time for me. He buy them even when it is not a special occasion. I think it is nice to get flowers just because. It shows that he cares and thinks about me even when it is not anniversary or special day.
the ever-inspirational Jeanette Winterson, on the recent Booker debate. Here are the bits I love: 'Novels that last are language-based novels - the language is not simply a means of telling a story, it is the whole creation of the story.' Like Maths, she says, literature is another kind of language, not 'obscure or rarified precious - that's no test of a book - rather it is operating on a different level to our everyday exchanges of information and conversation ...There is such a thing as art and there is such a thing as literature.' And she doesn't mince her
Well, maybe.
Range: Smarts x 2"
I bundled it into Tansy's fever brew.. (the only time she raised a smile all day!) and had a sip. Mmm! Nibbling the leaf and wincing slightly at its strength gave me no indication of its potential as a beverage herb. I had been missing green tea, but that slightly astringent bitter taste is readily available all over the wood.
Due to the increasing difficulty of obtaining fodder for the winter-months in the highveld regions (where nothing grows in the winter, hence the Afrikaans name for the region, describing it as ‘Vaal’ (a beige-coloured landscape: infertile, without fresh green growth).
When it comes to others paths, I learned and hold people to 3 basic rules. If they follow these rules, then everything is good. If they don’t, then…well, I guess you could say, we don’t “relate” well….
Pakistan Armed Forces along with ISI successfully conducted operations against TTP and pushed them inside Afghanistan where they’ve created a base to attack Pakistan from. ISI had successfully brought down the number of suicide bombings in Pakistan, major terrorist actions were thwarted by good intelligence work of the ISI. Lt-Gen. Pasha was instrumental in limiting if not eliminating the US-supported-TTP who was extensively rampant killing 1000′s of innocent civilians across Pakistan.
◦ Urban Dreamers are young, urban adults who are social magnets and trend setters intent on and focused on living life to the fullest
I’m in a similar situation again. Molly’s breathing started getting laboured so we took her in and the vet said it could be tumours, but then it could be bronchitis, or pneumonia, or a hundred other things they couldn’t find out without tests. He also noticed one eye was slightly damaged on one side – could be tumours too, or trauma. It’ll be very expensive says the vet, like a builder quoting for a driveway – we could just put her down? No. NO! I told him she could never be too inconvenient or costly. Unless she’s in pain or discomfort she’s not going anywhere.
"Basta. Okay ito. Ano?"
Dufner Beats Els, Wins Zurich Classic
Life before him was like the sky without the sun. Like a bowl of cereal without milk. My like was like a… I’ve run out of comparisons. As you can tell I’m not much of a writer. I’m more of an artsy person. I capture moments on a canvas, and leave the rest up to the people.
Crumpets are comparable to English muffins but a bit more spongy. These have a salty bite to them, which I enjoy. They are best served warm off the griddle with some butter, jam, and tea. And a little bit of day dreaming!
Overall, I know I didn't say much about this book but it has some great plot twists that I don't want to give away. It's paranormal enough for paranormal fans and romantic enough for romance fans. I really liked it.
Instead of baby formula, I got Tahititian fruit punch in my bottle.
INTERIOR: REBEL GROWLER -- CORRIDOR
spangling rainbows in the sun.
First things first, boil some water and pour 1 1/2 cups boiling water over your 1 cup of gluten-free oats in a glass bowl. Let sit for 10 minutes for the oats to absorb the water and soften up. Then in a separate bowl, combine all of the dry ingredients and stir with a spoon or whisk. Then add in your oil, eggs and stevia and stir. Then add in the oats mixture and stir well. Lastly, fold in half of the bag of chocolate chips ( about 1 cup's worth). Pour batter into a 9x13 greased pan, and then top with the rest of the chocolate chips and about 1 cup of crushed or chopped walnuts (or nut-mix). Sprinkle the toppings evenly and then bake in a preheated 350 degree oven for 45 minutes. Pull from oven and let cool completely before cutting into for best results.
As an example, our menu this week looks like this:
Me: Cleaning windows is part of cleaning a house.
I can't get out of bed.
Thanks Krystal for this wonderful opportunity to cased you.
- Twisting or rolling follows, freeing the aromatic juices that you'll enjoy later!
I suppose really there are lots of reasons; excessive or inappropriate speed, not looking ahead, being unaware of hazards, using a mobile telephone/satnav etc, being distracted, being tired (slow reaction times), sudden movements (swerving to avoid a squirrel?!), not looking properly, not signalling your intentions to other road users, placing yourself badly on the road….. I could probably go on. It’s a cyclists responsibility to do what they can to avoid accidents within reason- cycling defensively, signalling properly, being aware of the other vehicles around them, riding within the highway code and the law… you could even go so far as to say “wearing a helmet” though that is not, and in my opinion shouldn’t be law (but that’s another argument). However, it is a drivers responsibility to do the same- to drive within the law and the highway code (which has probably been updated since most of us last read it, even if we can remember any of it). It is a drivers and the cyclists responsibility to respect other road users and try to ensure the environment is safe for everyone.
I spent many summers with her as a child baking scotcheroos, festive cookies, rice krispy treats and eating her wonderful squash casserole. She taught me to knit scarves and how to play rummy, and she crammed into my head Psalm 23. I would sometimes go to church with my grandparents where Meme sang in the choir. I can also recall memories of practicing piano at her house after school. Once I got older we would spend afternoons together walking around downtown shops and eating the foods my grandfather wasn’t very fond of. And never fail, dessert was to follow because my grandmother had the biggest sweet tooth of anyone I know. On my most recent visit, about a week before her passing, she sent me home with several of her cookbooks that I will cherish forever.
to what mainstream stuff I had here for a washing/conditioning or two(that’s 1-2 weeks).
Michael Behe is professor of biochemistry at Lehigh University, Pennsylvania and the founder of the modern Intelligent Design movement. His book “Darwin’s Black Box” ignited the controversy 14 years ago when it claimed that certain molecular machines and biological processes are “irreducibly complex” and cannot be explained by Darwinian evolution.
I bought my Holga 35 just before my friend Laura got married, and she and her lovely husband must have celebrated their one year anniversary recently. I think. I moved jobs and Laura's hard to keep track of!
Dibiase Vs Rhodes might have been the worst match, just because of the reaction, or lack thereof with this match. But like I said before, the problem is how Dibiase has been booked the last two years. After Cena said he and Rhodes isn’t in his league, Ted started losing matches, and booked like a complete fool. So the fans never believed Cody had a shot at losing the title.
Remember people speculated about his mother, and her boyfriend who was linked to the police service?
So given his performance, I would not trust him to run a mail room let alone Immigration. Then again perhaps that is why he was given the job. To fail. I have used that tactic myself also.
It should suffice to know that he must die, this vacuum is empty most of all, and it is unbridgeable. This is the stigma of human condition, this knowing is moving our lives.
And the best for last:
The images on this post are of a Belgian house of which the owners asked Edith to give their home a new look.
Why? Because "Baby, I was born this way", which means that I'm a superwhite girl with superwhite girl problems! Therefore I'm having an outstanding pale skin (yeah, people tend to ask me whether I'm ill if I leave the house without putting some blush on my cheeks - hard reality, people!), which doesn't even allow me to think about pulling this or that outfit of Parisienne-gone-mad-on-des-nuances-pastelles kind of attitude.
* Preheat Oven to 350 degrees
Sweet Mother is updated daily. You can follow by using the follow button at the top of this blog. If you’d like to read more Sweet Mother, simply check out the Archives section. Thank you for reading.
The peasant ritual of killing the pig though gruesome showed that all parts of the animal were utilized and nothing wasted
Epicureanism
I Am Number Four is by Pittacus Lore. First of all, I’d like to point out that it is a sad thing when an author’s name and his book title rhyme. Just saying.
Backstitched: The Embroidered Comics of Dee Clements
Er . . .
Next Fri. March 18th is the Friday Night Sew~in. Click here to join in the fun and sign up for a night of sewing/stitching/quilting or whatever you want to work on. This will be my very first time and I'm looking forward to seeing what everyone else is working on.
This $260 billion ($1.2 trillion minus $940 billion) deficit created by backdating the bill to 2010 instead of starting in 2011 when they should (until Democrats instructed them to do differently) has nothing to do with the deficit created by the doctor fix. So they compound: $260 billion plus $197 billion equals $457 billion.
Research indicates that a diet high in added sugar reduces the production of a brain chemical known as brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF). Without BDNF, our brains can’t form new memories and we can’t learn (or remember) much of anything. Levels of BDNF are particularly low in people with an impaired glucose metabolism—diabetics and pre-diabetics—and as the amount of BDNF decreases, sugar metabolism worsens.
Update on May 3, 2009: His sandals still fit! I will get at least part of the summer, if not the whole summer out of them because they are still in great shape.
Mile 3: Chris needs to stop in a Carl's Jr to "throw the kids in the pool." So much for all the work we did to break through the crowd.
They are both really good rules, with exactly the same level of play, and both supported by a healthy flow of supplements with either scenarios or force lists. So far the biggest difference is that BE: WaW uses the same basic mechanics for both infantry and vehicles, while DHC7B has a different way of dealing with it. However, the game’s design philosophy is clear about why, and might make up the (very little) extra complexity with better results when playing with infantry and tanks together.
There must have been a misunderstanding, or at least something close to it. How else to explain the distance we feel, despite only being a couple of feet away? The funny thing is, I’m sure neither of us really know in that moment what it is that is creating that separation. We’re just aware to know that it’s there, whispering its uncertainties. Just loud enough to make its presence dimly felt. Just faint enough to make us wonder if it’s there at all. And somewhere in the middle of that bizarre ambiguity, we linger about with not much else to do but to quietly avert each other.
Something burst inside him. He turned his head and looked at Anna.
And I saw a cloud formation.
Fast forward half a decade and WoW's PvP is STILL hard, and now there are so many more options with different brackets, new classes, new abilities, and plenty of team variations that make it nearly impossible to know what you'll face when you turn up for a new match.
For me, it will also be the race where I realized that, yes, I can push myself.
We went out to Edendale to see Fr Masemola; he wasn’t in, but his wife was, and she gave us some lemon squash. We left her some copies of the Message, and she said she would give one to Mr Rakabe, who is one of their parish representatives to Synod. She spoke of her children, one of whom has just finished matric and is hoping to go to Cambridge. She said her mother had been moved to Limehill, and is living there in a tent.
These cameras do a great job and have 5 star ratings but I've always had trouble getting beyond their geek factor. I just couldn't ever see myself with one mounted on my helmet. Not to worry. I came across a guy on a cycling forum I post to who takes some really nice video with the same camera but he uses a handlebar mount rather than the helmet mount. This I can do.
I’ve been a SF fan since I can remember; I was amazed by Clarke’s Rama Cycle (read that even before I read his Odyssey novels) in primary school, and was enthralled when I watched Enemy Mine – Clarke’s series’ of novels about the strange object that enters our solar system and the awesome movie in which a human and an alien must try to survive with each other’s help despite the fact that they are at war planted seeds in me that buried themselves deeply – of which I’m very glad. But SF is very difficult to pull off well, whether done in a novel or a movie or a TV series… It’s a genre that can very quickly lose whatever it is trying to convey by putting too much focus on either the SF-ness of the tale, or the human angle of the tale. It is only when that exquisite and delicate dance of balance is achieved that SF will blaze like a gamma burst, and there are so few people who have achieved being able to move themselves -and by extension, us- along the steps in that dance that it explains why SF is, to too many people, still only aliens and spaceships.
Second Course:
The best meals we had was undoubtedly at Salt Grill, the fine dining restaurant created by Luke Mangan. Meals at this intimate 40-seater involve a surcharge of $30 for lunch and $40 for dinner, but you can order as much food as you like - drinks are extra. We were lucky to have Luke Mangan himself on-board our cruise and we ate so much across two meals that you'll have to wait for the upcoming separate post.
Twin Liquors
In the afternoon we did a bit of shopping and then my cousins came over to play.
*On March 31st we FINALLY moved to Tooele. It had been a VERY long few months of Joseph commuting 3 hours a day. We are doing a rent to own on a house that we love with a yard that we love even more. The kids have started school and they love it. Aidan is already getting all of his help and the people at the school are wonderful. The Lord works in mysterious ways.
Pages: 384
As a gesture of Christmas goodwill, Asda plans to stop using its “Be a better spec saver” slogan after this week -- but that's about as far as the goodwill goes. The supermarket will continue using the “elliptical lozenges” logo in its stores and on its website despite Specsavers’ complaints.
“The main thing with these signings is these guys are physical,” SeaWolves’ owner/coach Alex Silva said. “They have a lot of skills but they’re going to be good, tough, physical players for us. That’s something we’ve really been looking for.”
Thankfully, writer/director/cast member Chris Grega also took care to give the main characters depth beyond their stock types. John also has a troubled marriage, for example, and Gary blames Richard for ruining his life by stealing both his girlfriend and his game ideas in the past. This prevents the characterization and humor from being stunted at a corny "live action Knights of the Dinner Table" level.
As a kid I was a big fan of Gary Glitter, in fact the first record I ever bough was one of his. Then when I got to my early 20's the 'ol nostalgia buzz kicked in, and I started going to his shows and playing his music again. Everyone knew I was a fan, and I even organised a coach trip at work one Christmas for most of the office to go see him live. Then in 1999 he got caught with a load of child porn on his PC, when he took it into PC World for repair... but it was me left picking up the pieces!!! The accusing looks over the desk the next morning at work almost had me down as his accomplice!!! The opening bars of 'Rock n Roll Pt I' used to send shivers down my spine (admittedly I was usually well tanked up on lager and Mad Dog at the time), but now on the rare occasion I hear it, it makes me feel physically sick.
So for those who actually read my blog and semi keep up with it, sorry about the no post/ no open letters yesterday. I was uber bogged down with work, kids, engagements, Etsy stuff and so on. Lame excuse, but there it is. So today I will post 2 open letters to make up for yesterday's lack of one. Yay for me! Please be seated. Your praise and applause is unnecessary. ;D
11. Wings Won't Let Me Fly
Vidya asked, Many times interview ask about information about projects from the last organization. How to answer this questions as if somebody may not want to disclose this information ?
I can be one of those 'fluffy gamers'. Doesn't mean I I don't sometimes stumble into a powerful army build or combination, I don't want to like stupid things, I just tend to by nature. To clarify, I don't think they are stupid, but the more competitive of gamers out there might pose questions about the teams, forces, and armies I gravitate toward with "Why not take X?" or "Beta would be a lot more effective than your Gamma." etc. But these suggestions invariably break the theme, the fluff, or the sheer goofiness of what I have in mind. And I'm left wondering how they could suggest these changes: like people who want to put mushrooms on pizza: I know it's common but it is just so wrong. And let's not even approach the taste bud imbalance required to want pineapple or BBQ sauce on pizza. Or Corn. Do you know that it is common to put corn on pizza in Belarus? To be fair though, I don't think anything called pizza there should count as pizza other than the home made pizzas I made there. OK, this is going off topic, as Pizza will tend to impose.
Oh and did I mention his wife name is Sheree!
So today, I thought I would try to cheer you up a little.
some had to die
Brouwerij De Block bvba Satan Red
"Sure"
I've recently read two of Henning Mankell's books one after the other (bought on a book sale). The previous one, The man from Beijing was not one of the Detective Inspector Kurt Wallander series, and I did not enjoy it as much as this one, which does feature Wallander.
Not to be callous, but I now move on to my unplanned shopping trip. I was a bit dazed and tearful as I wandered into a charity shop, hoping for a big distraction. I was lucky....
‘Door Ni Kulne’ is the first single to be taken from the young producers first album — ‘My Time’, which is produced in his bedroom studio! Only 21 years old, Manni Sandhu has been producing and remixing music for many years now. Starting with producing out of his bedroom, he released his first mixtape ‘The Demo’ in 2006. It was an underground hit. The next year he followed it up with another – ‘Mutual Concept’. This mixtape took him from the underground scene into the mainstream Asian music scene. He was introduced as an up and coming producer to look out for by Ameet Chana on his BBC Asian Network ‘Breakdown’ show and then went on to gain further media support and club plays. Following that, Manni decided to release his own music and released his debut single ‘Pawara’ in 2008.
Your state and local bar associations around the country have scheduled events to honor Law Day.
Try to let them see
3. PIB Wrap-up.
and I think, as always, it’s for the best.
Brandon and Nathan stood there, looking like they wanted the ground to swallow them up. Shit, did I just start unnecessary beef?
The video, an extremely loose connection, thats all. AA’s local flight thing is called American Eagle, and so…
“Yes, big brother, Love. L-O-V-E—”
When I hear a title like Hell Comes to Frogtown (1987) a little twinge of excitement tickles my spine. I watched this movie knowing it was going to be bad. It did not disappoint. Hell Comes to Frogtown stars wrestler “Rowdy” Roddy Piper (They Live) as Sam Hell, one of the last remaining fertile males in the not too distant future. Hell is captured and his netherbits are locked up by the provisional government so that he can go on a mission—wait for it, wait for it—to impregnate all the fertile females that are held hostage in Frogtown. So what is Frogtown? Frogtown is the steam-filled factory-like settlement inhabited by mutant frog people. Ribbit. If this movie sounds a little campy and chauvinistic, it’s only because it is. This movie can’t go ten minutes without women disrobing themselves. Frogtown has everything you’d expect from a campy eighties sci-fi action comedy. You got your butch, cigar-chomping, short-hair chick who’s always stroking a big gun (Cec Verrell). Then there’s the “nerdy” chick with the stick up her butt who lets her hair down and removes her gigantic owl glasses (and several articles of clothing) to reveal she’s secretly super hot (Sandahl Bergman). There’s your regular Joe protagonist (Piper) who just wants to get the blasted electrocution diaper off his junk. Finally there are some truly silly people in big frog puppet suits. The film is ugly and terrible…just the way I like it sometimes. If nothing else, it’s better than Super Mario Bros.
Monday was Grace's first day of 1st grade! She was very excited - she woke up early, got dressed, made herself breakfast, brushed her teeth and her hair and had her backpack on by 7:00 a.m.! The first day was only a half day so I picked her up and we grabbed lunch, got her hair cut and bought some fall clothes for her. We had a great time together!
"I'm home. Kamusta? (How are you?) What's up?"
KATHMANDU, APR 27 – The ex-Maoist establishment have organised themselves under the banner of ‘Ex-People’s Liberation Army Association’ under the leadership of Nanda Kishor Pun, a former commander of PLA. The establishment of the association was announced during a meeting at Khanna Garments in the capital on Friday.
We all learn by being challenged. We feel better after we've tackled something that was really difficult. What is important is that we were able to tackle it.
Which is EXACTLY why I love Miller Lite. I'm not sure if I've said this yet, but I love me a cold Miller Lite during the summertime.
I think we have all learned something from this expierence. For myself, I have a new respect for Mr. Sunny. I doubt I will ever take him for granted again.
This is what I rolled over to during the night. It was the song that never ended. Just went on and on my friends… Yes, the woman was a talker, but only in her sleep. Off all my lovers, she was definitely one of my favorites, or, I should say, at least the most memorable. I’ve never had a woman ask me to
Rolin-Ianziti, Jeanne, and Rachel Varshney. “Students’ Views Regarding the Use of the First Language: An Exploratory Study in a Tertiary Context Maximizing Target Language Use.” The Canadian Modern Language Review / La revue canadienne des langues vivantes 65.2 (2008): 249-273. Project MUSE. Web. 6 Mar. 2012.
An interesting point, flattery is the only instance where the results and reactions are the same whether it is genuine or not.
I am so humbled and grateful for the opportunity of helping people through my experience in life.
First off, I realize that not all black and Jewish people are interfaith children. Some are converts (most famously, Sammy Davis Jr.). And some African-American families have been Jewish for generations, including the family of brilliant blogger MaNishtana. The point is, being black and Jewish is not necessarily an interfaith issue: black is a race, Jewish is a religion, no necessary conflict or mixing involved.
Genre: Young Adult, Mythology, teen romance
On this occasion I find myself riled once again by the popular and populist demand for vernacular education, and to maintain a multi-track education system in the country. Again and again this issue bedevils our national politics, and again and again most, if not all, of the political parties in the country fall back to their safe positions while banking upon what they regard as their natural and safe political constituencies.
Anyway... here ya go. Let me know if you try it and how it works for you.
He cut his teeth here. Acquired the Allahabadi style and speak, and joie de vivre.
Celebrate National Historic Preservation Month, Mother’s Day and the Centennial of Women’s Suffrage in Oregon during an author event showcasing five local women and the histories they have recorded. Enjoy coffee and conversation with Marylou Colver (author of “Lake Oswego Vignettes”), Claire Kellogg (“The Diary of Will Pomeroy”), Alicia Yokoyama (“In Their Own Words”), Jude Graham (“Cooking up Oswego Memories”) and Claire Oliver (“Chronicles of Lake Oswego”). 460 Second St. Lake Oswego, OR 97034
Later sessions for an album which was never released saw drummer Taff play the guitar parts since Henry had disappeared off the scene. A change of name to Try with a more new wave sound followed but the band soon split when new guitarist Mosha Daboul was called up for national service by the Israeli army.
In later years, the family did graduate to week-long breaks, but never too far from home. The only foreign travel was across the border into the Republic of Ireland, except once, when we went to a B&B in the very exotic Isle of Man.
McArthur found there was no work in Liberia. He took a bus from Monrovia to Dakar - 1 174km, 3 days, in search of something better.. After Dakar did not work out for McArthur, he booked another bus ticket, right down the artery of the ear of Africa, Dakar to Accra - 2 139km, 6 days. Every time the bus braked, he would be flung into the stairwell. Swathes of dust billowed for 100hours, through the dishevelled exterior, right into McArthur's nose. He held screaming babies for their weary mothers and avoided conversation as he was assumed a local who could at least speak French. He couldn't. And, in all five countries the bus braked to a rattling halt, McArthur was flung into the dusty stairwell because that is the seat he was allocated on his ticket.
While cleaning wristwatches is best done by a professional, you can do it at home if you like tinkering with mechanical things .You might not want to try this at first on an expensive or favourite wristwatch that means a lot to you, as you will most likely ruin the first watch you try this on. Get an inexpensive watch to practice on till you get perfect.
Sometimes the card is actually doing that, sometimes it isn't. In this case, it's merely saying that Kershaw led the N.L. in ERA last year and Koufax led the N.L. in ERA in 1963 -- the year to which this year's Heritage is paying tribute.
A break from actual cassettes today. This bottle of Radio Shack (Tandy) Tape Recorder Head Cleaner fluid, from 1993, was actually part of a kit. In addition to this product, the kit contained a bottle of Head Lubricant of equal size, and ten long-reach swabs. In the year this was bought, the price of the kit was £2.69.
I’m fairly certain that the Apprentice candidate’s creations won’t become widely accepted appendages to our national language, but with obscure words like “schooligan” and “Chindonesia” now formally recognised by Collins, you never know!
The Hebrew midwives when ordered by the king of Egypt to kill all male Hebrew children refused to do so and as a result we are told that God commended and rewarded them (Ex 1:15-22). Rahab the harlot similarly refused to co-operate with the king of Jericho in handing over the innocent Israelite spies (Jos 2:1-14). She is later praised for her faith in so doing (Heb 11:31; Jas 2:25).
Printing:
"The loss of social values is the basic problem.."
The online payment system began as a pilot project in 2007 and has expanded to include 35 schools. Should the Board approve additional financial support in the 2012-13 budget process, an implementation plan to rollout the online payment system to all remaining schools will be put in place. This initiative still allows parents the option to pay by cash or cheque.
Network When you have to repair your fishing net
So I was browsing into my ‘decoration tips’ file. Since I started blogging I filed a lot of inspirational images which are very helpful whenever I have to create my tablesetting or if I want to redecorate my home bringing in only a few little changes. As I was printing some of the images, I thought that maybe it wouldn’t be a bad idea to share them with you.
So whats really changed now that she’s staying home full time with the baby?
Old Chimney: Whenever I come across the remnants of an old home site that’s been reclaimed by the woods, I can’t help but think of Robert Frost’s “The Need of Being Versed in Country Things.” The poem touches on the theme of the transience of human life and civilization, and the indifference of nature to man’s plight. The lines “Now the chimney was all of the house that stood/ Like a pistil after the petals go” could well be describing this scene just off the Osprey Trail. The chimney, which is largely intact, is of bright red brick and apparently of relatively recent construction. It creates a striking contrast to the green woods all around it. (Approximately 10 minutes walking time from Church Street parking lot.)
If you want to include all things defined as "guns", the "most powerful" is going to be either the Gerald Bull "supergun", which though it never fired, would have been about 150 feet long and 16 inches in diameter, but which could fire a projectile into the edge of space; or an artillery piece launching a nuclear weapon. For "biggest" you would probably choose one of the absolutely gigantic 24" to 36" artillery pieces created during WW1 or WW2, which launched projectiles as much as 12 feet long and weighing as much as 15,000lbs. So, moving on from that, the question is still basically impossible to answer simply, because the "power" of a firearm is determined not by make and model, or actually anything about the firearm itself; but by the ammunition that it fires.
Other Electronics News:
The Award for Vision recognizes community planning ideas and concepts that propose creative solutions to specific sustainable community issues; examine transformative approaches to land development and building scenarios; and promotes healthy communities through comprehensive community and/or building design and programming.
and we perceive what the title says.
...and at least, Avant almost got a touchdown, but as everyone knows almost doesn't count in football and tiddlywinks (okay, almost might count in tiddlywinks, but I'll leave that for the North American Tiddlywinks Association to decide). I should have just gone with the Saints' Marques Colston, who has been solid, if not inspiring. Even though he or a ball he was carrying didn't cross the goal line or the pylon, he still managed 16 fantasy points on eight grabs for 113 yards -- and, to boot, his team won.
Proper Maintenance Of Your Garbage Disposal
A drift voyage at the mercy of dominant winds and currents would have been extremely unlikely to reach the Marianas from any source area, so an intentional voyage of exploration is more probable. Actual settlement required sufficient numbers of males and females, plus at least some imported subsistence plants, even perhaps animals eaten en route, so it is likely that a degree of planning was involved. While the first explorers to discover the Mariana Islands may have possessed many cultural traits and skills shared commonly throughout a broad region, the subsequent successful colonisation indicates strong similarities of pottery type and language with the northern Philippines.
Gay And Bird, 22 Bedford Street, Strand, London
Talented actors, published book writers, poets, web designers, produced playwrights, sold screenwriters, jewelry and clothing designers, fire spinners, aerialists, song writers, band members, instructors, teachers, coaches, program developers, radio hosts, inspirational speakers, editors, faith leaders, music producers, film producers, people in casting, directors, visionaries, heads of non-profits, reporters, artists, community activists, painters, community leaders, photographers, singers, dancers, choreographers… Well, too many things to list… And some people with the biggest hearts in the world.
We do break like china don't we. We cry. We grieve - for the thousands a of lives shortened; for those left behind in shock and grief; for the transient nature of our existence. Sometimes the pain comes from a feeling of helplessness. There are things we can do. We can all send Metta (loving kindness) across the miles to those who are suffering. If we're financially able, we can donate to appeals such as the Red Cross.We can plant our own white flowers.
I have been listening to an audiobook of Edgar Allan Poe short stories over the last week or so - on the train, wandering round the supermarket and so on. I had thought I had read all of Poe's stories at least once over my life, but if I have ever read The Angel of the Odd I had totally forgotten it (and that seems unlikely). What a strange story that is - even by Poe's standards. And it reminded me of what an impact Poe made on me when I first read his stories.
1 demonstrated
Victorian Homes
In need of a giggle or a guffaw?
Card Size: 6" square
Here are the Design Team's creations:
of its rising, that has gentled my nights.
2a) 4X3 Behind the neck Push Press (snatch grip) – heaviest possible, rest 60 sec.
However, it seems that he hasn’t talked to his colleague, Brian Thomas, as the other primary ICR News writer is on record as saying:
I also know that there are business investments and although I don’t completely understand the money side of that, I do understand the relationship side of that. I know that if I want to advance in the business world that I need to have relationships with those in a position that I would like to be in.
The drug economy is surpassing the fuel economy
Shatter Me by Tahereh Mafi (Signed) + Swag!
Here's what you can expect to find among the pages of Sticks and Steps;
6. Your Nose is Gonna Grow
Burial of the Mice
OK, I've had enough with the snow day pictures. Spring is officially here and for the moment the snow is gone! But since we've been known to have March/April snowstorms, I won't get my hopes up too much. For now I'm taking in the latest star to the landscape scene- snowdrop blossoms.
For a very long time . . . and i mean a V-E-R-Y long time, I didn’t know that people ate VELVEETA . . . really!! . . . almost as bad as cheese whiz !!!
11:15 A.M. EDT
95 gr (3/4 cup) of icing sugar
Completing a Form 1040 may impact a client’s “Accountant Satisfaction Rating.” Whether justified or not, clients often gauge their accountants by how much income tax they pay.
This week I’m going to be doing a 5-part story on exiting the comedy portion of my life. Here is part five (another long one – sorry).
The point of Allen's narrative is to caution against knee-jerk negative reaction to "daring, risky" Israeli military operations. Even high-ranking officials in Reagan's administration, including VP George H.W. Bush, Chief of Staff James Baker, and presidential aide Michael Deaver, advocated punitive actions against Israel in the wake of the surprise strike on Saddam's nuclear materials testing reactor in 1981, Allen remembers. But the most sober and far-sighted in the situation room--Reagan himself--after hearing all points of view on Israel, only "smiled and turned to the papers on his desk," and, when he did speak directly on Israeli policy, offered only private and pithy pearls of wisdom such as "Boys will be boys." There seems to be an implicit warning here to President Obama to curb any enthusiasm he might possibly have for condemning Israeli military policy, in this case regarding the Gaza blockade - or, more ominously, potential future Israeli strikes on Iranian nuclear facilities.
ha
If you are out and about looking for some unique handmade Christmas presents then Im going to be at some great events in the next few weeks, including Guildford Craftacular on Saturday 3rd December and the We Make London Christmas Popup Shopping Experience on Saturday 10th December so do pop by and say hello if you can.
The second event bringing the crows into focus was the day I arrived home to find one calmly walking on my roof ridge. Goosebumps popped out on my arms and legs and a cold chill ran down my spine. The image of evil from every movie depiction of crows and there it was, on my roof.
Any of my readers want to add? And I have turned off word verification so it will be easier to comment!
I wasn’t taking any chances. My plan was to hide.
Valid from 11/01/10 - 12/31/10
The dumb asses go for walk up the road until they get to a road that is lined with white crosses (upside down apparently) and still keep going when they find bags of human bones hanging from trees. They come to shack which has some ugly local leering at the women. They impatiently asks for his help or a phone and he rudely tells them no. They try asking nicely and offering money but he still refuses to help. Eventually after wasting even more of our time he chases them away with a shotgun. Now they are wandering through lost through the woods and they start bickering and one woman treks off in huff. This a waste of more time since next scene she back with them again.
Tip the flapjack mixture into your greased baking tin, spread out into one even layer and firmly press down to give flapjacks tightly packed with oats, coconut, spice and general deliciousness. Bake in the centre of the preheated oven until lightly golden and slightly soft in the middle. The time this takes depends on how thick your flapjacks are spread out but they can take anything from 15 to 30 minutes.
Before we get to the DT samples, I am happy to announce that we have a new guest for August and September. Please give a warm welcome to Tanya!!
It is only now I am hearing for the first time, that last year when Commish Greene was hospitalized; even the radio stations were playing this fond GT ditty. Perhaps it may be a good thing to play the re-mix in version extolling that ME-NA-DEAD-CROW-A-PICK-ME-EYE in direct reference to the folks in Linden questioning their vitality, verve and viscosity of Prime Minister Hinds. His attempts to bamboozle them and lay the blame at the feet of the APNU’s Granger, is not sitting well at all there, or here.
To show something totally new I gotta show this.
At the GALA BANQUET
And how can you not admire a lady who can with such aplomb carry off a mantilla larger than her head?
Chris Townson said his favourite memory of Jet was the free sandwiches in the studio. In fact, he said it was his most joyous memory, and all the other memories of Jet were appalling. My favourite memory…. well, we once played a gig to one person in Dunoon. That was quite funny, but I wouldn’t like to do it again.
While they often occur from natural causes, sinkholes can be man-made and caused by human activity. Groundwater pumping and construction are the most likely culprits.
He remained picky about the roles he took, and as such turned down some classic films; here's just a few of them... Breakfast at Tiffany's, Ocean's Eleven, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Apocalypse Now, Dirty Harry, The French Connection and Close Encounters of the Third Kind.
I have surrounded myself with negative emotion for far too long.
In One Hundred Years of Solitude, Gabriel García Márquez commuted Third World consciousness into a literary revolution called “magical realism,” defined by the writer himself as a form that “destroys the lines of demarcation that separate what seems real from what seems fantastic.” García Márquez uses figurative and “irrealist” techniques to retell the turbulent history of Latin America. He also employs absurdist humour to protest all kinds of oppression from bourgeois morality to Roman Catholic orthodoxy to US neocolonialism.
$1,000,000 Oklahoma personal umbrella protection may cost as little as $150 a year. Visit our web-site at www.rci-ins.com for more info or to request a proposal.
Rosy glow, mood enhancing, and free.
While trying to save her brother four years ago, Greta was thrown into the witch’s fire herself, falling through a portal to a dangerous world where humans are the enemy, and every ogre, goblin, and ghoul has a dark side that comes out with the full moon.
25. SHAUN POLLOCK (RSA) Right Arm Fast-Medium (1991-2008)
My Dear Brothers and Sisters in Christ,
What I’ve been waiting for however is the opportunity to sit in the area of our front yard where I feel at most at peace, the spot I’ve recently christened my “Holy place”. The descriptor came to me days ago when I was sitting in my recliner looking longingly out the window at that area, thinking the time will soon come when I can be out there, when both the weather and temperature will support my visit. First, or best I should say, would be when my Adirondack chairs will be finished and placed in their special place under the boughs of the maple, where I can sit in the dappled shade and relish in the beauty of the moment. The fountain will be gurgling in the background and sweet fragrance of flowers will be in the air. The temperature will be perfect and my mind will temper it’s exuberance to take me into outside chores, there will be time a plenty for those.
- eggplant
The color pictures on today's blog were edited with Overcast action and the B & W were edited with the Ilford preset.
We had been told we would get the first girl (E-girl, 4 years old) in about a week. Then suddenly things changed and she needed to be moved immediately. She could go somewhere else until the date they had told us, or we could take her the next day. Wow, things had already been moving faster than anticipated, and now ready or not here she came! Of course we told them to bring her over. Her situation was bleak enough, being barely four years old and living for the past two weeks with people who only spoke English when she only spoke Spanish. We wanted to provide her with some stability as quickly as possible.
Me: Hey, I think I'll write a story, and the plot will go like this! *starts to write*
In Forgotten, Catherine McKenzie puts a modern twist on a classic tale of discovering who we really are when everything that brings meaning to our lives is lost.
Good riddance! Im so glad shes finally gone! Ebony was comepletely gorgeous but good god, she couldnt model to save her life. This was one of the most horrid, cringe inducing commercials I have ever seen. That little jump thing at the end? No one should do that. Ever. EVER.
Yet, like the Bible, God has created the church. He has presumably authorized it to represent him to the world. Yet the God portrayed by the church we can certainly all agree is often a charade – a bad joke of the God we know truly exists. People calling themselves members of his church wave signs that say he “hates fags,” they molest altar boys, sleep with their secretaries and expel the mentally disabled, among many other horrible things.
Grade: 90
The coach is a Bova Magiq and is or was an amazing piece of machinery.
Chandler, Raymond. The Long Goodbye. 1953. In The Lady in the Lake, The Little Sister, The Long Goodbye. New York: Everyman, 2002.
- Animal Handling (specialties like Camel, Equines, Oxen and Cattle)*
How could you not like this? I've heard some concerns that Sierra Nevada will steamroller smaller craft brewers in the area, even in the wider mid-Atlantic. No, I don't think so, not any more than Sam Adams or Yuengling* have, though there was some of that at the very beginning. Sierra Nevada has clearly learned that if they want to keep growing -- and doing good! --
02 The End Is Not In Sight *
Another advantage of being in the bee, each block will come with maker's personality...and from many different projects.
to work.
While participating in the various meditations and spiritual exercises, I found that I was able to experience a deep sense of inner peace that I had never experienced before, and that I felt that my energy field felt lighter. The combination of the visuals, colours and beautiful music on the DVD helped me reach meditative states more quickly with each successive meditation exercise.
PS: There is a great little restaurant and ice-cream parlor as well.
So! Anyway! This is something I've been working on for a long time, and I'm much better about it than I used to be. But sometimes, especially if I'm nervous, it's easy to slip back into that old habit of perpetual apology.
Michelle K and Mary Pat
She has given Opposition leaders an opportunity to ride on the Bersih movement.
In some ways I had/have this problem a lot with poetry too. I quite like early drafts, rough edges, unfinished business and I'm not sure it helps with how my (writing) work is... received at times. I'm pretty sure that when I've sent poems to magazines and competitions in the past often the response from the readers/editors/committees must have been “why hasn't this person finished their work?” or “what are we supposed to do with this?” Other reactions may have been “did this person go to school?” or “what were they thinking?” It's a bit frustrating because obviously I did go to school and usually I've put quite a lot of thought into what may seem an unfinished piece. It feels to me like somehow I'm not really a big fan of perfection (at least when it comes to arts like these... obviously if I'm getting into any form of transport I'd quite like the designer and manufacturer to have quite high standards when it comes to perfection...). I don't necessarily want to produce something (in a poem or a picture) that has been tweaked and retweaked to within an inch of its life... but I am aware this is not necessarily a popular view. Certainly not amongst poets. I once read another poet talking about "instinctive" writing and I suppose I fall into that camp. Maybe. I'm not really keen on camps either.
FFA members read the books before each performance to give the program a professional touch. Many of the elementary schools had the puppeteers back several times. The young students sent the FFA members thank-you cards and, in turn, the FFA members gave them a tour of their greenhouse and animal room.
My favorite parts:
Make your filling by whisking together the sugar, eggs, and salt. Add the flour and vanilla and combine. When your brown butter has cooled a bit, whisk it in to the mixture. Pour over your cherries.
And after searching through some pen sources came up empty... I found them on some warehousing and random stores.. And I found some more this morning at a reasonable price.
The UK One Direction also comprises of five members: singers Niall Horan, Zayn Malik, Liam Payne, Harry Styles and Louis Tomlinson. The band was formed after the singers entered as solo artists on the UK X-Factor 2010 and were put together as a group. They finished third in the competition, behind Matt Cardle and Rebecca Ferguson. To date, they were part of the X-Factor tour and in recent weeks they have given performances in New York and Sydney. Their debut single 'What Makes You Beautiful' topped the charts in the UK and Ireland (No 4 in the US) and their debut album Up All Night topped the charts in the US, Australia and Canada (No 2 in the UK).
*Secretly, I hope it's a redhead.
A weary mile away is brick
Closely Observed Trains - Jiri Menzel
The “16” got cut out with my Slice machine and then I coated it with Diamond Glaze and sprinkled my fave DecoArt Glamour Dust on top for a fun look..instead of sinking it suspends in the liquid. This lil cutie got colored with Copics and then I added Diamond Glaze to her eyes, earrings and skirt and threw in some Stickles for more sparkle. The stamps I stamped around the image are from PTI as well…just a fun element to add on.
I'm thinking about doing some straight line embossing using my Simply Scored tool instead of the doodle lines. If I get around to it I'll post so you can see the difference. I think the doodles are easier but I'm always dissatisfied with my doodling and the scored lines would be more "perfect".
Death is all about us in every form manifesting the wages of sin. That should be simply believable. The only way for man to save himself from eternal damnation is to die for his sin. “The wages of sin is death.” (Romans 6:23) But then no one would ever be saved unless God stepped in, and that He did. He sent His only begotten Son into the world, taking upon Himself our sinful flesh and died in our behalf. “God commendeth His love toward us in that while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us” (Romans 5:8).
Yuengling Brewery Yuengling Traditional Lager
i stew over the 1,573 miles that separate us.
The White Cuckoo was written in just the way every novel should be written. To anyone reading this who is facing writers' block or who can't make progress with their novel, for goodness sake don't worry about anything. Write cliches, adverbs and do everything wrong. Don't stress at this stage. Just get it down and enjoy the writing. It took me a month to write the first draft. All that is wrong can be easily mended afterwards.
More than 900 journalists had, in a two-part petition signed between May 1999 and 2001, urged the repeal of the licensing provision of the PPPA for a start.
I find music really inspirational and when The Who and ‘My Generation’ started I found my pace quickening. I slowed a little for KT Tunstall’s ‘I Don’t Want You Now’ but then along came Elton. ‘Saturday Night’s for Fighting’ is one of my favourite running songs and as I looked at my Garmin I realised that if I kept up the pace I was running at I’d better my pace for my last 10k, the one I’d just done on a track! I was stoked that even in the wind and going up and down hill I could actually go faster than I had just going round and round. I went for it, finishing my last mile with a negative split and a smile. My fastest pace was 6:53.
I know this feeling
When God began to create the heavens and the earth— the earth was without shape or form, it was dark over the deep sea, and God’s wind swept over the waters—(Gen 1:1-2, CEB)
Sometimes they’re a hard lesson learned. A slap on the wrist, a devastating mistake, a road we wished we hadn’t taken. We hopefully learn the lesson with such a steep price. If you’re mindful and keep your wits about you, you may only need to look at others’ regretful choices and their consequences to learn the lesson for yourself. The vast majority of people though, feel the need to earn that scar themselves before heeding the wisdom of the situation.
People are so curious about that when it comes to writers, aren't they? Like we know the secrets of the universe and can share those secrets with anyone who asks. I'm sorry to say there isn't a magic key.
Lester Chambers is no exception to that, I’m sure, although I still don’t know all the details behind exactly what prompted him to post the “viral” photo other than he’s frustrated and he just simply wants to be paid what he’s owed (that much has been confirmed to me), and what little details I do know about it are a bit fuzzy to me. What I have heard just sounds, bottom line, like Lester’s getting screwed over in a variety of ways. You almost have to find an absolute saint at times to serve as your attorney to keep that from happening, and it’s especially been true when it comes to artists like Lester who’ve “been around the block a few times.”
We need to do the same with:
Things got heavy in the middle of the hill, taking down the Destroyer with my Man-o-War unit and my own jack, the Marksman doing nothing but some pop shots at Sorscha. After that, with her Jug on range of the fight, I simply sent my Destroyer to kill her which he did in one swift stroke aided by the Butcher’s spell but still not popping the feat. She’s squishy like that.
The single spawned a host of imitators who essentially copied Stardust’s formula of house groove+disco sample+vocals(live or sampled). Phats & Small had a hit with “Turn Around” as did Armand Van Helden feat. Duane Harden with “U Don’t Know Me”. NOTHING, however, has ever come close to the magic of the original. Countless bootlegs have surfaced, my favourite being the mash-up with Madonna’s “Holiday” by the Stuntmasters (played out many times by Bangalter himself), but the original, I’ve discovered, can work on so many levels with just about any kind of crowd that there really isn’t a reason not to play it to this day.
Nominated, Britist Independent Film Awards 2001 – Best Foriegn Language Film
Dominique Francon is the heroine of The Fountainhead, described by Rand as “the woman for a man like Howard Roark.” Dominique is the daughter of Guy Francon, a highly successful but creatively inhibited architect. She is a thorn in the flesh of her father and causes him much distress for her works criticizing the architectural profession’s mediocrity. Peter Keating is employed by her father, and her intelligence, insight and observations are above his. It is only through Roark that her love of adversity and autonomy meets a worthy equal. These strengths are also what she initially lets stifle her growth and make her life miserable. She begins thinking that the world did not deserve her sincerity and intellect, because the people around her did not measure up to her standards. She starts out punishing the world and herself for all the things about man which she despises, through self-defeating behavior. She initially believes that greatness, such as Roark’s, is doomed to fail and will be destroyed by the ‘collectivist’ masses around them. She eventually joins Roark romantically, but before she can do this, she must learn to join him in his perspective and purpose. (source: wikipedia)
Chinese-style beads
The list is still an important part though because it tells you what you should work on first. The next step is to see what you can do to modify the behaviour.
I've been researching a new MMO that looks awesome, Secret World. If you are so inclined, Google it and watch the videos. I've been looking for a modern day setting world I could get into and this one seems to fit the bill perfectly. Now I have to get a new video card or computer. Two blue screens in one week...not good.
Although you make things tough at times, your my special little boy who means so much to me! I am so proud of you. And I cannot wait to see what else you have in store for us!
Also keep in mind that you may meet in a different manner. Consider a conference call, use Skype, or even Google’s +You Hangouts site. These options may suit your team better than Elluminate. It’s up to you.
P.S. Tomorrow is the National Day of Prayer in America. I strongly encourage you all to set time aside (which, let’s face it, we ought ot be doing anyway right?) to honor that day, being thankful that we have it, and be praying for whatever God lays on your heart. Whether it’s this nation, the persecuted Church, lost loved ones, the hungry in Third World countries, health issues, or strength for the days to come. But remember not to treat God like Santa Claus. This isn’t about praying for just what we want. It’s about praying for God’s will to be accomplished on earth, and we need to do so with thankfulness and humility. That is all.
Forex day trading is, as the term suggests, holding trades in the currency market on an intra-day basis, whether by scalping or taking intra-day swing trades. Trade setups are usually based on the smaller timeframes (1min-1hr charts), and typically, will only be in a trade for a few minutes or hours, with the intention of being flat (all trades closed) by the end of the day. Day trading is preferred by individuals who like to be actively entering and exiting trades
The Miette philosophy is a unique one. All of the cakes and even cookies are done in a smaller scale than traditional size cakes (8 or 9 inch rounds). All of the cakes are made with a smaller 6 inch round or contour pan. Though adorable, I think that people unused to baking on this scale will find it a little impractical. First, you'll have to get said 6 inch pans before making any of the cakes in the books, which I was not expecting. The cake recipes also make 2 6 inch rounds which means you’ll have to either make two fully decorated cakes or save the extra foundation cake for another time. For some this might be great but, for me, I would have preferred the recipe to be for just one full cake as I have little freezer room to spare.
The boxes feature a heavy-duty, triple-wall, double-wall construction to ensure durability, while the reinforced plastic handles make lifting and carrying easier. Featuring FastFold quick and easy assembly, the boxes can be put together in a snap. The FastFold one-step process gives you an estimated assembly time four times faster than a standard box. The boxes can also be broken down and stored flat so you can save space when they are not in use.
Business has already learned that there is simply too much information for one organization to hold it all. As Bill Joy has said, "the smartest people are always going to work for someone else." The MIT Media Lab has an interesting chart to show the relationship between information and organizations.The point of these ideas is to encourage businesses to build networks that will be better able to manage information and generate new ideas. But the power of networks and permeable organizations applies not just to generating new ideas. In the case of nonprofits and foundations, generating ideas with the public, communicating ideas and theories and strategies with the public, and civilly debating with the public - especially the public that disagrees with you - is going to be a critical attribute in the future. See this article (pp 14- 15) from Darin McKeever of Gates Foundation on "embracing the scrutiny of the crowds."
Gently toss tacky-dried lemon peel in extra fine granulated sugar. Store in an air tight container in a cool dry place - do not refrigerate.
“I already know who it is.”
And all i had wanted was a lousy glass of ice cold sugarcane juice…
1/2 tsp cinnamon extract
"The sports of their forefathers
A felony! I don't think I've ever managed to commit anything worse than a misdemeanor! I'll have to remember that if my husband bribes me for my vote, I'm committing a felony.
Finally after searching and searching Pinterest (good golly how I love that site)
I didn’t know until quite some time after meeting and playing in games with Paul that he had written D&D articles for Dragon. Since Paul only really seemed to like Traveller and other science fiction games at the time, I’m guessing that his heaviest D&D period had been in college. He was writing about stuff he didn’t seem to play anymore (though I think he wrote some Traveller items as well) unless he was doing it away from the shop. The interesting thing was he never talked about those articles. He had zero ego about it. Owner Gary had pointed them out to me. I thought it was pretty cool.
* Color Box Chalk: Lipstick Red & Olive Pastel (to outline the image shape and the patterned paper)
Now Pat and I are on the hunt for new furniture and it costs a bit more. It’s the price for trying to leave Ikea behind and buy grownup couches and shelves and the other stuff that the hip people in magazines have and you want.
Even academics did not feel that Ms Avins’ novel approach to a fox-skin vest altered the ethical certainty of fur.
Kidd offers a wonderful (and only occasionally direct) argument against eBooks. I sometimes jokingly refer to my own technological regressions as Luddite, but in actuality my impulses are positive. I don’t want to reject technology like eBooks because they are higher-tech than paper books; I prefer paper books because there is a fuller experience with a paper book. It’s not just the particular words on a page. Books are not simply data to be transmitted to our brains.
GM: Roll Energy Signatures.
Then I did just what the Tandy guy said.. I used Loctite Epoxy gel.
And now I'm the sad and lonely one, lonely, lonely
Think about the people you know that seem to know everyone in your community or your industry. The people that draw you in and have that way of making you take note of the things they are saying. The folks who get things done no matter how impossible the task may seem.
Israeli settlement activity is a major barrier to our pursuit of a lasting peace agreement in the Middle East. Settlements are not only illegal under international law and in direct contravention of Israel’s Roadmap commitments, but more practically they represent an attempt to create ‘facts on the ground’ which make a two-state solution harder to achieve."
Ha, the tile of my post is only partly true. My last post on here was on April 5th, almost a month ago. Time has flew by and a lot has happened in these last few weeks. Some great things happened, and not so great things...
door a few inches, and let the cheesecake cool for 20 minutes.
"Good Bones" by Hilary Davidson
Outward travel was as follows:-
Film Release Date: March 18, 2011
There is now a Fuhrer, “Mein Kampf” quality to this writing, potentially riling up one group against another.)“But self-aware and self-loving blacks are not necessarily racist. In fact, blacks are not racist.” This statement would have been lovely (though far from original) if it had read: “self-aware and self-loving people… are not racist”. By stating the irresponsible, generalising untruth, “blacks are not racist” our scholar dichotomises and plays “race” against “race”.“If they wanted to make an issue of racism, blacks who are accused of racism would demand an apology” (and yet many groups such as the ANCYL and senior leaders such as Chuene and Winnie Mandela demanded an apology from the IAFF for being racist towards Semenya on the gender issue and they were proven so, so wrong. Chuene was lying all the time, using racism to try and cover his sorry arse. Note, Mr Memela, how I use a specific example, unlike you).
with classifieds and obituaries.
Even before she arrived at the next venue, in Ontario, Coulter received a warning from the University of Ottawa provost, warning her: “Promoting hatred against any identifiable group would not only be considered inappropriate, but could in fact lead to criminal charges.” Ottawa’s police and university security advised of physical danger to the tall and politically provocative blonde. Ezra Levant, who along with Mark Steyn knows a thing or two about Canada’s whitey-only speech clamps, then advised Coulter to cancel her appearance. Which she did, but the riot erupted nonetheless, ubiquitous keffieh, screaming and all.
Here are the Top 5 things I did:
Last week I was graciously blessed by some homemade veggies by my wonderful friend, Cat of 30+ means growing up or does it? She has a little backyard garden and she gave me a zucchini, some tomatoes, an eggplant and some squash. Of course I had to make some zucchini bread and I thought I would share with you all here the recipe I used with some photos. Let me preface this recipe with I love citrus zest in any dish, seriously my zester that I got from my wedding registry is my best friend in the kitchen. Ok on to the recipe :-)
HIS FORGIVENESS!!!,….
The fire of anger
Then I got to thinkin’…achin’. I was thinkin’ I was ready, I was. Let me be her Rudolph Valentino! The Sheik! Al Jolson, The Jazz Singer. Bella Donna! Me, the Beloved Rogue! Cha-cha! The Tango! Olay! Let me be God’s gift to women. But with a Mexican, a gotdamn spick! Then dang! What the hell! Touchdown! Compared notes. How we scored. Struggled with eyes and hooks. A missin’ button that could’ve gotten us in a trouble, in big time trouble.
The look must be given some forgiveness because it came out in 1958, but it didn’t really work for me either. The fly was basically just a real fly with nail polish on its head, the human fly looked a little like a fly, but was more cute than scary, and the science-y stuff was what you would expect out of a 50’s movie. Their policy was mainly just to get as many flashing lights and multicolored neon tubes, and play some Theremin noises. I don’t know how a reel to reel player would help a teleportation machine, but they had their idea for how it would happen, I guess. But the looks of the two flies got on my nerves, not for the production of them, but for the idea of them. In the remake of the movie, they were combined on a cellular level by the machine. This seems somehow logical. In the original, the fly and the scientist exchange heads and one arm. This would be fine if the movie ended right at this point because the fly with the giant head and arm and the human with a tiny and nearly invisible head and arm would both die immediately, solving the problem. Instead of going that way, the machine decided that the basic shape and design of the head was the important part to duplicate, not so much the size. And with their brains being exchanged as well, it probably wouldn’t have fit in the head of the fly. I never really got behind the idea of the fly’s instincts taking over Andre either, mainly because it only seemed to manifest itself as the fly fucking with the rest of him, like grabbing his arm when he was trying to type. I half expected it to take his arm and start doing the whole “Quit hitting yourself” thing to him.
The next time I looked up, I didn't see her so I looked over my shoulder to see if she was at the litter boxes. Nope. Hmmm... okay. Shrugging, I figured she'd left the room so I turned my attention to putting laundry into the washer. That's when I discovered THIS:
MM: Miles Davis once said that you could tell a Herb Alpert lead within three notes. Herb probably took that as a compliment.
This loft was a great project with a lot of interesting challenges. This townhouse had a 2 story vaulted ceiling above the living room, dining room and kitchen and was designed in such a way that a loft would fit nicely above the dining room dividing wall. By installing the loft with a lot of natural cherry trim it really warmed up the space, gave the dining room a much better sense of scale and sophistication and added ~150 square feet to a modest size townhouse.
Yesterday was Mr J’s birthday party, a BBQ on the river. I am so impressed with Melbourne for turning on the sunshine, it made my pear cider taste that little bit more delicious!
Ryan plan which would destroy the
We believe in one holy catholic and apostolic Church.
Friday was the last day of school and boy was it an emotional day fro me.. I never thought that I could love a job so much in my life! The kids all gave me my lst hugs of the school year as the skipped and leaped away to their fun little summer they are going to have...
for God’s sake we should stay apart-—my great sin
Motherhood before was some sort of journey that every woman had to go through. Some dreamed that they want to be a mother someday, have their own family, and bring up their kids by themselves. Now some women look at motherhood differently. Some just want to have kids without the added security of marriage. Some prefer to adopt because they dislike childbirth, and perhaps , some are at a loss, not knowing where their life will be heading, thinking that motherhood was not really meant for them.
Somehow that promise and brotherly love turns into real love as Michael and Annie exchange letters. When Annie’s letters suddenly stop in the throes of World War I, Michael is determined to Find and bring back the woman he loves, but will everything work out or will will war tear them apart forever?
Implicit Attitudes
A basic miso soup is very easy and perfect for cold weather like we are having today. You need a cup of boiling water, some miso paste and about 5 minutes to spare. You can do it the proper way, but that takes a very long time, and it’s not really worth it if you are cooking for one or two people.
At the age of 18, I wanted to find my birth family. Not because I wanted my birth mother to be a mother to me or to replace my adoptive parents, but because I wanted, NEEDED answers. I involved my Mum and Dad from the start. Dad did not want much involvement as he was afraid I would get hurt, maybe from rejection again. Even before I saw an adoption counsellor I had gone through every possible scenario in my head. Some of the scenarios I thought of were:
At the end of the tanda, he tells me, "You know, you have such a wonderful embrace. I always enjoy our dances together."
Next week - you can look forward to some GREAT DEALS on gift baskets and Holiday Items!! There is still plenty of time to get Holiday orders in!
An Angel Named Swift
“What a sly fellow you are!” I exclaim. “Don’t try it in the Congo, though. Pretty boys who pretend to be gay over here end up in the tent of a tribal chief.”
The battle over the estate’s ownership has allowed Mr. Aquino’s critics to portray the popular President’s family as a greedy political dynasty.
When you decide to work for yourself you are in charge of everything, and something’s will fall to the waist side in the process. I’ve learned that structuring my days has been key to my success. When days and weeks are planned thoroughly I feel less like a failure and more like… well… a hustler, so to speak.
Looking to get rid of some clothes or housewares? In the mood for a wardrobe or home makeover on a budget?
After all, what could be more exciting than having your very own daredevil flying down the stairs?
It’s the dubious distinction of thirty-year-old Willa Jackson to hail from a fine old Southern family of means that met with financial ruin generations ago. The Blue Ridge Madam—built by Willa’s great-great-grandfather during Walls of Water’s heyday, and once the town’s grandest home—has stood for years as a lonely monument to misfortune and scandal. And Willa herself has long strived to build a life beyond the brooding Jackson family shadow. No easy task in a town shaped by years of tradition and the well-marked boundaries of the haves and have-nots.
Here is a few tips for you to write lyrics. Hopefully it will stop you writing a big lump of Simon Cowell dustbin pop with a kickdrum over the top.
Anything making you queasy or sick: Everything. Even things that are not food. The thought of glass cups the other day almost made me lose it. I can only drink out of hard plastic cups.
It was originally planned to have opened in August, but the dedication ceremony was delayed when Hurricane Irene hit Washington.
Oxfam Christmas Poetry Reading hosted by Todd Swift.
Needless to say, I'm kind of over it. When I was talking to my mom about it tonight, I just had to break into a slap-happy giggle because seriously?! SERIOUSLY. It's out of control. And also the product of living in an older home.
On the basement floor intricate coils and lines of red plastic piping have been laid over sheets of expanded polystyrene which in turn look like giant pieces of white lego. Concrete is now being poured on top of this and when finished this will be our floorcovering – a continuous sheet of satin smooth concrete set against stone walls and white ceilings, cool in summer, touchy feely “calentet” in winter.
I used to look forward to going out with my buddies, or stay at work longer than required, even lie about my whereabouts and sneak away to some independent film by myself. Not that the woman nagged, was abusive, or liked to argue. That was just it, she didn’t do much of anything. Even sex was like watching a muted porno on a channel that barely comes through. She was just along for the ride and unsure of what was actually going on. But when Maggie started talking in her sleep, I didn’t have the heart to break things off with her.
They say you should treat yourself like you'd treat a fancy car. (Not that my Honda is super fancy, but I like to be prepared for the day I win the lottery and get my silver Range Rover.) Fancy cars need consistent attention, tune ups, good oil, car washes, and a faithful mechanic. If you want a car to run at top speed, you've got to be good to its insides. I firmly believe that our minds and bodies are the same way. If I expect my mind to operate at top speed, I've got to be good to my body.
So this is the follow-up from my earlier post on the upgrades/development at the Westway. Here are some CG renderings of what the wall will look like;
I did make the mistake of letting P lead the way so our little toddler nature walk really did turn into more of a hike but the kids big (us) and small (the kids) did great!
until the sky’s an ocean of blue tint
on household
As the rot which had long set made you break,
I've always maintained that if one wants to achieve something without drawing attention to the actual agenda, the most valuable tool to use is the gullibility of the conspiracy theorists. Start a rumour either in the parallel or opposite direction and allow the conspiracy theorists to run with it. They would keep everyone so occupied with it, that you'd be allowed all the time and freedom in the world to push your agenda. I could probably list a thousand examples. Whenever the media, the majority of people and the conspiracy theorists keep harping on a particular subject always look for the underlying hidden truth in the opposite direction. When they steer you away from something, move towards it, because there is something underneath hidden behind it.
This week we have Cynthia L. Simmons. She has written a great book I am sure many of us can relate to and also a workbook. Let’s get write to the point with Cynthia.
10. Old Mother Reagan
Okay, moving on to cleaning what you've got.
And I do want to make some changes in my life. I'm not as happy as I could be with where I am now. But the changes I want to make aren't necessarily the changes others think I should be making. And I'm no longer sure what the right choices are: which ones I want and which ones others want me to want.
The conference is not a debate forum to last for days. Agenda and decisions are taken behind the scenes following the Istanbul Summit. Pakistan gains nothing by boycotting a German-hosted and Afghan-chaired conference attended by representatives of about 90 countries to make pledges on the arrangements of post-2014 Afghanistan. Pakistan would rather isolate itself further with this boycott. Instead they could use the forum to raise their concerns.
Well, about the actual gameplay (of the first 3 games, series went down the drain with 4) there isn't much to say.
(John 21:6)
We went further and met a group of umm… let us call them y-woman. So these Y-women were dressed stylish but some had looks of a mixed variation of man and woman. I managed to capture a few shots but somehow was in a feeling that they are woman :)
As a Model, she appeared in Glamour, Cosmopolitan, and was the first African-American to be on the cover of Seventeen.
really bummed that I forgot my camera and my phone camera doesn't take great quality photos,
If there is one attribute that I look for in people
As always, if you love the look or sound of this recipe, feel free to pin it or share it.
they saw that day as the day Kent survived.
Now if you are somewhere else, in Africa, for eg next year.. then you have to modify the sankalpa to take the place and date into account.
This is classed, officially, as a Fruit Beer, but it barely qualifies as a real beer at all. True, there was a strong presence of yeast throughout, but this beverage was ultimately very one-dimensional and bland. True to the name, the most dominant flavor was that of tart cranberries, with perhaps a hint of plum, but overall smothered in yeast. It was a lot like I imagine it would be to drink a loaf of cranberry bread - lots of yeast, lots of cranberry.The mouthfeel was crisp and sharp, with lots of bubbles - again, very like a champagne. The aroma was almost an exact match for the taste - very, very powerful scent of yeast and tart berries. I won't say that this wasn't an enjoyable beer - I had no trouble drinking the entire bottle. It would be a nice beverage to serve at the end of a large meal, as a kind of liquid dessert. But as a stand-alone beer, it lacked severely. No real complexity of which to speak, and any more than one-to-two bottles would undoubtedly lead to a sugar-induced headache. Most people, I think, would find this beer too tart. The clash of the yeast and tart berries can be a bit much, admittedly. The finish is very dry, leaving the lingering taste of the sour cranberry. I give this a 5 out of 10.
Of course, the point here isn’t that we’re without explanatory stories until we choose one. Desires don’t work that way. We all have a base story. We have to live each day, we have to make decisions about what to eat, where to work, where to live, whether or not to marry, whether or not to have children, who to associate with, what to spend our money on, and so forth. Something informs the way we make each of those decisions. The question is “what?” And this is key: The failure to consciously decide what that formative story in our lives will be does not mean we have no story. It simply means that the story I live in will be whatever story is given to me by my family, friends, community and culture.
By the time Henry is 43 and Clare is 35, he has had a glimpse of what the future has in store, and he begins worrying about leaving Clare alone. The couple also have a daughter, and he's concerned that he won't be there to take care of them. In an effort to prepare Clare for her future, he gives her cooking lessons. After Clare prepares her first meal, and realizes that she can now cook, she stares across the table at Henry and thinks, 'Don't leave me.'
I told you Kanjani8 took their music seriously. I couldn’t forgive Watanabe for even one of her mistakes myself – I was not happy with her. How did the queen of anime songs do? Could she beat Watanabe, after all these years (27 years since she sang the song)?
4. You set high standards for yourself, and lead by example.
Sucker Sticks
With De Regulation Businesses can grow and create jobs!
NEXT WEEK.
It was amazing.
Unless the information revolution remains/becomes UNIVERSALLY available we are doomed . Make no mistake , even if we here in the US manage to overcome the corporate rent-seekers and their toadies on Capitol Hill and preserve our internet freedoms it will be a pyrrhic victory rendering all our efforts for naught unless the rest of the world is digitally connected to us . Individually we will be stomped in succesion by the forces of World Government .
"I HATE craft time!"
I see hope in your suffering (I see love)
Nook and Kindle offers similar advantages yet the core differences are significant. What are the differences and which one is the better eBook reader? The comparison of Nook and Kindle in detail is necessary to decide your choice.
VERDICT: Seriously? Bacon and potatoes? Delicious, of course. It was very satisfying, and the fourth serving was easily reheated the next day. It was just as good. I think there are plenty of variations that would be great with this recipe. Chopped bell pepper would add some pretty color. Mushrooms would be nice. Sausage could work, too. However, it's the simplicity of the ingredients that worked well. The chives are perfect in this recipe. A printable recipe is at the end of this post.
3) Brenda gave me some dark sweatpants that someone in the deli volunteered after hearing my story and lent me her Mickey Mouse jean jacket.
"Maybe I'll bump into you sometime!" he would mostly likely say back.
Some herbs may allow the wound to heal much faster. Only a seasoned woodsman, botanist or physician knows what herbs these are or where to find them.
Anyways, long story short, I was a little concerned because I was feeling a bit more uncomfortable than usual. So I gave my doctor a call, as should you if you are starting on any exercise program. My lovely doctor said that while it’s great I’m working hard, I should probably take it down a notch. So the downside is I won’t meet the big goal this year, but the brightside is that I gave her a call sooner rather than later and avoided any kind of serious injury.
Prepare cookie mix and spread into the bottom of a greased 9x13 pan.
We are going away this weekend and I just discovered that we won't have wifi so am posting this in advance, but guess I won't be able to catch up all of your lovely blogs until I get back. Anyway this is the one of the desserts I am taking. I chose this one because I could make it last weekend and keep it in the freezer which is perfect and because I had to blog in advance I had to have small taste test of course.
However, The Star quoted criminologist Dr Jackie de Wet, from the University of Fort Hare, as saying that the chances of someone like Kotzé being rehabilitated and becoming a good and virtuous person - if he did indeed commit the crimes he is charged with - are "very, very slim, almost minuscule".
Video-Analytics Tool Scans Content, IDs Logos: Recent data from digital business metrics specialist comScore ind… bit.ly/Iwj7H2
And she'll have fun, fun, fun
Weeding
At the end of our visit, Cesaria let us take photos (after telling Peter to zip up first), and then she invited us back.
-WR Jason Avant made an incredible one-handed catch of a Kafka pass on a busted play. Avant had to dive backwards to catch the 5 yard ball that was roped. Avant is absolutely in the Top 5 for sure-handed WR’s in the NFL, try to argue with me on that, I dare you.
Don’t stress out, don’t think to hard, sometimes the simplest easiest things are the best gifts. Now get out there, get your shopping done before the mad rush on December 24th, don’t leave things till the last minute this year!
The first thing I do during the work week after I get up in the morning is check my email and then visit Polymer Clay Daily to see who/what Miss Cynthia is featuring for the day. I got a nice little jolt this morning when I read my own name at the top of today's post! As a result, I am feeling a little lofty, so if you need me today, hang a right at Cloud 9. I may be here awhile. Thank you so much, Cynthia, for taking the time to read my blog and peruse my flickr photostream. It is an honor and a thrill to see myself on the pages of PCD!
It is great how she is so excited to wear a dress I have made her. Sometimes she comes to me with a shirt or scarf and says, "Mommy, I made this for you!" It won't be long before we'll have a little sweatshop going!
2)Both you and your brother should be wearing the clothes you slept in. My sole nod to vanity was to put on some deodorant. Bro skipped even that step. All we could smell was turkey anyhow.
Working long hrs days in days out. I have been doing lots of cleaning and more cleaning and it's never ending. Needless to say,I was without a computer for many weeks,now my stamp room is back to somewhat normal,it's been renovated.
Unfortunately, the reception staff - though perfectly friendly - struggled in the task. Had I seen the display in the corridor near the toilets, they asked, hopefully.
Before they
Failure to accept this offer to clarify and to do so completely and in good faith within 7 days will be deemed by all parties to mean you and your principal or other parties abandon all demands upon me.
where an orgy in full spate
*thank you, mommy for my note.
I originally found this recipe from Giada here, but we ended up changing it around a bit. Half of it we used prosciutto, and half we didn't (Due to Cyndie being vegetarian). They are pretty time consuming to make, but worth it in the end!
Personally, I read Freud's little book long ago (you can see that I bought it in London for three shillings and six pence), with amusement, and it was my first and last attempt to tackle anything written by the distinguished doctor, who has never been one of my intellectual heroes.
In our view, this is a very positive development that prevents further recourse to administrative courts; however, APIFARMA (the body that represent several pharmaceutical companies) has already claimed that this solution violates the Portuguese Constitution, since it violates the property right of the patent owners, a solution that we strongly oppose.We have no information regarding any new litigation procedure initiated after the entry into force of the law, but we would not be surprised if this argument is to be used by originators. If that is the case, all depends on the court interpretation of the conformity of the law with the Portuguese Constitution, but we do consider that no constitutional problems arise from this solution.
You can drive most of the way to Clarkdale or Cottonwood with a car in neutral; many people in Jerome have done it when they’re short on gas. It’s straight downhill, with a few curves to negotiate. In the late 70s, traffic hadn’t yet built up to the long ribbons of cars, trucks, and motorcycles winding up and down. People on bikes could get going pretty fast.
I used embossing powder on the nail polish bottles and the lipstick to make them shiny and allow them to stand out a little more.
Meal Planning Kit
Exactly. We had initially decided to start UNDEAD CREEP as a HAEMOPHAGUS side-project, and the idea was to record only one demo just for fun. We were real high on Ekeroth's 'Swedish Death Metal'! But after all the good feedback we got for the demo we wanted to go on like a real band and write a proper full-length album.
My favourite look by far from all the images is the Arabic girl look. I absolutely love Arabic make-up in general so the minute I saw this image I was so excited about it. The fact that it incorporates purples (I have a soft spot for purple) is also a huge plus for me. So, unfortunately my features couldn't be further from looking in any way Arabic so perhaps this look would better suit someone slightly more exotic looking than me but I had to give it a go anyway. As usual I changed the look around a bit to suit myself - I generally just tried to transform the look from the image into a slightly more wearable version.
12...so long ago. I can't believe my oldest is 12 and that I was having my first baby 12 years ago yesterday. Wow.
The detainees received no fruit or vegetables; not even milk for the babies.
1 x SP0040 Sweet Pyjamas = RM22.00
Reginald purred. “It may yet come to that my dear boy,” he started to lick the sides of his body where blood had pooled and begun to dry. “When She sees the state we are in,” he paused,” don’t think you fooled me, young man, I know you’ve cut your paw,” he sniffed, “it would not at all surprise me if we don’t both end up dead.”
It’s something we all do today, but we tend to think of publishing in the traditional sense of newspapers and books. So with that in mind, lets explore the world of online/offline publishing from the social perspective we’re engaging in today.
I couldn't believe it but it matched one sheet from my new DP pad perfectly!!!
The Starlings at my window..chant their lullaby of creation
Ow. That's basically all I have to say. My wrist pain is not good. Waiting for a call back from the doctors. There has to be something they can give me to help until my surgery.
We soon espied a yellow spotted ray as well as parrot fish and angel fish. Whilst Nanny and Grampy stayed in the boat, we swam far and wide investigating the depths below. Ok, it was not as good as Koh Tao, but the water was clearer and it was good to be in the water again, face down, scanning the life below us.
Today, a short excerpt from ‘The Mount Whitney Journals’. I’m recovering from minor surgery and it’s driving me a bit crazy to be a semi-invalid. My highlight for today will be a 4-block walk to the park with a cup of coffee and my laptop. By next week, I should be ready for a short jaunt on Mt. Tam and some longer blog entries.
Bake 8 - 10 minutes until edges are golden. Do not overbake.
It is also a fallacy to decide that a teacher absolutely must cover everything laid out in the proposed curricular terrain. The millennial mind finds it tedious to bear the pedagogical burden of an over-regulated syllabus. Up-front, we should be wary of the oversold or pre-packaged promise of a course because, by the end of the term, what we really want to generate is the realization that.
I recently taught the other teachers I work with about RTI; the basics, what it can look like at our school, and gave some sample interventions. This was a very nerve-wracking thing for me to do and I am glad that it is over!! With that said though, I think it went really well and a lot of the teachers seemed to jump on board and get a good basic understanding of RTI.
Up all night, I have to call in to work again. I start calling CPS in NY. My 7yr old granddaughter has a open CPS case from where she was attacked back in October while living with her father. Her father dropped her off at my daughter's last month and abandoned her. She can't get in contact with him to get the little girls things.
She has bruised her foot all the way to the bone,
I realize it depends on how I connect to your consciousness.
Do you have a spare second? If so...
Tigerfish falls for the allure of tiny vegetables, in this case baby eggplants and showcases them in a gloriously spicy dish of Chilli Eggplants. It starts with a base of curry leaves and dried chillies to which cumin, shallots, garlic and ginger are added - fresh tomato and more chilli, in powder and flake form, round out the dish. Finally, the whole roasted eggplants are added to this spiced sauce to infuse.
I have had this wonderful stamp set for quite some time and never inked it up that I can remember, well there was no better time than present to change that!
But stress is a key spice of human life. Like salt, it is essential to our physiology. Just the right sodium concentration in our circulation supports health. Too much can harm our tissues and organs, including our brains.
Trying to escape the merry jolliness of the holiday, I went to the kitchen to start making dinner. My kids were flipping through the stations on the television and turned to Nickelodeon. I stepped into the room for a second to ask a favor of one of them.
So WoW’s account security got a shot in the arm today, with the forums requiring the authenticator.
11. Rick Bass "The Ninemile Wolves"
Then whatever you’d like to put in eg : 1 onion, 1/2 a pepper, 2 bacon rasher, a pinch of salt and pepper. But literally you can put almost anything in them!!
2010.08.18 India Sopore 1 2 Islamic militants attack a lawmaker's home, killing a guard.
I can’t stand watching a movie and THEN reading the book. Ruins it for me.
I laid them on my sawhorses.
I got the gait analysis first. I ran for 60 seconds on the treadmill while they videotaped my feet. (I was put into a pair of neutral running shoes). Turns out I have a pretty natural gait, with exception to my right foot. I over pronate juuuuust slightly, but my analyst said it’s less than a quarter inch, so neutral shoes it is! He guided me over to the asics and offered two pair. 13′s and 14′s. My internal monologue was screaming “No! I don’t want asics! I don’t like the pair I have now!”. I nodded and hummed and hawed like I was interested then asked “what would you recommend in the New Balance?”. He seemed hesitant to put me in a pair, but recommended the 1080. Well that’s good, because I just bought a pair on Amazon the other day. (I got the style # from Runners World shoe guide).
So, to give him what he wanted we served paththar ka gosht (boneless lamb barbequed on a stone slab) and khorme ka kebab from Hyderabad, kakori kebab (a very tender lamb kebab) from Bhopal, murgh tikka (chicken tikka) from the Punjab, chapli kebab (a beef kebab) from Peshawar, and so on . . . including a fish kebab that was not cooked in the tandoor.
“Oh – the message? What’s the message that the Universe is conspiring to make sure that I notice? It’s an oldie but a goodie: FOLLOW YOUR INTUITION!” It’s not a new idea, not even for me – but these days – it seems that no matter where I turn – I hear it again. It’s like I am living in one of those comedy sequences where the protagonist sees the same message, painted on the side of a bus, as the headline in the morning paper, on the billboard when she’s headed to work and on the special menu at her favorite lunch spot. It’s almost comical really. As if the world decided the gentle nudges it has sent my way have clearly been insufficient and now it must rely on a sledgehammer to get the point across. “And no, the irony of the message itself and the way it is coming through to me is not lost.”
(*mmHg means “millimeters of mercury” and is the means of expressing blood pressure)
JOAN MARIE GALAT: My presentations are a blend of science and storytelling. I tell ancient myths relating to the characters ancient cultures imagined in constellations, planets, and the Moon. The stories are interspersed with scientific facts.
Who? She’s King Arthur’s daughter and the heroine of my new series. Pure fiction, you might think, except there’s a slim possibility Arthur did have a daughter or two lying around, since (male) historians like Nennius are unlikely to have thought a girl deserved writing about. And remember Celtic women did fight alongside their men, the most famous being Queen Boudicca who saw off the Romans.
1470 D-V/25/2003. “On Underestimating the Intelligence and the Subtlety of the Better Authors.” Concluding Statement, Lenoir-Rhyne College Hickory Humanities Forum, Wildacres Conference Center, Little Switzerland, North Carolina
Something Wicked, kicked from this one dunno why
and secrets which they say nestle in their breasts,
The athlete received a heroine's welcome when she arrived back home in South Africa following the backlash.
And because Florida has a law that allows anyone to use deadly force if they believe themselves to be in danger of death or serious injury, the man who shot Trayvon Martin has not been arrested or charged.
We have always felt Ryan was on the Autism Spectrum but could never get a clear cut answer. We had a not so pleasant experience at one place, where we were told, after being in the office for 15 minutes "your son just has a speech delay and I have no idea why your pediatrician referred you here". We knew our son and we knew there was something much deeper then "just a speech delay". We didn't stop there. A year later, we sought a private psychologist. After testing, she said I see what you see but on paper, he isn't qualifying for a diagnosis. We were ok with this as at the time. We didn't need a diagnosis but wanted peace of mind. Ryan was getting all of his therapies paid for through the county funding.
Fleischmann spent several weeks working on his application for the NSLI-Y scholarship with Dr. Melinda Grimsley-Smith, Coordinator of International Scholarships in the Office of Scholar Development.
Either God provides for us in the way that I had imagined
I love chickpeas and am always looking for new ways to use them. Besides hummus (let's admit it, it's everyone's fave) this is the ultimate use of chickpeas. This recipe is from http://www.vegandad.blogspot.com/
A friend of mine burned this for me. It was one of those 'lets see how many songs we can fit onto one cd' mixes that was a hybrid of "At the Drive In" , "Led Zeppelin" and Ok Computer. The tracks were all jumbled up and years later when I finally heard them in order it was like re-visiting a favorite childhood story with a new perspective.
And in the end I am startled by my quick change of heart
We were a mass of hopeless, dazed humanity, attempting, as the Almighty and Nature made us, to keep our final breath until the last possible moment. The roaring of the exhaust steam suddenly stopped, making a great quietness, in spite of many mixed noises of hurrying human effort and anguish. As I recall it, the lights were still on, even then. There seemed to be quite a ruddy glare, but it was a murky light, with distant people and objects vaguely outlined.
I was in a very bad way for weeks afterward. From the exact moment my conscious woke in the morning, before I had chance to open my eyes and take in something good, something light, something whole, anxiety was wielding it's bricks and pounding my brain, my heart. The overwhelming terror is impossible to explain, and yet in the midst of it, I try over and over to tell Mr. Curry. It feels like... someone is standing over me with a bloody knife and they have just stabbed you and now they are going to stab me. It feels like... all our children are dying of cancer. It feels like... we were just told nuclear war is happening and we are all going to die. It feels like... I'm in a car going over a cliff but it's happening in slow motion and no one can save me... I use brutal words. He listens to me patiently, silently, with his body turned toward me. Absorbing what he can for me.
This poem fascinates me in regard to the human condition. I have relatives who I can picture acting like this poet’s father spending every dime they have on some scheme they have in mind that fails miserably every time. The relative who spends every dime they have as soon as they receive it. The relative who claims they’ll fix a bunch of this, that, and the other only never does. For me, this poem describes my own quirky family members only they are all rolled into one fascinating character: the poet’s father. I think all of us can relate to such a person being in our lives and I love reading and re-reading this poem.
1/2 lemon, juiced
Salt – according to taste
The Right allowed themselves to appear beset by irrational prejudice, whereas, in fact, the law itself was drafted on that very basis. The iniquity of the US hate crimes laws are that they exclude selected groups, based on race, gender and (now) sexual orientation, the Right should be challenging the left to defend their anti white racism and bigotry, rather that providing them with diversion to hide behind, not to mention an open goal through which they could and did call us bigots.
And yet. Those same Anti-Whites will also look you straight in the eye. And tell you that the White race is just a social construct that does not actually exist.
For all the beasts of the forest are mine, *
The next morning, I noticed that my "treatment" didn't seem to work very well because my skin was still way too dry, so I washed my face with it again.
First.. a long wet drive to Kent for the Fabulous Decorative Living Fair at Eridge Park Needless to say we were a little apprehensive about the weather. Setting up was a struggle in the wind and the rain.......
6 tablespoons soy sauce
stretchable and extremely comfortable
Well, I just thought I'd show you all what else I have been doing with my spare time. I love beads and crystals and rocks and rings and just about everything you can think of to put in jewelry. Except lobster claw clasps.
Innocent little kids.
It is with great honor and joy that I introduce to you the newest named addition to our flock: “Judy Blume”.
Thursday: 6 miles easy at 9:00 pace
"A sense of menace grew on me all morning. A shadow of approaching doom. That was the first warning…"
36. “If you run you stand a chance of losing, but if you don’t run you’ve already lost.” –Barack Obama
Did you need a faster browser, for surfing faster at the Internet? This is the right post. Keep reading! I have a very good suggestion to everyone that I am sure that will help you very much. Not only for faster surfing at Interet, but it will help you with security informations and for you businesses.
Total weight gain/loss: - 4 lbs
I've never gotten my registration with BA to work, and with what I can see with "public" access, the Camden Yards location isn't shown as part of Baltimore's beer guide.
In non-wallet related news, we've discovered Cam Wow, and omg The Geej and I laughed ourselves to tears playing around with it yesterday.
I don't have many problems with this book, I didn't love but it was not a waste of my time. In fact, I think it's one of the most interesting books I've read this year. And it touches a subject close to my heart. But first a few quibbles. Jessie has a girlfriend, they are in love. Jessie is fifteen. I thought this would be one of those 'first-love but move on' type stories but it's not which I felt was unrealistic. But then again, it was the 1960s, maybe people fell in love and stayed together at an earlier age. *shrugs* I also did not like the ending because I felt like it made the whole story pointless. I can't explain it without going into spoilers but while it wasn't completely depressing, I did feel like the ending made the whole premise unnecessary. Furthermore, I really really liked the focus on hockey but I was curious as to how Jessie was doing academically. Were his classmates just as racist? His teachers? There are a few dorm incidents but it was never clear to me if Jessie's teachers and classmates were all narrow-minded.
Yesterday we went on a field trip with our Unschoolers group. When we got back, the kids were antsy from being good for a prolonged period of time, so I turned them loose outside. It was only 50 degrees, but it was warm enough. They played in the front circle drive and literally (I kid not) climbed up and sat on top of the shed roof for like 2 hours.
Confronting Ikeda at an SGI meeting, the rogue Fulford Clone attempted to terminate the tycoon with a handful of plastic umbrellas used in cocktails from bars. The clone was screaming phrases such as “Time to storm the Bastille!” and “Give the people back that money!” and what sounded like “Viva les Clones!”
4) Must have permit
"That's it!" I suddenly saw him standing behind the counter of that café with a friendly smile on his face. I recognized this image as a memory of mine. "I used to come in there all the time!"
Wood Flower by Kaiser crafts: B34, V06. Since this wasn't made of bits of ground-up wood like the tag it absorbed the color different. The marker dyes flowed more with the grain of the wood, while the other piece stayed fairly crisp and clean.
We were in the car and his body language told me if we’d been on solid ground he’d probably have started to run in mad man fashion, just to shake off even the idea.
Paul did not have fear for he could well quote Psalm 118:6. “The Lord is on my side; I will not fear; what can man do unto me.” Do you share that kind faith? You can only be claiming Jesus Christ as your personal Saviour.
L- Jake Westbrook (3-2)
has gone missing.
It was raining that day but the air was warm. I love to get wet in the rain but did not get wet on that day for some reason unknown to even myself. However, I remembered seeing him on that day. It was a memory I will never forget.
Feel free to enter anytime during the course of the year.
But here's the good news. As of this morning I am down 6.8 pounds. Randy is down almost 10. We are still totally committed. Seriously.
The accent fabric will be used to frame each block as well as a stop border for the entire quilt. The fabrics I am using are on the blog button. I am using white as my accent fabric. Everyone should NOT choose white. Choose the fabric like you would choose a stop border. (The stop border is that first narrow border that stops your eye as you are looking at the quilt.)
Scotland, like much of western Europe, accepts real rights. The terminology seems unfamiliar in English law (although you see some commentators using it, it doesn’t seem to appear in the case reports – other than where a judge disparagingly queries how rudimentary the system is in comparison with the genius of English law, ignoring the fact that the bulk of western economies operate just such a rudimentary system which offers certainty and avoids superfluous litigation). However, Scotland only recognises a limited number of real rights. These real rights, funnily enough, don’t include rights held by season ticket holders on an irregular basis when football matches happen to take place.
Priceless moment
indirectly in sustenance
Karidopita
I was running late but hoped I could use that to my advantage by slipping in unnoticed, introducing myself later once I felt composed and confident.
“WE ARE IN A GOOD PLACE” and by we I mean, teen and the family….and even three weeks ago, I would not have believed ANY of that was possible…Not. At. All.
“And Rick look at you here all dapper and festive! It takes a real man to come back here after that unfortunate comment about the people of Boston causing the Catholic Church abuse scandal. But you are a real man, is what I always said.” Of course you know Rick, he got all “Aw shucks” and turned fifteen shades of red while shuffling from foot to foot.
The investigation led to Hansen, who had made more than 500 complaints about noise from OIA and at one noise abatement meeting said he had used a golf range finder to determine the height of planes.
The downside is when you erase something on the computer, it’s erased forever. When you cross something out on a page, and then later realize that you wanted to put that back, all you have to do is look, and you can make out what you wrote even if there’s a line running across the words. That is why when I write on the computer, I have a separate file for the draft. Anything I erase, I paste it to the draft file, and I can retrieve it later if I need it. However, sometimes when I think that my current revision plan is good, I forget to copy the original paragraph to the draft file, and I just delete it. I can undo it if I realize right away that I need to put it back, but if I realize it later on, I can never put it back. Sometimes I remember it so I can re-type it, but sometimes I don’t and those paragraphs are lost forever.
Easy and good. It's a keeper!
I mentioned yesterday that I spent the afternoon with my bf. I spent a good chunk of that time showing off my body after almost two weeks of Moksha. Obviously I’m still not “in shape” or thin or anything like that, but there are some serious improvements. My arms are pretty much solid when I flex and there is much more definition than when I started. My belly is smaller, and it’s almost time to go to a tighter belt loop (although I probably did some damage with my cheat weekend). He says my butt got bigger, which would be a good thing, but I haven’t noticed. I think my chest got marginally smaller, but nothing drastic, no need for bra shopping… yet. My calves are more defined than they have ever been, they are pure muscle, and my hamstrings are pretty solid too. The thighs and almost everything higher needs to lean out, which I will hopefully be able to do by adding more water to my diet and eating better.
However, I have faith that one of these days the tables will turn and I'll know I've encountered the person whose best interests coincide with mine, and I won't feel guilty encouraging the commitment.
Exercise produces ROS (Reactive Oxygen Species) and Vitamin C is thought to hinder this. ROS expedites the metabolism and improves insulin production.
(Pass out wine)
When the Israelites complained to Aaron that Moses had deserted them, Aaron took an offering from the people of gold jewelry, melted it down and made an idol in the shape of a calf- which he “fashioned with a tool”. He then said,
(a project from the new Make and Takes)
When Cameron became Prime Minister, in his first Press conference with his deputy Nick Clegg, he pledged to end the old political culture where ‘tight-knit tribes make important decisions in wood-panelled rooms’.
Today, whilst interacting on a rather fiery, opinionated blog, it occurred to me. On this blog, where I have previously interacted with lots of people who disagree with me, I was suddenly called a concern troll and instructed to stop commenting. Wow, I thought. What the hell happened? Are people not allowed to simply disagree any more?
Thursdays are very long. Well I suppose they are as long as any other day but I do three jobs on a Thursday. Just home now and having dinner. I did my sums this week. Sums is about as advanced as I got in maths. That's a lie actually - I can do take-aways too. And I'm doing ok financially. Discovering that I am earning enough to cover all my expenses and even save some money is very rewarding. It turns this adventure from a folly into a going concern. I am earning a living in another European city. I did it.
I haven’t been blogging as much, I think partly to stressors (both good and bad) like after the car needed a head gasket *THEN* the master cylinder for the brakes went. The landlord finally pretty much finished the roof section over my part of the house last weekend. I’m hoping I can find a time stretch of reasonable uneventfulness to just sort of channel my chi so to speak.
By LAURA M. HOLSON
This brew was my 2nd attempt at making a beer that had that sweet distinctive Weissbier taste that I had hoped to emulate in brew #2. The key ingredient that was missing in that brew to create that taste was the correct type of yeast. This was not a problem with this kit. The Brewers Choice kits are also a bit more 'involved' than the traditional kit type as they have separate hops, grains, DME and an additional malt extract which you buy separately.
And then, he asks, "What is the great cause you are living for?" And I heard God say, "Be committed to the cause I have led you to. Stop fluttering around the room."
And another friend taught me the third truth. It has to do with acceptance. He said, "Acceptance is the answer to all my problems today.. . Unless I accept life completely on life's terms, I cannot be happy." Reinhold Niebuhr said something similar: "Taking, as our Lord Jesus did, this sinful world as it is, not as I would have it." In other words, if I will only accept things the way they are as the starting point, I mean, truly accept that THIS IS THE WAY THINGS REALLY ARE, I can start to celebrate what is possible in light of that starting point, instead of getting sucked down into all that I wish was different. I decided that amputation gave us as a family the chance to celebrate everything that is wonderful about this little dog, to savor every day we have left for and with her, to remember what we have adored about her and will always treasure, and to gather around her and make her last months the best they can be. That's what acceptance makes possible.
3 cups marinara sauce, homemade or store bought
8 Rebecca Hamilton, US Played Key Role in Southern Sudan’s Long Journey to Independence, July 9, 2011, accessed in http://pulitzercenter.org/articles/south-sudan-independence-khartoum-southern-kordofan-us-administration-role
I also arranged for all of my girl friends to get together for a 'they're finally back in school' luncheon. We got to catch up with a bunch of us that we haven't seen all summer! And I finally got to see Jackie again. She moved to GTMO, two years ago and finally moved back and yup, I am STILL here!
After everyone left, I spent about a full hour and a half cleaning up my iPod and adding news songs.... I couldn't wait to workout to my new playlist, so after my belly was settled I packed up and went to the gym... totally pumped! And then, immediately deflated.... I only kept 3 of my old songs on my iPod and all the rest were new tunes..... and they were all scrambled and scratchy. I don't know what I did wrong, but I was so discouraged I wanted to just come home.... but since I was there, standing on the treadmill, I figured I may as well make the best of it! I took off my iPod to listen to the background music playing in the gym, I thought, this won't be so bad! It will be ok just for today.... and, of course, today the gym music was brutal too. I think whoever was in charge of the music today, must be suffering through a terrible break up or something horrible, because all they played were Sarah Mclachlan and Adele....seriously?? I know these girls have mega talent and can sing like (very sad) angels.... but, at a gym?? So I listened to my 3 songs that weren't scrambled and scratchy, on repeat. Mega-Bummer. Anybody else dependent on music for a good work out?? Even on my high school track team, I always dragged along my sweet, state of the art, anti-shock walk-man or disc-man (not an easy feat, by any means) ..... but, who wouldn't be more pumped up listening to songs like this............
For some weird reason, my mind went straight to unmarried middle aged women who have decided to have children after years of waiting for the right man. Sometimes, I wonder how I would feel if I was in my late thirties, successful in every area of my life, and single. I wonder if I would really crave having a man to look after and who would look after me. I wonder if I would be worried about my biological clocking ticking away every month. I wonder if I would do what most women in that situation do – ditch the man and get the kid.
For the base structure I used a dies of an envelope, I cut it for four times and I built the four sides...... if you want to I also can do the tutorial!!! For the handles I used two simple Kraft cardstock strips decored with voile ribbon.
+++ books: peter høeg's 'miss smilla's feeling for snow' - such a great read and so much more than another scandinavian crime novel. the plot is gripping, but what really draws you in is the atmosphere and beautiful writing.
This beautiful dahlia memory
Right now I am working on graduation ides for Brea's Graduation Party, so far it has been a ton of fun! I made these little party favor hats for the party. I am not exactly sure how many people are going to be here, but I made 30 boxes. I figured that would be plenty. I will show you how to make them soon but right now I need to make an announcement!
Von Peczely became intrigued by the possibility of a connection between diseases and eye markings. Through observing his patients’ eyes, he became convinced of this connection and developed a chart that mapped iris-body correlations.
What about other people? Do you dislike it when one of your favorite authors tries something new and branches out? Maybe tries a historical fiction, which has a very different literary voice than a contemporary? Or writes from a boy perspective, which is going to have a different voice than that from a girl.
But I would buy this collection again just for the Harvest Pumpkin Ale! Not only do they brew it using real pumpkin (11 pounds per barrel) but they also spice it with traditional pumpkin pie spices. I enjoyed this subtle spice and it would be perfect with a slice of apple or pumpkin pie.
Secondly, I have got to find a more fuel efficient service truck. My 1989 Ford 4wd will haul 250 gallons of 10-34 (11lbs/gallon) but it also uses gasoline at an alarming rate. I went though a tank and a half in two days worth of planting. And (as my family has told me) I drive like an old farmer. That pedal has not seen the floorboards since the second week of owning that truck.
TFWME Blog (tfwmeblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
of keeping all those fires burning.
In reality I am annoyed because she was getting out against the lights so even if she had left me short I wouldn't have been able to check it.
Other than the fact that he was on his best behavior today, I love the little moments when he randomly pulls on my heartstrings. Tonight, while I was cooking dinner, "Country Girl (Shake it for me)" by Luke Bryan came on the radio and he grabbed my hand, insisting I go into the living room. We occasionally get up and dance, but he has never encouraged me to dance with him. Did I mention the fact this is my favorite song? Love that boy and his almost 3-year old booty shakin' self!
Get your rage rant about social media lunacy, whether there's a point to Pinterest and Bill's latest discovery: Chill.com. We take on pirates and breach Kevin Smith's reality TV series Comic Book Men and Angela talks about the Pirate Bay's new project: 3D Printing! Never buy a pair of Air Jordans again, not when you can make your own and fill that shit in with a Sharpie.
When I started developing the idea for the book, I quickly realised that it was too big for a single book, and it would have to be a series, each with their own story. I eventually decided on four books, although I have left it open to write more books if I want to later.
“Same reason I’ll never do drugs, same reason I don’t drink so much.”
The people who worked there were so nice and friendly - they even threw in a few sheets of stickers as an added bonus! As you can see, I came away with lots of stickers and scrapbooking stickers! My pen-friends can look forward to having some new stickers included with their next letters! :)
It was pretty frigid out this morning, but I wanted to wear my leather jacket. I've totally gotten my money's worth out of this jacket - I bought it in a corporate online auction at my last job, about 4 years ago, for $75. I'm pretty sure I've worn it over 50 times. And you can barely see the stamped corporate logo on the arm!
But Saturday morning one of them, Jehmu Greene, had to come onto a business show and discuss why government regulation and intervention into financial markets, specifically crude oil, is what the markets need and what the American people expect. Never mind increasing supply through drilling because the answer for Progressives is always about government and never about the free market.
6, Spoon a thick layer of melted chocolate over the top to seal the cheesecake and biscuit in and return to the freezer for 10 minutes.
She drew blood and we left with our new pictures. Driving home I realized we didn't get a picture of the baby's profile, I was disapointed, but didn't think anything about it. Now I know, it wasn't an accident.
Stout Dessert Cocktail
the fact that I feel so much better, my body is firming up, my clothes fit nicer &
E-mail me your address and we can get started!
Over this past year on this journey of mine the universe (a.k.a God) keeps opening up doors to show me the way to possibilities. My part is to share them with you.
Next I season with garlic powder, onion powder, and seasoned salt. I’ve also been known to add in some garlic and herb seasoning, lemon pepper seasoning, and one of our new favorites curry powder. Once everything has come to a boil I taste it and adjust the seasonings accordingly. I haven’t read anything that says this, but the rice seems to need a lot of salt, so you will probably use more than you think you need. Always taste your dish after the rice has cooked because chances are you will need more salt before serving it. Have fun with the seasonings and make your chicken and rice perfectly suited to your family! A nice last minute addition is a splash of rice wine vinegar, it heightens the flavors and the acid really gets your taste buds going. You won’t taste the vinegar, it just heightens all of the other flavors.
The Mern and Danute Rivers traverse the Republic, along which many farms cover the landscape.
Gadget Note: Coming Soon: a guest Blog by the excellent Met officer James Patrick.
When you know that your eternal home is heaven, you live life differently. You have confidence to endure any circumstance that life throws your way. You also believe that God can bring hope to others through Christ. The Colossian church had been started by Epaphras (v7). He had done a good job of teaching them to follow Christ. They had heard the truth of the gospel (v5) and had received God’s grace (v6). The gospel was bearing fruit as people all over the world were receiving God’s grace (v6). Paul and Timothy were thanking God for the hope that they heard about in the Christians in in Colossae. Their hope in Christ was contagious!
He then proposed a remedy:
I think about the heavens.
The financial crisis hasn’t stopped the demand for submarines, says Jones, 55. “There are 2,500 large yachts in the world today,” he adds, and most of them have enough room to carry a submarine.
"Our society was ripe for a convulsion about social justice, and Occupy Wall Street was the catalyst for that," says McCulley. "New York can be very insular. It is not the real world and neither is Newport Beach."
It's good to believe in something. If non-Christians feel so strongly about what they believe in that it's worth standing up for and fighting Christians about, it means they believe in something else, but still they believe. The problem I have is that at a time like this white people are still more focused on fighting about religion than about seriously discussing what we are being faced with. It baffles the mind.
This was not the time to find and try out a new recipe. So I went for a quick fix, an old favorite, Appleturnovers or appelflappen as we call them in Holland. I used to make these when I was a little girl with my mother and loved them.
I have also started to bake off the Pork joint. I scored the skin and rubbed salt into it, then I chopped some smallish onions into quarters and sat the joint on the onions. I put the seasoned meat (seasoned with sage, salt, pepper and a small amount of Jerk) into a preheated oven (120′C) for an hour to slowly cook the joint.
I have a history of looking stupid at the gym. Mortifyingly stupid. My friend Whitney and I used to go to Bally's together. We ended up going frequently because we had "gym boyfriends." A gym boyfriend/girlfriend is someone of the opposite sex who you only see at the gym. You do not speak words to each other, only the language of bicep curls and awkward glances from across the cardio machines.
nevertheless:
Missing the carefree life
I put this set together through Polyvore, and although none of the pieces are exactly what I'm wearing, it gives you a visual. Pretty standard "Meaghan look".
Release Date: January 31, 2012 (already out in the UK)
(Just click the pictures to enlarge them!)
The curious distortion of the Gospel that appears to lie behind some of this is the idea that rather than being fully human and fully divine, Jesus, at least until his Resurrection, was actually some kind of rebel leader.
The Irish man who fell in love….. His father had never met the girl, his mother did. His father had died a proud death, at the business end of a sword, in the battle field, that’s what the Irish in this story called a glorious death. No one ever spoke of him soiling his clothes in pain, the pain was too much you see, that would dampen the mood, say tempo, read fan fare in the story when it was retold. He died never having experienced love; his motto had been to live in defeat is to live in self pity. He was Irish. He had his pride. His son would have told him years later had he lived on that in love their was defeat, in that defeat there was a victory, in that victory there was life, and in that life there was never self pity. He also was Irish that was a win win.
It does however make me feel that if you have an oily skin then maybe this wouldn't be right for you. but anybody that likes a glow, anybody with a few lines or slightly dry skin would love this.
To this day, I don't think I've ever seen so many frightened men with gaping jaws staring at me. If my head had spun around and I had spewed green vomit, I don't think they would have been half as scared of me. And I'm pretty sure the only person laughing was Da Man. I distinctly remember him telling the drunken fool's friends not to mind me as I was from Brooklyn. To which one responded, "let's get the hell away from The Brooklyn Girl." And that's how I got my nickname.
Ford every stream,
Yeah that just happened to me.
09-16 Saratoga Springs, NY – Saratoga Performing Arts Center #
I chose New York as their home, of course,
I'll come right out and say that Titanic obsession bothers me. I won't bore you with the whys and wherefores, but it does. Which is why I've pretty much avoided, as much as I can, all the hoopla over the 100th anniversary. However, when you work in a library and regularly read reviews of books, it's difficult to avoid the deluge of books that have made their way to our shelves. I also have a different feeling about books written about the Titanic than I do about, say, cruises and restaurants that recreate the "last (first class) meal" on the Titanic. The fact that Voyagers of the Titanic focused on the people involved with the Titanic and the aftermath of the disaster intrigued me. It's a sobering reminder that behind all the lost glamor represented by the sinking of the Titanic were devastated families and guilt-ridden survivors who were never the same again (in an age and society, especially for the English passengers, that did not have a name for or understanding of Post Traumatic Stress Disorder). The book's strength and strong impact come in the telling of the immediate aftermath of the disaster, in which the streets of Paris were filled with anxious and grief-ridden Americans (initially, the news was not that grave), and an English school in which several hundred children lost a parent or relative on the Titanic. This is a heartrending read, especially when reading how many teenage boys were not recognized in the "women and children" edict, the chilling cries heard by passengers rescued by lifeboats, and the shame felt by survivors (one teenager was told by her mother to never, ever tell anyone that they had survived the Titanic), especially by the men, who suffered a great deal of public ridicule. This is a remarkable account which strips away the bloat and craziness of Titanic mania and shows the humanity of the passengers, crew, and ship builders.
We use the term Tribe because it suggest the type of new society now emerging within the industrial nations. In America of course the word has associations with the American Indians which we like . This new subculture is in fact more similar to that ancient and successful tribe, the European Gypsies-- a group without nation or territory which maintains its own values, its language and religion, no matter what country it may be in. The Tribe proposes a totally different style: based on community houses, villages and ashrams; tribe-run farms or workshops or companies; large open families; pilgrimages and wanderings from center to center. A synthesis of Gandhian
John 13:16-20 ”…no servant is greater than the one who sent him.”
To help you understand from my perspective, if I am keenly looking for predators in a fearful rather than observant state I will emit an odor of fear that can attract my predators. When I am happily playing and enjoying the bounty of spring there is less chance the predator will notice me. I think this would be good for you humans…play more and pay less attention to the predators…you will attract less of them.
A project that involved her every step of the way.
He had never seen Helen wear a filter mask and she wasn’t wearing one now. Even though it was pretty clear that she could have used one, though the perpetual redness of her eyes might have been self-inflicted. He didn’t bring up the fact that ‘ages’ apparently was only three months now. He only said “you could have if you’d come to the funeral. It was yesterday” he didn’t bother to be nice about it.
I feel like I have not been knitting forever so getting this project on needles was so nice. This is also my first time in a month playing along with Ginny of Small Things...so busy around here getting ready for spring.
4) I gotta give a shout out to my friend Arla! She gave me some really great coupons to Skinny Dip and Chick Fil A. I’m really looking forward to using them. It’s nice to have friends with benefits. Wait, that came out wrong…
I make it quite often now because my husband loves it too!
Everyone was saying the giant cargo net was hard to get under, but I don’t think it was that bad.
Considering what has been thrown at them by the State, the resolve of the anti-nuke protestors in pursuing their peaceful campaign suggests a formidable democratic spirit. On 23 April, the People’s Movement Against Nuclear Energy announced the resumption of an indefinite hunger strike starting May 1, the International Workers Day.
So…Gwylfa Hiraethog tomorrow; baby lambs today.
HOW DO I PLAY?
4) Lay them flat and toast them on the griddle one at a time, pressing on each side for a few seconds.
- Very enjoyable were the conversations between Olivia from over there and Walter: “Certainly…NOT” is Walters reaction as she wants some of his sweets. And at the end she asks: “Are you flirting with me?” Walter: “In your dreams!”
Or do I? If Emma can run on a broken bone for three months, why the fuck am I being such a wuss? It's just a little searing pain in the groin. The half-heartedly stifled groans of agony as I climb the stairs are surely something to which my family can adjust themselves. Htfu, motherfucker. Yeah, yeah, there's that 'may never run again' niggle. But that's a 'may' right there. And these medicine talkin' guys are always saying shit like that. Every alcoholic gets told that another drink will kill them, so they go for a pint to calm the nerves and does it kill them? No. Or rarely. Or not immediately.
All of these characteristics, I might remind you, are precisely what this country's founders attempted to avoid when they crafted the Constitution. And until we have a group of patriots in office -- meaning people who will adhere to the Constitution -- I will oppose any government-approved "self-driving car". For it rides on the road to tyranny.
William points out that nothing had changed except the minds of the lawmakers and people who called themselves witches could no longer bring death and destruction and were more likely to be considered as mentally ill after changes in law.
over the steep sheen of the water-globe.
After Gene finished his story he had that same smile my father had sitting in that beach chair like the world is crazy- always has been- always will be- and that if you can grab a chicken or a cinnamon bun even in the midst- of human madness and chaos and world conflagration- go for it
Sounds good to ME!
Kayla followed at a safe distance–her sensors immediately picking up something from inside the crates; registered to her sub-files as both deadly and lethal to whomever came into contact with it.
The Sutton Bank design displays intertwining yin-yang symbols in a linear group and its position in the Valley, like so many of this year’s new crop circles, seems to have been chosen for its proximity to a sacred Iron Age hill enclosure (‘hillfort’).
“One, two, three…” He edged closer to the edge of the ledge and gripped the butt of the gun tighter.
As I was scouring the internet for web gems this week, I found quite a few pictures of children terrified by a giant stuffed rabbit.
May your day be magical in wonderful ways. Shalom.
And straight up honest moment, this isn’t always the case for my life. Yes, I’m a youth pastor. Yes, I’m human. I stumble. I get distracted. I make my own plans. Sometimes… I make quick decisions without asking for God’s guidance.
Written by multiple authors, the blog is a treasure throve of weird and wonderful things going on with music and technology as well as new music and emerging electronic music writers, producers and artists.
Container City is located about two hours outside of Mexico City in Cholula, and is comprised of about 50 standard shipping containers. The developers took 4500 m2 (48,500 sq ft) of space and plopped down the containers, stacking them to create courtyards, alleys and streets. The containers were then painted bright colours and outfitted with lighting, kitchens, dining areas and more.
What a crazy week it has been. Today is the beginning of school holidays here and Queensland has put on some amazing weather for us. Cooper had his school Spring Fair on Friday. We had such a great day. We've already been for our first swim of the season. I love Spring on the Gold Coast.
MGM could have walked away from their original investment. They could have put the Trader Horn fiasco behind them and never gone near Africa again. But that would have made bad business sense. Disney is in the same position with Mars. You already have the location footage—those hard drives brimming with otherwise unusable CGI that could fuel a decade of Martian adventures. You already paid for it. It’s just sitting there.
It was Archibald’s ambition to open up western China to trade (and hence, he firmly believed, to greater employment opportunities and greater prosperity for the Chinese), by introducing steam boats to the rivers, which were then navigated by means of junks, either rowed, poled or even towed in back-breaking toil by the poorest of the poor. He makes the very interesting point that, except in north China, wheeled carts were not much used for transport – the great medieval roads had deteriorated, and in mountainous regions all goods were carried by trains of ‘coolies’ balancing burdens on two end of a flexible bamboo pole. (By a happy coincidence, this could be seen in action (sort of) in a recent BBC 4 programme about Chinese porcelain, where ceramics expert Lars Tharp was seen recreating the journey taken by export porcelain from the manufactories of Jingdezhen to the port of Canton (Guangzhou), a distance of about 500 miles, partly by boat on lakes and rivers, and partly up and down slippery mountains tracks where any breakages were deducted from the carrier’s pay.)
If you’re looking for a well written yet gripping story to keep you intrigued and turning the pages this summer, then I would definitely recommend this! It’s a beautiful novel, one that forces you to look at life and all its decisions and their consequences. Stedman has proved herself as a wonderful new voice in fiction, and I honestly can’t wait to see what she will write next. My only sorrow is that I wish this had been included in the Waterstones 11 selection of debut novels, as I think it deserves much more recognition. But I’m keeping my fingers crossed for other opportunities on the horizon…
My salad eating friend was kind enough to trade food for babysitting and my husband and I went to the movies - a documentary about Gerhardt Richter. I was curious to see the famous painter at work – something told me there would be a lesson for a writer in it. I was not disappointed.
If a dose or two of my own personal truth comes out as I write, it just takes me back to a lesson that I’m sure all writers have learned somewhere along the way:
I also grabbed a 12-pack of Red Hook Winter Hook because it was on sale at HEB. I really don't understand why Red Hook went with this particular recipe. It's a particularly unexceptional beer. Which isn't to say it isn't good, just not spectacular. Most breweries like to really whip out Da Bomb for a special release, and this just isn't it. That said, you can rest assured I'll finish the 12.
6. Link to the blog who posted the day before you and continue the crawl by linking to the blog that will follow you
She recalls: ‘I was with them on the beach in December, throwing sticks, just having a nice day, when these two guys ran down with their nets and threw them over Mira and Wanda.
There are some delicious red Spanish wines that you can pair with this meal. Though fajitas are not a Spanish meal, but more-so Mexican (maybe even more-so Tex-Mex cuisine), you can still try to make it seem more authentic with some spicy Spanish red wines, such as Rioja (a blend of several grapes from Spain or if you can find a bottle of Grenache (called Garnarcha in Spain). For your non-wine drinking friends (first, consider getting new friends), set out a bucket of Coronas and limes or make up your own Sangria to sweeten a bottle of wine up with fruit and brandy. Happy Cinco de Mayo!
With all this going on we haven't had a lot of room for the sexiness of our life. D/s is still there, but I haven't been feeling very submissive. We had maintenance Tuesday night, but it didn't seem to help. He has had me on orgasm denial for well over a week now and I am starting to get a little crabby. Sometimes the denial makes me feel more submissive and sometimes it makes me feel angry. This week I think is my PMS week and I am just feeling grouchy.
This Life’s been doin’ drugs
Entering the apartment, I feel like Audrey Hepburn's character in Charade, opening the door of her Parisian apartment to find it stripped bare. Mine lacks the gilt and the Givenchy of the Hollywood scenario; but the emptiness of a tall-ceilinged Parisian apartment is dramatic. In addition to the echoing from the parquet to the moldings, there is the stark blackness: I have no more lamps.
You don’t have to be related by blood to be a part of a family, you just have to accept that your are part of the family. It doesn’t matter if that family is your adoptive family, your half-blood family, your real blood family, or the family of friends you have, if you want to be part of it – you have to commit to being a part of it. You can’t be a part of it only when it suits you; you have to be all in and accept it for what it is.
Cast : Riteish Deshmukh, Genelia D’Souza, Om Puri, Tinu Anand, Smita Jaykar.
The doom and gloom of the 'I never buy anything new anymore!' sentiment in my last post has been somewhat dispelled after I bought myself a new pair of running shoes. I had a couple of days of feeling really down this week, a combination of being overwhelmed by my workload and missing the security of my friends at home, people I can crawl to and make bad jokes or simply just sit in silence with if I'm not feeling up to conversation. It takes a while to get to that stage with new people and although I've met some really lovely people here there are of course times when you just want to crawl into friend and pull ugly faces with a girlfriend, safe in the knowledge that she'll 'get' you.
