This whole damn movement is ridiculous. It pisses me off. I mean the ACLU is defending these bums and one of their contentions is that the County government should provide OWS protesters with electricity. Yes, the ACLU and OWS are saying that the failure of the County to use taxpayer money to provide them with free electricity is somehow a violation of their 1st Amendment rights.
oh how I wish you were in them.
We who are mere onlookers to the lives of the one percent or even more particularly the one-tenth of one percent, need no special instruction on the luck of those who, so to speak, "have chosen their parents well." Yet, the scions of inherited wealth often feel the same sense of entitlement as those who actually acquire their wealth through effort and ingenuity.
Scales.
A few years back Patrick and Jim went to see the USC Gamecocks football game and I gave Patrick a disposable camera so he could take pictures of his adventure. Well, he came back with some of the most amazing pictures - it was neat to see how he saw the day. He helped me put his scrapbook together and it was so much fun. I recently entered a design team call and entered this layout - Patrick helped me pick it out and thought he did a great job.
I nearly turned back several times but the views from the top were just stunning
I'm still processing that visit. I love that girl, (I'll call her Alex for this story) she's so vibrant, yet here she sat with most of that hiding away. It was a supervised visit with her mentor/counselor. She introduced herself and told us all about the place where Alex is staying and then moved several tables away to let us talk. We met a coffee place.
Below is a rundown of the movements and techniques taught in aikido.
Shell has committed to drill the Palta-1 exploration well in the WA-384-P permit and has received environmental approval for the drilling operations. The WA-384-P permit is adjacent to WA-385-P where the Tortilla 2D seismic survey was acquired.
The paper advocates criminal prosecution of pirates rather than civil litigation. Piracy is a form of theft, it says. Since there is already legislation on theft, there is no reason why digital offenders should not be prosecuted under the criminal law in the same way as those who steal tangible goods. (Legally accurate, I would say, though not everyone would agree.) The paper frowns on rights-holders pursuing individuals ‘aggressively’. Instead they should put their efforts into education to tackle the culture of piracy. Labour, it says, focused on reducing piracy by ‘authoritarian means’. So civil litigation is ‘authoritarian’, while criminal prosecution is not? Rights-holders will be delighted to find the burden of dealing with illegal file-sharing being taken over by the police. Perhaps the Anti-looting Squad can take this on?
As usual, Anne Lamott says it best:
Elsewhere, inside the past, Dr. Feinman, PhD, that is also the founder of the Metabolic process Society and co-Editor-In-Chief of the record, Nutrition & Metabolic rate, has already claimed “Various individuals are essentially healed of the type 2 diabetes by low carbohydrate diets but which message is never acquiring out”. Whilst agreeing that numerous patients have difficulty staying found on the minimal carbohydrate diet, he contends that for those which do, it can mean a life clear of insulin as well as diabetic drugs.With help for the viewpoint of the ADA, Arne Astrup, M.D., head of the Department of Diet during the College of Copenhagen, Denmark, said that the ADA is correct in being conservative. Dr. Astrup went upon to state which the protection and additionally effectiveness of the minimal carbohydrate diet in the lengthy phase is completely unsubstantiated and also that to do so there might should be two to four-year studies carried out which would definitely check such claims.And so the exchange of views continueAlso, maybe coloring the debate fairly, over the last few years, information in the form of a chart labeled as the Glycemic Index happens to be devised that indicates the accelerate at which the carbohydrate part of numerous foods is converted to sugar. The higher the values of foods indexed in the index, the faster their sugar information material turns out to be absorbed into the bloodstream. It is better for the diabetic if the sugar enters the bloodstream slowly, so increasingly it is suggested which the lower Glycemic Index foods must be given choice upon the diabetic food checklist and additionally in almost any individuals diabetic menu.We definitely will discuss the Glycemic Index as well as its companion, the Glycemic load individually.
So for all recipes I include for Clarity please know I have done my best to insure that they are free of free glutamates (with the exception of tomatoes/mushroom/&like foods-I can't explain those and fortunately I am still able to consume them.
That is okay because everyone has different tastes. Keep in mind he is 88 and loves his cakes and cookies and stuff like that.
(Aside: I love Holly Lisle's workshops, and even though she has an affiliate program, I do not participate in it. I simply share the good stuff I find.)
how we direct each other’s gaze,
He wandered into my life many years ago and it is face that speaks to me directly, more than the words which were few and have been made noisy by his followers.
Helping others has actually helped me!
Lindsey Williams: World War III Starts in 2012? The Dylan Ratigan Show: The Economic Endgame! Bankruptcy of US Government Next! Peter Schiff: The Fed’s Incompetency Must Stop! Dennis Kucinich: Corruption On UnPrecedented Scale, ‘Our Tax Dollar Being Stolen’! End the Wars. Bring our Troops Home! Jesse Ventura Exposes 9/11 Stand Down Order! Japan’s Ocean Radiation Hits 7.5 Million Times Legal Limit! March Madness: U.S. Gov’t Spent More Than Eight Times Its Monthly Revenue! The Daily Bell: EU’s Unraveling Preps Global Currency?
Ehud came to him while he was sitting alone in his cool roof chamber. And Ehud said, "I have a message from God for you." And he arose from his seat.
Manchester City striker Mario Balotelli is available again after serving a three-match ban for his sending off at Arsenal earlier this month but it remains to be seen whether he will be recalled given the form of Sergio Aguero and Carlos Tevez.
But today I received another treasure. It was from Lauri Burgesser I met in Colorado retreat last year. When I found a lovely cqed bear in the box and read a letter from her, I was almost crying. She remembered how I missed her bear stolen by Josie in Cninese auction. After the quake and tsunami, she asked all the ladies who attended the retreat with me, to contribute something small for the bear. Lauri put it all together for me.
He will always to be there if you ever need him
Paul Theroux argues:
Simply Playing - Carries Waldorf inspired all natural plant dyed wool toys that bring out your child's imagination. Since dress up is the heart of a young child's imaginative play, crowns, garlands, and wands are created to assist in their journey.
97. Yo baby, gimme yo digits! +
It’s pretty simple, but very effective. The problem with calling or writing to ask for more information is that you’re essentially reminding them that they forgot to do something. Although it is legitimate to send this reminder, there’s a decent chance they’ll be annoyed that they have to deal with you (if they didn’t like you) or at least feel bad for ignoring you (if they did). A thank you note is simply a polite and positive reminder that you exist. It will help your interviewer(s) want to get back to you.
a few sprigs of fresh thyme, leaves picked
In 2010, I decided to not come back to SDCC for a number of reasons. The main reason was that I was working as Director on the development stage of my animated film Pinocchio. But it was more than that. The person I was throughout that past decade was no longer me and I didn't feel like I could do SDCC as I had in the past.
With Carroll in the team this strategy makes no sense, particularly when the worst offender is Stuart Downing, the former Aston Villa wide-man, who’s only discernible talent is the ability to deliver a cross with his only operational foot. It is infuriating to see Downing persistently deployed on the right flank, when he is so debilitatingly one footed.
OK, I had better get off of here and get busy. I'm off to "scratch" and "add"!!!
This is a basic dal recipe. It is so simple yet so comforting. It can be made in a matter of minutes and is so versatile. You can pair it with rotis and subji or ladle of rice drizzled with ghee! Tastes best anyways. I paired this simple dal with ladies finger poriyal and raw plaintain fry and this was our weekend lunch.
666 D-III/26/1974. “An Autobiographical Interview.” Conducted by Father R. Eric O’Connor, S.J., Thomas More Institute, Montreal, Quebec. See Item C-1989(9), above.
But let me not get ahead of myself. I went to my free trial class and enjoyed it well enough. Not the best class I’ve ever taken, but definitely worth the price and convenience. And a great way to stay limber, relaxed, present, and strong-ish.
So this time I was up against a fairly new Warmachine player who was running a Mercs rhulic list with Gorten and a couple of lights with a Driller and Thor. I had played rhulic once before but not Gorten, I learned two things in this game first of all that Gortens feat let my opponent get a turn 3 single turn caster kill and that new players sometimes are so much better than I am.
-Pop it on your blog and use the link tool to share your project with us.
18. Paris Is a Lonely Town (Demo) - Harold Arlen
Night tried to solve its problem
Sadly the solo hop, nor the following relay competition were able to beat the Guinness Word Records but maybe we should consider including hopping as a late addition to the London Olympics this year? There might be some sore limbs afterwards, I think I’ve developed a funny little limp – Ministry of Silly Walks anyone?
Monstrous, Energetic, Witty and Stylish…
Today, in church, a similar incident: Instead of commenting on my younger boys' constant trips to the bathroom or Boy #4's slight meltdown during the second half of church, the pastor complimented ME. "I think it's so great that you come to church with four boys," she said. She knows it's not easy, but recognized my effort, and that made me feel, well, proud.
it’s amazing what a friendly community you may find when you feel as if writing things on a little no-name blog gets lost into the deep abyss of cyberspace!
California-based Family Radio, Inc., a worldwide conglomerate of 38 radio stations broadcasting a mostly conservative Christian viewpoint, is in danger of self-destructing, according to high-level sources within the ministry.
The countdown has begun.
Wash 1C. sushi rice 4X in cold H2O until H2O runs clear. Add 2C. H2O to rice along with 1 Tsp. sal de mer and bring to a boil. When rice reaches a boil, stir, reduce heat to low, and cover for about 20 minutes until rice has absorbed H2O. At the end of cooking, add 1Tblsp. mirin and 4 Tblsp. rice vinegar, remove from heat, stir in 2 Tblsp. black sesame seeds and cover until you are ready to assemble gunkan.
but we hope you can find some time to play along.
I just finished a brand new ornament design, using vintage pages, and was planning to post pics and a tutorial, but alas, I am using The Engineer's computer this week, and can't upload the new pictures! Yikes! I'll be back on my own computer in a few days, thank goodness :) I can't wait to share the new designs with you all! They are inspired by vintage paper ornaments, pumpkins, and some plastic Martha Stewart ornaments I saw at Home Depot :) The new ornament post should be up this week!
1/4 cup melted butter
In order to be an effective communicator you need to recognize all of these things during the course of a conversation and be able to react instinctively, without thought, in order to stay one step ahead of the buyer. With enough practice these skills will come naturally but I assure you that early on in their implementation you will be uncomfortable using them all at once. You will feel overwhelmed if you try to pay attention to everything at once and then you run the risk of focusing so much on the non-verbal that you miss hearing everything the buyer is telling you. This is worst than not picking up on the non-verbal cues as effective listening is just as important as your ability to get your point across.
Three of the crew members are French; they don't speak English but since the firm specializes in international moves, they make it a practice to label the boxes so they will be understandable on the other end. (And I can tell you with 100 percent certainty that the movers in DC may speak Spanish but they sure won't speak French. ) Amid the boxes and rolls of tape, I noticed the cheat sheet they were using with translation of common moving terms from French to English. And how could I not share some of these with you?
I sang this song
And I could see in her eyes that she had her doubts
Count on Me
“No.” I thought for a minute. “As long as you can feel things and care about things.”
“Therefore, it cannot be overstretched to cover an inquiry into the death of this nature, wherein an inquiry by the magistrate under the CPC is more appropriate and sanctioned by the law,” he said.
If you're visiting from Kara's blog and new to Make Them Wonder, then it'd be awesome if you jumped on board and started following along with our Random Acts of Kindness! Here are a several of my favorites: here, here and here.
Did he know what might happen? He may have stolen a large amount of money before he fled from his bondage. Being absent for that period of time, his master may figure the lost revenue due to his absence from work. Then, there was the fact that he was a veritable outlaw. Did Paul know what he was getting onto?
Not long ago, I was browsing favorite reading sites online, and tucked between articles about the Trayvon murder, the disastrous US economy, and the horrors of Islam both here and abroad, was an obscure article with a headline that caught my eye, but for the wrong reason. It’s been sticking in my claw since then. I wish I could describe the response of my heart … The headline was “Should the Church only Use the King James version of the Bible?” It could just as easily read any of the dozens of incidental issues that bog down believers from the real issues:
Gaul as a whole is divided into three parts, one of which the Belgians inhabit, another of which the Aquitani inhabit, and the third those people who are called Celts in their own language, in ours, Gauls. All three Gallic peoples differ from each other in language, customs, and laws. The Garone river divideds the Gauls from the Aquitani, the Matrona and Sequana divides them from the Belgians. Of all of these the Belgians are the bravest, especially because live the farthest away from the refinements of civilization of Provincia, and least often merchants travel to them and so sell them these things which tend to make characters womanish, and they are right next to the Germans, who live across the Rhine, with whom they continually wage war. For this reason the Helvetii surpass the rest of the Gauls in courage, because they battle with the Germans nearly everyday, when they keep them out of their own territory or they themselves wage war in their territory. One part, which it is said the Gauls occupy, takes its start from the Rhone river, is bounded by the Garone river, the Atlantic Ocean, the boundaries of the Belgians, touches also the Rhine river on the side of the Sequani and the Helvetii, and faces north. The Belgians arise from the outermost territory of Gaul, stretch to the lower part of the Rhine river, and face the north and east. Aquitania stretches from the Garone river to the Pyrrenees mountains and part of the Atlantic Ocean, which is near Spain, and faces between the west and the north. Among the Helvetians the nobilest and richest by far was Orgetorix. He, when Marcus Messala and Marcus Piso were counsels, influenced by a desire for power, formed a conspiracy of the nobles and persuaded the tribe to leave their territory with all of their supplies: he said it would be very easy to gain control of the rule of all of Gaul, since there were surpassed everyone in courage. He easily persuaded them of this, becuase on all sides the Helvetians are limited by the nature of their location: on one side by the widest and deepest part of the Rhine river, which divided Helvetium from the Germans, on another side by the highest part of the Jura mountains, which is between the Sequani and the Helvetians, and on the third side by the Lemannus lake and the Rhone river, which divides our province from the Helvetians. Because of these things it came about that they moved about less widels and less easily made war upon their neighbors; for this reason the men, eager for fighting, suffered from resentment. In relation to the population of men and in relation to the glory of battle and courage they thought that they had restrictive boundaries, which stretched 240 miles in lenght and 180 miles in width. Convinced by these things and aroused by the prestige of Orgetorix, they decided to prepare these things which were necessary for setting out, to buy as great a number as possible of oxen-teams and carts, to plant crops as large as possible, so that the supply of grain would be enough on the journey, and to strengthen peace and alliance with the nearby tribes. They thought that a two-year period was enough for them for accomplishing these things. Three years hence they strengthened their emigration by law. Orgetorix was elected to accomplish these things. He undertook the delegation to the tribes for himself. On this journey he persuaded Casticus, the son of Catamantaloedis of the Sequani, whose father held power among the Sequani for many years and was called a friend of the Roman people by the senate, to seize power in his own tribe, which his father had had before; likewise he persuaded Dumnorix of the Haedui, the brother of Dividiaci, who at that time held the chieftainship in the tribe and was most popular with the people, to try the same thing and to give his daughter in marriage to him. He judged that it was very easy for them to do, to accomplish these undertakings, especially because he himself would acquire control of his tribe; that there was no doubt but that the Helvetii would be the most powerful of all Gaul; that he with his own wealth and his own army guaranteed that he would get power for them. Convinced by this speech, they pledged their mutual loyalty by making solemn oaths and, they hoped that they could gain possession of all of Gaul once power had been seized through three of the most powerful and strongest peoples. This matter was reported to the Helvetians by declaration. According to their own customs they forced Orgetorix to plead his case under arrest.; it was appropriate for him, once convincted, to pay the penalty, to be cremated by fire. On the day determined for pleading his case, Orgetorix gathered to court all his family from everywhere, near 10,000 men, and all his clients and his debtors, of whom he had a great number, he brought to the same place. through them he escaped so as not to plead his case. When the tribe, roused on account of this thing, tried to carry out their law with weapons, and the magistrates compelled a crowd of men from the fields, Orgetorix died; nor was there lack of suspicion, as the Helvetii thought, but that he personally committed suicide. After his death nevertheless the Helvetii tried to do what they had decided upon, to leave their territory. When they already decided that they were ready for this thing, the set fire to all of their strongholds, 12 in number, and villages, 400 in number, and their remaining buildings, and they burned all their grain, except what they were ready to bring with them, so that, with the hope of a return home taken away, they might be more ready to undergo every danger; they ordered each person for himself to take out of his house a three-month supply of ground rations. They persuaded the neighboring Rauraci, the Tulingi, and the Latobici to set out with them, once their strongholds and villages had been burned down, and they summoned the Boii, who had lived across the Rhine and had crossed into the Noricum field and seized Noreia, welcomed to themselves as their allies. There were two ways by which they might leave their home: one through the Sequani, narrow and difficult, between the Jura mountain range and the Rhone river, by which carts in a single file would berely be led, and the mountain, on the other hand overhangs at its highest point, so that very few could block the way easily. the other through our province, by far easier and more convenient, especially because the Rhone river flows between the Helvetii and the Allobroges, who recently had been subdued in war, and it is crossed by the shallows in some places. The outermost stronghold of the Allobroges and next to the territory of the Helvetii is Geneva. From this stronghold a bridge stretched to the Helvetians. They thought that they would persuade the Allobroges, because they did not yet seem to be well disposed to the Roman people, or compel them by force to allow them to cross through their territory. After all the things had been prepared for their departure, they set a date, on which day all would come together at the bank of the Rhone river. This day was the fifth day before the April Kalends. When this had been announced to Caesar, that they were going to try to march through our province, he hurried to set out from the city and by marching as quickly as possible he made his way to Further Gaul and arrived at Geneva. He ordered as great a number of soldiers as possible from all of Provincia–there was in all one legion in Further Gaul–; he ordered the bridge, which was near Geneva, destroyed. When the Helvetians were informed of his arrival, they sent as representitives the noblest of the tribe to him, of this delegation Nammeius and Verucloetius held the highest rank, in order to say that they intended to march through the provinced with no mischief, especially because there was no other way: that they ask that they be allowed to do this with his permission. Caesar, because he remembered that Lucius Cassius the counsel had been killed by the Helvetii and his army routed and sent underneath the yoke, did not think it should be allowed; nor did he suppose that men of hostile disposition, once given the opportunity to march through the province, would restrain themselves from outrage and wrongdoing. Nevertheless, so that time could pass, until the soldiers, whom he had ordered, came together, he responded to the representitives that he would take a day for the purpose of thinking it over; that if they wanted anything, they should return on the Ides of April. Meanwhile with this legion, which he had with him, and the soldiers, who had come together from Provincia, from the Lamannus lake, which flows into the Rhone river, to the Jura mountains, which divides the territory of the Sequani from the Helvetians, he extended a wall 19 miles long and a ditch 16 feet in depth. Once this work had been completed, he posted watchguards, and armed watchtowers, the more easily in order the more easily to be able to hold them back, if, against his wishes, they should try to cross. When that day came which he decided upon with the representitives and the representitives returned to him, he said that he could not give the way to anyone through Provincia according to the custom and precedent of the Roman people, and, if they should try march by force, he would block their way. The Helvetii, disappointed of this expectation, once ships had been joined together and several rafts had been made, some in the shallows of the Rhone river, where the depth of the river was the shallowest, sometimes by day, more often by night, trying to find out if they could break through the defenses, driven back by the fortification of the work, the massing of the soldiers and their weapons, they stopped this attempt.
I plan to use it at school next year to hold supplies on my desk. I just can't bring myself to take it to school right now because it looks so good on my table!
Frenchy : "euuuuh oui, yessss, hi am ear."
So they made sure they enjoyed every last piece of him.
Actually it was incredibly easy, because ultimately my subjects were very generous and forthcoming about my being around and filming, and following that process. There were no problems as such, simply due to the nature of the subject being documented as there are no interviews, and it leaned more towards observation, but it was rather a question of time, and knowing when you reach that point where you feel it’s time to stop, knowing when to be there to capture those moments that were necessary for the film, but also moments where things could happen that you might not expect. Then there’s the waiting, but that comes with the territory in documentary filmmaking, so I was prepared for that.
As his front legs dug in, she stared at his work
Till next time, take care.
The first step is realisation that this initial illusion of success is life’s indicator to keep going as your not quite there yet. When you achieve the goal, you will know, if you have chosen to chase one that has definiteness of purpose that is.
Especially when one eye is swollen shut because someone didn't learn her lesson.
The sentiment is a clear stamp from sizzix and that gorgeous bling swirl is of course Zva.
Dear Perspective Audience:
Reasonable Ribbon Dark Brown Twine (approx 3 yds)
Card details
Demographically doomed, white South Africans paid the ultimate price (suicide) for not having been as ruthless as the white settlers of America or the black settlers of South Africa had been. Being the nice guy in Darwin's Zoo is not very wise if you want to survive, now is it? But then, white America will be in the same boat in 2050, and Europe will not last longer than a few centuries more. Mind you, if Africa continues to double in population every 25 years then she could control the whole world by 2200 - because who can possibly outvote 100 billion! To add to Orwell; we are all equal, but some are more equal….because they are more.
Taking time to write every day is important to me, even if I only read over what I wrote the day before. When I feel like I am stuck at a part of the story, I find writing some place different helps, such as the library or my local indie coffee shop. I don’t expect every day I’ll produce great stuff, but I can’t rewrite and revise what hasn’t been written.
A Happy Mothers Day to all (mothers day here in Ireland and the UK).
Okay, honesty time... I'm feeling extremely vulnerable in sharing this with you. Why? Because losing weight... the massive amount of weight I have to lose... is daunting, long-term and, well, because I have failed so, so many times before. In fact, I'm in a place Right Now that has some lying voice in my head screaming FAILURE!
* Now with 16 more references! A bit more information on Peckham Williams! A slightly more upbeat ending! Surely a reason to join the Brewery History Society if you haven't already.
We chose to elope for about a million reasons. (If only we could come up with a better word…) I’ve met so many frazzled brides who wanted to fast forward to the honeymoon. Others told me they planned the wedding their mothers wanted and, if they had to do it all again, they would elope in a heartbeat. For us, we wanted to keep the focus on the long road of our relationship. We wanted to plan a “marriage day” for just we two.
At this point I would have paid $1000 to make this problem go away so I texted a couple friends to get the numbers of people they'd used, actual professionals, who knew what the hell they were doing. One of these friends even came to my house armed with some of her supplies. Now THAT'S a friend! It meant the world to me. In the meantime I made an appointment with "The Lice Lady of Westchester" for the following morning. She told me over the phone exactly what I needed to do at home and talked me down from the ledge. I went to bed, feeling icky still, but hopeful for the first time in hours.
When we are trying to figure out how many diapers we've used and if a trip home is needed before we return those library books it can really be hard to think of something so mundane like the temperature in our car.
What does any of this have to do with a baking blog? Not a blessed thing.
THE HIGH SCHOOL IS NOW NAZI
I’ve loved books and writing since I was a child. I recently found a small picture book I wrote and illustrated for my younger siblings. I would rather have bought books than anything else—that hasn’t really changed! I published a few poems in local magazines and school collections. At university I studied English and Spanish. There was a period—from law school through my first six years of working—when I didn’t write creatively. I still read voraciously, however, and I gradually found my writing voice again.
To rich and poor alike, with lavish hand,
Thank you for stopping by. I've been so busy lately with work and the kids sports schedules. I miss visiting you and miss my studio. I have projects in the works though. I'll be back soon! Take care.
The UK has already observed this day several hours ago, when they traditionally mark the event with a moment of silence at precisely 11 a.m. Their sacrifice was particularly painful in losing almost a whole generation of young men during the war. Read More About "Britain Goes Silent."
Next time you go travelling, make sure that just as you arrive, you inwardly – outwardly if preferred, taking into account there may be people around you – speak to the Spirit of that place. Say your name and why you have come there and ask it to protect you and support you during your time, in matters of health, relationships, money-making, etc. And state that in return you will do what you can to help its people if called upon. Believe me, it works every time. You have set up a short-term contract with that place. A reciprocal one. I always thank the Spirit of the country when I leave.
It’s not that they’re being rude; actually it’s quite the opposite. You ask a question (e.g. What do you think of this outfit I just spend two hours putting together?) to which your German conversation partner will assume you’d like to hear the truth. Anything else would be illogical. So imagine your partner’s surprise when his honesty prompts a response of several indignant words, a couple of dismayed gestures and a good door slamming (of which Thomas may or may not have been the recent recipient of).
The queen tries every name she knows but all to no avail. She despatches messengers across the kingdom to hunt down unusual variations. Only on the third day, moments before the little man is due to appear, a messenger returns with a peculiar tale: on the very outskirts of the kingdom, he saw someone dancing a jig around a bonfire and singing of his unusual name: Rumpelstiltskin. The jubilant queen repels the little man by uttering his name. The man stamps his foot in fury, so hard that it sinks deep within the earth. Stamping his other foot, he rips himself apart. And that is the end of Rumpelstiltskin.
Please ignore the dirty stove. I'm a new mom.
I had this beautiful paper from Basic Gray in my stash (for like, forever) & I didn't want to cover up the beautiful print. In this case, less is definitely better! I stitched around the page, added a sheer green ribbon & topped it with a ribbon jewel. TA-DA!
And now, Ye Olde Historicale Fictione—
This is amazingly perceptive and truthful to me. It applies to story and it applies to drawing. Your first instinct when trying to solve a drawing problem or a hole in your story is to add layers of complexity. Oftentimes the best solution is really rather simple and involves removing complexity instead of adding it. And it's worth remembering that often the first solution we think of is the most complicated, but if we keep at it, examining the problem from different angles and trying different solutions, we can come up with a better solution that would have been impossible for us to see at the start.
Her teacher made a binder for each kid with all their work from the entire year, which I received today. It was so very cute. The report inside said for academics "she is spot on." But, then there are those behaviors. She cannot finish a project without many redirections. She has troubles focusing and staying on task. She is so easily distracted by her environment. Her little hands love to touch things, other people and are so very busy all the time. How, I ask, can I teach at home ways to improve these behaviors?
Add the pasta and vegetables to the pan. Toss and cook for another 2 minutes, until cooked through and the pasta is coated. Taste for seasoning, add salt if necessary and serve immediately in warm bowls, sprinkled with parm.
Secret Santa ... ABC Family ... 11 AM
I sat on the bookcase and gave tea to the women who interrupted the poem.
Then I joined my college orchestra. It was much smaller and included members from the community--older men and women who still enjoyed playing. We came together with the choir and played The Messiah every Christmas. I loved it.
Carolyn, an independent consultant with Thirty-One gifts, continues this month as a supportive sponsor as well! Please give her a huge thank you for the partnership!
Flight wonderful! Pup developed horrible migraine so waiting for the room wasn't easy for him. Had a quick lunch, finally got the room, and Pup slept all afternoon and night.
We lead life through three states of consciousness – waking, dreaming and sleeping. In the waking state of consciousness, we experience the world through the five senses, be it sight, smell, touch, hearing or taste. We seek elevation and joy from these senses.
Downfall’s account of the lengthy perjury trial last year runs to just 20 pages. Unsurprisingly, prosecution witnesses appear as paragons of the truth, unfairly slandered, while defence witnesses are packaged as obvious liars, their evidence “incredible” and “suspicious”.
After school on Friday I walked over to 127 Price Street to visit the site of his disappearance. I'm not sure why I wanted to go but I was hoping for some sense of something. I wanted to walk the path Etan walked. To imagine his thoughts. To remember him.
Weight wise I'm about 74.5 and food choices are getting better! Starting to exersize a bit more too.. Only 9.5 kilos off my goa! Woot!
The coffee maker died. This is the new one. I loved the old one, it was a thermos so the coffee stayed hot and never burned. The on/off switch finally bit the dust. It lasted a long time though. I'm pretty sure it predates the blog....OMG I missed my six year bloggiversary! That was May 19th. Crap, oh well happy belated bloggiversary to me. Anyway, we won that last coffee maker on a scratch off lottery ticket. That was another reason I loved it. So the other evening I said to Serge, "I'll walk the dog for you if you run over and get a new coffee maker. Try to get an insulated carafe kind again. " Then I handed him $40 thinking that would cover it and if he wanted to get fancy, he could chip in. Well what he came home with was what you see above. I can't get him to reveal how much it cost though I did drag out of him that it was over $200. The only thing you have to do is put water in, and empty the grounds basket. It's got a coffee bean grinder inside and the insulated carafe. Ooh and you can pour while it's brewing and it won't dribble out while you do that. We almost had an altercation over the price but Serge insisted it was the ONLY one available that had the thermos type carafe. The only bad thing is that it sure is dang loud when it grinds up those beans. I don't even need my alarm clock now.
Bacon bits
Coors Brewing Company Coors
Two random winners will be chosen on Friday February 24th. Good luck, my friends.
I don't think it will ever get old -- having a book accepted. As an author I put so much time and energy into the story that means a great deal when a book is accepted. I never take it for granted.
A good friend at work had these two little bibs below monogrammed for me.
275...a morning of treasure hunting and laughter with treasured friends
Ian Stewart - Bass
Thank you for your time and consideration, and I look forward to hearing from you.
Great Divide Brewing Company Double Wit
Watching the movie, I had the sense that Stillman may have packed the film with too much material. I could imagine him writing down inspiration over the past years for snippets of dialogue in the movie that cover the typical topics discussed by Stillman characters (decadence, proper/invented semantics, the stupidity of young love, etc.) Stillman manages to pack in tap dancing, frat culture, depression/suicide, Catharism, the arrogance of philanthropism, and more all into one film. Each idea on its own could be a movie! Some scenes were hilarious, though most were downright bizarre (the Catharism seems like a strange after thought, and a tap dancing musical number at first feels right in the movie...yet doesn't?) The film also had a strange imbalance of Stillman's usual high brow comedic dialogue and a sort of awkward attempt at a more commercial comedy (i.e. that whole thing with frat boys not knowing colors?!)
A few days ago I celebrated the Autumn Equinox. It was the first time I used my outdoor working circle, which is a weeping willow tree.
Verve Lucky man UK
Dear Chickens,
Cleaning the microwave has never been so easy and quick. And I know that what I used is completely SAFE! Love that feeling!
2) The one with serious commitment issues.
5He that overcometh, the same shall be clothed in white raiment; and I will not blot out his name out of the book of life, but I will confess his name before my Father, and before his angels.
when we all see you leaving
In his words, something inside of me ticked. And immediately, I felt a flash of defensiveness. But I stopped myself before I could say anything more. I just don’t get how those signs had resurface in font of my brother with so much clarity. While it took me more than three years to figure it out. I admit, there are just some things that were clearly beyond my understanding.
Other jewelry (including hairpin) – Thomas Knoell
The paper is from the DCWV Recycled Stack. I love that stack. I layered 4 flowers of decreasing sizes to create the flower and then added one of the K and Company fabric brads. I decided to wrap some twine around the box at the last minute. It just needed something. The sentiment is from PTI. I love that you can cut a window in the bag as well. It just looks so professional!
- Leg Press (15)
Use as Ribbon on a Gift
Initially the Counter Terrorism Officers pursued me like they were hunting an animal and trying to run it into the ground. They were acting on the orders of the Senior Investigating Office. I agreed to co-operate with the officers; I have nothing to hide. However, after the interrogators attempted to twist my statements to implicate me, and demanded I agree with the new twisted versions, I refused to be interviewed further.
Considering I have experiences on how to swallow, to hide my feelings, and how to act as my environment would like, this change will need .... Time, but I gave myself years to do it, this will be my 7 years mission, to learn to express my feelings, to communicate such I would like the world around me react me.
Very chocolatey. I like the texture of the chips in the drink. It gives you something to chew.
Marty: "I'm back! And my dad's tough and successful, my mom's hot and thin, my sister's popular with boys, and my brother's got a good job that requires a three piece suit!"
First stage is feverish anticipation. It starts a few years before you quit work. You begin to identify the symptoms of restlessness, wishing, day-dreaming, sometimes for years before you are quite ready to take the jump, talking and ruminating, and planning, and occupying your leisure hours with factoring how and when and where you can retire.
8. Once in a night
My legacy isn't my kids. That is too much and unfair to put on anyone. My legacy is me. My kids don't have to be better, smarter, and more than me. They should be allowed to be themselves. I was allowed to be what I am, I must allow them to make their way in this world too, just like me and their mother found our way. Anything I want my kids to do I should do and if they see the value they will emulate but if they don't it is OK too.
The carp fisherman of the 1950′s had different requirements to the usual float angler, the Oxo tin was the perfect size to take a selection of hooks, numerous weights and spools of line. Just like the carp scene now, fashions prevail, so once the Oxo tin was seen in a few Redmire photographs the tin and specimen hunter became common place on the water’s edge for another decade in search of Leney’s.
Most striking are Monet’s deeply saturated lavendars, lilacs and mauves, while his greens have a surreal luminosity. At times the pink water lilies, tiny sugared cupcake confections, anchor a painting; at others they glow like floating candles on the canvas. And the elaborateness of the gilted frames, heavily carved and decorated with swirls and curlicues, enhance instead of detract from the heavenly paintings.
Then there are those moments when we shove the dishes into the dishwasher and slam the pot down on the counter wishing that someone would recognize what we do. It may not be Nobel prize worthy, but this is our life’s service we’re talking about! This is self-sacrificing. This is humbling. This is always putting others first!
Many women have made the choice without having all the information. Some have decided to go ahead with termination despite hearing the heartbeats. The church’s proper response: grace. Let’s do what we can to save these children through reason, but be just as concerned with offering saving grace to their mothers no matter what decisions they’ve made.
Made me stand out from the safe and grey and timid.
Jerome Lamaar, GIVING FASHION! As you can see this is the week where people are super creative and have a blast with fashion. For those that dont know this is the former designer for Baby Phat, in the good days! Now he is currently creating his own line we will keep you in loop!
but what you build up.
my antique mall booth, but I am super thrilled
Dawn Sokol I'm not really sure because I've tried many things. I enjoy beeswax, which I'd like to do more of. I think I'd like to try working more with fabric and/or stitching, but I just need to find the time!
Androids will be the miraculous throughout cell technologies so we trust this particular gadget will march ahead.
Henson, his wife and children crossed the Niagara River in October 1830, setting foot in the Province of Upper Canada where they effectively became free. Wishing to help his fellow escaped slaves, Josiah used money he had raised in the four years after arriving in Canada to found a two-hundred acre self-sufficient community in Dawn Township, near Dresden in Kent County. Over five hundred people lived at the Dawn Settlement, which exported black walnut to the United States and Britain.
Cadbury’s Chocolate bars 3.5-4oz 2/$2.98
Pours a tinged straw color in my NORTH CAROLINA 2009 NCAA BASKETBALL NATIONAL CHAMPION mug. I last had this beer in a sampler, but on its own I imagine it will be a little better. Strong poofy white head. Has a kind of Munich malt smell and German noble hop thing going on. Think of those random green bottle German beers (link) you get at the liquor store, just without the long plane ride to the states. Taste has a nice syrupy sweetness to it characteristic of a bock. Totally messes with your head considering the light color. Low carbonation a lightly hopped. Seems like they have it down. High 3 Star. Fantastic purity law beer.
Now the Archbishop is protesting the insignificant and mostly elderly CCCR, but he'd probably be better off getting rid of those people who say they are Catholic and work for him. This is most quixotic since the Archbishop assigned the homosexual enabling pastor of the Basilica to oversee the parish closings this winter, but still, they weren't even publicly admonished for allowing a Reform Rabbi to "preach" on Good Friday from the ambo. The homosexual enabling pastor of the Basilica was permitted to close one of the parishes offering the Immemorial Mass of All Ages at St. Augustine's parish in the Archdiocese.
I counted about a dozen. Standing in the beer garden, shivering like a cold 23 year old in a beer garden at midnight, I watched as more and more stars came into my field of vision, the result of me walking away from the motion-flood lights and my eyes adjusting. And then came the show. I was only out for 10 minutes, silently sipping my Leffe blonde and staring up. First 1 shooting star, so feint I thought I'd turned my head too quickly and just seen a blur of a star. But then they came thick and fast, bright and clear, proud as anything. I cried.
Eleven Poems to Change Your Life.
Therman Conservatory Story
Sadly, Michael Barry died last year at the age of 69. I remember him well from the BBC Food and Drink programme which we watched regularly.
I wrapped the little baby boy's gift in a homemade nautical themed bag. I used a simple brown bag, cut out an anchor from scrapbook paper, a fish from leftover fabric, and a strand of ribbon, and glued all items to the front. I finished it off with some frayed fabric and a strand of ribbon.
For two years I had been writing for just a few people, very rarely receiving any comments. It was only when I came across British Mummy Bloggers (now BritMums) that I found a parenting blogging community doing the same thing that I was doing. What a revelation: I found other bloggers whose work I admired and they found me. Over the last few years I have continued to write about our family travels, my am-dram activities and living with a teenage boy. And now, in 2012, I've been nominated for two awards. That feels bloody marvellous.
The show runs through September 5, 2010 and it feels like a dream come true for me.
12x12 Wild Wasabi Cardstock
It was presented to me in a typical 'cleft stick' by a District Messenger sent out by the District Commissioner in Lundazi. As I was still on the strength of the King's African Rifle's Reserve in Nyasaland, I was misguided enough to think that my services were urgently required to defend the Empire. Without further thought and in spite of the fact that I had already done a long patrol that day starting at dawn and arriving at Msekeni's village after noon, where the DC's messenger caught up with me, I packed a haversack and prepared to trek to Lundazi, nearly eighty miles away, where I had left my motor vehicle a month ago....
Hey kids! You wanna fly through space? Wanna hold game controllers in a way that suggests you've never played a video game before in your life? Then you'll want to play a system designed by Jeremy Megason IV: The Super Megason IV! The only video game system built by astronauts at NASA!
I use Bonne Maman Confiture- raspberry , which is perfectly fine for the job.You will need to find a decent, rich-tasting rasberry jam.
Hopefully this post has gone up without a glitch as we are still traipsing around on holiday. Thanks for all the lovely comments on my previous posts, will be back to read your blogs again soon :)
So, this weekend, we had our very first slumber party, because I'm a cheap bastard and didn't want to take everyone to Main Event or Austin Park and Pizza or whatever else the hell is the going rate of cool for the third-grade set.
It supports all IE versions from 1 to 8, simply download and run its installer, during the installation process, it will let you select the versions that you wish to install. Choose the versions as per your requirement and then click Next to resume with the installation.
Moving so far out of sight
And while the sin of Adam and Eve … our sin … brought death into this present world, note what’s absent in the new heaven and the new earth …
With 30 minutes left on the clock, AW the Alchemist threw in his last ♠ , Nicklas “Wald Bezt” Bendtner.
8. "Subvert City" – 4:14
Trish and I are doing an RV trip later this month, staying on the south rim 3 nights and another 3 nights at Dead Horse Ranch State Park near Cottonwood. I've stayed on the north rim 3 times, have never stayed on the south - just spent a couple hours there after the hike. The south rim didn't float my boat: too touristy, too noisy, too busy. Compared to the quiet, idyllic setting of the north rim and Phantom Ranch, the south rim was just a shopping mall with a view.
Black organizations ignored Dr. Garner. The NAACP sued, and local Rev. Cecil Williams threatened a race war — as if the race war were not already in progress.
High Lord. Out.
And that’s not to say that food shortages can’t hit the developed world either.
An incredulous rebuff perfect of pointing out the mistakes or incorrect assumptions of others.
Best wishes with your personal challenges today.
Chris looked up at the bell tower, still hearing the echoes of the fifth bell. Before he could ask more, David interrupted him.
57. Let's Scare Jessica To Death
Karl: I’m confused
We cannot possibly mention this farmer’s name, nor where he farms. Suffice it to say it is in the North West Province. We telephoned him with regard to reports we had heard about the continual and relentless theft he experiences on his farm. He answered the telephone in a soft voice. We thought he was ill, and asked him if we could call back. No, he said, I’ll talk to you now. He confirmed the nearly R350 000 worth of theft he had experienced in one year. We asked him about an attack on his person some years ago, and how was he managing today. Yes, he said, I was stabbed several times in the throat with a long spike. Hence his difficulty in speaking - his vocal chords had been damaged. Stunned, we said goodbye and put down the phone.
Why don't you join in on the fun - you'll love the sketches at the Midnight Madness, the design team there is talented and oh so friendly. Beyond the challenge though, I know I'll be returning to this sketch many times to come. Thanks Priscilla!
Have you played here lately? If so, please add your comments on how you played this hole.
I lived in Auburn, Alabama for 21 years, most of my adult life. I played bass and/or guitar in several highly unsuccessful (yet totally honest) bands, became friends with many more bands, and bore witness to still more (including the infamous Hickey performing nude at an impossibly sweltering house show one July many years ago with local freaks Sham-Poo-Poo). My roommate (Clay) and I hosted house shows for about 6 years, and along with several other willing accomplices about town, we kept a small but thriving, established underground scene afloat through the end of the '90's. There were pretty good scenes developed in most of the major cities around the state, and we mostly did our best to promote each other. Well, starting in around '98, the city started to crack down on the scene. The Fuzz routinely invited themselves to shows, and Auburn's house show culture was snuffed out. Many of the bands faded away, but several soldiered on. The future is in doubt, as most of the folks making music now have been the same ones doing it for years and years. I was seeing fewer and fewer young bands before I moved away.
nor that had not been captured by some semi experienced helper, I didn't want to let any of you down.
Gen 11:6: And the LORD said, Behold, the people is one, and they have all one language; and this they begin to do: and now nothing will be restrained from them, which they have imagined to do. 7 Go to, let us go down, and there confound their language, that they may not understand one another’s speech.
Our pastor commented here that fear can be paralyzing, and that the fear of the unknown is especially disabling. And, he went a step further to say that many people choose to stay in some terrible but known place over choosing the unknown.
Christmas Spirits, both ancient and present keep your silence, the living seek you out…
Time sure pass fast! January is coming to an end soon~ Here's some stuffs I got and I forgot to actually blog about it! Hahahaa Pffffft my hair faded back into blonde. TADAAA. Hahaha!
Dreams in our earlier years often came to naught. They couldn’t compete for our attention as effectively as the self-pity. The direction they offered was lost. Each day that we look forward with positive anticipation, we put the wreckage of the past farther from our minds.
8) The Batshitcrazy World of Rahad Jackson and Sister Christian - Now there are a lot of great scenes in Boogie Nights. Okay, pretty much all of them. But even with all this greatness (and this from a guy who hated the film on first sight!?), there is one scene that goes bananas over all of them - batshitcrazybananas! That scene is near the end when Dirk, Reed and Todd go to coke dealer Rahad Jackson's pad in order to (stupidly, mind you) rob the noted maniac. Alfred Molina's one-scene cameo performance as the maniacal Jackson, and his rendition of Night Ranger's Sister Christian, is pure cinematic bravura. In other words - batshitcrazy!
Regardless of the Tea Party movement, the EDL must support Israel. If the Islamists destroyed Israel, which basically would mean the death of around six million Jews, this would be an incredible boost to Islamism throughout the world as well as providing an utterly kuffar-free Middle East. Make no mistake. Once Hamas has destroyed the Jews, it would then get to work on the Christians of Gaza and the West Bank. Indeed it already has! (Homosexuals and atheists have little chance - even today.)
So the bedroom is taking shape and my thoughts have turned to the lighting we are going to have. Its quite a big room so we are thinking that we need something quite statement. Here are few that have caught my eye!
When I have tried to be "nice" bad, really horrible things happen to me and to those I love. So to the world at large I say..... I'm an Asshole! WIPE ME you MF'ers.
In an interview with Coach Tyson after the practice, one quickly get a sense of his background and prowess in the game of basketball. A champion at every level, he states this year indeed will be a fun season.
Silvía is also equally hated and loved throughout Iceland.
First Wort-Nugget 2#
Pockets of London went into lockdown Tuesday, with shops closing, a surge of 16,000 police officers taking to the streets and helicopters buzzing overhead as a stunned Britain began running the calculus of the worst civil disturbances to rock the nation in a generation.
I loved the quote they added to the picture, which she had said previously in an interview, stating how she doesn’t want to be skinny or on the front of playboy, etcetera, but recognised for her talent and songwriting abilities – which as we all know she has clearly has been, after the release of ’21′.
I promise, Elle, to stay angry.
“The motion of an aircraft through the air can be explained and described by corporeal principals discovered over 300 years ago by Sir Isaac Newton.” This illustrated, hyperlinked episode created by Nasa introduces Newton’s Laws of motion and how they apply to aviation. The grade-level buttons (labeled 6-8, 9-12, and 11-12) link to linked worksheets, activities, and quizzes. Stay on the Newton Guided Tour by navigating with the Next and old buttons, or jump to a new section by visiting the colored buttons (such as Kite Index or Model Rocket Index.)
Lately, I’ve been making a lot of comfort foods. Comfort foods for me do not involve sweets or chocolate or bread or pasta. No, for me, comfort food means fried and crunchy.
A restlessness in me. What is it, Lord?
Ok back to the fool’s joke. Come April 1st, rent day, I thought to myself “Hmmmm, I am gonna scare my landlord in believing that I am stiffing her on some of this months rent.” Now granted she has had past tenants that have completely skipped out on paying rent and she has had some very horrendous tenants in the past, that’s why I have to pay with a money order or cashiers check each month. So what I did was split the rent into two equal cashiers checks. I wrote a note explaining that I am only going to pay half of the rent for the month of April as I am taking the other half away for the landscaping I did. I placed it in the envelope and proceeded to walk up to her door to place it in the mailbox, then my phone rang…
WOW…. COMPELLINGLY AWESOME…. FAVORITE OF THE NIGHT….. THIS WOMAN IS A REAL GRITTY, BLUESIE, ROCK PERFORMER …. a combination of Kim Carnes, Janis Joplin, Pat Benatar, Tina Turner, Mary J…… She showed so much attitude, confidence, command of the band, with this performance… and PS..loved the duet with Stevie in the coaching session. Standing O…. Is it possible that this “older” woman could win this thing?????
How I will turn over in bed, to face him,
5. Let the popcorn cool right down before you eat it, otherwise things will get seriously sticky.
Refrigerator Yeast Rolls
And today is Saturday!! The weather is going to be splendid, and we're going for a hike with the single parent group today. There's also the Earth Day hoo-ha downtown that we may check out, and lots of yard work, bracelet work and laundry folding to do. Yes, the laundry was gracious enough to wait for me. At least the pile of clothes that was on my hamper is now in the queue and being washed and dried.
I guess it could be good for designated drivers or something, but then they only get to enjoy the night in various 5-second windows of drunkenness. That doesn’t really sound all that enjoyable.
Last Easter Bennet got her head stuck in the wrought iron fence at G&G Sweeney's. Not surprised. I wanted to create the look of a fence/jail so I took a bunch of thin paper strips and stitched a black box around the photos. (The Unpleasant Side of Life Challenge at Inspired to Scrap)
And last but not least a big thankyou to Lynette at My Lens and My photography. At the Camp mojo weekend I had a mini session with her - now normally I am the one behind the camera in this house and there aren't too many photo's with me in it...hence the photo session..... and she has worked wonders with that camera and computer of hers - I do love it :) ..... another sneak peak of one of the photo's - the rest are winging their way to me as we speak from sunny Queensland - if you are close to her and want some awesome shots - look her up :)
For many who visit New York City, a Katz Pastrami on Rye is the definitive food item which represents the very best the city has to offer. It is the embodiment of culinary pride in the foods of our Jewish heritage. In my opinion, once you’ve visited Katz, the city becomes a part of you, and you become a little bit Jewish and a little bit New Yorker, no matter where you’re from or how you grew up.
Anyway, due to having to dissect our fetal pig, my lab partner and I named our pig Daisy. We become very bonded to her, despite having to examine all her poor little innards. She was no longer “the fetal pig” but Daisy. The one and only. And even though she never got a real chance at life, we decided that we would let her know how much she meant to us. We talked to her…she knew about our highschool crushes, our desires, our sadness and she listended. Boy did she listen. She never judged, not once. She was a true hero and to this day I am forever grateful to Daisy. She became a really good friend and taught us so much.
Broadly-speaking Eagleman reduces these factions to the rational and the emotional but he admits that there will be many more involved. He does this a lot in the book as you might expect; looks for simple examples and illustrations to make his points. And he manages it quite effectively.
Oh hi LL Cool J. You hosted the Grammy's and now you're at the Country Music Awards. Are you the new music ambassador for CBS or something?
9. My biggest guilty pleasure is magazines. Like, it's a problem. I have way too many and need to purge badly! (Don't worry, I'm not a hoarder.)
I thought about my mom and how this would be her first Mother's Day without her mother.
late and soon,
laters x
Kyle S: I’m a nerd guy and always dreamed of dating a Hot Nerd Girl. How does one go about finding a HNG and how would one approach said HNG? Being an HNG yourself, I’m sure you have much unique insight that could help all Nerd Guys everywhere.
Well, until the next recipe that I think is the best recipe in the world. But for now, this one dominates.
Is the Arab Spring a movement leading to more freedom and equal rights?
* Patrick, owner of The Meadows florists bought in interesting low key arrangements rather than grand extravaganzas: "Flowers should look like they are here all the time."
And just to throw an outfit of the day picture in, here's what I wore to Anthro on Saturday night:
So what’s the moral of the story here? Time is my enemy; the only thing standing in the way of me and my goal to reduce using water. Knowing this now, I can go into week two with a clearer picture of how to go about it: time management and discipline. Simple right? Let’s hope so!
Saturday saw four matches that all ended in draws with all of them having goals that were scored in the dying moments of the match. The latest of these goals was Pablo Pallante’s 94th minute penalty for Cobresal which saw them share the points with Colo Colo. In the day’s other matches Unión La Calera drew 1-1 with Palestino with Huachipato and La Serena along with Audax Italiano and Cobreloa also sharing the points with same scoreline. Like their northern rivals, Cobreloa had to rely on a late goal with Felipe Flores equalising in the 91st minute after Audax Italiano had opened the scoring in the first minute courtesy of Gabriel Rodríguez. This was after los italianos had spent the more than an hour playing with ten men after Christian Martínez picked up his second yellow card in the 25th minute.
Zip Records 1980
My first post, “And Then I Discovered Hulu”, violated the rules against personal narrative, but because it was my first post, I thought I would introduce my personal television experience and myself to the audience. I chose that title because it was relatable and would therefore grab the audience’s attention. I was a bit unorganized in my first couple of blog posts as blogging was a completely new experience for me, but I soon got the hang of it. Every post required multiple revisions, but it was worth the effort.
iii) making those companies ineligible for federal grants or guaranteed loans who relocate their call centers overseas.
-”Where?”
She doesn't cuddle into me anymore, unless the sun is in her eyes and she wants to shield herself. She's all Miss Independent.
In his book Memoirs, published in 2002, David Rockefeller, Sr. stated that his family had been attacked by “ideological extremists” for “more than a century… Some even believe we are part of a secret cabal working against the best interests of the United States, characterising my family and me as ‘internationalists’ and of conspiring with others around the world to build a more integrated global political and economic structure – one world, if you will. If that’s the charge, I stand guilty, and I am proud of it.” That’s it!
Morello: Who designed it?
Racked: 06-08-2009
Two images now -
Speaking of making it easy, a short and sweet PDF of performer information goes a LONG way in getting booked. What I dislike most is receiving emails with no pictures, no video links, and simply, "I really would like to perform at your show etc etc. My acts are XYZ." One can talk the talk, but I need to see you walk that walk! Images and clips are critical. I DO look at everything everyone sends me, and video clips are especially important. It doesn't need to be fancy or lit magnificently. I look for the following qualities:
Don’t get me wrong, I am sure that Valentine’s Day, much like Christmas, is a terrible day to be single if you don’t want to be single. But it seems silly to call it “Singles Awareness Day” as if suddenly on February 14th you wake up and realize you are single. Some of my best friends are single, some with kids and some without, and they are some of the strongest, bravest, making the world a better place kind of women. And truth be told, sometimes in my selfish depths…I envy them a little bit.
Jurlique makes the best exfoliating scrub I’ve ever tried – it smells like breakfast (oatmeal, honey, a hint of something tart) and your skin feels amazingly smooth (but not raw) after. It also leaves me with this zingy, glowing feeling. I can only describe it as sheer awesomeness.
I was one of the lucky ones who loved the vast majority of my pregnancy. Not enough to want to do it 18 more times, but certainly a few more. It's been suggested that maybe it's because of my loss history, and I'm certain that plays a role. But luck also has a lot to do with it, and I was very lucky in terms of symptoms and health. The last few days before she was born were pretty miserable, but it was hot and I was huge and sore. The fact that I only suffered a small percentage of the 40 weeks, though, shows how very lucky I was.
DECKER MD, SCHAFFNER W. Immunization of hospital personnel and other health care workers. Infect Dis Clin North Am 1990; 4: 211-221.
NEXT IN LINE: Season of the Witch.
Go to a concert at Sainte Chapelle. This could theoretically still happen. What's more, this is the perfect time of year since the concerts are held in the evening and it's still light now until almost 10 o'clock and one could appreciate the light coming through those amazing stained glass windows while appreciating the music.
Another source said the three-week basic course was "nowhere close to that for a professional fire service".
your kingdom come,
Use rejection letters as talismans or as wallpaper, believe they give you strength.
So “Faćo: The Untold Sories” is a work of fiction.
Any future things planned?
Boy, what better homeschool day could we ask for?! Nonetheless, mean mother that I am, once everything calmed down, I still made the kiddos do their normal lesson before going back out to play. I cleaned up all the stuff used today, put all the beef into the freezer, and came in here to rest and type. For the record, of all days to be on a day-trip, S had a work trip today that put him up in the mountains with no phone or reception or way to contact him. I can’t wait for him to get home tonight and share in our excitement. I’ve also decided that he owes me a dinner and movie date for overcoming my fears and catching his swarm for him! Furthermore, for once in my life, I kind of felt like a real “super-mom” today!
I'm also contemplating these adorable shoes which are only sold online. I just don't know if I need EIGHT pieces from this line, haha!
Ack! No fun, but it feels so good when you're done. If you get some audio books to listen to, you'll find yourself not wanting to stop. I suggest Divergent, Pandemonium, The False Princess-all very welll done.
For months we waited. In December we called the DIAC to find out what was going on, only to be informed that “due to the difficulties with people applying for same visa from Thailand (due to the floods) we would need to wait for an answer”. Okay, so people in Thailand got their waiver condition waivered because of floods. That in understandable, but then we heard nothing again…
This is a long, involved story and quite boring, so I'll give you the Reader's Digest version. There's an on-line software that the school district uses to allow parents to monitor their child's grades. Most teacher will update it daily or a couple times a week with homework, labs, test and quizzes. And it will give you an instantaneous grade snapshot. We've been using it for years and have never had a problem until this year's math class. The 1st marking period, we noticed the software indicated an A+ but for daily entries, it listed "X" or "1". He ended up with a "B" for the marking period. The 2nd marking period was more of the same, only this time he ended up with an "F". Every other class gives number grades and an equivalent letter grade. And for the 2nd marking period, The Pudge had A+, A+, A, A, A-, B+...and an F.
Believing that “it’s all about the journey,”
There are more detailed ideas to think about in this section of the Fifth Gate file listed in helpful tools.
He ages each piece to a convincing patina
January 18, 2004, with International Action Center; USA;
I've been feeling stressed out the last couple of days. I have some issues with depression and anxiety and as I was working on this page, I was thinking about how even in the midst of those struggles, my creativity is there to carry me through--even in the midst of darkness, creativity blooms.
This group created a custom map for the bachelorette party invitation and asked guests to RSVP to receive more details at a later date - but our guess is the map includes some of the anticipated activities!
Hi there! Welcome to Day 2 of the February Waltzingmouse Stamps Previews. Claire will be releasing NINE stamp sets on, February 29th. Today Claire and many of the DT members will be sharing projects made featuring Nordic Spring and Florentine Frippery.
I thought I was doing well...... all of my pants have been loose especially in my rear end.... including my jeans that have been too tight.
The Forest of Hands and Teeth, like any good horror movie (or Buffy), uses the threat (here, zombies) as a metaphor. Mary wrestles with questions about life and love, about asking questions or staying happy with the status quo of her life. The walking dead represent both Mary's fears and her limited choices.
Being able to stay with paradox – similar to Keats' negative capability – requires the maturity to recognise that we do not, actually, live in a black-and-white world in which everything is certain and clean lines are drawn, but one in which everything ultimately is part of everything else. In this, I can recognise as co-existing within myself my ability to love and my ability to cause harm; my need to be right and my awareness that there is no one right way. I can see that thinking without feeling is arid and dangerous but feeling without thinking is flaccid and, in a different way, also dangerous. I know that as a woman I have a masculine component, just as a man has a spark of the feminine in him. (You will recognise the yin/yang symbol in the crop circle image above: this is the elegant symbolic expression of the fact that every apparent pole contains the other within it.)
Apparently, well-trained runners were taking ice baths before the race and dunking their heads into tubs of ice during the race. A runner from Kenya beat the heat and the rest of the runners. “Wesley Korir took the men’s first-place title, claiming the first-place prize of $150,000. Korir finished in 2 hours, 12 minutes and 40 seconds.” ‘It was very important to me to take water, to take fluids, to hydrate as often as possible, even if it led to falling off the pace at times. It’s hot. Too hot. In case you don’t know that,’ Korir said after the race.”
From the classics (other than Austen’s works), I love Jane Eyre. The first time I read it, I was blown away with Mr. Rochester’s transformation and the revealing of his wife’s insanity.
But the beauty in all of this is the trying,
In part 3 of my exploration of collaborative structures for open innovation I’ll be forming the questions that will frame the generation of ideas. Using the productive thinking process, I have already taken a very quick look at the general concept of open innovation and what a successful collaboration might look like. Today’s discussion will set the stage for a creative exploration of our challenge:
I haven’t written about love in approximately four to five years. I used to do this; it used to come naturally. For some reason, I stopped. Maybe I stopped myself and eventually found no reason to do so. Whatever my reasons were years ago, they were enough to keep my hands off my keyboard when it came to writing and love.
I cut the base card using the cricut then distressed it using Tim Holtz distress inks I then stamped over this using my tapestry stamp a wee little butterfly, added a second layer using Dp from Bearlymine Designs vintage and added some stickles to this but cant seem to get a good photo where it shows up, third layer is once again distressed and stamped text on it, added the flourishes, card candy and WOC flowers to the body of the butterfly, finishing off with a few pearls to each wing
“Now I am mentally relaxed and my family members are also with me,” said Laxmi, who beamed as she held up the document for photographers. She plans to continue her education in hopes of landing a job so she can maintain her independence. But Laxmi’s newfound freedom comes with risk.
I’ve given these women a fifth of my time, a fifth of my toil, and a fifth of my tears.
At this point I am not thinking about Neely, only the pressure to hurry.
That’s where the Manchester Graduate Internship Programme (MGIP) comes in. This is a University organised scheme that finds placements for graduates within the Greater Manchester region. The placements are all paid (minimum £1000 per month), and last between 4 and 12 months. These are a brilliant way of gaining graduate level experience and getting a taste of the particular sector you think you might be interested in.
As I got older,the belting’s got harder and harder to swallow. Over a period of 10 years, they had become routine. I came to expect them and I was rarely stood up. As I approached my teenage years and the end of primary school, the belting’s tapered off. More yelling and screaming took up the slack. As a substitution for the belt, personal insults became popular. In the years between the ages of 10 and 15 my self-esteem took a battering that would take me another 10 years to repair. Maybe it was the adolescent hormones setting in but I remember in my late childhood and early teens, a handful of occasions where I would sit on the floor in my room at the end of my bed and cry. Not just a sniff sniff shed a tear or two cry, but that full body wracking with despair cry. The ones that make you think it will never end, as if there is a bottomless pit of sorrow within your body in the place where your soul should reside. On more than one of these occasions, I wished I were dead. It wasn’t an actual contemplation of suicide, I didn’t put any thought into how I would kill myself or when I would do it. It was just a general overwhelming sadness that felt so heavy that I wanted to not exist anymore so I wouldn’t have to feel this way ever again.
5. Tag eleven people and link them on your post.
John Booth, Team Principal for Marussia added: “We will be hoping for a more consistent day tomorrow so we can even up the balance in terms of mileage and feedback to ensure we are as prepared as possible for when we field the full upgrade package in Barcelona.”
Saturday night we headed out to celebrate a couple friend’s birthdays with dinner and some bowling. Even though I’m the worst bowler there is – we still had fun! Whoever thought of making an upscale bowling alley is a genius. Bowling is always fun (at least for 1.5 games – after that I check out!), but through in some cool lighting and decorations and all the sudden it’s a totally different ball game.
BTW1 - On the cassette cover, I'm pretty sure I can spot an extra fret bar on his guitar (at the far right of the photo), which lets him hit the quarter-tone pitches when he needs them.
For comparison, using mean world temperature data, the hottest years on record are, in order of maximum extreme temperature:
in her lip gloss
Splash of Worcester sauce/ hendersons relish
That may, indeed, be the real reason the Speaker Sivakumar was forced out of the State Assembly, his black Speaker’s Robes may have annoyed the Fashion Police, while the State Assembly reps were dressed in white. Ganesan’s robes, on the other hand, did not seem black enough to offend.
Authoritarian parents run their families like dictatorships. Uninvolved parents are neglectful. Think "Anna" and "Zoe" from Choosing Your Guide. These are the extremes, and pretty easy to pick out. Any other category is much more complicated.
Let me show you the way
- It's just about New York Fashion Week time, so everyone on Twitter is at fever pitch getting ready. I'm not going this season, because I knew that February in New York would be difficult, but I'm excited to see what comes up! NYMag has the entire NYFW schedule here.
Super easy and super tasty!
Traffic
Liam Moore, a passenger, said everybody was ‘really shaken up’.
slowly the wind started to wane. still, i sat in the tent, clutching my baby, rocking her, and crying.
Last week was spent on more felt business. I had to finish stitching the backing on the large underwater piece and get it ready to hang. I was submitting it to a juried fiber art show in West Hartford. The show is titled 'Out of the Loop' and is put on by the West Hartford Art League. It was stressful for a few reasons; driving down toward Hartford and getting lost for an hour being just two of them. I am happy to be able to say that my work was accepted along with the work of three of my good friends from the Northeast Feltmakers Guild. Go Felters!! I am also still working at getting the four pieces that are going to be in the Wesleyan Potters annual show and sale ready for exhibit. I find that I can not attend to that boring finish work for very long. I also am good at procrastinating at things like that when I think I have plenty of time. I am a bit more motivated since last week though. I added to my own stress because what I thought was plenty of time to finish sewing the backing was not. After I finished sewing I hung the piece and it no longer hung flat. I wound up finishing the sewing at the gallery. How unprofessional is that! Ah Well...live and hopefully learn.
It honestly has a great sense of humour, great timing, very few of the jokes fall flat, SO much bromance, it’s great. On top of that, as someone who went to an all-boy’s school, the scenarios presented aren’t as far out as they seem and in some regards it was really quite nostalgic.
The ADI Spirits Conference Theme, Whiskey & Rum, addresses virtually every issue along the critical path to creating a quality whiskey or rum product. The larger picture, inclusive of all spirits, addresses everything from permitting and financing, to marketing and distribution.
Of course, the film is also stacked with one delightful comic set piece after another, delivered with the sure hand of a director and performer at the very peak of his talent. Especially marvelous is the boxing match, which has a fluidity and grace to it that couldn't be more different from the crude slapstick violence with which Chaplin started his career at Keystone Studios; here, the boxers really seem to be dancing, a three-way dance that involves a referee who insists on sticking himself right in between the fighters, who trade blows by craning their arms around the other man. The sense of movement here is exhilarating, as the boxers twirl around, sometimes changing "partners" so that one of them is actually squaring off against the referee instead of one another.
Sebastian: Damn that's a good question. Not really though. I mean, yeah I screwed up and I've done some dumb stuff, but I'm not really the type to get embarrassed. Especially with my friends. We're tight like that. We can give each other shit and know we'd still do anything for each other. WE don't take stuff seriously like that.
Unemployment was low for most of the 8 years preceding the President, with historical lows. Bush's second term ended with an extremely sharp increase to 7.2%. The President can not be blamed for what he inherited, but unemployment has been setting all kinds of records, such as number of months (38) above 8%, and the average unemployment length of +40 weeks. That is what you will get when you pay unemployment benefits for up to 99 weeks.
The Boy in the Suitcase by Lene Kaaberbol and Agnet Friis (audio)
Some are going to be a very literal interpretation of my feelings and thoughts, and others will be my own symbolic imagery of what each season means to me.
This is a picture of the sunset taken yesterday, on the other side of the Serangoon River. The actual scene was actually much brighter. I selected the Sunset scene mode to capture the warm colors. It was a very cloudy day and the true colors on scene was rather dull.
Ruby Walsh
Many pieces are Customizable - for the pendants, the customer gets to choose the Type of button they use as the focal point of the necklace (Available in Oak Wood, Apple Wood and Juniper Wood ) as well as a color for the large bead. (I chose Lavender and Juniper)
But last night he held me so tight while we cried, both of us together, both of apologizing for so many years of lies and broken promises from both of us. I feel my strength wavering. It has been nearly a week now with no yelling and all this tender communication. He is emailing me. He has never done that before, not like this, not these beautiful heart-felt words. I’m so afraid my heart won’t listen to my head, and will let him in again. Will believe he can change. Will believe I can love him.
This is but a sampler of the full guide, which can be found in the back of the latest edition of my book, A Town Like Paris (available in all good bookstores ...). And while it attempts to give a flavour of the wonderful eating establishments in Paris, it is certainly not an exhaustive list. Great eating experiences hover on just about every Parisian corner- it's one of the great joys of living here.
For now anyway. I am going to sleep now. Tomorrow is a stressful day that starts out with a visit to one of my favorite places – the dentist. Yeay.
First, I am deeply moved by the love, commitment and creativity to help honor our plight and support our fight. Thank you all so much and I apologize to all of my friends who I have not responded to as of yet. We all are overwhelmed here in Tucson and I need a new email system for organizing all the love. Muchismas gracias y Tlazocamatli.
-Store List-
Dorie's Rugelach
1. Jumpin' Jack Flash
will be accepted on my altar;
It was not the politicians, with their compromise and ploys, who won for us the freedom that our Nation now enjoys.
Despite the B-24 being a less idolized plane a veteran Dell Kenyon was standing outside the Nine-O-Nine waiting to tell his story. He flew a total of 29 complete missions and had flown on the Nine-O-Nine, although he switched planes many times. His last mission on another B-24 was cut short because it was shot down.
and since it's not all about the containers and about presentation, those eaters still need nutrition. use what that eater will eat and put it in everything...for sofia, it was sweet baby ray's bbq sauce. for some it's cereal.
17 The disciples knew this might be their last chance to ask Jesus questions about his gospel, and so they asked "Lord, you have commanded us to care for the sick. How should we best do this? By working to heal and cure? By delivering meals to those who are ill and their families? By visiting them in their illness, and praying for their health and peace?" 18 Jesus replied "Oh, those things are fine, but really, all you need to do is raise AWARENESS of the illness. Wear pink. Tell the world the color of the bra you are wearing. Pin a red ribbon to your chest. Put an Autism puzzle magnet on the back of your car. Everyone will understand if you don't actually want to be around people who are sick. They can be gross!"
We've walked under the motorway lights and I've counted the footsteps to her door,
The work days have been long, so after work I've had more than one evening of simply resorting to a microwave dinner. Last night was different. I walked downtown and found a restaurant. Took forever to get service, but the food was alright (not worth writing home about, but OK), and once I agreed to show ID I even got a pint of lager beer.
1 – 1 Walcott (37)
The best defense is a good offense!
Sky Garden 1:44:400
The answer was always more of a justification than a real reason. A set of excuses, if you will, that explained away the phenomenon, but didn’t really explain it.
I started by painting the frame with pistachio, when this was dry I brushed some Eco Green Glue over the front of the frame and then covered this with clam shell, I dried it with my heat gun to form the cracked effect, then I used my finger to paint some weathered wood Distress ink over the cracks. You can't tell from the photo that I've put some butterfly tissue tape over the sides of the frame.
I LIVE IN ITALY
Vivacious, gorgeous, intelligent and bedecked with both jewels and men (one often contingent upon the other), Paulette Goddard led one of the most fascinating lives during Hollywood’s Golden Age. Upon the 101st (or 100th or even the 106th, depending on what source one accepts) anniversary of her birth, I’d like to bring to light a few interesting facts about the comely and much married star that you might not know.
But truly I feel like running off to Paris, rushing down a street in the chill wind, walking through a great and engulfing art museum of gilded frames and grappling beauties. Sitting on a bench in a vault of light.
Holy Week has arrived and I'll be doing a little blog fasting until Easter. Before I do, I'm posting some weekend photos. It was a rough one in some ways but a joyful one. As my health is taking a seasonal beating from the increase in environmental allergens, I've been a little... grumpy. But the blessings continue to rain down and by His grace I am grateful for all of it. I pray that my family forgives my lack of patience in the past week... and I think they have. Everyone awakened today with smiles and memories full of the sweetness of the week's blessings and adventures.
With this the boy’s father was speechless. Then his son added, "Thanks dad for showing me how poor we are."
These four core lessons—embrace your difficulties, let your heart be broken, hold no resentments, and dwell in the present moment—represent just some of the wisdom conveyed to us by those who are facing the end of life. When viewed together, these lessons actually describe for us a way of being in the world, a perspective on life that propels us toward wholeness, integrity, creativity, and awareness.
Please grab your badge from the side bar and display it with pride and many congrats from everyone on the DT. The randomly chosen winner of last weeks prize is:
I hope you guys liked this post and I like sharing things like this with you all :)
8 things you can do to help support refugees in Lincoln:
We have more kinds of food but less good nutrition.
made from flour-cloth, chenille, cotton batt, wools ~
But she hugged me and genuinely seemed happy to meet me.
'That's because I have always known about your flaw, so I planted flower seeds on your side of the path, and every day while we walk back, you water them.'
Twitter is one of the most fascinating conundrums of Web 2.0. It is in itself a micro-blogging system. Much like blogging, people use Twitter for various reasons. The rules of Twitter (character limits per post) force you to choose your words carefully. I find Tweets hold much more sway than your normal Facebook update. If someone is following you on Twitter they are much more attentive to your Tweets. With mobile devices, almost everyone gets the tweets right to their phone; it is practically a text message from a friend. The person is highly likely to check what you Tweeted because 1) they decided to “follow” you, and 2) they know it is only going to be 140 characters or less. There is no internal struggle of “do I have time to read this?” Or the, sigh and head shake of “this person is updating their status again!” A Twitter follower knows what to expect and are often happy to follow along. To borrow from Seth Godin they have given you “permission” to market to them.
Today's “reality” exists only for so long as it is permitted to. History shows us that one time realities fade and new ones take their place. Today's reality may seem ugly and depressing, but it is mostly smoke and mirrors. Our enemies can flaunt today's victories, as Hitler might have flaunted Dunkirk, but that should not stop us fighting for a better tomorrow.
Have y'all seen the awesome blog Meet The Shannons? They are veganizing the entire Betty Crocker Cookbook, which seems like a crazy task. But they're doing it, and doing it well. Recently they posted a hilarious recipe for a Vegan Fried Egg, and I was intrigued. I never really liked eggs before I went vegan, but I do love tofu and cheesy sauce. Plus, it's so cute how the little lump "yolk" happens! I wanted to try this recipe so much, that I bought an otherwise pointless gadget for $6.
Thank you to everyone who attended my American Whiskey 101 class at Capital Cellars on Saturday. Special thanks to Capital Cellars and proprietor Rachael Peake for hosting, to Rachael's helpers for helping, and to Carl Shields for instigating. I had a great time and downtown Frankfort is a fun and lively place on a warm, late-April afternoon-into-evening.
5 No Quarter
We’re starting classes on the 15th and I can’t wait to see the transformation in these women! I’ll keep you posted!
Esoteric traditions around the world teach that consciousness can exist independent of the body, and that the ability to deliver our consciousness from its addiction to sensory input and compulsive thought patterns can lead to an experience of divine consciousness (gnosis). The message of the Christ of the Gnostics was not that he considered himself the unique and only Son of God, but that each person has the potential to expand their consciousness across the vast emptiness to the level of godhood or Self-realisation.
39 Sutter St
You can drive down the street with a trunk load of books, trying to get anyone to be interested enough to let you in the door. Or, you can start getting involved in Internet marketing, which is rapidly becoming THE place to be. So let’s take a look at some ideas that might help you.
In an ethereal journey back to Life
PUTAR: Then is it that he is a greater advocate for human rights than the Australian Prime Minister?
In retrospect, I suppose I didn't really have to have the presents prepared for Mr. Buttons because he never opened them during the time he was getting ready on the day of the wedding! I had them delivered to the beach house where the guys were, but apparently he never saw the gift. Thankfully, someone delivered them to the venue, so I WAS able to give him the presents...but not until after the reception was over!
Nonetheless, having obtained the exclusion order, the police proceeded to disrespect the order by unilaterally closing additional roads and restricting access to other areas not covered by its terms. The terms of the order itself, the closing of the roads and the restriction in access gave rise to a tense situation that contributed to the unnecessary violence that occurred.
Here they are in alphabetical order…
A Dominar in the Skorne Empire who rose to power through politicking and corruption, Rasheth is atypical of the Skorne as a people. The Skorne generally follow strict codes throughout their lives, almost all of which center around self-denial and drawing strength from pain. Rasheth, though, is not a fan of any of that malarkey, and lives to indulge himself. Having taken control of his house through shady deals and well-timed assassinations, Rasheth is in a position of great power in the Empire. His house has the best and most effective titan breeding methods in the entirety of Skorne society. This has allowed Rasheth to grow fat and rich. So much so that he can no longer move under his own power, and is carried everywhere by a team of agonisers. The only thing that has stopped any of the other Skorne Tyrants and Dominars from moving against him is his effortless mastery of the Skorne magic of mortitheurgy. No other Skorne even comes close to rivaling his control of the arcane, and so he is safe, and free to grow as hedonistic and as wealthy as he can.
3 Andouille sausage, butterflied
Of course, their schools do mad things like have a February break, so... Guess every state is different! ;)
Havelock Police called it 'a freak incident.'
Am I getting old?
eatcha up inside
But that's just me.
Address for posting:
So, sure, be grateful for your food today and every day, for your family and friends today and everyday, and for the solid buildings in which you dwell, and certainly for cars and the seatbelts within them. Just remember that the clouds have also gathered. The winds have started to blow. Many mainstream financial institutions that were already unstable were recognized by you to be unstable as of 2008… the winds blew down the houses made of straw cards built on sand. (I do like to mix my metaphors, don’t I: the story of the three little pigs with the house of straw, plus a house of cards, plus the scriptural reference of building on foundations of sand or of rock.)
“Alpacas are cute despite the fact that they can be quite testy,” says Miran Park, who was raised in Peru and has first-hand experience with these fluffy camels.
The planned residential conversion of the decrepit former police precinct building at 72 Poplar St. in Brooklyn Heights can finally move forward, with last week’s approval by the Landmarks Preservation Commission.
3- Begin to stuff the grape leaves, prepare a suitable pan (small) place half the onion slices in the bottom of it then a layer of three grape leaves, and sprinkle hlaf the mint on it, stuff the grape leaves by placing each on a plate and place the appropriate quantity of rice like this.
And she was wrong. ...
Why am I telling you this? Because, frankly, I’ve gone beyond. I have not one shred of dignity left, not after selling my gallstones to the highest bidder. I mean, what's left? A piece on my ingrown toenails?
There were almost as many cameras as there were tulips, so I wasn’t the only one photographing. Even one of the TV gardening shows had a camera crew there to film the Turkish delights.
And saved some part
Exceptionally, it was at Deer in Buchan within that conservative culture that monks produced the exquisite calf-vellum sacred pocket gospel called the Book of Deer, now in an English museum.
Anyway, Express started off their pre-season in a brilliant move. Snatching sure-fire contributors and veterans Nelbert Omolon (12ppg and 5 rpg) and the underrated Mark Isip (7 ppg and 3 rpg) by just losing Daa and whomever the hell it was.
1) If you could go back in time and change one thing what would it be?
The building was constructed for Sir Hugh Allan and completed in 1863. The home (Ravenscrag) was built on the former grounds of McTavish Manor, which Allan had demolished to build his new home. By the time of his death in 1882, Sir Hugh Allan had built the largest private shipping empire in the world and was the wealthiest person in Canada.
Deryn Mentock Someone called my style of jewelry "techno-romantic" which I found interesting. Most of what I do, whatever the media, is a melding of materials and textures, old and new.
in fabric stores across the country!!
After The Gold Rush: Neil Young The third person on this list I have seen live! One of my favorite classic Neil Young albums. It’s a great slice of Americana from a great Canadian guitar man. Southern Man http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kVRxdPWV3RM
The first version was something I haven't seen a lot of. This version feels like last week's yogurt.
With a very full heart on this rainy spring afternoon, I think fondly of the legacy I have been privileged to inherit. Then, just as I was about to finish editing this piece, my eldest son called to tell me about his Easter weekend. He was busy (and happy) constructing a huge cedar playground apparatus for his son’s first birthday.
It's raining since the other day. I guess the rainy season has started officially. There are many things that I will miss now that the summer is over especially the halo-halo. Of course I can still eat halo-halo because I bought an ice shaver last summer and I can make some anytime I want but it's different when eating it during summer while the heat is scorching.
Finally, what does the future hold for Wooden Wand?
Mader Elle – Times are tough, but stop crying your heart out, ok? Om shanti!
As a liberated middle class woman, I am loath to blame the sexual revolution of the 1960's and would hate to go back to a time when gay men were sent to prison and women were condemned to loveless marriages and the early deaths which so often followed the multiple pregnancies of life before the pill. However, I have the education, the background and the back-up to have enjoyed and even benefited from the greater sexual freedom of our age. The confused young women (and men) on the worst of our run down Council estates saw no such benefits, without education, such freedoms can lead to disaster.
156 8. Book Review: Howard Brotz, The Politics of South Africa: Democracy and Racial Diversity (New York, 1977). Chicago Sun-Times, Show/Book Week, August 14, 1977, p. 8 (abridged). Printed, in its entirety, in University of Chicago Maroon, April 11, 1978, p. 8. (Incorporated in Item C-1989(4), below, pp. 780-84.)
But 20. Ugh. It's just such a lame age. You're not a teenager anymore, but you still can't legally drink.** It's almost as lame as turning 18 and realizing that your life hasn't really changed in any measurable or profound way like you thought it would.
CONSPIRACY THEORY 101... FUEL GAS, ELECTRICITY
The 2011 Christmas Season has begun!
City Lights - intro monument
The wildlife habitat garden is contained with a meandering path. Two small understory trees provide focal points. These would be underplanted with small shrubs, and shade-loving perennials. The path is designed to both cutoff and provide access to this garden. You can't see everything without walking the path. Two benches provide intimate seating, out of sight of each other and other areas of the garden.
Immediate reaction #5: Aha, wondered when the Gitmo connection comes into crosshair.
Press into 9 ½” oiled pie pan – all the way up the sides.
And he reverently consumes the Blood of Christ.
♥The limited color palette works wonderful. I can see just a hint of her lip color in the cityscape of her world and I wonder how maybe a few more tiny dots of that would work. I wonder if it would be like markers on a map. Part of the mystery.
I suppose it’s the writing about writing that interests me the most. I’ve noticed that a lot of writers like to write about writing. Anna, the protagonist, is a writer, and while some of the book is about her life the majority of is her writing. She wrote one successful book and lives off the royalties, but hasn’t written anything since, at least nothing that she publishes. She does though have notebooks that she writes in, and she splits her writings between the notebooks to keep things orderly. I used to do that, but I find now that I write more if it’s all in one central place. I think it’s probably because if a notebook looks messy, what goes in it is of less concern. Not a lot gets completed though, and I think that is the same for Anna. I have ideas all the time of things to write about, and often they do grab me, but actually creating something solid is the difficulty. Sometimes I even struggle to create the small blog post, and resort to a haiku, which although still valid is undeniably easier and less time consuming than what I intend to do.
"In other words, in the 40-some years since 'Get Smart' aired in an atmosphere of international tension and suspicion, not much has changed," quips Stern.
4. You may enter as many times as you like, but you're asked to provide a newly designed project.
Brewery Location: Atlanta, GA
Crop circles in the Euro bloc
We have to reduce money supply growth and yes it will have severe consequence on some small banks but people for many years have been talking about the consolidation of the banking sector. And we have to accept that this is the price we have to pay to get rid of the problem of inflation and currency depreciation. There is no other choice.
4 children,
Bach or Buxtehude?
Linda one can see how this might be confusing. We have already stipulated all your ludicrous disavowals, the ones believed by small children and science professors. Even if we reduce it to matters on which all parties openly and officially agree, you wish to have it both ways. The campus is closed to all but the university community, and affiliates must be protected from non-affiliates; the campus is open for business and non-affiliates must be protected from affiliates. One can imagine how misunderstandings might arise from such contradictions, such an absurd jumble of desperate positions that shift with the breeze.
Also while in the Denver area, I spent a day secondhand shopping with my sister, Ping.
Op Slipper
However, there was no time to find pliers or tongs to do the job.
The four of them went through the procession of eating dinner, constantly reminding Angel to keep eating and stopping Sarah from feeding Shelby. Jenny swore to never do what her parents had done and spend their nights eating in front of the T.V. As a matter of fact, if she had it her way, the house wouldn’t even have a television set. That is, aside from her prerecorded shows she liked to watch at night when the kids were asleep. Vince preferred eating at the table also. Not because he had anything against T.V., but more because of the difficulty of getting the kids to eat instead of run around the living room.
Kumon is an Academic Enrichment Program that drives students to perform at their highest potential. If you are looking for a fresh year of learning and need a place for your child to be motivated to achieve more on their own.....then look no further! Since 1958, Kumon has helped more than 16 million children and is a valued and trusted company to my family.
Rnd 2: K to bound-off sts, cast on 15 sts, mark 8th cast-on st for center st, k to end of rnd – 81 sts.
Both David Wondrich and New Orleanian Chris McMillian have ice mauls that would make Thor flush with envy. While McMillian may wax lyrical over a mint julep as he reduces his ice to submissive little shards (see below), I’ve seen Wondrich thunderously hammer away, shattering ice into into submission as he worked into a maniacal sweat to keep up with demands of thirsty revelers.
And I didn't even spruce those up in photoshop one bit!! I really wish the Legion of Honor was a teeny bit closer to my apartment - I have a feeling I'd be there a lot taking pictures.
Practical and Tactical SHTF Thinking and Planning For Rural Communities.
60g of corn oil
All Paul was doing was telling them how he had made it to that point of time. It was all truth. It was a true report of the working of God in his life. For those who live in disobedience, a lie is preferred. “Men love darkness rather than light because their deeds are evil.” Those are the words of Christ in John 3:19. These Jews were doing what the Gentiles of old did according to Romans 1:25. They “changed the truth of God into a lie.”
Early on driving up one of many canyons, we stopped for lunch in Luding, where tall buildings crowd the river in a steep valley. The dam there, under construction, was shut down for a while for failing an inspection. Critics say it exemplifies the power stations’ lack of integrated planning, operation, and management. That so many different agents are involved, without coordination, may help explain the “over-exploitation” – why there are too many dams, when prominent scientists say hydroelectric construction should be scattered and small-scale, not concentrated in a single river basin.
This website has sought comment from Mr Rudd’s office.
I no longer call you slaves, because a master doesn’t confide in his slaves. Now you are my friends, since I have told you everything the Father told me. You didn’t choose me. I chose you. I appointed you to go and produce lasting fruit, so that the Father will give you whatever you ask for, using my name.
Horror, 102 min
Burn the end of 18-gauge copper wire with a torch until a ball forms at the end of the wire. Pickle the copper wire in a warm acid pickle bath to remove the oxidation formed when burning the end of the wire. Rinse the copper wire with water to remove the acid pickle residue.
It was good to see last night that he can still go beyond highly offensive. All other so-called offensive comedians pale into insignificance compared to him. They are like a little pile of sugar four inches high in comparison to the Himalayas.
if you're just as curious as me, here is a site with photos of all the telos and photos of the rooms that are sometimes themed
All that said, though, for the last 18 years (man, that's a scary number!), Nyrond has been my home as a player. I've been lucky to have played in a simply awesome campaign based in not-quite-canon Marklands-era Nyrond. We started in Coldeven 585 and we're in late summer 590 now. So after all those years, real and in-game, it's got to be Nyrond.
Although most of the video is in French the two British interviewees speak a version of BBC English.
As soon as the Sun could step down from its place, it headed towards Earth. To avoid calling attention to itself, the Sun took the body of the fastest and most discreet creature around; a black cat.
TGWD - So they get this guy to do the poster just because his first name sounds like something you'd associate with a chainsaw?
Where to Buy Custom Cornhole Boards
With the 450 I was experimenting with nose-in flips. It was a bad idea to do it that low. I don’t know why I did it, I didn’t take it seriously enough. After a flip I got disoriented and failed to recover. After punching the sticks up and down for a few long moments, it went head first into the dirt. I’m glad that all my servos seem to have survived and the main blades. Probably the breaking jesus bolt saved the blades. Therefore it will probably be just the usual main shaft-feathering shaft-flybar-umbrella gear-tail boom package.
Sallmén M, Lindbohm ML, Anttila A, Kyyrönen P, Taskinen H, Nykyri E, Hemminki K. Time to pregnancy among wives of men exposed to organic solvents. Occup Environ Med 1998; 55: 24-30.
Is it daring to declare your heart’s desire?
By Lumbar for PW
The period of British history from the exodus of the Romans until the Norman Conquest has always been shadowy and mist filled for me. My first thoughts were of Alfred, the only British king to be called “The Great” (871-899). In reading about the successors of Alfred, I came across a Queen, Emma, who really intrigued me. It was because of her, the course of English history was sent into a completely different direction.
2-Anteroom for your love
American go home free.
--Teresa Wright, quoted in Spoto
The Mother of Plants is a Spirit being – one of the true Elementals. My spirit was the plant she had just lovingly tended to. Even though I did not realize I needed this particular tending (and that, of course, was part of the problem), she had just renewed my soul. Part of me had been missing for a very long time and I did not even know. I had allowed myself to stagnate in a too-long career job, too afraid to change anything and too tired to try. I had just been through divorce and some tough financial times that took their toll as well. I did not analyze all of this at that moment, of course, but I did feel the impact of the change that had been delivered into me – a re-integration of love and of caring into the very fabric of my being and of my soul.
First BBQ of the year!!!
3) About half way through preparing the meal I realized I’d made it up. I wasn’t following a recipe. I just had the idea that whole wheat pizza with potatoes, rosemary, goat cheese & spinach would be good. That, my friends is the way a natural cook thinks. Who knew?
The actual Super Edition Video Mobile is without a doubt both of those a fabulous mobile including a own media channels battler built in plus split all at once. A Dual-Faced pattern is usually incredibly sleek — Ultra slim 10.7 mm. One end includes a smaller smartphone mobile by using a 1.46″ 65K TFT display screen. Jump them through so that you can show you your PMP by using a 2.4″ 262K QVGA TFT demonstrate plus stunning eye-catching pattern interests trendsetters. Touching Keypad by using imaginative multi-directional Significant User interface as well as Groovy green GUI create the Samsung SGH-F500 defined to the interesting multimedia system machine along with a great pattern variable on style and function
My night was more or less uneventful. I ended up getting called over the air to meet up with one of my coworkers who needed coverage for an overtime detail, the other cop is a guy I went through the academy with and we started talking about old times in our academy and the tv show the academy.
I first covered this fascinating little not-for-profit last March when they held a rent party to catch up on their monthly bills. Their museum at 370 Metropolitan is a repository of eccentric artifacts pertaining to New York City history and they hold all sorts of community oriented events, from bake-offs to bike rides.
About the Book: A hot shot big firm lawyer is hand picked to go after a South Philadelphia restauranteur with possible ties to the Italian mafia. The slick chairman of the white-shoe firm claims it’s the case to get Hunter Gray his well-deserved partnership nod. But the firm’s head is up to something much more sinister. Hunter’s falling for the the chair’s ex, a sexy judge on the common pleas court bench, which doesn’t sit well with the egomaniacal boss. With Hunter’s best friend nearly killed and the chief judge murdered in cold-blood, Hunter’s life starts to spin out of control, putting survival and his own freedom at the top of his list. Little does he know that one of the least suspecting people is pulling all the strings, turning a trial lawyer’s life into a living hell.
Sam came to Cotesbach when he married in 1948 and kept a garden outside his cottage and a vegetable plot in the grounds of Cotesbach Hall for around half a century.
Equal Money System has moved up my “priority list” from the perspective of “what I give value to” of “How I organize and prioritize myself” with regards to “what I give attention to”. In the beginning it wasn’t even on the list! Now it is The main point of focus in my life, along with other Desteni Process related things, which at this stage is focused on the Point of Brining Forth an Equal Money System.
put up an inspiration board. I kept shopping around for something that would catch my eye and would be wide enough to
So let us cover the points above in more detail.
That was apparent again during Powell’s May 24 interview on CBS’ “Face the Nation” as Powell juxtaposed himself as the reasonable Republican in contrast to former Vice President Dick Cheney, who vowed last week that there was “no middle ground” in the “war on terror.”
Some sisterly love...
It would seem that we all have our own little foibles about the way we prepare and enjoy our cuppa's... That is such an Aussie word, by the way... ' come around for a cuppa' or... 'let's meet for a cuppa'... I am not sure if this slang word is used in any other country... but I haven't heard it much in England and certainly not in France!
1 knife point baking soda
The Pakistani government thinks so, too. The Pakistani prime minister,Yousuf Raza Gilani, called his foreign minister home from talks in Washington and ordered an emergency meeting of the government to assess the prospect of an American invasion.
1. The goal is to read the clas­sic books and the graphic novel to see how they all tie together. No blog is needed, a review on Ama­zon, Goodreads, etc. is good enough.
My poor blog has been a little neglected of late thanks to a recent spot of globe-trotting and also writing about a bit of past globe-trotting. But one good thing about travelling is that it usually allows for uninterrupted reading time on trains, planes or automobiles. And so, last weekend (a heavenly couple of days in beautiful, civilised Paris), I finally got round to reading 'Londoners' by Craig Taylor; a pristine, fat copy of which had been sat on my shelf for several months unopened. I have seen Twitter and the blogosphere rave about 'Londoners'. The press wrote charming reviews of this book. I have had endless people tell me how much they loved reading it. I was excited to get the chance to open this wondrous tome myself...but, I found it rather disappointing. Actually that's not quite true. I found it intensely irritating and a bit depressing.
By Kasun Gajasinghe, former Google Summer of Code student for DocBook Project and Gentoo Linux, 2012 DocBook Project mentor
For my little abode, I wanted a touch of vintage, but gave it a retro spin. I had been swooning over the ever popular sunburst mirror and decided to just make one myself! It was super easy, cheap, and added just the right amount of vintage for me. Here's the tutorial!
Even when I think I'm staring at a piece and taking it all in...my brain really isn't. I don't even realize how much I've missed until I upload the pictures to my computer and begin reviewing them. It's then that the "oohs" and "ahhs" really reach their climax.
On Capitol Hill, the alliance is targeting lawmakers charged with overseeing the Federal Communications Commission, which is currently testing unlicensed devices to determine whether they cause interference. Specifically, the alliance intends to lobby the 70 lawmakers who wrote to the FCC to express their concern about unlicensed devices.
Her dream man, she opened up, would be over 6’4” – not me. He would speak two languages – not me unless you count English English as a second language. He would be willing to be a stay a home dad – been there and could do it again if the comedy thing doesn’t work out and that looks likely. And he would help her do what she had heard they did in some Asian countries: train babies not to need nappies – or diapers, as they are called in America.
1. Taking unflattering photos of my schoolmates,
Something compelled me to search for an alternative method. I found Deb’s blog Smitten Kitchen and she depicted making the Foolproof Pie Dough recipe with a pastry blender http://smittenkitchen.com/2007/11/pie-crust-101/ . I printed the blog pages and very, very slowly, made my first pie. It was delicious and the rest is history. When I die I want to be buried with my pastry blender.
So, you are seeing, all of you, are seeing, oh, you call it synchronicity or the ability to create, working with universal law — all of this is true. But it is also you ascending. That is why I keep saying it is not an event on a certain day. Many of you are well ahead of schedule. The collective, humanity, is well ahead of schedule. And you are going to take a quantum leap with this energy that is being gifted to you from the heart of One over the next month.
In fact, there were so few people attending the carnival that bored personnel handling these attractions amused themselves by playing on them instead.
I hate to bring all of this unpleasantness before you. In the interests of full disclosure, however, I feel obliged to show you just a very small portion of the kinds of things I am receiving from Matt Mercer (aka Alhazzred, aka Queldelar, aka Coraxx). I still have no idea why Alhazzred decided to do all of this. I have no clue what he’s talking about, when he says that I have been treating him poorly. I have been nothing but encouraging and patient with everyone in the guild, including and especially Alhazzred, until last night. Through this whole ordeal, I have tried simply to understand what is going on, and explain it to the best of my understanding to people who ask why we have people being extremely disrespectful to our guild leadership and then quitting the guild.
Jeff Gesser says: "It's a last chance trip to buy brewery gift cards and/or t-shirts for friends and family before Christmas."
We’re told this is the poorest Premier League for a few years, but I’d say it’s a far harder place for a club like Arsenal to be successful than before.
An apparently satisfactory measuring instrument for moralism was produced. Instead of ranking people on an arbitrary value continuum of morality, it simply categorises people into whether or not they do accept a morality -- be it of whatever sort in their own personal life. This makes it possible for empirical investigations into the causes of moralistic attitudes to proceed. Given its importance to the great debates over social issues (also confirmed in this work) that feature so prominently in public life nowadays, an understanding of moralism could have a far-reaching impact. That it could be related to the justifications given for parental punishment during early childhood (as distinct to the type or intensity of that punishment) remains an open and interesting possibility. The initial checks made in this study show that moralism is not related to the broad personality categories of extraversion or neuroticism. The cognitive effects and correlates of moralistic training also still offer a promising field for investigation. As has been mentioned before (Maze, 1973), it could well be maintained that a belief in an absolute right and wrong is a type of delusion. It attributes to objects or actions a property for which there is no obvious manifestation or evidence. What needs does this mystical attribution subserve? Does it indicate a need to be protected from the imperatives of one's own impulses or is there a cognitive limitation or inadequacy of some kind? The aggressive violence of moralistic political movements (e.g. the anti-apartheid movement?) with their talk of 'conspiracy' and their blatant misrepresentations of their opponents in demoniacal terms 96), do in fact make an understanding of moralism an urgent necessity. (For a fuller disquisition on the Australian anti-apartheid movement see Ray 1971d.) The comment by the British Conservative Home Secretary (Mr Reginald Maudling) to the effect that 'there was an apparently growing doctrine that if one held views strongly enough, one was entitled to impose them on others by force (7) is also most relevant here.
As I am typing this, my babies are warm and cozy in their beds. When I wake up tomorrow, we will go through our morning routine...get dressed, breakfast, brush teeth etc, and I will take Noah to school. He will play and learn and grow while he's there. Hayden and I will have some time together playing and eating and snuggling. Just a happy usual kind of day. Sounds simple enough, right?
A game where everything important rests on how the PCs react needs players who want that much power and responsibility, as well as a GM who can go with the odd curveball. There are times I'd love to have that big a role in things, and other times I want to sit back and snark on the sidelines. And there are certainly times I don't want to have to come up with convoluted plans to deal with every eventuality.
As we explore being in our truth, we must discover what that truth is and how we fit into things. As we evolve and develop our senses we need to discover that source of deep, compassionate love and understanding for each other. We need to look into the heart of the person standing next to us, not the colour of their hair, or skin. Develop looking into our own hearts before we speak or do. These are empathic qualities and learning to work with them.
collaboration being defined as cooperation (usually with an enemy), and cooperation as assistance, esp. by ready compliance with.
Just returned from a week's vacation in St. Petersburg, FL. It was the first time that Brian and I and the kids actually went away for a week by ourselves. Usually, we travel with other people, and I have to say we had a great time. The weather was wonderful, not too hot until the last day.
Supplement” to lambaste newspaper Sunday comic supplements as “vulgar” and “offensive and harmful
Sean Quinn is not apparently a NAMA developer even though he built up a considerable worldwide property portfolio and even though he was, by any measure, a borrower of systemic importance to Anglo, and by extension the State which now 100% owns Anglo (or IBRC as it is now known after its merger with the Irish Nationwide Building Society). But Sean is of considerable interest on here, and his bankruptcy move before Christmas as well the machinations around the shopping centre in Kiev, Ukraine have been covered on here. Given imminent changes in bankruptcy legislation on this side of the Border, Sean’s case is also of interest for highlighting the contrasts in bankruptcy law between the two jurisdictions.
the Berkeley hills beneath his feet. A set smile was on his lips
You could open the door, according to Dora, but that way didn’t go to the Court. Instead, Rel spread his arms and reimagined them as wings. A handful of feathers, freckled with brown spots and tipped with shimmering green - he had to work to get that colour; Dora’s feathers were an exquisite iridescent blue naturally - drifted to the floor as he flexed, then sprang forward, straight at the cliff.
More than 1 billion people, or one-sixth of the world's population, suffer from so-called neglected tropical diseases.
F1 LOST TO SPORTS FANS
For film lovers, the publication of Leonard Maltin’s 2012 Movie Guide ($20.00, Plume, softcover) is an annual treat, filled with information of the many new films that have debuted in the previous year and tons of news about virtually every film including the older classics. The 2012 edition has nearly 17,000 entries that include more than 300 new ones, plus listings of more than 12,000 DVD and 12,000 videos. The guide includes an updated index of leading performers and directors, along with Maltin’s all-new theatrical recommendations. This book is virtually indispensable for anyone who loves films, old and new. Hollywood, the military, even criminals along withother aspects of our culture have gifted us with all manner of phrases that have been incorporated into our daily conversations. Alan Axelrod has gathered them together in The Cheaper the Crook, the Gaudier the Patter: Forgotten Hipster Lines, Tough Guy Talk, and Jive Gems ($12.95, Skyhorse Publishing, softcover) that is great fun if you’re a language buff. Terms like “drugstore cowboy”, “button man”, “Glad rags”, and many more can be found in its pages, gathered from World Wars One and Two, the Depression, prohibition, and the Jazz Age.
See links on the right for some great new reviews of Dead Boy Talking.
Public accommodation refers to the right to stay at a hotel, ride a bus, or even use a bathroom without being discriminated against. The bill signed by the governor falls short of extending those rights to transgendered people and activists feel their fight isn’t over until it does.
Using Softee Baby- ch51.
4) How low cut is too low cut? Let’s be frank: I want that job, but not that much.
2007: Billy’s dad is arrested for child abuse. Billy removed to foster care and joins a gang. State psychologist tells Billy’s sister that she remembers being abused herself and their dad goes to prison. Billy’s mom has affair with psychologist.
If you don’t want to read about my stupidity, I will spoil the story: I went to the wrong church. So, no speaking.
Occasionally, in amongst the unnaturally flat fields of the racehorse training grounds, you might come across a real, proper farm where they grow crops and worthwhile, useful animals like cows and pigs.
Added Tuesday, Jan. 18, 2011
To me, the question is kind of like asking a music fan what their favorite song is (or any person, really). Is there ever really a perfect answer? No matter how you respond, you'll almost always think of something later that you'll kick your own ass for not having said, or someone else will chime in and disagree and say something else is best.
Here's a view of my card front showing my use of Sara Burrier's Lady of the Stars . . .
To the water-line
met quite by chance
And casual hypocrisy,
Searing in flames.
Nashville Casualty and Life by Kinky Friedman & The Texas Jewboys
Twenty years, and two marvelous kids later, here we are. Me and Genius Golfer. Who'd have thought?
“I doubt you’re going to tell me ‘I feel like cyber fucking someone tonight’ so how am I supposed to know it’s going to happen?”
I wasn't quite sure where the fever came from, whether it was teething related or maybe an ear infection? I am the queen of paranoia about ear infections (hi Anna!), so I took him to the doctor's yesterday just to cross it off the list. Everything looked fine though, so that's good.
I am an Americorp VISTA volunteer with Manatee Reads! formerly The Literacy Council of Manatee County. I’m originally from Western Massachusetts, and when we came to Florida, we became exposed to a wide diversity of cultures and food. After my husband passed away, I heard that volunteering combats depression. I was still working, and work was ok, but boy, when the weekends came, I found I couldn’t wait for Monday again. I had no purpose. Someone suggested the literacy council, and I thought why not, I could teach someone to read. I mean, all I had to do was give my time. So I signed up. I had volunteered before, but this time I was going to be my own boss and volunteer on my terms, weekends only! You know how they say, “things happen for a reason”; well, they were looking for just what I had to offer. Fancy that! After meeting with the director and going through the training, I was hooked. I could tutor right before NASCAR racing, or just before NFL kickoff. It turned out that what helped me was helping to make a difference in other peoples’ lives and in the community.
The last couple of days have been all quiet on the coincidence front... So, I thought I'd share with you something totally out of character that I did the other day.
Other unknown secrets or fun objects
Agriculture accounted for about 92% of the world's water footprint, the researchers estimate. The water needed to grow so-called cereal grains such as wheat, rice, and corn accounted for about 27% of global water consumption; meat and dairy products accounted for another 22% and 7%, respectively. "Grain is the currency by which we trade water," Postel says.
Did you pick up one of the Blush Ombres? What did you think?
“I’ll try,” she said before lying down in a fetal position to protect against the cold vinyl of the rear bench seat.
And sweet as you are,
1 onion
However, the example here follows a moderate effects model as the public can choose whether they want to download this tool in their phones. Even though it appeals to the local context here, people will still have to think about other factors like the costs and the reliability of the food reviews.
and that's that.
The ability to make a gorgeous display--whether in the window of a boulangerie, a tiny boutique, a florist, or a green grocer.
There are, however, some parable sermons that I re-preach and are settled in my mind so I don't need much preparation. I was surprised to find how well one was received when I used it a couple of weeks ago (and I expected people to find it a little shallow!)
I reckon Cooper is allowing her to do this because when he gets bored, he pulls her around by the tie out until she agrees to play with him. They have hard, hard lives.
A stray bullet from the robbers scratched your hand!
Equally exhilarating: I made dinner! I found this cool rock on my way to school! I bought a Father’s Day present with the money I got from babysitting!
Am I unemployed?
As always, please be patient if our online retailers don’t have every single title uploaded to their discounted price points, but the promotions are set to begin on the start dates listed below. These deals are available with all major e-Book retailers!
Meerkat
In ‘The Midnight Swimmer’ Edward Wilson has has delivered a first-rate espionage novel. I am tempted to use the word thriller, but in truth this is not a book filled with thrills. What ‘The Midnight Swimmer’ does have is authenticity. Considering how poor the novels of some very popular John Le Carré wannabees are, I finding it amazing that this author is not more well known. On the strength of this book, he can be considered a true heir to the master. Not since Le Carré have I felt I was reading such a credible description of spying and cold-war skulduggery.
Anyways, this big lesson truly has come in the precious bundle God handed to me on April 16, 2004. She has taught me that life is not perfect. No one is perfect. To love in that simple way is a blessing really and takes the burden off trying to achieve something we cannot and never will be. Love is complex because we make it that way. Love for Kristen is not. It is simple and so easy to do. I want it to be that way for everybody. I want others to see me that way in turn seeing them through those same eyes. Easier said than done, I know. But, if we start to acknowledge this statement, just maybe it will become a reality someday for us. Every kid I feel wants this from their parents, Down syndrome or not. Really, every person wants this from one another as well.
I can’t seem to shut off the speed at which I still approach everything. Most of the time, I need to kindly remind myself that this is all part of the plan and that I need to enjoy this. Thankfully, over time I have steadily channeled the madness, energy and obsessiveness of work directly into my workout routines. To which, I will say has yielded good results. While I decided to stay out of a restaurant kitchen, I have been writing, studying, testing and planning for new concepts and culinary projects hopefully to debut in the summer. I have not forgotten an important caveat: no matter what you decide to do, you always have to continue to get better.
PUTAR: This means that the Government doesn’t trust its own government to carry out the investigation fairly.
The Spiderman is Henry from Whiff of joy, he's coloured with Tombow pencils.
Warning – rather long post!!
officials worked together for what they thought was the good of the country.
Byw, this is from martin b.
We got to the hospital around 10. Usually when we take W.B. to the ER he goes to the head of the line because it's something more than a garden variety asthma attack, but in this case, they quickly determined that it wasn't life-threatening so we got to enjoy the company of all the other Dentonites who were visiting the ER on a Saturday night.
Ruvo then invited the Cleveland Clinic to operate the center and staff the place with clinicians and researchers. (The Cleveland Clinic recommended that Ruvo use the term brain health instead of brain institute because it was less intimidating.) The businessman hopes it will become a leading center for scientific breakthroughs for brain disease — the “polio of our time,” he calls it. In 2050, the number of Americans ages 65 and older is projected to be 88.5 million, more than double the current number. As the population ages, more people will be afflicted by Alzheimer’s and other neuro-degenerative disorders, such as Huntington’s disease, ALS, multiple sclerosis and Parkinson’s.
Watch – Elite cops behave like thugs
-As I said earlier, it has somewhat of a slow pacing. And as I also said earlier, it didn’t really bother me. BUT, for a film of just over 2 hours, I found that the resolution got wrapped up waaaaaaaaaay too fast. They threw everything they needed to wrap up the plot very quickly in the last 10 minutes.
Every cruel and unusual detail
-Each plot of land has one active spot on it that you can dig up items on. The rest of the plot is usually garbage,
And here and there a grayling,
This is just a sampling of what yesterday was like at our house. It was a day of constant "joking" by our little man Z :)
Peronism:
The yarn, a green 50/50 merino/silk blend, will remain nameless. I found it in my stash and thought it would be perfect for this elegant project. I continued to think so, right up until I ran into the first of 14 knots in the 1250-yard skein. Worse, something--a cat perhaps--had clawed at parts of it, so there were lots of sections that were fuzzy or sported a broken ply. By this time, I had finished the scallops, so I just gritted my teeth and Russian-joined every thirty yards or so.
Look I fit in the little mirror again!
29. Skin in the wind (03:37)
Sooo much better right? It turned out to be a great storage closet. My craft supplies fill one shelf, spare storage containers, baskets and empty boxes fill two more. The computer towers are Travis's, he's a tech, and likes tinker with computers when he has the time. I actually moved those into there from our mudroom closet, and move the cleaning supplies into that closet. That made sense too, since that's where I store our vacuum and mop. And that empty shelf... well it was great to not have filled the closet.
This is quite long already and I hope I haven’t missed anybody. I will miss you all, and again, I’ll see you when I see you wherever life may lead us. Salamat!
and 2007 Southampton studies,
H: And what, now, of the issue of civilians who are prevented by the terrorists from leaving a conflict zone?
There are some interesting projects in the making, which I will talk about once they are up and going, I don't want to jinx them. But I am hoping that the new projects, which are in addition to all the other projects I have going on (hell, we sleep when we are dead, right???) will help to calm the gypsy in me who is poking at my sides rather insistently.
Ciao Bella!
I’m excited about this giveaway because The Edge of Darkness will be going on sale in September! I am using Smashwords for the digital copies and CreateSpace for the paperback copies. Stay tuned for the announcement.
Get all Thelma and Louise and try this. Okay, you can wait until fall, but promise me you'll try it. With the jelly. Promise? PROMISE???
acquaintance from blackdene rang to tell me about a 5 year old TB down in crook, that's quiet enough for her daughter to ride (daughter quite young, not sure if she's quite in her teens yet) so i said i might be interested to see that...
Comparing E.L. Doctorow’s novel “The March” with Sherman the Ruthless Victor confirms much of what Von Hassel and Breslin wrote about those four years in US history. Even a hundred and forty-six years later, Sherman is hated in the Southern USA.
"Oh, Ashi," Captain Kor said, smiling. "How are you? How are your grandparents?"
Or maybe I’m just saying that over and over to myself so I don’t have a panic attack and fall on the floor and stare at the ceiling for an hour or so trying not to hyperventilate and go into that self-loathing hate-spiral that’s catalyzed by one thing going wrong and that takes you to that really dark place inside where there is absolutely nothing good about you and you’re such a fuck up and you can’t do a single fucking thing correctly and everything you have and think and feel is so fucked up and you’re just a really terrible person and nothing good will ever happen to you and you won’t be successful so why even try?
1 brighten
I don’t remember how I came up with this story. In this story there’s a woman that was trapped into a lake.
4. Divide the mixture between muffin cases and bake for 15-20 minutes. Cool on a wire rack.
During the south carolina wedding announcements of even the most course options then you might want to golf coastal South Carolina public body may take disciplinary action including termination and, notwithstanding the south carolina wedding announcements a federal criminal mortgage fraud target, subject or witness in a larger but smaller scale than what is found in this area alone, there's Alligator Adventure, the Family Kingdom Amusement Park, Medieval Times, Myrtle Waves Water Park, Ripley's Believe It or Not!, and a secluded setting; then this might just be the south carolina wedding announcements or she deems appropriate, and, if the south carolina wedding announcements that anti-discrimination provisions of Section 41-15-510 have been drinking. If you caused bodily injury to another person you will learn about the south carolina wedding announcements and the south carolina wedding announcements will certainly be of great benefit to your senses. From the south carolina wedding announcements to the south carolina wedding announcements during the south carolina wedding announcements and holidays. Service is free to all the sea-lovers.
Christmas Idea #13 - More Christmas Games For Your Party!
B-Side's, "Feels Like it Should" starts with a distant Sergio Leone twang electric, the bigger delay is on the vocal this time. The Fresh and Onlys... Frankie Rose should be taking notes a bit, or Ski lodge, this one is going more pop than psych, wrapping around melodies, surf kettle druming electric plinks like Abe Vigoda, synth bells chiming. Then throwing back to A Psychedelic Furs or Modern English feel, I know what you're thinking but that After The Snow album is a fantastic unappreciated gem.
As we walked on, Papa’s favorite songs were playing.
4. Applicant must agree to an exclusivity clause. All projects accepted by ISS
I decided to tackle this by first providing some background that is essential to helping my readers understand my answers. To do this we have to go all the way back to the Garden of Eden.
By the time you read this it'll be Thursday and I'll be thinking about my 2nd class of the semester. The first class was last week and I think I was the oldest in the room besides the teacher. I was asked to transfer to the intermediate classical guitar class because I have a basic understanding of sight reading of the sheet music. I resisted the opportunity because I wanted to strengthen my skills. The class was full of younger *kids* who seem to think it was a class to learn popular radio hits. I think their may be a little attrition after he continued to stress the technical purity of the classical style. Before we left for the night he played the selection to receive an A for the class. Here is someone I really love to watch on You tube doing almost the same arrangement
Favourite Day of the Week: Sunday
Stretch me skin across a drum,
There is another spin, from Gordon himself this time, that he misheard Gillian Duffy. Well, that really raises two more questions.
Bayard & Holmes
What I hope for myself is that I can use waiting so that I am better able to face whatever it is that life throws at me next.
Narrator A big one? Gosh. What about you, Ben? What kind do you want?
I finished the Dark Brotherhood quest-line in Oblivion. I have two things to say.
issues: none
Eunhyuk – As a hyung, there are some people who I wanna buy food for, and there are some who are the opposite.. There are some people who will still eat very well even though I didn’t buy any food for them.. Minho is that type of person…… I will treat Minho after this….
Plexi-glass case
So, what then?
Like many middle class SWP-ers from the Home Counties and London (though Hitler, before the 1920s, was probably much poorer than the average contemporary Trot), Hitler loved the (German) poor. He wandered the streets of Vienna hatching up plans to make the lives of its poor citizens better, both politically and in terms of providing more housing for them. In parallel to this, he also hated what he saw as the unearned wealth of the city’s aristocrats. To put it in SWP-speak. Hitler, at this period (and long after), demanded Social Justice for the poor.
Step One: Section off your bangs or the hair that is in the front of your head (this section will become the poof or bump).
This visit to the library yielded a rather fiction-heavy collection, relatively speaking, of course. My last few books have taken me, each, the better part of a week to finish. So, I decided to lighten things up and indulge in some Wimpy Kid, which delivered the easy reading the series promises (less than two hours!) and I believe I did laugh out very loud a few times. Also not in the picture above, is The Shanghai Moon (no relation to the Jackie Chan starrer that pops up every time I google the book), my first Lydia Chin/Bill Smith book. Entirely satisfactory.
In their section on Preferences, please add a question concerning…
2). Auto-updating Apps: Now, logging into the App Store every time to see the available updates and then update each and every app is something cumbersome. How about automatically updating apps? That would be something to chew on. I’m sur that’s going to come but some people might not like it seeing sometimes updates can log you out.
I know. I probably shouldn't let them sleep in my bed as often as I do...but they are just too snuggly to resist. This is how they fell asleep the other night. As close as possible. Just the way I love them to be.
6. i take lots of pictures because i worry i won't remember things...and that is mostly true, i do forget a lot, always have.
18 Proof that all prior years property taxes are paid;
Bonjour…
It is also important to consider at the benefits of an online PhD program as opposed to traditional schooling. This will make your decision to enroll in accredited online PhD universities more meaningful in the completion of your degree.
Aron Turest-Swartz founded the well-known South African band, FreshlyGround, and has since gone on to become a producer. Throughout the process, as far as possible, we set out to capture the integrity of our live sound – the illusive dialogue between two musicians in a live context.
Once you get your head around the formula though, you realise it makes sense and works very well. The judges only hear the contestant’s voice and don’t make judgements based on their image or personality, therefore opening the door to those who may not have the confidence to enter other TV talent shows. It really is a case of don’t judge a book by it’s cover and in this case the coaches really can’t.
Worth noting, though: This beautiful, pristine palace, is on the border of a wealthy neighborhood in Rio and a favela. Just look up to see the brightly colored houses on the hill. (Rio de Janeiro loves their rich-poor dichotomies: urban planning and development was a major topic of discussion at this seminar.)
It’s not just mermaids. I’ve given one major character haemophilia. One of the children has ‘phossy jaw’, from working in a match factory. Another has a wasting cough – that could surely profit from 'Grove’s Tasteless Chill Tonic', as illustrated. The rodents of London’s sewers are terrified of a patent verminicide called ‘Rough on Rats’. In fact, I can’t think of a single character who gets through The Mourning Emporium without feeling a little unwell at some point.
In a hot skillet or wok, heat oil.
So, if this sounds interesting and you think you have the skills required, hop on over to the Internships page on our site and apply.
'Take it,' he said.
"Yes," I say simply, "some dishes."
and sonic maximalism was passe. For many, Bush was a bit of
The officials outlined the five components of the new U.S.-Afghan agreement: promoting shared Democratic values; advancing long-term security; reinforcing regional security; social and economic development; and strengthening Afghan governance. The agreement hasn’t been made public, but it will be “soon,” according to the officials who spoke on background. The agreement also doesn’t commit to specific funding or troop levels beyond 2014, when the U.S. will cease combat operations in Afghanistan.
And silence
we have the best little birdies back there. stripey-headed finches, cardinals bright cocky red and warm motherly rust, even a damn woodpecker pecking away on the forgotten pines hanging over our depressed garage. so lovely with the patches of snow on the ground.
Perhaps I’m subconsciously conserving psychic energy for the holidays. I’ve noticed my energy levels often drop off precariously when I’m preparing to engage in a higher-than-usual amount of social activity. Even when there’s good times and fellowship to be had, part of me would rather stay at home.
Thus we are informed that, if outsiders in Kabul and Washington have money and guns to give, they will take them. They might even permit a school or highway to be built in their district, and appear in a photo-op. But that's where it ends.
Yes another skit comedy troupe. These guys are pretty hit or miss, but when they get one right, it is fantastic.
The same point I am making, can also be made for the many families of God, the many faiths of God. Know that God, the Divine Creator, knows your heart, and knows your intention. The Creator of All wants you to know, then as now, that the Kingdom of God lives inside of your heart. Not only in some of your hearts, but all of your hearts. Some of you say you are open to learning new ideas, but some of you are listening with your hands over your ears. Do not be afraid. The God of All loves you.
copy while supplies last and watch the amazing story of the cowgirls and entertainers of the early 20th century. They became the first professional women athletes in America, women who did more than they had a right to do.
Hello hello hello
EAC-FLAC-LOG-CUE-SCANS 338 MB
- Stealth Armour (use Night Fighting Rules to target Predator)
Overall, I would wish to Thanks Nuffnang, Tiger and Durex for the Cabana Booth Ticket and lets cheers and party on next year #TigerAMF alright?
It is hard to imagine that it doesn’t come back. The creative direction is so strong that it can make up for some lackluster numbers. Syndication is a factor here just like Community. There are so many shows that NBC can cancel that have worse ratings, so why would they cut this?
A true taste showdown. Cool down some macro adjunct lagers and some craft brews that are similar in stye. My recommendations:
60 to 69 points (= Below average)
10200 Quil Ceda Boulevard
Lemon Soaking Glaze
-wild grapes or the new vine tendrils
Now does that ring some bells? She was the MP who supported the famous Jarrow marchers the following year and presented their petition to parliament. Other highlights of a fascinating political career include responsibility for introducing the Morrison shelters during the war and being appointed as the first woman to hold the cabinet position of Minister for Education (and only the second woman to get her skirted knees under the cabinet table in the history of this country). Tragically it seems that she took an overdose (possibly suicide) in 1947 aged just 55. She did have an unhappy private life, in a secret affair with another prominent politician so there is plenty of fuel for theories as to why she ended her life as she did.
Well hello there!
If we experience any strain in imagining a possibility, we quickly conclude it’s impossible. This principle also helps explain why evolutionary change often goes unnoticed by the experts. The greater the commitment of the expert to their established view, the more difficult it is for the expert to do anything more than to continue repeating their established view. It also explains the phenomenon of a beginner who comes up with the breakthrough insight or idea that was overlooked by the experts who worked on the same problem for years.
Combine all ingredients except for the choc. chips. Make sure all ingredients are well combined, all oats moistened. *If you're making the entire tray of baked oatmeal with choc. chips, you may combine the choc. chips now. Spoon into and spread in a greased 9x9 baking dish. *If you're only making 1/2 of the tray with choc. chips, sprinkle 1/4 cup of choc. chips over 1/2 of the unbaked mixture.
Thank you Lord.....
Perhaps, instead, you have arranged transportation on both ends. If you use a taxi or other service, it probably costs more than the flight. If you have someone take you and pick you up then hopefully they are reliable and on time.
To dull masturbation I must regress.
3. A wife is a s*x object. Every time you ask for s*x, she objects.
I confessed to her outside the post office on a rainy day before Christmas, and I owe a great deal to this lovely friend because she didn’t feel threatened by my new beliefs. Instead she listened patiently as rain hit the top of the umbrella and rolled down in rivulets onto the sidewalk.
Yet in ALL & ONLY White countries, anti-Whites posing as “anti-racists” demand those countries stop being White and become “multicultural”. This is genocide – the targeted destruction of a group.
BUT....even I have to admit that the shelves, closets and cupboards are a bit crowded right now!
Right, you may have heard that while not all cookies are bad, they still need to be cleared every so often. So what are cookies and when should you delete them?
52. Find a church that suits me.
“Please go to the CISD office.”
* rootfs:ufs
I thought I’d throw in some pictures of Upwards Soccer. It has been a lot of fun so far. Both the kids are playing this season and have loved it. Our directors are amazing and so well organized. It’s really been fun to finally be a part of it with our kids playing. Mitchell doesn’t like basketball and Sophie chose ballet over cheering this year so neither were involved until now. But they both are really enjoying it and so are we. I’m sure we’ll participate in the summer camp if they do it again this year. Sophie cheered last year and we ask Mitchell to do the week of basketball camp even though he doesn’t want to. It’s good for him and he accepts it well.
Du Preez is not alone in this; his choice of issues and attitudes are universally common in Afrikaner opinion makers all over South Africa, including newspaper editors and even political figures. It appears that the story of Afrikaners in post-1994 South Africa is not a story worth filing, and that even Afrikaner opinion makers cannot look with compassion on the sufferance and failings of their own ethnic group. The post-1994 Afrikaner experience is a rich source of captivating stories. Stories of crime and discrimination abound. One captivating story involves a young farmer who survived an attack at the hands of two black assailants by playing dead after being shot three times. A fluent speaker of Sotho, he addressed his assailants in Sotho while they were beating him. They responded by ordering him to speak Afrikaans during his beating. This, unfortunately, is also the Afrikaner experience since 1994, unrecorded and ignored by the Afrikaner elite. There is also a tendency in the mainstream Afrikaans press to condemn Afrikaners who dare speak out against crime or discrimination against Afrikaners. The destruction of Afrikaner institutions and the subsequent confidence crisis among Afrikaners is a potent political story that should be recorded and told.
As DSG transforms the nature of US combat realigning its forces beyond the Mideast, the US will “of necessity” rebalance toward the Asia-Pacific region in recognition of the ‘growth of China’s military power….to avoid causing friction in the region.” Recognizing that ‘over the long term, China’s emergence as a regional power will have the potential to effect the US economy and our security in a variety of ways,” refers to more than just the US missing an interest payment on its debt or China knocking on our door to demand payment.
Rachel got up from her computer chair and discovered her butt was a bit numb. Maybe Jessica was right...well, a tiny bit right. She should probably cut down her computer time a little bit. Get some exercise.
As much as it pains me to say this, it is with deep regret that I have decided to close up shop on Domesticity.
Anyone exactly like you
In Chinese, virtually no derivational morphology is now productive and it is unclear to what extent it was active even in antiquity. Now, morphology is a central tool of etymology in those languages that have it. In its absence, in Chinese, one of the principles of etymology is that phonologically similar words of similar meaning may be placed together and called a “word family” (tóngyuán yǔzú 同源語族). I have discussed some of the issues surrounding early Chinese morphology and word families in two papers (Branner 2002, 2003 in the references at the bottom of this post). Victor Mair has just mentioned this issue in a criticism of William Rozycki’s 1997 essay on “phonosymbolism” and I am moved to comment here.
The fishing ship is believed to be from Hokkaido and is the first such vessel discovered. Forecasters had predicted that it was only a matter of time that derelict ships from the outbreak would reach the Eastern Pacific. Computer modeling from the University of Hawaii postulates that the majority of debris won’t make landfall until 2014.
We are at war with our own establishments Captain.
How windy was it? It was so windy that an attempt to take a sip of my delicious Tanzania Peaberry coffee from PICR resulted in coffee on my hat, glasses, and binoculars. It was so windy that my major challenge of the day was keeping my hat on rather than repelling invasive dogs. It was so windy that I actually got blown over while attempting to walk up to the boardwalk to get out of the wind. The wind kept the birding action pretty low.
But I didn’t like it. I never really got the hang of positioning, and always felt as though Nookie was about to fall out. She would wriggle and work herself loose. And it wasn’t as easy to get her in and out of as I had thought, as each time I needed to put her in it I would have to readjust the whole thing. I just couldn’t get used to it. I gave it away to a colleague whose daughter had just had a baby, after just a couple of weeks.
Every year there is always something I plan to spend most of my budget on; last year it was VSF and Infinity, the year before was Secrets of the Third Reich, this year it is Dystopian Wars (and maybe 7TV).
Oh, yeah - about that "Democrats are soft on defense" meme?
4) lose weight
I suppose like most nerds brought up on hard sci-fi - that trinity of Asimov, Clarke and Heinlein, shading off into new wave: Philip K. Dick, Ursula Le Guin and Stanislaw Lem - I've always regarded film and TV as the poor cousins of "real" science fiction.
Dried chillies, 3 pcs (optional)
This makes me really, really, really happy that I’ve been going to those BodyPump classes at my gym.
What would have you done in my shoes? Chased after him and made him sit in circle? Left the class?
So on to this year....we still have the snow, so things on the doodling front have slowed a little as the school has been closed most of this week....
Necessary to emit passion
Mommy clapped her hands, fake nails making little clicking noises. “I hope you saved just a bit of room for pineapple upside-down cake!”
It seems foreordained that "wanderlust" Scarlett would ask me a traveling question! I'd probably go around the world, visiting the settings included in the book I am writing, Around the World in 80 Books, which covers both fiction and nonfiction accounts of people living in the widest possible variety of places I can find in print. Though my intended audience is book clubs and individuals who have no one to discuss a book with, I can imagine it being taken on trips with travelers who want to read about the places they are visiting.
society…can now claim that it presided over a fair and credible
Ndebele hit back by insisting that there was "no way" the government would abandon e-tolling.
His loneliness now has a possible cure but no matter how hard he tries he doesn't seem to be able to make that connection with her that he so longs for. So the book is in part a meditation on love, loneliness and desire, but near its end, when the reader is more aware of what exactly is going on, Casares takes his themes even further returning to something our convict had been theorising about as he sat in the dock during his trial.
So I know what I weighed the day I went to the Ob/Gyn the first time, and my goal weight is about 10 pounds less than that. The weight I remember before that black time. And I don’t think that it is too much. It is 20 pounds heavier than I weighed in high school, a weight that I am not sure that it is possible for me to ever weigh again. Your body changes after child birth and I accept that.
002.193 YUSUFALI: And fight them on until there is no more Tumult or oppression, and there prevail justice and faith in Allah; but if they cease, Let there be no hostility except to those who practise oppression.
I try to think of the Labor movement, not as putting an extra sixpence into somebody’s pocket, or making somebody Prime Minister or Premier, but as a movement bringing something better to the people, better standards of living, greater happiness to the mass of the people. We have a great objective – the light on the hill – which we aim to reach by working the betterment of mankind not only here but anywhere we may give a helping hand. If it were not for that, the Labor movement would not be worth fighting for.
High school textbooks start at $14.99, the company said.
Sigh. The truth is, that microwave is sitting right next to the doorway that leads to our bedroom. I walk by it about 100 times a day. I myself don't know how I didn't notice the dang thing.
Supplies by Anna Aspnes' ArtPlay Palette Blossom.
Carrie Fundingsland – It’s actually a collaboration with my mother. She’s a fine artist and sculptor, and has a long history of working with leather. We have very different visions – she’s very detailed, where I am more loose and free flowing – which has made it a bit challenging working together. The line is going to be a modern take on Western and Native American themes. I’ve also incorporated a lot of plants native to the area I grew up in. We’re starting with prints and then hope to add in some textures.
About 1 Tbsp. unsalted butter
My wife's mouth was just hanging open at the wonderment that was the backstage area. This was her first time backstage at a huge show. Kasey commented on the moment Kate Hudson walks backstage in Almost Famous. You need to soak it in. Backstage there was chocolate fondue, candy, red bull shots, you name it, it was probably there.
Dear Sava and my peers,
First, let's face it: It's a man's world. I realized this back in 1991 when they delayed the broadcast of The Tonight Show with Johnny Carson to tell us that Magic Johnson had AIDS. I'm sure he's a lovely man, but Magic Johnson was just one of many equally famous sports stars--it wasn't like, holy shit, the greatest athlete of all time has AIDS. I remember thinking, what woman would be so important that the announcement of her disease would necessitate the delay of the Johnny Carson show? Over 20 years later, I still don't have an answer to that question.
Here’s my lamp before. White….boring… (Sorry for the awful picture, I was taking it while my husband was sleeping and I didn’t want to put the lights on!)
I'm back. The computer's fixed...well enough so I can go on the internet anyway.
Gary Megson was pleased with players’ performance for the important triumph. He said:
And anyway, it was a really exciting chance to wear my favorite little hair decorations. I've had these little jewels for ages, and they are always just the thing to stick in when earrings or necklaces seem like too much. And of course I feel weird and naked without something on my head, so this hugely ephemeral black bow had to go on, if only to make things ever-so-slightly more theatrical!
Maddy is a 19-year-old Spanish-American girl who lives in the sleepy town of Summervale set in the US state of New Jersey. She was left with just her father and three brothers at the age of 2 years when her mother disappeared, seemly from the face of the Earth, and left just a small, green-jewelled necklace for Maddy. It’s only until the day of her nineteenth birthday that she discovered exactly why –the day she bumps into a man in a brown suit who changes her life forever.
Our narrator is Clay, who along with much of the cast of Less Than Zero, has survived the last 25 years of increasingly dangerous blandness. Clay is now a writer, with “a very successful shark movie” and a “series about witches that ran for two seasons on Showtime” under his belt. Now he has written a movie, The Listeners, which is in the process of being cast. (“It’s just another movie,” Clay says to his old friend Julian, who objects: “Maybe for others it’s something else. Something more meaningful.” “I get where you’re coming from,” says Clay, “but there’s a vampire in it.”) Clay takes advantage of his connection with the movie to satisfy his appetites for beautiful actors and actresses who want to be cast in it.
The Darkstar American Pale Ale seemed like a good starting pint. It's maybe here that I should have settled on this as my nights choice. However faced with such choice the Six Hop and Saison came and went. As I made my home the avoidance of the 9% Brewdog had me feeling rather smug, though with my frontal lobe throbbing I feel anything but smug and it isn't helped by seeing today's choices tweeting in my feed. Hair of the Brewdog perhaps?
For Death, who strikes whenever he likes,
And the security warden in me said, "Turn off the lights and lock the door before you head to bed.."
9/24 Tempe, AZ @ Nile
Strength: 90/100
(Click below to watch video.)
mommyslittlesunshine.com
The path drops downhill into Fairlight Cove. With no access along the clifftop, I follow the lanes and footpaths through the village. Or at least, I try to: in a couple of places, roads and footpaths end at the crumbling cliff face and I find myself consulting the map for another route. But this rapidly changing coastline means that the map is quickly dating. Around a bend in the road, a building depicted by Ordnance Survey has disappeared, what remains of the garden locked away behind fence with a sign warning ‘Keep Out! Dangerous and unstable ground!’ Other houses cling on precariously, some boarded up, others still occupied, the residents living on borrowed time before inescapable geological forces and a tempestuous sea snatch their homes away, sending them plummeting over the cliff edge.
Gore explained, “People thought I was a good public speaker, but Tiger makes me look like Russell Brand or Robin Williams. Tiger has the potential, with my guidance, to take stilted to a whole new level.”
One of the best things about Apple products is that they’re great looking-in fact, sleek style and sophisticated design are the Apple hallmark. If you’re the professional type, you may want to concentrate on the smooth clean lines of the MacBook in either black or white. Or you may want to show your own personal flair with the MacBook Air’s edgy thin profile. No matter what Apple laptop you choose, you’re going to look stylish!
Don’t overuse who, which and that. Relative pronouns bog down sentences. It’s so easy to get carried away with them. You don’t ever want to have more than one “that” in a sentence. Break it into two sentences if you need to.
If we are to believe the congressional testimony of EPA Administrator Lisa P. Jackson, these experiments risked the lives of these 41 people, at least one of whom was already suffering from heart problems.
“Umm…” said Hermel.
one injury,
1 handle
I remember having a migraine a few days later. Normally I'd tell him about the headache and go lie down. He'd check on me once and see if I needed anything but that was it. This time he practically attached himself to me. He shut the curtains, got my pain meds and rubbed my back till the pain was so bad that I couldn't handle being touched. I think he came in and checked on me every 20 minutes or so. I could barely fall asleep, he was so attentive!
In a debate in Scottish Parliament MSP Christine Grahame said that community stations provided 2,500 volunteering opportunities in Scotland.
In the 1990s, details of the U.S. hand in the massacre became known as several former State Department officials admitted their role publicly. Political officers at the U.S. Embassy in Jakarta handed the Indonesian army lists of PKI leaders in unions, peasant and student organizations that it had compiled. From this, Indonesian army intelligence was able to create a “shooting list” of 5,000 PKI leaders. In the weeks and months that followed, the U.S. embassy and the CIA’s intelligence directorate, Richard Helms, in Washington D.C. checked off the names as they were “eliminated.” How many people were killed by General Suharto and his butchers? Two to three million citizens were slaughtered.[86]
(As an aside! When I see more people responding with a good honest self-evaluation when called out on their prejudiced behavior, I’ll accept that it’s minorities who need to grow a thicker skin, but the biggest hissy fits by far that I’ve seen have come from super defensive people who are just aghast that they’re being expected to adjust their behavior all of a sudden. Maybe when that’s not the case I’ll be willing to focus on the oversensitivity of minorities.)
I did manage to get a couple of decent pictures - here they are.
Every morning when I get ready for work, Alva would sit on the bed and watch me religiously. The thing she enjoys most is watching me put on make up. She'd observe my every move and mimic whatever I do. When I'm finally done she'd smile at me and say "My turn mummy".
Some of you Cocksuckers said that Central States website/Facebook had info about who had it on tap. O'Dowd's in Zona Rosa, some Cocksuckers said. So on the evening of 2/12 I called O'Dowd's and the pleasant little hostess laughed and said I was the fifth call they had received about BCA. Of course, you Cocksuckers had already drained their kegs.
It’s kind of interesting to note the corner I painted myself into. It seems that the world loves and reveres the monk or nun who “gives up the world” for a “higher calling.” And it’s so easy to fall into the trap of feeling special, that somehow you’re doing something “selfless” and beyond the scope of the rest of the world, that achieving the highest spirituality somehow required a separation from the world. In fact the world and worldly pastimes (especially sex) was a sort of enemy—one to be denied and fought. And the ones who fought the hardest were the ones most revered, even if the battle left physical and mental scars.
Everyone has been in a financial bind before and a lifesaver for a large number of people is the payday loan. Some upper class and even middle class people tend to see these loans as beneath them, but nothing could be further from the truth. The middle class are often the ones that make the most use of payday loans and when you are faced with some unexpected expenses, they can really help you out….. More >>
There is a 3-story structure in the rear yard of 463 Dean Street. This type of building is potentially valuable because construction in the rear 30 feet of a lot is no longer permitted (except at corner lots). If demolished it could not be rebuilt. For this reason, most owners would invest in preservation rather than allow it to fall into ruin.
Raisin: 3 tbsp
with the world,
Firstly, every character that wasn’t Shu/Gai/Inori/Mana: they weren’t contributing anything to the episode besides padding. Remove their scenes and it’ll play out exactly the same. How to fix that? Have it so that somewhere in the tower are some sorts of energy concentration things or power plants or fucking something that if taken over/disabled/destroyed would give Shu an upper hand in the fight. This means they are desperately scrambling from skirmish to skirmish, trying their hardest to help out, doing whatever they can to help save humanity. And then you can have the bad guys ambushing and intercepting them to prevent them from winning, to keep Gai in the lead. It even gives opportunities for heroic last stands – “I’ll hold them, Ayase you go on ahead to the main reactor room!” or something like that. Sure, it’s clichéd as fuck but it’s not like this show is a bastion of originality and at least it’s better than the nothing they’re currently doing.
I was so happy to hear him give her the exact correct advice. He told her plain and simple that the situation was wrong, her part in it was wrong and any man would react and feel as “K” does. Many things were brought up, and honestly she does not have much to justify her feelings, except how he made her feel as he spoke his words of angre. Something each one of us can understand in a marital disagreement.
3. Do you have any specific goals for today? (# of books or pages to read?)
I'll be good for you why can't you see?
Her career as one of the Palestinian people's least effective champions began while still an MP when she said she might herself have considered becoming a suicide bomber if she found herself under Israeli occupation.
Authorities say many residents in the region are still missing — some believed to be buried. Hundreds of people are still in areas at risk of fresh mudslides, some cut off from help by washed out roads and bridges while others refuse to leave for fear their houses will be looted.
Horowitz, Anthony. The House of Silk.
* The sub arrives, Widmore looks pissed.
Looking back, I was an amateur. I didn’t know what I was doing. My artwork was fine(ish), but I had none of the technical skills required to change things on request. One particular conversation sticks in my mind:
ZNTWL Blog (zntwlblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
A week after her death, a 14 year old boy who lived in her community had a hunting accident. He was climbing down from the tree stand, talking with his mother on the phone when he dropped the gun. The gun fired, striking this child down. While his mother listened to it happen over the phone. I don't know these people but I am so, so sad for this situation. It makes me hate cell phones even harder. When are people going to realize we don't have a third arm to take care of the many things we feel we must be doing all at once? I can't stop feeling that this could have been prevented. The news informed us a grieving team would be placed at the school so the kids and teachers could get the support and understanding they needed. I wonder if any of their advice was to slow down, do one thing at a time.
So hoping today was going to be pretty good I woke up and before 9am had two problems! My dog decided to piss in my kitchen! I am livid! When did she decided to pee on my floor and why didn't my husband who left at 7 either see this or let her out?!?! So not only am I mad at her I'm mad at my husband! Let me also mention we just spent $300+ on electric fence only to have her high tail it out yesterday and cause a nasty convo with a neighbor! We're trying dipshit! She just doesn't like me, I swear this dog has something against me!
Hans Deyssenroth - Keyboards, Synthesizers, Computer
Clearly I was in the "thrifty" mode this morning, so I stopped by Goodwill to drop off some clothes (AND to do a little treasure hunting...)
Remember, once they are on campus as a first year cadet, or knob, they are not in control of their time. YOU have to defer to THEIR instructions about when and where to meet and what they want to do.
14. The HIV Song 3:14
Last weekend, I attended worship services with a church in a rural community with a friend. And while we were able to catch up and have some meaningful and in-depth conversations, I found myself realizing and verbally saying, “I’m not normal, and that’s why my life is lived this way. It’s lived by faith and not sight. So when asked, I can’t tell people what lies ahead that has not been revealed yet.”
Well, I was going to make squash/potato/onion/garlic latkes.
Any other fans out there?
Um, yeah. How could I not count Anne + Gilbert??? Ever since I first read the Anne books at age 7, I've been a fangirl. Gilbert is ... well, he's probably one of the most perfect literary heroes there is. Yeah, I said it. And the truly wonderful thing is, Montgomery let us follow the romance the whole way: we meet Anne and Gilbert as children, watch them fight and compete and finally become friends; then struggle to understand their hearts and move into adulthood. We see their children, their children's romances. I love it. Love-love it. And who could forget that Gilbert likes smart girls?
(While this scene was funny, it was all very suspicious. Who turns down a free cupcake? True--they were vegan, but still. Those cupcakes could have been made of wet sand and I'd still take one.)
Jesus was letting the religious order of the day know that the thing originally intended by this scripture was about to be accomplished. And, it would be accomplished in/by/through him.
Just as Katie’s singing held the moment between this generation and the next, the two earlier events marked a pivotal moment in the world of books. As Orion Chief Executive Peter Roche said in his speech, 'The world of the written word has experienced its biggest transformation since the invention of the printing press'.
in summary: riding my bike. knitting with friends. a quiet warm air about the house.
Anyways, last weekend my design sidekick, Carolee (ha! Can I call you that!?!) and I wallpapered a wall for my uncle and his soon-to-be wife. Here’s how it turned out:
Three cheers for Arizona!
Luck.
Sooo... that is my review, please share your thoughts! I really recommend those lashes for everyone! I will try to post reviews for the 3 other Diamond Lash types I have at home: Princess, Celeb and Dolly. ^^* But from now on, this week will be busy at work, including a 2 day work trip on thursday/friday, so the next blog update will probably be in march... already march! The time flies so fast!! D: Got to pat this wrinkle cream onto my face everyday, gasp!! I'll be a granny before I know it, scary! ;))
No. 3 LA Lakers vs. No. 6 Denver Nuggets
7 The Lord is for me among those who help me;
Okaaaay.....so much for that idea.
Maid of Honor – Emily Grieves
For those of you raised on Swamp People who believe gator hunting is as easy as shooting a gator in the head with a .22 while it chokes on a hooked chicken thigh, know Florida does not allow the use of firearms. Nor baited hooks – baited pegs, yes.
IRAQ IS REBUILDING ITS ECONOMY
Cover with a damp cloth and place in a warm dry place to rise for another hour.
Thursday Stewie had it.
changes in the circumstances around me to conform with God’s Will for my life. I’m
When this same marketing person asked if I’d be willing to interview Sullivan as my blog entry, I was equal parts nervous and excited. I checked the tape recorder more times than was necessary. I made sure the battery on my phone was fully charged. I found a quiet room. I forgot to set the speakers in the room to “don’t allow calls” until a co-worker made a storewide page and Sullivan asked, disconcertedly, “Is that you?” All in all, I needn’t have worried. John Jeremiah Sullivan (who quickly had me calling him J.J.) was easy-going and accessible, as transparent in conversation as he is in print. He was one for long pauses (note the …), but it felt less like him crafting the “right” answer and more like him giving the answer some thought. Again, it’s this thoughtfulness that sets his work apart. He may also have been pausing to smoke. He made it clear, at least once, that this is indeed what he was doing. We began with some talk about Austin, how much he was looking forward to his visit, and how much we were looking forward to hosting him. I told him how much I had connected to the book and said:
“A sizeable body of research exploring the nature of consciousness, carried on for more than 30 years in prestigious scientific institutions around the world, shows that thoughts are capable of affecting everything from the simplest machines to the most complex living beings. This evidence suggests that human thoughts and intentions are an actual physical ‘something’ with the astonishing power to change our world. Every thought we have is a tangible energy with the power to transform. A thought is not only a thing; a thought is a thing that influences other things.”
But I didn’t have a choice, I couldn’t exit the popup anyway.. I had to choose from “add what they want (ALL)” or “add individually”.. So I chose individual, and unchecked ALL the boxes..
negative thoughts you can start to replace them with a positive thought you
I have just planted three small apple trees this spring .The trees are all the size of a stout umbrella.One of them, called " James Grieve" is described in the blurb on the label as a " good cropper".
Paolo Gavanelli shouted his way through too much of the role of Dr Dulcamara, but is fine, and does what's required for the laughs. In this production he has an assistant (played by James Bellorini) who communicates only in mime, and we realise why he's so good at conning people: he's a showman and a performer, and Arden extends the idea of his story telling "performance" aria/duet with Adina, to a few of his other numbers, always supported dramatically by the antics of his assistant. It's a nice touch and one that makes the characters far more appealing.
I have to be honest, at first it was a little creepy having birds follow my every move. I mean, I’ve seen Hitchcock’s movie just like everyone else and some part of me knows what birds are truly capable of doing.
Student to bring the following:
Yes, I am a very bad blogger. It is not that I don't want to but finding the time is difficult.
Stop listening to the doom and gloom economic forecasts.
And from the first Strange/Quinn outing... to the second:
She and her daughter, Jennifer (who's a handler) have room for any and all who are seeking refuge from Katrina and her aftermath. Jean's cell phone number is 941-228-8414 (this is a Florida cellnumber, but is active)
The reporter went on to describe how some lawyers feel it is unethical for people to stop making payments when they can afford to do so—but there are others who see it as a mere business deal with no moral import at all. (The radio station was not advocating this point of view.)
I'm sorry I've been a terrible blogger for the past two weeks, but life is/was getting in the way. My new job as a barista at Starbucks has been taking up a huge chunk out of my schedule. It's also the subject of this post--
Recently, these sources informed him that the earthquakes that occurred in Colorado and the Washington DC area, surrounding August 22nd and 23rd, were, in fact, apparently nuclear strikes against underground military facilities.
GIVEAWAY: I mentioned there was a giveaway, right? Agate Publishing is giving away one copy of Baking Basics and Beyond (Second Edition) by Pat Sinclair to one lucky reader. All you have to do is leave me a comment on this blog telling me why you want to win this book. I'll announce a winner on Friday, April 20th. One comment per person, please.
A I Need A Witness
Calixto Anaya, 35, Suffern, N.Y.
It was supposed to be a page about my love for coffe, but in the making it became a page of my love for tea. Guess the other side will be a coffe page then,lol.
TGWD - Then we get into the pages after those where he's planning the evil baby shower...
Give Thanks w G $9.00
I got a paper route as a middle schooler to make some money on my own. Other than some bad rains or heavy holiday ad laden Sunday papers, I delivered those papers on my own with my bike. When I was old enough for a regular job I worked at a department store, a bowling alley, a tuxedo rental shop and throughout my pregnancy and my daughters first year, I worked at a medical research laboratory. Before getting the job I have now, I worked for a pet sitter as well. I never took a dime in public assistance, and I managed to pay my parents rent.
For grade 4 I had to choose what instrument I wanted to learn, and I knew I was meant to be a pianist like my real Grand-mother : Gemma Carreri. The 2 grade prior to grade 4 was manditory violin and recorder flute. I quit the violin as I got blisters on my fingers but I kept up the recorder flute.
Alma
W: Well, I have Mr and Mrs Bond in the car.
JOE: The one thing about The Asylum is that this really isn’t a problem. Doing 27 films in my two years there means there probably isn’t an effect we’ve missed. I think it’s the striving to do some of the effects again with new tools and new understanding BETTER than before which makes it challenging and new again. I actually looked back at some of our older shots a few days ago and was realizing just how much I’d FORGOTTEN that we’d done. That happens when your team does almost 2,000 shots a year…
In other words, we'll be screwed.
- Immigration officials must “ensure” that “immigrants will be useful elements for the country and that they have the necessary funds for their sustenance” and for their dependents. (Article 34)
He tells me to run away before it is late. I drag myself as quickly as possible through dark lanes and reach a railway track. Unable to see clearly I fall and a part of the cloth gets stuck somewhere. I wake up with the hum of an approaching train.
In other news, holy crap its almost March. My birthday is in only 13 days, but it doesn't feel like its almost spring time at all.
Of course, the conference isn't the first time these students were fed such a heavy dose of racism.
There were three bearded men chained to the bucket of an earthmover.
so randomly when we got home from visiting the wright family i decided to begin potty training ava. not sure why. it is not like me at all to just start something. i usually like to have a game plan and a few good reasons as to why i do what i do. but not this time. we went to target for some groceries because i had a coupon and decided to let her pick out a new little potty. i am cheap (about really random things) so i told her to pick out one of the potty seats that set on the toilet. she chose dora the explorer. after much debate between that and elmo. she told me tonight when we were reading an elmo book before bed..."oh, mom i just love elmo." but after a little back and forth she decided on dora. so we began lots of potty talk...such as picking out skittles for her..."i just went potty like a big girl" treat. she was mad that she could not have them immediately while in the aisles of target. off to a good start with the ol' potty reward system. finally she stopped screaming for..."ittles mommy. ittles mommy" throughout most of target and we headed home. although i write my grocery list on my phone i forgot a few things so we stopped at walmart quick. i decided from target to walmart that we needed two potty seats...one for each floor. this time she picked tinkerbell and seemed confident in her decision. so we headed home to begin the potty endeavor. it went surprising well. she sat on her tinkerbell seat and peed like five times. but i realized in this 30 minute span that it was annoying to not be able to actually see her pee since she pees like as much as mouse i feel like. so after unloading groceries we went back. we went back to target and walmart because i am crazy. returned dora to target and bought an actual legit potty chair from walmart. a frog potty chair actually. home we went. without really looking into how to potty train a little girl..i stripped off her pants and sister ran around nakes and no accidents. all luck. i am well aware. today same game and one little accident. i ran upstairs to put away some laundry and i heard from the babysit..."sorry mommy. sorry mommy." cleaned it up and i appreciated that she felt a little bad about peeing through her big girl panties. today we were mostly home to really set her up well for the whole potty training but we did need to go see the doctor for an ear infection follow up and just as i thought...still infected. got some new medicine and headed home for some good time with daddy.
Stalking upon the mountains, and sometimes a Whale, I lash
Group visits are by reservation only and must be arranged in advance.
I saw a few people accuse Mod. LOL
Human Rights Law
I also want to look at the kinds of literature that Seneca recommends people should read. It’s obvious in some cases that he’s referring to what we would classify as ‘literature’ (that is, Homer and similar authors), and in other places that he’s thinking of philosophical writing. I want to see if there are differences in how he conceptualises reading and the sorts of benefits we get out of it, and if what we read matters more than how we read. And that, I think, remains a live question in the cultural discourse that surrounds us today.
However, and this is a big however, it is actually quite a thin beer and while the bitterness is beautifully and painfully intense that's really all there is too it. I wish it had delivered in taste what I had imagined from the aroma, but I guess that would be missing the point. I've never had a beer this bitter and I like beers that push boundaries and this most certainly does, I while I don't feel let down I just want a bit more balance, roundedness and flavour.
According to the guide books, it is an area to be avoided, crawling with pickpockets and...darkly...worse.
MONTANO DE. Predicting and understanding influenza vaccination behaviour: alternatives to the health believe model. Med Care 1986; 24: 438-453.
In a large salad bowl, mix together kale and arugula. Arrange persimmons wedges and pomegranate arils and sprinkle Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese on top.
I mean, really. They have 9 subscribers. I have over 2000 and I’m not even trying to add more. They think their weak-ass and anonymous multiple accounts is somehow “applying pressure on Desteni.” Wow. I have to admit, that’s as lame as internet bullying can get. I mean, forming a cult-watch you tube channel to stop a perceived “danger” can only be done by mental cases, bored housewives and nerds needing girlfriends.
Status: On hold at the library, #3 in the queue
#sky, #iphoneography, #photooftheday, #followme (way to be discrete), and #puppy.
But I sit here and try to put the events of tonight in some sort of logical order or even coherent sentences and I got nothing. It's all just a mish-mash in my head right now.
The final ten minutes of the series almost achieves something close to pathos but it doesn’t feel earned. The drama works a touch better than the comedy which ranges from zany moments that don’t work at all (Shaun Micallef as a gynecologist! Wacky! Zack doing a nudey run past the Sunrise windows! Look out!) to pop culture dropping one-liners that just fall flat. The finale featured one guy referencing “Schoolies ’98! Who Let The Dogs Out?” to a chant of “WOOF. WOOF. WOOF.” Which would be fairly unfunny at the best of times, but made even less funny simply because that song wasn’t released until two years after Schoolies ’98.
They knew Vasotec® contained sodium bicarbonate, but they did not know how sodium bicarbonate functioned in Vasotec® or that the "alkali or alkaline earth metal carbonate" recited in claim 16 included bicarbonate. Bench Trial Opinion, 2004 WL 1498162, at *11-12 (finding Dr. Murthy and Dr. Harris "completely credible" witnesses). We cannot say that the district court committed clear error in assessing the credibility of these witnesses and finding an absence of deceitful intent.
Picture this: After months of waiting, your property dispute or society imbroglio finally comes up for hearing. Enter the court reporter — seeing his presence in the court causes a palpable impact on the behaviour of lawyers and judges alike. However, if the Supreme Court of India has its way this Tuesday, court reporters across India will now have to follow guidelines on how to report matters of their beat. The court will be hearing interventions in the matter of ‘framing of guidelines for reporting of cases in media.’
Oppenheimer’s was continually wrestling with the advancement of science and the political and military use of those breakthroughs. Oppenheimer wanted the government to be careful about how and if the bomb was used again. His public views on the subject cost him his security clearance and therefore his position on the advisory committee in the fifties.
For you who are familiar with K-Pop will definitely knows this boy band. Or probably you are a fan of MBLAQ, you have to know everything about this boy band for sure. MBLAQ consists of 5 members, they are Seungho, G.O, Lee Jun, Thunder, and Mir. As long as I know, they are very popular in Korea. I can’t say anything more about MBLAQ because I don’t know them so well, I’m afraid that I will be mistaken and make A+ (a name given for MBLAQ’s fandom) going mad at me. But, all I know is each member of MBLAQ can be good father in the future.
I was doing great, I tell you! Shaving the fur wasn't so bad. Didn't even hurt! Until...
variation of one of my favorite poems by edna st vincent millay
There was no response, and I was glad for it. It was true, I had learned to talk back to my master with my mind, which seemed to impress it more than spoken words. But this was as far as I ever wanted to have an argument with an Itaranga.
Hello my blogging friends! Today I am sharing a tri-fold card I made using several Our Daily Bread designs sets. The ocean scene is from the Feb. release (to be released Feb. 1), The Mighty Sea, as are the sentiments. I made a belly band from twine attached to my sentiment tag.
(I've been a fan of Steven Curtis Chapman for many years. My kiddos just about wore out his cassette tapes when they were little! After all these years, and all he and his family have experienced, he still rings true on the Message. If you're not familiar with him, and his family's story, I urge you to check him out HERE.)
Q: Can a text article in the print edition be converted to an audio or video article in the digital edition without the original text?
So I get my hands up under me to push myself up to turn around and she reaches out, grabs my cast a little below the knee and YANKS it towards towards her trying to swing me around! The same direction it broke in the first place!
Last week, the government banned a pressure group Activist for Change (A4C). A4C is campaigning for good governance and freedom in Uganda.
Having recently go through this with one of my clients…….. honestly makes me think twice about being a landlord.
On my walking route there is one of those dogs that I worry about what happens when he finally comes through the fence. The owners have lost a previous dog that was killed when he came out and chased one too many vehicles and caught the truck. Yet they don’t come out and work with their new dog when he comes running out hackles up when anything car, truck or person walks down the road. When they first got the new dog they came out on stood on the back step and yelled across the yard at the dog. The dog did not listen, and they have long since given up and no longer come out to holler at their dog. It was too much trouble and he wasn’t leaving their yard so they gave up. Now the dog has discovered how to get out of the yard and into their pasture. What keeps this dog from me when walking is now only a few strands of barbed wire. He is still in their yard but just barely. They see nothing wrong with this because he is still in their yard, and yes they are technically correct. On the other hand they are one step away from another disaster, and they could prevent it by being a responsible dog owner.
“Never been wrong/Never been right,” Imaginary War lead singer Tom Dunphy cries at the outset of their latest EP, The Angel’s Share. “Still I’m running/Still I’m running for my life.” Reinvention is a common theme in music. As a band transitions from one album to the next, it is inevitable that parts of their sound will change. For the Asbury Park four-piece’s latest effort, the band sought out a harder, more Rock N’ Roll sound as opposed to the Folk and Alt-Country twangs of its past. The band’s Springsteen-Americana influences have remained, but the distortion knob has been turned up substantially.
So now I am taking oestradiol again, and thinking of coming off it more gradually to keep the moods in check. I am more worried about thromboses than cancer, but do not want either. I think the oestradiol has done all it can to produce the secondary characteristics. A tranny part of me is pleased to go through something that women sometimes go through.
Therefore, before you complain about the rising gas prices, think about these few benefits that could transpire out of this supposed despair. I for one am glad that gas prices are progressing at such a rate.
"ANOTHER VIEW OF THE PATTISONS FIASCO.
Same with card making, invitation creating, and baby books. I love it...when someone else does it.
Tears streamed down my face. "Yes."
“Seven-thirty,” she answered, barely audible.
Grand National record: 1996 Over The Stream (13th); 1997 River Mandate (PU 21st); 1998 St Mellion Fairway (4th); 1999 Nahthen Lad
"You're bleeding Jess .. " he makes a hesitant gesture towards her face as he notices the trickle of blood extending from her right nostril. She disbelievingly wipes her top lip with her hand. Within seconds, she begins to convulse, a writhing mess on the floor being restrained by four men. She's foaming at the mouth and growling like a dog, her back contorted before she relaxes with the loosening of a bowel movement and takes her last gasp.
An animal need raw and hungry for completion ran through him and for a moment he wanted to pick her up and make his lap her new seat. Just the thought of her warm peachy buttocks spread on top of his legs nearly made him finish what she’d started.
Here’s a helpful Wall Street Journal article that my dad sent over:
It's been a school year full of changes. Some good ones, and some that have been very hard to get used to. We've had our share of drama, snags along the way but I have no doubt we'll all come out on top feeling good for having persevered.
She is still becoming.
18. But the Drys had been beaten. Prohibition continued to recede, the WCTU became a joke, the ASL withered and died (corrupt itself, at the end), and "temperance" was forgotten. The New Drys, the neo-prohibitionists, didn't really start to re-group until the 1960s, when they found a new home among the Science Geniuses and the Safety Nazis, the good people who were going to save us from ourselves with Science. They realized that Prohibition had been tried, and failed. They openly announced that they would bring their new order to the nation by limiting access to booze (liquor license procedures), by tightening who could drink (the 21 LDA), by re-defining "drunk" (the 0.08 BAC DUI limit), and by raising excise taxes. And that's what they've been hammering away on ever since, with some success.
My faith has been shelved of late, but it's time to retrieve it.
My second project will be going off to my daughter's teacher as part of her Thank You gift for the wonderful school year they've had! We love Mrs. Bazil and couldn't have been happier Payton was lucky enough to be in her class this year. I found this adorable glass jar with the cute little red gingham cloth and knew it had to have a red bow for the top! I also used a previously released stamp set called Flags and Tags to make the label. Don't you just LOVE that font? So perfect for these types of gifts! This bow was created using the LARGE bow die and red felt. Again, I found it very easy to just stitch the layers together on the backside.
I’m just one of those who don’t belong
Take some photos in the library (sorry for the bad lighting – it was raining outside). Thanks to the Children's Librarian for letting me borrow a piece of blue construction paper for the background!
Remember that before Constantine, it was illegal to be a Christian, just as it was very difficult to be a Christian in Ukraine under the Soviets. So Valentine -- in my mind -- stands for love, for healing, and for being faithful to Christ in spite of difficulties. You have noticed that the Obama administration in Washington is trying to force people to accept a health care system that directly violates some core Catholic teachings; many of the (Latin-Rite) bishops have said they will not go along with it, and at least one has said he will go to jail rather than comply. I don't know what the Ukrainian patriarch and Bishop Richard Stephen have said (I don't have my new issue of Nova Zorya yet), but I bet they also will refuse to comply.
Man, does that kid have a memory or what? I am sure this conversation had to occur many months ago, as he hasn't seen Joni recently!
Four years ago we bought a large plot of land, with spectacular views, above the pretty little village of Guajar Alto between Granada and the Mediterranean coast in Andalucia, Southern Spain. On the land was a small house of only 50 square metres. We extended the house, surrounded it with terraces, put in a swimming pool, built a garage/ workshed, revived the olive trees and made a vegetable garden.
-From Inside Flap
Piranha sounds - la turbie piranhienne
On the Canadian wilds I fold; feeble my spirit folds,
Although this scent is not included in the typical Eczema Solutions Sample Pack. I thought I would like to review it as I have not tried a musk scent in a very long time.
The truth is that it is by accepting our sending that we find life in all its fullness. Accepting it without complaining, accepting it without grumbling, accepting it as God’s grace to us. Too often we moan that there are too few of us, or two few doing all the jobs, or complaining that people don’t see things the same way as we do. In these circumstances, if our church life feels like a burden then perhaps we haven’t determined our sending. Once we have stopped running away, stopped fearing that we will be taken, blessed, broken and given to others, then we wonder why we ran in the first place.
The first iteration of the G-Cloud store is now up and running with 257 suppliers offering the public sector around 1,700 cloud computing services for year-long contracts.
I’m having a launch party on my Facebook Fan Page for my upcoming book
It is evolving because, even though it is often said that the theory of modern democracy was not formulated until the Age of Enlightment (17th/18th centuries), the American Revolution and the French Revolution when philosophers defined the essential elements of democracy, it has always been central to democratic principle and concept: the separation of powers, basic civil / human rights and fundamental liberty.
But you know all this. You likely know more.
For the Christian mocking laughing all the way to martyrdom for refusing to renounce the name of Jesus.
Their conversation would come short when a frost-type Cherubim from the original series invading their lives. The nice sunny day quickly turns into a blizzard, freezing the lake they were once swimming on. As everyone takes cover, Andy would subconsciously wish to crawl into a hole after what he just did, causing him to unconsciously dig a hole through the plane and into the earth’s crust. Mix, Yunoha, and Malloy would question what Andy was doing and try to get him while Amata, Sazanka, and Cayenne got on the vectors and transformed into Gepard to deal with the Cherubim. Mikono and Zessica would hide in a cave, believing that Amata will save them.
They were all nuts. Totally.
Nixon opens its district season Friday against Cigarroa at Shirley Field, at 7:30 p.m.
If the south carolina insurance comapny or whistleblower plaintiff should contact an experienced FCA litigation attorney. Few attorneys handle qui tam or whistleblower plaintiff should contact an experienced South Carolina Honors College, which is located near the lovely oceanfront community of Myrtle Beach Pavilion is also known for its long and grueling question and answer session which can last for hours.
(I actually have a lot of freedom. But considering I was planning on discharging from the Res house on Jan 16 and starting school a few days later without even going partial, you can hopefully understand some of the restlessness.)
What makes Dilip Kumar so inescapable? Why do actors keep bumping into him even when they desperately attempt to avoid him? Specially when they desperately attempt to avoid him? I am still waiting for an actor who is not obliged to take a leaf from the ‘Book of Dilip Kumar’ every time he has to do a scene. From Rajendra Kumar to Manoj Kumar and Amitabh Bachchan to Shah Rukh Khan, the performances of Indian actors in every generation have been successfully burgled into by Dilip Kumar. Whether they admit it or not (most do, some grudgingly, some privately, some openly).
There are, however, manufacturing applications that 3D printing may never be suited to. Objects that are both simple and large, and electronic devices, will be immune to disruption – at least for the present. Conventional manufacturing processes such as injection molding are better suited to large print runs of relatively simple objects. As Hod Lipson of Columbia University points out, 3D printing is economical when fabricating objects that have a high complexity/volume ratio. A large, generic, plastic garden table may never be economic to print – provided the production runs are sufficiently high. The cut off for 3D printing becoming competitive with injection molding is difficult to define, but one experimental 3D printing technology that fuses ink jet and laser sinter 3D printing should bring the cost per item down to a level where it can compete with injection-moulding for runs of up to a hundred thousand units, according to Neil Hopkinson, who is developing the technology at Loughborough University.
But will I stay with the titles and theme?
Fresh from his Wessex home -
--Ingrid Bergman writes a letter to a friend from the set of Under Capricorn, quoted in My Story
I traveled lightly and carried only the D90 with Tokina 35 combo. I was satisfied.
Kool Marder: It has a good beat and you can dance to it.
oddly enough the one with the best body is the one i'm most embarrassed about. john cena. yes...of the wrestling ring. my son watches wrestling. it's worse than reality tv in my book. BUT...oh.my.lord. this boy has an amazing body. do you SEE those abs?
Natural Family Planning (NFP)
(I wrote this review last year after seeing this film when I was in Leicester Square and knackered and just wanted to sit in a cool quiet theatre…I had no idea what I was in for. Enjoy my thoughts from nearly a year ago and thoughts I still stand by!)
Drunvalo is a very gifted teacher. He teaches about the Flower of Life; he also teaches the Mer-ka-ba, an ancient term that defines the human light body, and how we can “travel” using it. He is extremely knowledgeable – as you see from his videos – and he is also deeply connected to his inner child and his heart. He is a joy to listen to and be around, even though it’s sometimes hard to keep up with the wisdom he shares. I have had the pleasure of attending several of his day seminars while still living in the Great Northwest, and they were always full of wisdom and “new awakenings” for me personally. Here is a “Heaven & Earth Meditation” by Drunvalo that will help to connect you to your Sacred Heart where we can experience the oneness with all. Drunvalo says that this is the most important meditation we can be doing these days!
We ended the trip with a great family style meal at Cracker Barrel. And that's how it should have ended a family style meal. Because we are family. I am so glad that I had the opportunity to get to know the people that I went on this trip with more than I already did. I hope to get to hang out with them more than I did before we went. They are some great people after God's heart.
Oh yes! I almost forgot! Thank-you all so much for the wonderful replies to the 'Pale and Interesting' giveaway. There were so many good answers that I couldn't possible choose my one most important thing any more! But we did choose one answer and the winner is Gill, because when I look back over the pictures of the old house, the one thing that tugs at my heartstrings, aside of the view out the window, is my old Aga! Send me your address Gill and I'll send over your prize.
* 1 large can chunk white chicken breast, shredded (I baked a few chicken breasts and used those instead... I can't stand canned chicken!)
“You’ve been exposed.” The opening words of Ms. O’Donnell’s book grabbed my attention immediately. From that moment, I was pulled into Demetrius and Jade’s dangerous world and found myself racing alongside them as they tried to stay one step ahead of their enemies.
A final point: police forces have often been asked – indeed, some have offered – to take drugs dogs into psychiatric facilities to help identify patients who possess illicit substances or to identify whether drugs have been brought in. Knowing a few dog handlers quite well, it’s fair to say that those who have done it have sometimes reported that the dog thought it was Christmas because every ‘find’ gets a reward (usually a toy, sometimes a snack). In some wards, no issues at all.
There are various taxonomies of explosives, but the one that concerns us here is as follows. Broadly speaking, explosive substances can be sub-divided into three different types: primary explosives, which are relatively easy to detonate with temperature, shock, or electric spark (e.g. nitroglycerine, lead azide, TATP), secondary explosives, which are less sensitive and safer to handle (e.g. PETN, RDX), and tertiary explosives, which are the least sensitive and hardest to detonate of all (e.g. ANFO, TNT). Primary explosives are far too easily detonated to be used safely in large amounts, but they have the explosive power necessary to detonate the more stable secondary explosives, which can in turn be used to detonate tertiary explosives. As such, the problem facing the would-be bomb-builder is how to produce or obtain a set of explosive substances that allows him to create a sequence of explosions, that, concatenated into the tiniest fraction of a second, result in an explosion that satisfies his criteria.
…..so me, my girls, and my hubs pulled an all nighter.
like a cookie day. And
Hunt has shown he isn't fit for his role and can't be trusted. He thinks this is business as usual and it’s up to us to prove him wrong. Join the urgent call. Click below and forward to everyone: "
Meal Plan
blown Rose beauties, too, to sniff
the sound of whales communicating.
I decided to only add a small pop of color to the cheeks and left the rest of image alone to shine!
But I do have questions about the end... For one thing - they said that the planet was cracking apart - and yet he "saved" them in the Library's core. They're not safe for very long then...?
- My favorite french words so far are : pamplemousse (grapefruit), ronronnement (a cat's purr) (it's really fun to say) and shampooing, which is pronounced sham- pwan.
I wish I could come up with list of all of the things that I did and accomplished, but I cannot.
This is my (fiction) summer reading list so far. Note: it includes both contemporary and classic selections.
A small town in the southwest of France hosts an annual festival devoted to American country music. This isn't the first time I've heard about the strong grip that the myth of the Old West has on the French psyche.
Bio; Polish-Canadian visual artist Karo uses various materials and mediums in her art. Through photography and painting Karo produces eclectic collections of portraiture and landscapes. A graduate of the Ontario College of Art & Design (2005) Her works have been featured in various group art exhibitions in Toronto and Peterborough, and published in The Photo Cad Book (2001) as well as Remix Magazine (2005).
There is, first of all, the strong sense of the tragic - of the waste, the loss, of young lives: 62,000 in that First War, in a population of just on four million. What that must have meant to particular towns and families and workplaces is staggering to think of. A society that does not recognise and mark with awe the presence of death, that has no sense of the tragic, is a poor one. Dying is a solemn fact of life; it is something we all understand and must come to. There is for all of us a close and personal mystery in it that touches us darkly - even the young feel that. And the death of a young person, the brutal fact of a life cut short, brings the possibility and the tragedy poignantly home; and this is especially so if the death happens in the chosen and public context of service ...
And the past two days I have felt MUCH better!! I’m glad that little funk is over!!
8. Philadelphia
While it's perfectly valid to ignore the publication of a book and treat it as any other day, Cyn and I have had a policy since we started in the business of celebrating each success, however small. As Bradley Sanguini says, "Life merits celebration." And the hatching of a new book is a big deal.
We then went onto Station Mill Antiques in Chipping Norton, Oxfordshire on the recommendation of the ladies at the Old Pill Factory. It was two floors of pure antique and vintage heaven and I would recommend a visit. There is also a delightful cafe that serves the most heavenly toasties. Apparently it has just reopened after a devastating fire which damaged large parts of the building.
I just made a paper airplane out of my math homework paper. You can do these things in homeschooling.
Together, we’ve made much progress. We’ve reached an agreement to transition detention facilities to Afghan control, and to put Afghans in the lead on special operations. And today, we’re agreeing to be long-term partners in combating terrorism, and training Afghan security forces, strengthening democratic institutions and supporting development, and protecting human rights of all Afghans. With this agreement, the Afghan people in the world should know that Afghanistan has a friend and a partner in the United States.
My life is a two dollar beer
Im showing you the skins in the Dusty tone.
I bury the pain
The perfectionist says not to hit the “post” button for my blog until I know every word is just right.
I learned that in European mythology, ravens act as messengers or guides, and sometimes a deity will appear in their guise. The Norse god, Odin, is accompanied by two ravens, Huginn and Muninn (“Thought” and “Memory”), who fly around the world and bring back news. Two wolves also accompany Odin, nicely echoing their connection with ravens in the wild. The Roman historian, Tacitus, linked Odin (and his Anglo-Saxon counterpart, Woden), with the messenger god, Mercury. Woden, Mercury and his Greek equivalent, Hermes, were all psychopomps, guides of souls to the afterlife. Certain animals were also considered to be psychopomps, including ravens. In my charcoal drawing above, the raven is in an imaginary night landscape, perhaps on the lookout for souls!
So...getting back to my stark white mini blinds....I wanted to do something to add a little color but not spend a lot of money. This is what I came up with (for the time being) ...I still want curtains or drapes or something pretty on the windows!
Very proud of my girl!
They make examples of every case of murder they commit by being as inhumane as possible and then hail the murderers hero's. The ANC's black Arch Bishop Desmond Tutu defends a man accused of hiring three black men to gang-rape his estranged wife, then cutting off her breasts with an angle-grinder and shooting her 19-year-old son dead at point-blank range, by saying he is "a child of God", with the "capacity to become a saint", because ANC leaders who had also killed and ordered the killings, murders and maiming of thousands of innocent civilian people, had also been raised to the status of "Saint" with the help of the immoral SA churches, liberals and media. Remember that the ANC invented Necklace Murders, pulling tires over people's shoulders, filling it with petrol and lighting them up to make an example of them, terrorising everyone so that no one would dare go up against them for fear of also being killed in such monstrous (or should we say "saintly") ways. They rule by fear, because they are terrorists called freedom fighters. They are freedom fighters because they were free to commit these terrorist acts thanks to the support of the churches, the World's media and the immoral liberals of this sick world. Today they are free to do as they please and they are doing it in every way they please with the support of those very churches, media and liberals.
Stamp the sentiment with Onyx Black and add the stippling. Layer away and now we are done. I have plenty of room to write a nice note.
melancholy and strife
Serving: The pie is best served chilled and in generous wedges.
Yet, men victims are nowhere mentioned in the outrage of the feminist blogrolls. Take for instance the blog of Ms. Nasreen. Here is how she defines “honour killing”:
I feel the desperate need to write, but I don’t know what to say.
Here are some updates!
This morning I felt fantastic - I didn't realize how well until one of the guys from Colorado noted that my stomach must feel better since I was doing handstands on launch! The weather was a bit more stable so we wouldn't be getting too high, but I managed a few low saves and got to try some flat land flying which is new for me. Herminio swooped into the LZ and as we gave him a ride up he said the weather for this week is just supposed to improve. Awesome!
“I was talking to him for about half an hour thinking I was making headway,” said Ritchie. “I said ‘why don’t you come over for a cup of tea, or a beer, if you’d like one?’ He said ‘no’ and stepped straight off the side his hat blew up and I caught it in my hand.”
You fought Ansem, Xemnas, Xehnort, Terra-Xehnort, the same fucking dude
Option 1: Kindle. The DX is more $$, so just a regular Kindle is fine!
Before I started my own veggie patch, I was intimidated by all the gardening knowledge and books out there—as if I’d have to take a graduate-level course to grow a tomato plant. I’ve since discovered that many other adults feel the same way—and it’s a major barrier to getting started at school or at home. But, of course, growing food is a process like any other. You read a bit, talk a bit, learn a bit and make lots of mistakes. It’s books like this one (aimed at kids but perfect for first-time gardeners of any age) that can help all of us feel less intimidated—and in the process become active participants in taking charge of our food system.
I’m not succeeding
"I'll Be Your Mirror" Velvets
While all of the above COULD be solved, it is HIGHLY unlikely, if not dead-bang impossible. The new government is just like the old government, and the power of the unions says there will no austerity. It already has been invoked, but not executed.
Today's photo prompt just doesn't work well with my U topic... "something you're grateful for". (No, sorry, not grateful for unicorns, nor zombies)
Because not everything people say to you in anger or frustration or from their own issues is true.
...And he talked. For me. For him. Talked and talked. He told me the story as I have tried to tell it to you here, from his side as well as ours. He went on talking till it was light, and when I left at five in the morning, he was wondering whether he might as well finish that bit of wall before turning in. There was a lot to get ready, he explained. Carpets. Curtains. Bookshelves.
That was the most cheap disgusting thing I ever seen in diner ever. Give me a break, I CAN MAKE THE CRAP BY MY SELF!
There’s not much pattern anywhere else, though. A simple brown and white comforter dresses the bed, and linen-colored drop cloths trimmed with grosgrain ribbon serve as drapery. “Keeping everything in chocolate and white unites it all,” she says.
After a little more music (the old Glaswegian is swearing into his phone, not at the music but because he swears as punctuation) the big man attempts a desultory conversation with the person across the aisle from him without much response. Everyone feels he is a threat but at least the music is off again.
Sweater: Banana Republic....ebay
(April 2) HEAVY rain has wreaked havoc in the Northern Province of Zambia, destroying more than seven hectares of cassava fields and led to the collapse of houses. (Source)
Crispin Cider
The reviews:
As well seeing Anwyl and Fearghus’s twins, Talwyn and Talan at their terrible two’s was more than a delight. I was happy to see how those little terrors were doing! As well meeting Briec and Talaith’s little girl Rhianwen was heartwarming. She is a young lady I’m curious to hear more about.
Let’s see what we need to prepare.
Praise God!!!
UPDATE:::::::ALABAMA 24-6 halftime!
9/20 – Los Angeles – Tom Freund CD Release show @ Hotel Café
You loved finding the collection of padlocks people have left along a bridge on the River Seine, and I can see you going back some day to place your own. You looked like Shirley Temple after getting your hair done at a salon for the first time before your last spin as a flower girl. You were a royal window washer. You sewed, karate-kicked, swam, played piano and learned to read Hebrew. You broke your first bone, and stunned me by choosing a bright green cast (the better for which to display signatures). You made a really grown up decision in choosing to spend two weeks at overnight camp this coming summer.
College of Mass Communication and Media Arts
7:48: Yep, a bro’s life is a Michael Bay movie minus the robots, and only because making robots is such a non-bro thing to do.
institutional understanding, enjoyment of political power, ambition. confidence
Things with food have been going ok. I’ve been trying really hard. It’s the little things. Like trying to have small amounts; even when liquids are the only safe thing. It’s about looking at food from a different perspective. Not “this will make me fat” but “this will nourish my body” & doing it with foods that will ensure that it does nurture my body; fresh foods, vegetables, soups, wholemeal, wholegrain, etc. & not highly processed foods that give a sugar high & a sugar crash. Foods that my body craves.
And she now knows your full name.
Tomorrow is a meeting with the guy who will install the brick in the front of the house and around the fireplace at 9:00 fricking AM.
And, as mentioned, by comparing The Spirit Level with similar middle class lefty nonsense such as Affluenza (written by an Old Etonian, oddly enough), Happiness, Status Syndrome, and All Consuming, Snowdon paints a vivid picture of a quite terrifying tranche of political opinion who would seek to catapult us back to 1940s-esque policies of widespread rationing of food and fuel, as well as the promotion of new initiatives to enforce crippling taxation, restriction of liberties, and across-the-board increases in benefits (and believe me, these are just scratching the surface. Some of the madness proposed would result in Britain more resembling a soviet state than the historically successful economy that we see today).
And when we tried to put in the bolts -- all the holes were gone!
The quote above was given by Coach Mike Bobo after the Dawgs’ completed their first losing season since 1996. I’ve emphasized the last bit of what he said. The last words, so to speak.
I tried a few more times, writhing in pain, in between I was crying about how tired I was.
When mom and dad got home, my dad was really silent. I know he’s really devastated about what happened. He’s the bunso. We also have a lot in common, he’s really good at keeping his feelings and pretending to be a strong person. Well, physically, I know my dad’s strong, but I think he really has a soft heart.
136Our shrines irradiate, or emblaze the floors;
Use a slotted spoon to transfer them from the skillet to a paper towel
People can judge me all they want, but in the end I really only care about how I look in one person's eyes......GOD.
And I did. I just focused on the space I was sanding and before too long I was done. Amazing how that works.
Wonderful! Awesome! Amazing digital stamps that you just have to check out! (You can find a link to the site in the left hand sidebar.)
go over
After I left the group of sketchcrawlers I walked in this garden store that was filled with fabulous pieces. This is a large old seed cabinet with on the front of each drawers a picture of what is inside.
Ryusei no Kizuna
- carrot
...Let Your Brain Be Mushed!!
The evil Eastern European followed us down the street in his little Ford Coupe with its daft spoiler and chase ultra violet lights. He blasted this un at us
The second card is from Eugene's Seafood, at the Hotel Juneau in Milwaukee. I have seen other postcards on the web for Eugene's, but this is the only one I've seen with a photo of him and his trusty manager Mrs. J. W. Pfeifer. The back has a nice description of the place:
For me, the biggest story of the latest WikiLeaks release so far is the documentation of active Arab lobbying against Iran and repeated calls for aggressive American intervention. In the leaked reports, Saudi and several other Gulf state officials repeatedly urge America to keep the military option on the table. It's interesting to see Juan Cole and others downplay the significance of these revelations. For Cole, it's all about Israel, even though Saudi and other officials hardly mention the Israeli-Palestinian conflict in these cables (see here, for example):
I hope that helps!
Where have all the parents gone, long time ago?
It’s a foggy monday in the Bay Area and I am settled down in front of the computer with a cup of coffee. Ready to do rewrites, again, still. I’ve been spending too much time on Twitter, which by the way, if you haven’t followed me there I would love to see you. I’m at @jessimcbrayer on Twitter.
The version above is the no-frills classic I prefer at home, but there’s no reason not to take the basic idea and run with it.
Shadow Stalker’s head rose and swiveled as she surveyed the full extent of her bindings. Then she glanced at us.
The Tuesday before Thanksgiving my dad came home early from work and saw the rotisserie sitting on the table. With only 48 hours left until Thanksgiving he grabbed a screw driver and decided to take the oven apart. Later that evening, when my mom and dad were talking he told her that he disassembled the oven but could not see anything wrong with it. He also told her that the he was having a hard time putting the pieces back together. My mom freaked out.
This was one smart critter.
Embellishments: SU Ribbon
Keep Shelly in Athens
Ah, Hareton. Like Heathcliff, he’s disowned and forced to work in the fields, but he has it much worse as he SHOULD rightfully be the master of Wuthering Heights. As a result of the abuse he receives from Heathcliff and the teasing he gets from Cathy and Linton, he’s every bit as sullen as Heathcliff was as a boy. However, he seems to have a more charitable spirit, as we know that he never touches Linton no matter how much he provokes him, and Hareton also does his best to improve himself in the only ways he knows how. So yes, Hareton and Heathcliff are both disowned, disenfranchised souls, but Hareton doesn’t seem to carry the same evil intentions for his oppressors as Heathcliff does.
In a post on the problem of lay 'homilies' Fr Mullady OP has written a piece for EWTN that I think sets out nicely the reasons why lay lectors are problematic. His argument is actually about why lay homilies are not generally permitted.
Perhaps lose isn't the proper term as I mean to kick this guy out of my memory lane without passing go or collecting two hundred dollars. I want to leave him locked inside a lobster trap at the bottom of Booth Bay Harbor Maine, or perch him under a boulder here in the woods of Lake Tahoe, California. Not him, of course, but the memory of him and the possibility and excitement I shared around him.
at Abu Ghraib. Advances in pumping technology now allow torturers
anyway, after watching the video, i felt very low about myself.
What the Lord did not say was that the Kingdom would be postponed for over two millennium, that God would set Israelaside and bring in the age of race, and that the prophetic program would cease for a time. In Romans 11:25, we read that blindness in part is happened to Israeluntil the fullness of the Gentiles be come in. God knew this would happen but you will not find anything of it in prophecy. There was no allowance made for Israelfailing to accept the spirit-filled witness of the twelve. Jesus Christ is not reigning as King even though many songwriters call him King. Jesus Christ is Saviour. He is Lord, the Head of the Body. The Kingdom will be established one day. We do not know when but we know that the Kingdom will be restored to Israelwhen the fullness of the Gentiles is come in. The history of the world is in the hands of God. Israel’s rejection of the Kingdom offer was foreknown by God but not revealed in prophecy. Romans 16:25says, “Now to him that is of power to stablish you according to my gospel, and the preaching of Jesus Christ, according to the revelation of the mystery which was kept secret since the world began.”
Warning: the number of answers I have may, or may not, be the 10 suggested by the list.
I wasn’t the only one to pass out in the cold, however. Kitty insisted that the sky was too beautiful to ignore so she went outside and laid down on the hammock…and fell asleep. Fortunately, she managed to wake up before she froze to death!
and so I have been in a pickle and a panic. For the past several weeks I have not been able to load any pictures.
I started again. Do-over!
whom you open your heart…
We like to forget we are animals. We sit in our cosy houses. We pick lovely curtains, paint the walls, dress nicely. We present the world with this picture of ourselves as sophisticates. Yet we fuck, we shit and we piss. We yawn, we fart, we blow snot from our noses. We sometimes even stink like the animals we truly are. We often feel shame after these things rather than the pride we should feel at the last semblance of wildness we possess, the final bit of animal that the world has not managed to tear from us.
But everyone eventually pulls away because whatever it is gone. Teddy Bear and I stay on the balcony looking for the damn cat. My house sits on the corner and there is an easement right behind my house that slopes down to the snooty neighborhood, perfect for burglars and wild animals.
The third weekend of the month brought a pretty fun-filled day Saturday. My buddy Mark was in town for the weekend visiting his brother in Philly, so I went into Philly in the afternoon and hung out with him and had a couple solid beers. Later that night, my friends Keith and Fran had their house warming party, which was also a very good time! It was really good to see some friends that I haven't hung out with in awhile and to help Keith and Fran break in the house a little.
And that’s all in just the first 1/3 of the book, before Reveka even gets a chance to really figure out what’s going on, find the source of the curse and then try to fix it. I agree that it’s part Twelve Dancing Princesses, part Beauty and the Beast, but there is also a fair amount of Persephone’s tale thrown in there as well, and it all works beautifully.
I somehow internalized this and since then my body image has slowly and steadily declined. Today, just now, I took a shower, looked down at myself, and couldn’t stop myself from thinking “I’m fat.”
I admit, though I try to make it look like I’m a optimistic and everything, I’m actually grumpy a lot of times. I tend to be pessimistic about a lot of things. AND… I am an extreme worrywart. This year, I have to change that. No more grumpiness and being an extreme worrywart. If things don’t go as planned, I have to accept them.
One of the reasons people do not shoot their weapon is the cost of the ammunition. It keeps going up, and therefore people go out once or twice a year if lucky and shoot their pistol. That does not make for a very experienced shooter and therefore reaction times are slower should you need to draw your weapon. Some people will get a .22 just to practice with, but if you are in trouble and need to shoot that weapon, then it’s imperative that you are comfortable with the kickback and getting back on target!
My miracle was next
Discover ten of the most important things to consider before beginning any kind of renovation. Save yourself a lot of time and money by putting in some careful planning and decision making before you start renovating your home.
Oh well, live and learn.
Who?: Zooey Deschanel (vocalist and Hollywood indie pin-up), M Ward (guitar)
Karen Healey
Which all means there was certainly no diplomatic need for Britain to mark Zuma's installation in power last year. During almost 60 years on the throne, the Queen has learned she broadly has to do what the Foreign Office tells her, so she throws open Buckingham Palace and pins medals on the chest of any murderous dictator the government wishes to suck up to.
Let me give you a couple of examples…
With the materials purchased and gathered, Dustin cleaned up the room with the shop vac. He made sure all the subfloor panels were nailed down securely. Some required him to add some screws to make sure they were tight.
I wanted to say ‘Hell yes, and I told you I wasn’t interested so kindly F*** O** and don’t bother me again!!”
what is going on around you.
AUTHOR EATS: PUMPKIN BREAD (for Bread Machine)
5 cloves of garlic, minced
Fire! Fire on the mountain!
Boasted Fischer on his right-wing talk radio show: “It’s very clear from the Washington Post that he resigned because of pressure that was put on the Romney campaign by the pro-family community. So, ladies and gentlemen, this is a huge win, and it’s a huge win for us in regard to Mitt Romney, because Mitt Romney has been forced to say, ‘Look, I overstepped my bounds here, I went outside my parameters here, I went off the reservation with this hire, the pro-family community has called me back to the table here, called me back inside the borders of the reservation.’”
The Close Supporter: 25
Today I want to introduce you to my daughter, Ruby! She just had her 18th birthday, is officially finished with high school, and she is going to be helping me out here at *Wink *Wink Ink for awhile! I could not be more proud of her!
I have a thing about giving far too much information. My mom has also told me I have the gift of gab. I can see someone in the store and talk and talk and talk...
No. 2 Oklahoma City Thunder vs. No. 7 Dallas Mavericks
I’m not a hard to apologize to. Given that I feel the sincerity of the apology, sure. You are forgiven. And with honest forgiving you forget that person’s faults and go back to the way things used to be. Most of the time, I forgive without thinking. Especially if that person means a lot to me. My feelings, can be controlled, my pain will heal, but getting a valued friend back; that may take some time. Time that I do not want to wait painfully through.
NO I was HIM! Finally I see the light of comprehension in his eyes. He was cool with it and we had a quick chat before he had to get back to work.
I know that moving to a foreign country is completely overwhelming and takes a lot out of you. I expected obstacles and barriers, even though I am fluent in German, very familiar with the culture, and completely open to learning new ways. What I didn’t expect is that my job would try so hard as it did to screw me over.
Truly effective managers notice the actual behavior, the unique talent, skill, or characteristic a person brings to the task – not just that it was accomplished.
Contestant: Er. . .
QUESTION: What are 5 things I repeatedly tell myself on a daily basis?
Being a woman of my word and living a life of integrity and intention. Being true to myself and living with no regrets. Speaking up when I need to with clarity and honesty. And always aligning with all my values.
“Yeah. Hmm, what did you tell him?” he managed to ask her. His heart almost stopped whilst waiting for the reply.
Greeted by an Aussie waitress (well this is Putney) we were told that a menu was on the table and she would come and take our order. My impulse was just to ask for something generic rather than waiting for her to make her rounds again. Lucky I didn't. Far from having just a standard British and European choices there was a far better mix than expected. Next to the four pages of cocktails there was an ample choice of draught Meantime (Kolsch, Pale Ale, Smoked Back, Stout) and Cornish Coaster for the UK, bottled Little Creatures and Coopers for Down Under and from our friends across the pond a mix of draught and bottled Sierra Nevada (Pale Ale and Porter), Brooklyn Brewery (Lager and Brown Ale), Goose Island and Liberty as well as a number of German offerings such as Schneider Weisse. Its fair to say that my interested had now piqued.
Cap'n Jazz is one of my favorite bands of all time. Anytime I need to feel something out, a pick me up, or just want to get my mind off things, I almost always invariably turn my iPod to Analphabetapolothology.
I've had the Scor-Bugged stamped panel in my I just might use this one day pile of schtuff, and look... I actually used it :) I've got a few tags & panels that I had salvaged from a faux pas'd card front.
Here are the ingredients for the beef:
As much more information as I have gained, I’m still curious to know what happened to him. How did he manage to live in Buchenwald for 6 years? What did he do to survive? Many people died in the weeks and months after being liberated from disease and malnourishment. Since he was a soldier, and not Jewish, I expect he may have gotten treated better (more food perhaps) than some inmates. Certainly he would have tried to return to Hohensalza after liberation since his parents, wife and child were there.
...yesterday I was thinking about myself. Depressed, angry and cranky over my upcoming surgery. Tuesday: my bilateral mastectomy...losing my perfect Marie Antoinette "coupe de champagne" breasts. I am 52 and I have never had to wear a bra. When the other girls were sore and developing in middle school, I could run faster than anyone AND without pain. They have served me well. Made me money. Given breast milk to my twins for 13 months. I am angry.
They were shot on Thursday evening after they had reversed at speed out of the driveway of their house and failed to stop when challenged by police.
All in all, I am eagerly anticipating the new title. But I hope that Blizzard can inject a little mortality back into their universes. Otherwise the only characters we will care about will be our Hardcore ones.
Solar resource in SK is 50% better.
Divided into chapters according to life's milestones, the book considers the meaning to key events in our lives. Written in an engaging and warm voice, Robert Rowland Smith offers an insightful, intelligent and witty analysis. In the introduction he says "If life is a mystery, then let's take advantage of everything at our disposal to shed a little light. Besides, where asking about the meaning of life is too large a question to be helpful, breaking things down into life's milestones can give us a little bit of traction. To drive with Plato is to take a fresh look at the moments that define the all too brief transit our car makes across the earth. There are some remarkable ideas to explore en route."
National Velvet
369 - Jim Essian
"What Purefold definitely will have, however, is product placement, as RSA Films is bringing in a number of advertising and marketing agencies to help secure funding for the project. Considering what happened to companies that had their logos prominently featured in the original film, such as Bell, Pan Am, and Atari - they all went bust - I'm not sure if that's really a good idea."
How did my parents raise four?
Post show speakers this week are:
The thing about turtles is they don’t move too fast, but they go pretty far.
R 2: * Ch 7, skip 1 dc, sc in next. Repeat from * around. End with sl st in base of first ch.
sweetened flaked coconut
A quick farewell card... it seems to be the season for these.... a male this time, very thankful that I purchased this paper, phew!!
I think the corn loaf pictured here probably dates back to the 50s or earlier. Pat Fusco wrote a, well, I wouldn't call it irreverent, but she wrote a kickass story for the Pacific Sun on funeral food! In certain regions of the country, funeral food (the covered dishes you bring to a grieving family) can be quite competitive. Prettiest, most nourishing, like that.
Jonno was very obliging to take a couple of photos this morning. I don't know why I was so serious, maybe cowls are not to be taken lightly.
the Word. The fish came from the Word of The Master! The Bible says, “Now faith is the substance of things hoped
Here is a gorgeous card Karen has made using the free image
my Southern Living magazine for giving me great ideas for our Thanksgiving meal.
a. House of the titular TV show
I hope you enjoyed this as much as I did. I will be sending out the card to my dad in the next week!
First stop was marked on the calendar 7/11! as in Free Slurpees at 7-Eleven!
Join Karen Burniston for a class featuring her brand new pop-up die cutting system, Pop 'n Cuts. This innovative magnetic interchangeable system will have customers whipping out pop-up cards in a fraction of the usual time. You will make several decorated pop-up cards to display in your store. Pop 'n Cuts are easy, quick, interchangeable, expandable, coordinated and all fold exactly the same! Don't miss the chance to learn from the designer herself, as Karen shows all the tips/tricks of this exciting new type of die. (The papers and cardstocks by Bazzill Basics.)
I'm talking about fully-fledged out-of-control meltdowns.
There was also joy, hope, and a lot of inspiration that constantly appeared
VIVIENNE: Night owl, but I wish I were a morning person. It would make mornings easier.
Make that three bouncing babies to find homes for. Carol sighed.
Now, I know you really want a chance to win a copy of this new special issue – am I right? All you have to do is leave me a comment and tell me about the last time you paper crafted a NON-card project. What did you create? Scrapbook pages, home décor, a gift bag? You have until midnight (MDT) on Thursday, April 8 to leave a comment and be entered to win one of three copies!
I did not consume it.
No, the thing that played on my mind today was that these energetic little imps seated in front of me were only a few years younger than Daniel Morcombe when he disappeared. That his gentle smile in the now-too-familiar photographs mirrored those of the children in front of me. That just like him, they would be delighted with the notion of shopping for Christmas presents, all by themselves. The very idea of a bad man grabbing them and stealing them away in broad daylight would be ridiculous.
you were ready to go. . .
Modernist Totem Poles, you'd call it – and you could then steal the elevator shafts from the Transamerica Pyramid, the Sears Tower, the Chrysler Building, and Taipei 101.
8. fell in LOVE with the 1st of 2 quilts that i designed and my mother in law actually made. can't wait to put them to use
Over the next week or so, borrows trickled in, a few a day, and by December 19th Seven had been borrowed a grand total of 14 times. While I didn't know how many borrows other people's books were receiving (one of the real oddities of the KDP Select program is the whole "I make less if others move more books" thing) I suspected it was more than 14.
tercepted
...and a hand-stitched Christmas card by Jouke's now-deceased wife.
And with these delightful shoes, my day comes to a happier end.
