'I think I could have been shot in the groin then but just not realised. I was running on adrenaline then I was completely out of it for a number of days afterwards.'
They do not need that and neither do we.
there's nothing better than seeing him laugh, joke, play around and really
1 tbsp salt
We decided to decorate our Sons (19 years old) bedroom for him while he is away at uni. It's not a very big room and he had all the walls white before, with black curtains, bedding & bits & bobs.
This weekend, we are grilling ribs again. If I can find good apples, I just might bake my first fall pie of the season. Then again, I'm just not 100% ready to let go of summer stone fruits. My part of California has a different micro-climate. If we're lucky, our blue skies and temps in the 70's have been known to arrive in September-October. We shall see!
This is to conserve electricity since the nuclear power plant disaster. It’s a bit surreal to see the usually well-lit and neon Tokyo nights so dark these days.
anyway friday means a new challenge at just magnolia and im hosting this week so i chose the option of swirls and pearls to go along with out regular special monthly anything goes challenge sponsored by simon says stamp . With all the gorgeous new summer stamps now out i was feeling like making a seaside scene but at the time my new stash hadnt arrived so i had a rummage and found these oldies so here is tilda out for a day of fun by the sea!! totally loving the sandcastle id forgotten i had that !!! I've painted with distress inks and the papers are magnolia
I listened to the waves crashing against the shore, stared at my shoes and rolled my eyes. I didn’t want to be like the five year old boy from last week who stepped on one and ended up having to get the razor sharp, splinter laden barb surgically removed from what remained of his foot, not that there had been much of it left, only the outside edge and toes had remained intact.
9.Tomato : 2 medium
The menu is inventive but not alienating, the food is well cooked, but all the while I am unsatisfied. there isn’t enough harmony between dishes, the through-line isn’t clear. And frankly a couple of dishes just don’t taste that good. The “take it or leave it” ideology is fine, but I got the sense that some of the dishes (poached mushrooms for dessert) were daring me to point out that they didn’t really work.
I: And then you ended up leaving X-ray Spex?
Over the years, however, I've become more conscious of my salt intake, and French onion soup everywhere tends to be oversalted. Being able to control the amount of salt is a very good reason to try and make it at home, but for whatever reason, I never have. It's not supposed to be a difficult dish to make, but on some level I found it intimidating (or the fear of failure intimidating).
I had been intending to do a recap of the things that I’d done in 2009 including all the bits I never got round to blogging about, but unsurprisingly I was too busy playing games to do it and now, heading into the fourth week of 2010 it seems a little late to drag up the old stuff when there’s so much new coming along.
Romantic love is presented as highly fragile and subject to the powers of the mundane realm, such as changes in routine and the opinion of friends. In this sense ‘True Love’ is unusual for romantic fiction, as it presents the ending of relationships without the need of elaborate plots, Machiavellian scheming by competition or tragedy of Shakespearean proportions. Love is not really unique or special, it is to be expected due to our sheer numbers and the culture we are currently engaged in. Botma presents a world where there is room for simultaneous affection and multiple futures with different people. This casual sense of reality continues into other aspects of the plot; there are drugs without abuse or overdoses, infidelity without ensuing fallouts, pointless conversations and a general feeling of ’hanging out’ together (as my generation is prone to). Botma is particularly good at creating a sense natural conversation and banter between friends.
- Lori and tested positive for the BRAT genetic coding and now we have new things to consider in our treatment - which we thought was over, BUT +, I am flown to Beaumount, TX with my friend Deborah to give my speech "Cancer tries on my shoes.." before 1500 people.
I have said before that I am partial to the GLBC and almost all things Cleveland (my wife, Indians, Cavs, Cuyahoga Valley Ntl. Park, etc.), but I think that many will agree that this is a solid American Pale Ale. It was in the running for my Session #21 favorite beer but since I hadn't reviewed it yet, I didn't want to choose it.
I plan to use mine for Friday-Sunday breakfast, lunch & dinners! Hockey season has us all over town on the weekends and having hot dinner or lunch to come home to will save us from the fast food drive through!
Put a little bit of olive oil in a pan, put in the shallots and the garlic and strirfry untill soft (3-4 mins), then put all the peeled tomatoes in the pan and add a table spoon of vinegar, 2 tea spoons of sugar, all the basil and some salt and pepper to taste.
It took me an hour and five minutes.I couldn't believe it, the time just flew.
The Agency when told was furious, we got a huge bollocking and the Art Director nearly lost his job. The client however was delighted and the result spoke for itself. The agency continued to work for their client for many years completely oblivious to what happened that morning.”
(Even though we have a home phone, I never answer it and rarely check messages!)
No. No. Way.
It is a marvelous treat to sleep in a bed with this much family history. As a boy, I schemed that when my parents die, I would gladly give up everything else if my brothers would allow me one thing – the Kiefer bedroom set. I have changed my mind. I want my nieces or nephews to have it. I want this bed passed on to generation #7 and onwards.
Bah.
They have gifted you with $100 with which to place bets. You do not have the option of pocketing the money.
Who owns the "Handicapable Tag"...
Because here's what I've since learned: that unschooling families are like cells in a geographically dispersed intentional community, little clusters of "people who get it" all over the world. Once you become a member of the community and you put the word out -- in person at a gathering, or on your blog, or via facebook, or through a Yahoo group -- that you're interested in meeting up, you'll get offers from others in the community to come visit.
Putting It Together…
I won't be posting the link to it here publicly and it won't be searchable on any search engines either.
You guys started working on new material. What can we expect?
For all of my talents by You are endowed;
O'Riordan, M.A., Plaisted, K.C., & Baron-Cohen, S. (1998). Enhanced discrimination of novel, highly-similar stimuli by adults with autism during a perceptual learning task. Journal of Child Psychology and Psychiatry, 39, 765-775.
First, I used some of my birthday money to buy a mirrored bird tray from Urban Outfitters, which is now hosting a trio of vases in my bedroom:
Me: “I’m serious. You come in this house or drop by uninvited while he’s here, and he is calling the police.”
Bambootility Shop is home to some of the world’s most coveted brands in the bamboo industry. Several global bamboo companies to be featured include: Angelrox, Bamboo Leaf Tea, BambooSK8, Bumboosa, Casualmere, Ever Bamboo, Kaia, Macally, and PANDA Sunglasses. Upcoming companies to be featured include Bamboa, BambooBubby, BambooChutes,Calfee Bicycles, iZen, Jaseboards, Jerico, Jewelry by Johan, No Balls, Rapanui, Sleep Bamboo, Litrax, KireiUSA.
2 1/2 tbsp flour
Humppers 2
Oddly enough, although the last is by far the least believable, most of the smart money in the Apple is on that one. New Yorkers perhaps sense that this is the Zeitgeist: the more chutzpah in the defence, the more bonkers the fib, the better it will play.
The term “Messianic” is generally understood to describe Jews who have come to believe in Yeshua/Jesus as their Messiah. Jews who are believers in Jesus/Yeshua typically call themselves Jewish/Hebrew Christians or simply, Christians.
Moving though this ending is, however, it seems it may not have been the one Wellman and Carson originally wanted. TCM’s notes say: “The plot synopsis in the pressbook ends with “Pat” returning from China for the company anniversary celebration. After he sees “Scott,” “Peggy” and “Patricia” together, he sacrifices his own happiness for theirs, and leaves unnoticed. According to an article in New York Times, Paramount rewrote the end of the film at the request of the U.S. government, in order to “eliminate the note of pacifism on which the picture had intended to end.” The article notes that at the celebration, Peggy speaks against the use of airplanes for the purposes of war. Modern sources dispute that the government was involved in the decision.”
I got there at exactly 9:30am and I was surprised that there were already a good 25 people in line. I parked myself behind 3 much older women but they actually made the wait time go by fast. They talked amongst themselves and even included me into the conversation from time to time. Then they started talking about menopause so I guess that was my cue to butt out :-/
Milk- 1/2 cup
Pours a decent enough amber, with a pillowy tan head that is fairly large probably because the last pour out of the bottle was all foam. Smells nice enough, with a fair amount of grassy hops but a substantial amount of malt as well.
As always with all UKIP events such as this, the star attraction for all UKIP members was the leaders speech from Nigel Farage. I have often noticed at major UKIP events such as this Nigel limbering up behind the scenes, he paces up and down obviously fine tuning his comments and what he is going to say, then he comes on to the stage and without notes he starts and gives a brilliant performance every time. He reminded us of how well we in UKIP have done in the short life of the party, he reminded us of our success and how, because of our combined achievement we can now attract such senior politicians as Roger Helmer into our ranks. He took a swipe at the unelected EU President, Van Rumpoy, or should that be ‘Rumpy Pumpy’ as Nigel calls him. He also reminded us of what we have to do and what we want to achieve, which primarily is top ranking in the 2014 European elections by beating the Tory vote – which is now a very real possibility.
The IPKat says, watch this space...
“With that said,” Pitcher tried to redeem himself, “if the scouts don’t return as planned, they’ll either send out a smaller group of troops to find them or the whole bunch will come crashing through the swamp looking for us.”
Has Physics Made Philosophy And Religion Obsolete? – Yes it has, says Lawrence Krauss, theoretical physicist, interviewed here. Religion and philosophy struggle to answer fundamental question of why there is something rather than nothing. But physics can explain that perfectly well.
The second woman we interviewed was Melina Bernadine. She answered questions about the neighborhood that I didn’t even know I had to begin with. She also gave us some interesting and memorable advice. She said, "Get involved in your community. Get to know who your politicians are. Ask questions. And - The most important thing of all is to love yourself and love where you come from."
The report describes how investigators from the Hawks found copies of the claims relating to Mthethwa’s renovations in the safe of a senior crime intelligence officer.
No one quite epitomizes the adage of “like father like son” like Shaun Maclean Pollock. His dad Peter made cut at no. 48 earlier in this list, while uncle Graeme was no. 16 in the corresponding batting list and Shaun rounds up the family gig here. Basically, Pollock was a line and length bowler, keeping the runs in check and the batsmen frustrated. An ODI economy rate of 3.67 speaks volumes of his expertise in this field. But there was never any doubt that he could take wickets as well. Partnering Allan Donald in the first half of his career and Makhaya Ntini in the second half, Pollock ripped through several celebrated batting line-ups, ending up as the leading wicket taker for South Africa in both ODIs and Tests.
Disc: 2
Like some other Vegas shows, nudity is par for the course during those first weeks, especially if you’re nursing. There really wasn’t enough time between feedings in my house to warrant putting clothes on. I pranced around this joint like a Vegas show girl, only without the feathers and the flat tummy. Okay, so I didn’t exactly prance—it was more like a skulk. I did wear paper pasties, though, stuffed in my bra, and I was constantly rubbing some goo on my nipples to keep them from cracking and disintegrating into the carpet from all the wear and tear.
Yes, yes, I can be brief when I want to.
Perhaps, Virginia Woolf was right when she wrote, “You cannot find peace by avoiding life”.
It came sneaking up, lying in wait for him, at first only as a diffuse need to create symmetry and restore balance. And later, when the gravity of her injuries had become more and more obvious, the pressure to perform the complicated rituals had intensified to an inescapable compulsion. The only way to neutralise the threat was to give in. If he didn’t obey the impulses properly, something horrible would happen. What, he didn’t know, only that the fear and pain grew intolerable if he tried to fight back.
God, I may as well have gone and ate at McDonald’s.
Can parents run/walk with their child? Many parents and adults have registered and we thank you. We hope that each group will have adults to stay with the children at all times, since we expect a large crowd. If this means that unregistered adults need to be on the course without a race bib, we would rather the children be safe, than scared. The medals and goodies are for those who are registered.
But before I even get into the plot or anything else, let me present Exhibit A - this screenshot:
While the book details in depth the complex public and political processes through which the park was created it is at its core a story about how a powerful vision is realized. This vision, to transform an abandoned industrial rail line into a contemporary urban park that celebrates nature and allows people to experience the city in a completely new way, is never compromised and the “mundane aspects of everyday life” are carefully weighed as the design evolves.
Hello Fellow Bloggers!
If you know of anyone looking to post Free REO foreclosures you can suggest them the site for free. Just email at the provided address and you're done.
It's a battle for the soul and freedom of the human race carried out simultaneously in the world we know, and in a world that you're not going to expect. It's a world where if you make a false move, you're going to lose your mind.
James 'Arfur' Daley, of the Campaign for Real Ale (Camra), believes that Welsh brewing hasn't been in such a healthy state for 85 years.
I promise to be back soon!
So we plan to deliberately blog about the ‘dark side of OM’, as we think it important for everyone to be open and aware of this. In the meantime, visit Bill’s website and get a sense of why he’s written the book and what he has written about…
3-5 tablespoons vanilla extract
At the light, I turned around and drove back towards home.
That being said, I am realistic enough to know that what I’ve put in a first draft might need to be edited a bit, adjusted, changed – but I promise you that in all the edits I’ve ever made to a book, none of them, not one, was because I was thinking of my readers as young people, not adults – every change I’ve ever made in a redraft is towards one goal only – to make it a better book, no matter who reads it.
The anti-alcohol mob poses a serious threat. I said several years ago that once the do-gooders had sorted out the tobacco industry they would move on to alcohol.
With the joyful Leprechaun I was reminded of a book that is a great family favourite, our copy is in France, but its name is:
March 3, my UH buddy, Paty, and her longtime friend, Becky, dropped by for their first visit.
As i pulled up to the driveway, i stopped the car and got out to open my garage. Back in my car now i pulled in and stopped the engine.
He had discovered a way to harness the naturally occurring electricity from the ionosphere, and then in turn rebroadcast it to individual relay stations that could be placed anywhere and were no larger then your average car antenna.
In this way, we endeavor to create more reading moments for readers and to make reading more accessible, due to the Dwarsligger’s convenient size. The binding style is especially designed to comfort the reader and to respond to the mousetrap that prevents the generic paperback from maintaining an open position. Through this special binding style, Dwarsligger books remain open at all times, which encourages comfort for the reader while reading.
or process is not, as a matter of law, equivalent to a limitation of the claimed
1:23 Our train is delayed 30 minutes. Our backup plan, now that we have spent $20 on train tickets, is to take a taxi all the way to the airport, which would set us back only $60.
So Ava sets out to get her life back. But killing vampires begins a battle that could destroy everything she is working toward. In the end, Ava's decisions will forever change her life and the lives of those she loves.
So, here's our form:
Because most clothing stores do not sell clothing in my size anymore. Can you believe it?!
Problem: The Internet allows people access to the best minds in the world in under a minute. Truth be told, we are not usually looking for the best minds; just the person who can answer our current search term. Great knowledge isn’t scare anymore or controllable. Sorry textbook publishers…it was a good run while it lasted.
Dan: Hi AJ. no no, we’re awake… I was just thinking about you.
Title: ZOMBIE RABBIT
BALANCE-SHEET.
There were lots of mamas and mamas-to-be at the party so I soaked up as much advice and wisdom as I could... although, let's be honest, nothing can prepare me for what is going to be happening in only 7 weeks time!
Now that I think about it, do you know what, I am rather proud of it.
1 cup chopped provolone cheese
This past weekend, with my two partners in crime, we set off to Portland, Maine to take a Culinary Walking Tour of the Old Port area. Not only did we get to learn the history of Portland and visit many of its culinary venues; we also got to sample local favorites at each location! It was such an amazing and educational experience, and our tour guide, Pat, was absolutely amazing. I could've just followed her around that city all day listening to her every word. She was extremely knowledgeable and has a deep passion for food. annnd she is from Central Mass, like me!!
I've always been a small venue girl, preferring bars and pubs and outdoor festivals to theatre performances. I've seen Jim Cuddy at the Horse Shoe in Toronto and enjoyed the intimacy of that and the opportunity to chat as well. And oddly enough, seeing Sean all those years ago at all those shows, I never talked to him. Last night it was like seeing an old friend and when I received a tweet from him this morning saying "Carolyn, thanks for rockin' the front row" I smiled, remembering all those long ago front rows I've rocked in the past!
My kids really enjoyed it though. They loved walking around on deck. C loved all the guns. And I liked seeing all the inner rooms and some of the historical information they have posted about the ship. If you're looking for something different ~ and a bit educational ~ to do with your kids, or if you have a child, like I do, who is interested in military equipment, I highly recommend a trip to the USS North Carolina or any other navy ships near you. It was a lot of fun for the whole family!
I was assured that everything would be collected the next week.
So here I am, on a Friday afternoon just waiting for the work week to end. I'm waiting to hear from your daddy that he is on his way home. And I'm waiting to camping with our family this weekend. I'm waiting for rest. I'm waiting for some peace and I'm waiting for healing...again. I'm looking forward to reading a book this weekend called I Still Believe. It was written by Jeremy Camp about his journey after his wife died of cancer. It's a book all about "Discovering hope and healing in the midst of life's deepest valleys". I'm looking forward to it. It's not a terribly long book but just reading the first page got me ready and excited (I don't know that excited is the right word) to read it.
the Bach, getting the mordents right, to make the lovely
Which characters from the previous generation is Hareton most like?
Here is what I came up with, feel free to adjust and use different fruits/ and nuts- I know I will. It is very adaptable to what you have available. You don't exactly taste the chocolate/cocoa but it does give it such a lovely dark rich colour. This particular type is referred to as Panforte nero.
it worked, and i felt like a genius marksman.
So without further ado, the winner is......drum roll......
Since Latin plays a large role in TLS (how awesome is that book? SO GOOD, if you have not read, you are totally missing out) I'm going to ask you to put on that brain cap and write a sentence in Latin (can be from TLS too,) leave it in the comments (with translation please) and a couple of my pals Brenda Drake and C.A. Marshall over at DNA writers are going to judge! So get those Latin Dictionaries/Google Translator's ready and get creative.
Then the killing starts. Jules is taken out first by the Redneck Zombies and a bleeding Curt makes his way back to the cabin where he decides they all need to stick together. Not liking this turn, the technicians pump some gas into the cabin that gets Curt suggesting they all split up, which everyone but Marty agrees with. (Marty’s weed inhibits the effect of the pumped-in chemicals.) Splitting up, the technicians lock them in their rooms so the zombies can get at them one at a time. In his room, Marty knocks over a lamp and realizes the room is bugged, his paranoid fears about “puppeteers” proving true. Before he can tell the others, however, Marty is dragged outside and killed by the zombies.
“We’ve been doing so, for over a year. My wife and I both have no jobs, despite her nursing degree.” He Huffed. “Nobody around here will hire us. We’re collecting aluminum for money, but we’re barely able to make rent for our camper.” My step father shrugged. “We even had to put the fishing licenses as a priority just so we can eat.”
That's right, Hookers! I have a whole month dedicated to my insane brand of awesome-sauce. May is the Month of the Military Spouse. Now, I could just go on and on about how freaking awesome it is to be a MilSpouse (military speak for the awesome woman - or man - behind the service member). Instead, I think I'll tell you the truth.
BLITZER: Mr. Speaker…
And that's it. A writer doing a sex scene isn't writing sex, but STORY.
Within the last six months, our eldest entered a phase where he cried about everything: putting his clothes away, setting the table, cleaning his room.If we told him “no” about anything he wanted or if it had anything to do with work, he would cry. We tried time outs and other various techniques but nothing seemed to work.
mountains
Stir in the lemon juice and adjust salt accordingly.
So, yeah. It's not often that I'd think to say this.
* A good book
To make sure I was still working, I started out by testing the pool chair. Quite comfortable, almost no matter how you positioned it. I was able to lie down, sit up and even find a comfortable position somewhere in-between.
Highest NAV plan is mostly a debt instrument, wherein most of your money is kept in fixed deposits, and a minority (10-20%) is invested in the stock market. I hope you understand that the value (NAV) of your fixed deposit increases every day, and every year, and is at highest value(NAV), whenever you withdraw. Why would you pay the agent(initial hidden commission) and a financial company (annual hidden fees) to invest your money in fixed deposits? Smelling false promises, and thus a scam here!
When an idea for a post comes to you, write it down! Whenever I get the idea for a new post I either will jot it down in my planner, or, if I'm near the computer, I'll even make a draft post on Blogger. If I have a title idea I'll write it then, if not I'll just write something that will let me know the topic. Then inside the draft, I'll either write the post, or just jot down notes so I won't forget what I was thinking. I currently have close to 20 drafts, which is great, because it provides me a store of posts for times when I might be feeling uninspired or be just plain busy!
Meanwhile, AJR 26, the bill to eliminate the Offices of the Secretary of State and State Treasurer, should be scheduled for a vote before the full Assembly very soon. I will post any updates here.
The man runs down the allay and disappears at the edge of the street light there. Bruce sighs again, he knows the poor bastard will just get caught again. The resignation is numb and he doesn’t like it; never likes it. He looks to his side at the thing he shot, the drug dealers demon. He can barely make out the long skinny limbs, the broken form of it’s spine where Bruce’s shot ruined it. A good shot, and now that it was over Bruce could hardly be sure he saw anything there. The resignation and the flagging adrenalin working to restore normalcy in his body and mind. He knows that if he chose to he could convince himself now that it didn’t happen, that he had simply threatened and robbed a man here in this alley. He takes a deep breath of city alley air to clear his mind it and looks away to the pile of discarded valuables.
So, I have no idea when and how the potty training is going to take place. But, I've adjusted my goals for Peter's spring break to include him putting on his pants by himself. Oh...how he hates this. And he hates having his pants off. So, he will roam around carrying his pants, wailing with snot and drool rolling from his nose and mouth. If we have to dress Peter for the rest of his life- it's kind of what we signed up for. However. We certainly aren't going to allow him to be so physically needy when it seems quite clear we are battling his attitude, not his body, in learning self-care skills.
Awards (Free Nights & Redemption discounts)
by your shoulder.
Yesterday, I went to the grocery store,
After the party, we went to Eugene for some shopping. I had to buy presents for extend family members. We went to Wal-Mart (about 2 hours), to dinner at Izzys (pizza buffet - but it has other stuff too), to Staples (mom just ran in), to Big Lots, and to Target. It was a GREAT time. JUST what I needed. AND, I got all my Christmas shopping done. Woohoo!!!
Brother: Sam Hensley
But here we go again. Another year to rejoice for our freedoms, achievements and lessons learned from our errors. Sure we have cause to celebrate! And lots you can do on this day.
There was a knock at the door – it was Ozi and Mamir. Baba had been expecting them. He looked over from the TV and they both gave a slow, negative shake of the head in unison. Baba dismissed them with a wave of the hand and they duly backed out of the room, leaving him with the opening credits to his favourite soap opera. This was a complication he could have done without.
Well, at last night’s Malcolm Hardee Award Show, there was a change of plan when we found out we had been successfully conned by Bob Slayer who masterminded the ‘Cockgate’ publicity stunt for Kunt and the Gang – in which Kunt’s penis stickers were put on other acts’ posters throughout Edinburgh…..
Q: Why do you enjoy marching in the Mermaid Parade?
Leaving SA 10 years ago was a heart sore event. I left with a longing for Africa, and I had always intended to return.
Sustainable Living~
7He that overcometh shall inherit all things; and I will be his God, and he shall be my son.
So here is my go at the Less is More scraps challenge ... and do I have LOTS of scraps, can't recycle any of it!!! I used some gingham scraps and some blue cardstock, and layered them up, before adding a button and some bakers twine. I am pondering if it needs a sentiment ... not really a big sentiment fan.
3 conceived
Now Kyle has a serious jonesing for the Georgia-Clemson series, so there’s certainly a level on which I can appreciate his position. (I wonder what Kyle would advocate if the conference played a cosmic joke on him and admitted Clemson to the SEC West.) But I think the historical argument he makes falls flat.
Psalm 34:21-22… “Evil shall slay the wicked: and they that hate the righteous shall be desolate. The LORD redeemeth the soul of his servants: and none of them that trust in him shall be desolate” (KJV). Redemption is seen here… The idea is that calamity will surely overtake the wicked, and those who hate the righteous will be punished… and the idea continues that if you take refuge in the Lord, He redeems you… Pardons you… Sin will slay the sinner… Sin brings its own penalty… Only the Lord can save the sinner. The cross of Christ is the only rehabilitation center that is successful in deliverance. King David had it right… He blesses the Lord at all times… because he knows God cares for you…
Wow! It's amazing to me that it's already Christmas Eve! I hope I'm all prepared. I keep thinking and re-thinking what I have done to make sure. I'm sure you are doing that too!
To purchase your advertisement space please send your banner to theitmom@gmail.com. We'll email you further details upon receiving your message.
Anyways
The longest-standing full-service multicultural advertising and communications agency in the U.S. is announcing a new shakeup that will put an African-American female as the new head of the company. UniWorld Group, Inc. (UWG), announced today the retirement of its founder and CEO, Byron Lewis Sr., whose swift thinking and sound ideas led to the company’s founding in 1969. In its inception, UWG was a anomaly working to right the fact that minorities were not represented in a positive manner in mainstream media. Taking that and the seclusion of minorities within Fortune 500 companies into account, Lewis worked endlessly to counteract those negative stereotypes with clients like Ford Motor Company, U.S. Marine Corps, Eastman Kodak, AT&T and Burger King. With over four decades of service under his belt, his well-deserved retirement will mark the end of an era and the beginning of another.
My sister Betty always says, when the dishes and laundry are done a woman is happy, but that happiness dissipates quickly if we don’t make a daily effort to keep up those areas. Dishes and laundry are constantly in use, and therefore we must constantly be on top of those kinds of jobs.
I’ve enjoyed walks from Ashurst (Kent) before, but this time I head to its Hampshire namesake for a walk that encompassed the best the New Forest has to offer. One of Britain’s more recently established National Parks (created in 2005), the New Forest covers over 200 square miles of what to modern urban eyes may appear wild and untamed countryside. But in fact the landscape here has been shaped by thousands of years of history of human occupation and activity. The areas of heather-clad open heathland result from clearance of trees from the Bronze Age onwards, while the character of the woodlands is intrinsically linked to their use by man in a process of planting, harvesting and management for timber and a variety of other products which continues today.
The Police and Hawks are aware of who the “Suspect” is in the Inge Lotz murder! In fact I have supplied the Police with an “Eye-witness” Affidavit as to the IDENTITY of the MURDERER!
I said I also bought a BB creme...well, do you know what it is? I didn't until a couple of days ago.
to create a little heat
There was ‘Dando’ (rod), ‘Raza’ (king), ‘Girgiro’
1/4 t. nutmeg
In 1967 a short documentary was made by film maker Les Blank called “The Blues Accordin’ to Lightnin’ Hopkins”. Now how one could sum up the bluesman’s long career in just 30 minutes is beyond me. But it was awakening to view.
03. Master Program – Central Europe (7:12)
Siembra Azul Tequila Reposado – Feliciano Vivanco y Asociados
The fact is you probably don’t know where you’ll be in five years but what you may well know is that you will want to be in an interesting role that challenges you and where you are working with supportive and friendly people in an organisation with high morale and a friendly atmosphere. This is the type of language to use in your answer.
I know this stuff.
This spot in the fortnight could be your's - yes that's right it's our Guest DT spot that is one of the prizes on offer... the winner from this fortnight gets to join us in June for challenge #47...
Uncle Montague's Tales of Terror - Chris Priestly Oh yes, this was another good novel of ghosts and hauntings and shadows that move......
Each person can enter 3 times.
And wisdom to know the difference.
Beyond the traditional religious significance of the Last Supper, this portrayal has also created a sort of divining mechanism that causes an observer to confront their feelings about disability. Unconditional love, sacrifice, steadfastness, selflessness and loyalty are themes derived from the Easter story and to a person who loves someone with Down syndrome those themes will seem very familiar. To the uninitiated, they could not see past the disability and find the beauty and passion of the Last Supper.
I also woke up thinking about the fact that I have spent 22 years in a relationship that is now ending, AND, that 22 years is half of my life. It was a sobering moment and I needed to write it down. Do I want to get to 88 knowing that even more of my life was spent in a relationship that is less than ideal for my mental and emotional health? And my emotional and mental health being directly linked to my self care habits (including eating) and my physical well being, potentially a very unhealthy later adulthood? My answer is no. Your mileage may vary.
of the N13 billion bond that
From what they’ve already mentioned however, it doesn’t seem like you’ll need to worry about never seeing another S.T.A.L.K.E.R. style game from the newly formed studio. Currently, Vostok is hard at work on a MMOFPS game for the PC which will also be free to play. The game’s working title is Survarium and they view it as the next evolution in the S.T.A.L.K.E.R. franchise. Interestingly enough they’ve been working on this idea for the past 10 year or so and by forming a new independent studio, they finally found time to flesh it out into a full-fledged game. What we do know about the game is that it’ll be a game about survival in a post apocalyptic world. Chernobyl seems to once again be at the heart of the game but players will also be able to explore beyond it’s gates as well.
Pick up some of his other beers while you're at it--
and there's more!!!
Also, be sure to check back tomorrow for my first Guest Designer post for Avocado Arts!
Welcome to Author Alison Winn Scotch
We regret neglecting this blog over the summer as things got busy around here. With the summer gone and many of our couples getting married, we have a backlog of some beautiful real weddings.
I just found this unit for $3.00 at a Thrift Store. It includes the power adapter and USB cable (which to me is worth the $3.00 I paid for it. I like it because it gives me more space to add things on my brand new MacBook Pro that do not require speeds above 12 MPBS that the USB 1.1 protocol supports. I also have an older desktop that uses a PS/2 connection that can use this hub since it lacks in USB ports. I have some flash drive…
I really, really don’t believe that doctors and drugs was God’s plan. He is a God of love and he doesn’t treat his people that way. I didn’t know that then but I’m sure of it now.
Most students had high aspirations, wanted to go to university and believed that they were liked by their peers. Students from richer socio-economic backgrounds were more likely to enjoy school and to believe that they were popular than those from poorer backgrounds. Girls generally reported higher levels of anxiety than boys and also seemed to have lower academic self-concepts in some areas.
You know I’d have to say that the biggest blessing for my family since we started Bayou Teche Brewing is all of the cool new friends we have made in the last two years. Though many of these new friends are in the beer industry, most are involved in wonderful things that have very little to do with hawking beer.
DORO, the queen of heavy metal, has just revealed some details on the upcoming EP „Raise Your Fist In The Air“ which will be released August 3, 2012. The EP will contain the following songs and will be issued on CD, vinyl and as digital download:
And for that I am incredibly grateful.
06. I Didn't Say I Was Powerful, I Said I Was A Wizard
“You think it’s realistic to expect that while you go to prison for who knows how long, that we remain married, I’m alone, I raise our children alone, I keep our children alive in your absence, you serve your time, you get out and then everything goes back to normal and goes on as before? And we’re married the whole time?” I clarifed.
Looking over the wad of words I just typed about the film's unique approach to lighting, part of me wishes I had just said: I liked the way the film was lit, and moved on. But that's not my style, man. The need to convey my love for this film's lurid cinematography in a manner that allowed me to express my true feelings without having to put any self-imposed restrictions on myself was paramount. The only criticism I can think of is that I failed to use to word "lingerie" in my opening salvo. It plays an important role throughout this generous dollop of Reagan-era sleaze, and to not mention even once was a gross oversight on my part.
His blog is a bizarre mish-mash of odd photos, addle-brained jottings and political commentary. This seems to fit with the bizarre style of writing that has made him famous (he quotes amongst his influences as the weird fiction writers of the last century such as H.P. Lovecraft). His far left politics will not attract everyone and perhaps may unfortunately put some people off of reading his work. I may not agree with all of his views (I don’t know, I haven’t read much of his political commentary but I guess I can make assumptions about him based on his membership of the Socialist Worker’s Party) as I no doubt would have agreed little with H.G. Wells, but I do like to keep my taste in fiction separate from the political motivations of the writer unless their views become more important than telling a good story. I guess I would feel the same way about Christian Rock music, if the music is good I will see through or ignore the message it is pushing.
Did Muhammad Exist? is a popular book for a popular audience. Put another way: Spencer makes no claim to have uncovered original research. All he has done, yet done quite effectively, is marshall the findings of dozens of scholars from the last hundred years, including people like Günter Lüling, David Margoliouth, Patricia Crone, and most notably Christoph Luxenberg, the philologist whose recent work challenging the very linguistic basis of the Qur’an as an Arabic document has caused such a sensation that for his own safety he must work under a pseudonym. Spencer draws all these threads together to make a convincing case that, when one examines all the evidence these experts have uncovered and ponders all the theories which might explain that evidence, the currently dominant theory (that Muhammad existed) is the least likely to be true. Much more in line with the known facts is the theory that Islam slowly coalesced from earlier monotheistic Judeo-Christian beliefs, and that most of the historical details about the evolution — including and especially the existence of a prophet from Mecca — were later concocted to retroactively give a veneer of official sanctity to the new religion.
Soon after word reached the homeland that Iran had shutdown the Strait of Hormuz global panic hit global financial markets and oil prices skyrocketed over $400 barrels. But that was only the beginning as reports soon came in that among the critical infrastructure destroyed by Iran included key oil production facilities in Saudi Arabia where Saudi Arabia had stockpiled oil in preparation from the attack on Iran. Even more devastating is news that those stock piles would not be replaced because Iran took out several Saudi Oil pipelines and drilling sites. Soon after massive hyperinflation hits the markets and the dollar becomes nearly worthless as nations around the globe realize that 2/3 of the world’s oil supplies had just been removed from the equation and modern civilization was on a freight train heading toward a brick wall.
It is the crevice a shadow crawls inside,
So go check out my new, old blog. I have another blog that I hardly ever posted on, and I'm keeping that one a secret, so when I've got something I really cannot say on here, I can post over there. Hey, hey, hey!!
Deficit good, very very good.Government borrows money, good for the banks that lend it, oils the wheels of capitalism, very very good. Deficit good, debt good. Deficit pays for expenditure. Deficit good. Everyone good good good.
15. A sign on the lawn at a drug rehab center said: 'Keep off the Grass.'
All entries for this year's Script to Screen must be submitted by midnight on Friday, March 16, 2012. To find out more about the competition, watch Blue Peter on CBBC, 5.45pm and you can visit the BBC Learning site to investigate the videos and resources created to help develop writing skills that are out of this world!
And you and you and you..
The Landmarks Preservation Commission, recently the subject of a critical op-ed in the NYTimes, is permanently linked in the minds of most New Yorkers to the destruction of Penn Station. However, it was first used to protect a neighborhood (as opposed to a specific building) on our side of the East River, when the residents of Brooklyn Heights successfly outmanuevered Robert Moses to protect their nabe from being eviscerated by the BQE. The resulting promenade is one of the best examples of modern need meeting preservation halfway and making almost everyone happy.
:: Days like yesterday, where it poured all day, are perfect knitting days. Walter and I walked early (still got wet) and then stayed home. A day on the sofa. Bliss.
1 cup yogurt - vanilla or plain
I even spoke to Dorothy, as if an 80 year old picture could talk back to me. "Come on, Dorothy, tell me about him! Who was he? What was he like?" Her silent picture only continued its tranquil stare.
Do you ever get reoccurring visions of color?
Founded in 1962 by Sam Brummer, a Polish immigrant and WWII vet (and a 2009 recipient of the Chevalier of the Honor of the French Republic) Hobby’s is a Newark institution. It is a true Jewish Deli in every sense of the word, although like many of its kind, it has had to adapt with the times.
Aren’t we all prospects, doing what we can to attract the attention of recruiters (agents) and land that scholarship to play for the college team (publishing house) of our dreams? I know that’s how I feel. But am I over-estimating my potential and better off applying to a local community college instead?
I thought so.
is how it really should spread out. When something is feeling in danger
Travel Impressions in the Kingdom of Napoli/Naples Trilogy (Impressions de voyage):
Incidentally, they always use names for these laws that will sound good to the American people, but rarely indicate what is in the law. They use every means they can to deceive the people of the country.
Love how the box scores look from the two games:
~The day~
Yaphet Kotto is someone many probably don't know by name, but most people have surely seen the man in one of the absolute shit-ton of films he's been in. Live and Let Die, Truck Turner, Alien, The Running Man, Freddy's Dead just to name a few. I'm sure pretty much everyone in the world has seen at least one of those movies, therefore everyone has seen Yaphet Kotto.
It's one of those things that you just spend too much time on, and then you can't stop thinking about it. I mean, I've worked my ass off on this thing, but I just KNOW there's going to be someone (or maybe more than one) on that panel who are going to roll their eyes and think I've missed something major or that I was too long-winded or not specific enough or something else crummy. I want to go in there and hit it out of the park, but I'm nervous as hell. Not because I don't think I deserve this. I do. It's just because standing before a group of your peers and company leadership and taking command of the room in a very intimidating prospect. My head is splitting in two, and my stomach is in knots. I just want the whole thing to be behind me so I can get on with it, you know?
The bottom line was best summed up by Stephen Walt, co-author of the The Israel Lobby, who recently said in Mother Jones magazine, “This is a key moment in the debate. It will be important whether Obama gets enough cover from J Street and the Israel Policy Forum so Obama can say, ‘AIPAC is not representative of the American Jewish community.’”
Hero Arts will be awarding prizes from randomly drawn comments. For a chance to win, simply comment on ANY of the stops along the hop on ANY day, including each day’s starting post at the Hero Club Blog. The more comments you leave, the better your chance of winning!
Before accepting an invitation to go out, you check the TV guide - Annette.
Already I have been out with my boss and stuck to one or two drinks. Hopefully she will notice my changed drinking behaviour.
But praise aside, I should probably tell you about the story. Schmidt and Jenko were high school opposites (not rivals, just opposites). Jenko was the jock, Schmidt was the awkward geek, but when they meet in the police academy years later they become best friends (and practically brothers). When police life fails to live up to what they dreamed it to be and their first bust turns south due to Jenko not knowing the Miranda Rights, the buddy cops are sent to an undercover unit headed by Captain Dickson (Ice Cube). Their mission is simple: enroll in high school and find the suppler of a new synthetic drug making its way through the school system. But even that seems too much for the duo to handle, as they immediately land in the principals office after Jenko punches a black, gay kid in the parking lot for “stepping at him”. Not only that, but Jenko messes up their identities and they become enrolled in each others classes, making Jenko the math-lete, “Brad”, and Schmidt, the track star, “Doug”. Only hilariousness could follow such events.
Cheers to a great year ahead!
Having driven twice round the wrong zone industriel, I asked for directions and eventually found my way, over the dual carriageway and onto another zone, to the unmistakable blue building with its giant yellow letters (which stand for Ingvar Kamprad Elmtaryd Agunnaryd, the name of the founder, his farm and area of Sweden where he came from, now you know!). I parked the car and headed to the entrance where my friends were waiting for me with smiles and compassion, even though I was the one who was 45 minutes late. They let me rant as they whisked me straight upstairs to the cafeteria for lunch; we stood in line and looked at all the various salads and options on offer, but we all knew what we were going to have......Swedish meatballs of course! Luckily, this being France, they also served wine by the glass, which I was in dire need of to calm my rattled nerves!
Bella seems to be accepting my terms of confinement, now. I've got layers and layers of old towels under the kennel, which I switch out and wash every day. When we leave the house, I put an old stock pot (tall, smooth sides that little puppies can't crawl into) with an inch or so of water at the bottom, and a big bowl of Bella's food, in the front part of the kennel. So far, so good.
Can't wait to share the room with you ...so I'll keep on working.
In this version, I love the addition of just a small amount of sour cream. It adds a slight creaminess to the sauce that I really like. All of my children eat enchiladas like crazy, so it didn't surprise me that they all requested seconds of this dish. However, the request that I please make the exact same ones next week did make me laugh.
Blackandbrownnews.com went on to contact the city and ask if this piece of play furnishing has been installed at other housing projects around the city. The city said they would look into how this object was selected and whether there are more, but so far according to the story, they haven't replied further.
Melis Nemid is treading in dangerous waters and she’s about to be dragged under. As a marine researcher, Melis knows all to well the dangers that can lurk under even the calmest surfaces. But not even she can guess how deep the darkness runs. Only one oceanographer ever came close to discovering the deadly mystery that lies beneath the sea and he’s disappeared from the face of the earth.
As much as I’m tempted to rehash old arguments and call out particular heroes and villains in this struggle, I’d like instead to promote the Gnu strategy from perspective I think most of can agree upon: in recent years, there have been few science advocates who have had the talent, success, and perspicacity of Carl Sagan. More importantly, Sagan’s arguments and methods remain sound and, I argue, will withstand the test of time.
~ Remove and serve.
I never like A. Jones much...and I never knew that Kotsay was a Marlin. Advantage knowledge: 3-2 Pinnacle.
5. Yuki No Furu Machi O
Here are some commonly accepted definitions or understandings about the nature of crafts – not all will agree
The anomalous numbers make black search-and-destroy operations much more likely. If genocide was afoot, it was certainly not the sort of genocide that black activists and leaders such as Nation of Islam leader, Min. Louis Farrakhan, have claimed.
4. His name.
Hello, lovely readers of Sparrow & Urchin! Meg from Don Juan's Reckless Daughter here and lucky me(!!) to have been given my very own guest post while Lauren and Tripp make there trek across the country. I am so excited for them...though, admittedly, I'm longing for that kind of an adventure myself. For now, the hills and canyons of Los Angeles are my playground. I have lived in LA for about 5 years and Laurel Canyon (my neighborhood) is one of my absolute favorite places in this city. It is a particularly good place to explore with your doggies because there are loads of trails, winding roads and vantage points (plus a very large dog park up on Mulholland).
Hutz: Uh-oh! We’ve drawn Judge Snyder!
Wire basket for outdoor balls: Atticus, Spokane, WA
The Creativity: This is what Beck is continually teaching me. At the end of our first game he wanted to play again and he wanted us both to have two playing pieces. I assumed he meant we would each take two turns and move our pieces individually. But just like when he taught me playing Candy Land, he had his own ideas again today. Yes, he wanted us to both have two pieces, but he wanted them to travel together. I got a little more excited to play another drawn-out round when I realized it was going to take us twice as long!
All I feel is joy in this house. And if there’s a ghost, I think it’s a good one.
F#§@ you, infertility! Today, I am pregnant!
"You nosey thing you Mrs Marr!" Says I, laughing of course!
Mr. Francis Noel-Baker (Swindon) I wish to attempt to draw the attention of the House to the advertising campaigns being conducted by tobacco manufacturers and, in particular, to their efforts to persuade young people and children to smoke cigarettes, on which they are at the present time spending large amounts of money....Of course, this whole matter has to be judged against the background of the horrifying risks to health which have shown to be involved in the heavy smoking of cigarettes. That risk, let me add, is precisely the same whether one is dealing with the smoking of the old-fashioned, conventional, plain cigarette, or with the cigarette with the filter tip or the mentholated cigarettes which in the last few years have been entering the consumer market.
It did make me wonder, though, if the lack of desire to learn another language is a symptom of the same problem that now plagues our political discussions. Are so many people in the U.S. simply unwilling to learn another point of view or perspective?
themselves from the EU capital's other specialist beer bars. So,
She's been thrown from the car. That's bad. Ejection equals serious trauma. It also suggests a lack of a seatbelt. The car has definitely rolled over - dents and damage to the roof make that a cetainty.
In addition, we also see reduction in water consumption as a big need in this industry. We offer silicone-based solutions, which if mixed along with building materials helps reduce water consumption and helps improve the strength of the material.
As we are now in a new house in a new location we take different routes to different shops. We spotted a lot of groundwork being done just outside of town and wondered what was being done.
“‘a man against his father,
As the snow began to melt and the ground thawed in New Hampshire, we realized we needed to make some decisions for Adam’s upcoming burial. We talked with the management at several local cemeteries to find out which place seemed best for us. We settled on Union Cemetery, the one that allowed plantings by the gravesite. Mal and I picked out a cemetery plot and ordered a black marble headstone from Laconia Memorial to be engraved with Adam’s “information.” We decided to have the happy and sad “theatre masks” engraved on the stone so that future generations could know how much Adam loved theatre. The engraver wanted thirty days to complete the headstone but I really wanted the headstone to be at the gravesite in time for the June 2nd burial ceremony so he agreed to get this done for us.
For example, a couple who met online will swear up and down that new and social media will be a part of their social fabric. A marketing professional will swear that though their on every social network imaginable, it’s because they need to be on it for business purposes. People use it to strengthen already strong bonds, or to incubate weak ones.
Thankfully, our hot shooting continued out of the halftime break. Not 4 minutes went by and we had already strung together a 12-4 run, thanks to points by all-5 starters! The back-to-back scoring-fest returned with Manu now in the lineup. Our growing advantage at the free throw line was starting to pay off, as we would close out
My achilles heel that's what. On cue the bloody thing decides to rear its ugly head again - reducing me to the armchair, foot up and ice-packed. Anti-inflammatory drugs are being ingested as I write and Dearest's fearsome "you had better be OK for the wedding" (a threat I think not sympathy) should deter any further deterioration. It better improve pretty soon though or else Id hate to be in my shoes (literally).
But sometimes, a poem still says it all - and here's the poem I wrote for Karol, not long after I came back from Poland.
It really is dragging on for what seems like hours. Even a rather nice guitar solo can't save it.
And a grasp of its equilibrium,
Anyways, on a happy note, I've been running again. Yay!
Anyway, I got my Advent wreath cuttings: Pinon Pine, juniper (with big, blue, aromatic berries), Arizona holly, buckbrush, and saltbush (I'm sure that will prove to be a huge mistake--it has fluffy, airborne seeds, and they'll be _all_ over the house within hours--but it was beautiful, with the seeds shining in the sun), with a handful of tiny Pinon cones for decoration.
Super Baladin
So yes. I do like a crisis. I like the pressure. My mind is clear. My hands are strong. My nerves are steady. I feel most alive.
* Insert a tooth pick in the center and check whether its done.
Then I started feeling the *itch*. The itch that said I had a college degree-- nope, wait, two college degrees-- and yet I was staying at home with my daughter, who wasn't really a baby anymore. The itch that said I missed real adult company in which conversations didn't revolve around what your kid can do and what I should be working on with Brooke. The itch that told me Vance and I could be living a heck of a lot more comfortable if only we had two incomes instead of one.
“We will also provide transport subsidies for all school-going children in urban and rural areas,” Lim added.
Jeremiah was God’s preacher to a nation that was bent on its own destruction. Not only was there resistance from the nation in general, but especially disappointing was there resistance from those of the priestly class that had some semblance of knowledge. As God’s preacher was lamenting his circumstances he cries out to the Lord, “O Lord, You induced me…” (Jeremiah 20:7). The word “induced” is also rendered “coerced,” “enticed,” “persuaded.”
Oracle's Moon (Elder Races Series #4)
The past three weeks have been a little weird... but it's okay... I've learned soooooo much from all of it. I just know God had to speak a little louder than a whisper to me, to get my full attention.
With the economy in the toilet these days it doesn't mean we still can't give gifts to family and friends. However, the gifts we give may not be as extravagant but that doesn't mean they're still not fantastic. Here's a fun idea to perk up those incredible treats you plan to share with everyone this holiday season. All for just under $5.
"I farted." My son proudly stated to me but loud enough for the whole line to hear.
I’m looking forward to seeing the article in print soon and very thankful to everyone involved with the BNP Paribas Open for making this possible.
and that is just a match made in heaven!
Never have I packed for a trip so early; I am usually a throw it in a bag at the last minute kind of girl and contrary to the illustration above I travel light. Any of you who know me will attest to the fact that I am not exactly a fashion maven...blame it on being raised in Vermont by very sensible parents ;).
cosmetics
When choosing wedding bands ask what your engraving options are regarding character count and find out how long it will take to have the engraving done. As long as you aren’t in a rush you should take some time to think about what you want and if you can’t think of anything don’t engrave them. You can always go back to the jeweler and have them engraved after the wedding.
the bond of wild flowers is strong,
I am also entering this card into this week's Passion for Promarkers Challenge as the theme is Ribbons and Buttons and I was thrilled to see that my card last week made the top five so I am officially a top 5 Passionista :-)
The downsizing of IPAs leads to compromises. The Widmers have made a tasty, balanced beer. Pour this in a glass and hand it to a hophead, and she'll be happy. Just leave out the India part.
For someone who is an amateur, you get lost in the picture and not living the experience at the moment. How do you enjoy what you're doing and still photograph it?
“The symptoms experienced by children exposed to mercury are real and can be directly linked to the vaccines they were given as infants. It’s ironic that the vaccines given to these young people are meant to protect them, when in fact they are adversely affecting their neurological development.”
So Jesus no longer walked about in public among the Jews, but he left for the region near the desert, to a town called Ephraim, and there he remained with his disciples.
The scene descends upon a dimly-lit, black-and-gray control room. Three figures are in the room. Wide windows open to a sweeping vista of the inky darkness of space, a thousand stars thrown across the velvety blackness. To the right, the glowing arc of a blue-and-green planet can just be seen. One of the figures is sitting in a chair above the other two. The two lower figures' attentions are fixed on the figure sitting.
Each time it happened they've all said,
What is your favorite role to perform?
he hits ground, sweat splatters,
Ken Budd’s memoir, The Voluntourist, revolves around a big life issue: What is my purpose and legacy? Ken’s father led a successful career and excelled as leader. Ken would love to have kids, but his wife Julie isn’t interested.
In the heart wing of a hospital. And yet, sadly, the nurses at the nurses station, later that morning, were ordering a pizza. So where does it end?
MH: I can attest that none of your characters are placed in easy situations and never with clearcut choices. Your German X-Men come about their powers through scientific means. How did your own scientific background working with Los Alamos National Laboratory and other research influence Bitter Seeds?
Hundreds of retail insurance agents visit iWebHound.com daily to search for products they need for their clients. While we are not licensed to sell or transact insurance in any way, we have learned a lot about agents and their habits and successes both through the searches performed at our site and in the course of marketing to and surveying them.
That is to say, we see in the playlet ms Sir Charles Grandison, the same start in caricature we have seen in Juvenilia, in Sanditon, in Plan of a Novel. The difference is there are no leaps here such as we see in the others ms’s. This is not an oddity. Simply this time Austen did not go further than that as she was working with and amusing a lonely young niece, a reading girl like herself. She did not go much beyond her niece, did not return again and again to this ms. Southam suggests that some of Austen’s changes (minor) to Richardson’s story show an attempt at improvement. So it might be considered a weak adaptation, a kind of sequel.
The rain succeeded. Not in taming her, but when her petals closed in late October – usually a (midsummer) sign that the head is transfiguring, metamorphosing, setting seed – they chose not to reopen. She bowed her head and became silent. She’d had enough.
Heck yeah I did!! Who didn't??? My friends and I used to make prank phone calls all the time and then one time it backfired and the guy we prank called started calling us back and he scared the daylights out of us because he wouldn't stop calling (he called a million times at least lol). We forgot to block our number before we called and he just *69 ed us and decided that the prank was on us :(
Melt butter over medium-low heat. Stir in flour. Stir in salt. Pour in milk, stirring constantly until thickened. Remove from heat. Add cheese, stirring until melted. In a baking dish, mix macaroni and cheese sauce. Sprinkle with breadcrumbs (or crushed crackers) and extra cheese, if desired. Bake in a preheated 350° oven for 20 minutes, or until hot and bubbly.
The bottom line is that we must invest in our students: in teaching them to read and become lifelong readers and learners, and in every aspect of their education. While it’s good news that state revenues are increasing and balancing the state budget was much easier for legislators this year, Colorado is a billion dollars behind in K-12 funding. You can’t get around that.
With this project, I used the colors red, white and blue to keep with the holiday theme! But I added a little surprise for Karen.....I stamped and colored Tilda on a little bag. Brilliant, aren't I? Well I can't take credit for this...the brilliant person is JANE over at Jane's Lovely Cards! Is she just not short of INCREDIBLE!!?? Coloring on fabric is somewhat difficult...OK, difficult for me. You have to be very precise because it does bleed. I had practiced on another bag first and boy, was I glad I did! It is very cool though, so I'm sure I'll be doing this again and again and again....
The beginning of January my bff’s dad passed away. It was such a sad time. I saw you at the wake. We didn’t talk, but it was hard to keep my eyes off you and my bff said you kept staring at me. I don’t know if you were or what that meant. I did look over at you and wasn’t sure if you were looking at me or past me. I tried not to read into it. You’re gf was there for the first wake and it was awkward for me. I caught her looking at me a few times, I tried not to judge her since we never met. But, with the risk of sounding like a bitch let me just say, “At first I was jealous and then I realized she was ugly.” I will admit when I find a female attractive and if she wouldn’t have been your gf at the time I first saw her I still wouldn’t have found her attractive. It’s okay though, we have different tastes. I guess whatever floats your boat, but I don’t know how you could kiss someone with bad acne completely around their mouth. That’d gross me out. Anyways, I’m sorry. I guess I was jealous for a while. I felt like she took you from me even though I lost you two months before. I heard she’s a very nice person, that’s good even though you would tell me I was too nice. She also has a son and it made me a little mad. You would say constantly how you never wanted kids and hated coming to my bff’s house when she had her kids. Needless to say your relationship didn’t last and I’m sorry about that. I know you cared for her. But life goes on…
-”Yes relative 1 the waitress does look a bit like that one who did the dirty on Jennifer Aniston and yes I don’t like her either …sorry waitress I meant Angelina Jolie not you, you seem perfectly fine…please don’t spit in my food”;
In order for the audience to be morally comfortable enough to allow this, though, we need to return to the scene of the crime. It is vital that we overcome whatever reservations we may have about Hogancamp casting his assailants as Nazis. Otherwise, any distain we might feel for the fetishistically perverse impulses of the artist will obstruct our connection with him as an artist and possibly even as a victim in need of his therapy. In short, it has to be explained to us why Hogancamp was savagely beaten to near death outside the bar that night.
Whether you are a small scale association looking forward to raise funds and help their work, or a bigger business or commercial marketing agency, rubber wristbands can be useful for you.
The movie has been rated R by the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA), which means that any kid under 17 can’t get in without being escorted by an adult, and even worse the film won’t be able to be screened in Middle Schools and High Schools without permission slips being sent home and signed. That is… the worst thing ever.
'I was carrying bodies back to the helicopters when one of my own guys stabbed me with morphine and threw me into the back of the helicopter.
Make sure you have a barf bag nearby as you read the article, he really is not a likable person. At all.
To make a long story short, Rocky was diagnosed with feline leukemia. His lymph nodes began to really swell up. It devastated me to be told he had maybe two weeks to live, at best. In fact, I refused to believe it. I even took him to another vet for a second opinion, only to have the first one confirmed.
Here’s a movie that begins with a loaded question. A poke, of the kind that starts arguments:
BDAYtoME33
while he's waiting.
Final thoughts: read this book if you are not easily intimidated by number of pages and can handle a big list of characters. The writing is of course fantastic but it's not a walk-in-the-park sort of books and definitely not for everyone.
Loose Button - Luxe Box (Canada Only)
Being with Maureen, is like you’ve known her forever, a good friend, the kind that feels like no matter how much time goes by, you just pick up, like no time at all was passed. She is inviting, enlightening, (is that a word?) kind and always affirming.
And the most spiritually touching place we visited, the Garden of Gethsemane. When we had time to quietly reflect on our own, I turned my Bible to Mark 14:32 and began reading. In verse 35, Jesus said, “My soul is overwhelmed with sorrow to the point of death.”
我的梦
When I arrived to the party, Ms. Cicero was having each child stand up and spell a word - Brody spelled tub with no problem. We then sat down and made these cute birds in a nest. Brody ate the entire thing and left me nothing. :) They also made a cute bunny.
Sending the call out to the clans, warriors from the highlands and islands flocked to his standard. One such warrior, the young Grant of Glenmoriston, hurried in with his levies and after days of hard travelling arrived in the Prince’s presence, dirty, dishevelled and decidedly unshaved. Reproached by one of the Princes courtiers who had traveled with him from haute couture Versailles for appearing dirty and unshorn, young Grants immortal reply was “It is not beardless boys who are to do His Royal Highness’ turn”!
A fine Royal No. 10 rounded out the selection. The Olivetti Valentine has already been pictured, and the seventh typewriter was an AZERTY-keyboard Remington Noiseless 7 in grey crinkle paint that I only just realized I forgot to photograph. A curious passerby was testing out the keys, so I moved on to look at the other machines and then forgot about the Noiseless. Ah, well.
10. Hooray For Today
Yes, that's my post title. I suppose I'll break it down for you.
I am a total nerd but I am loving the Carly Rae Jepsen song right now “Call me maybe!”
:7,8 And as you go, preach, saying, “The kingdom of heaven is at hand. Heal the sick, cleanse the lepers, raise the dead, cast out demons; freely you have received, freely give.”
“I will help you!” cried out Bantum, and began following after her, despite numerous objections from the group.
I see me now,
Obviously, I'm being a little catty.
to the ambulance,
Secondly: pick up a bottle each of sparkling wine and club soda. You don’t have to splurge on fancy champagne for this recipe, not by any means. I usually use prosecco for this, or you can use any sort of inexpensive French or domestic sparkling wine that tastes good to you.
3. Jelly
*2 tablespoons of prepared horseradish
...and ya wonder why it’s been a week and a half since the last post?...
“Soon he was so in love with the witch’s daughter that he could think of nothing else. He lived by the light of her eyes and gladly did whatever she asked.”
Some writers have even said that it does not amount to hacking where simply someone accesses a phone’s messages because the default PIN code has not been changed.
a Canadian flight suit,
2011 was a year of extremes. From the tragedy of Japan’s devastating earthquake and tsunami, to the pageantry of a British Royal wedding; from the wave of revolutionary change in Egypt, Tunisia and Libya, to the solemn commemoration that took place on September 11, we reflect on a passing year filled with emotion, knowing the world will never be the same.
We have a gigantic porch. It is fairly well protected from the weather and it is a whole lot of fun to decorate! It was dressed to the nines for the holidays. Once that got all put away, it was time for a simpler look. I had lots of red pieces before. Here it is looking quite patriotic. Whites and creams are calling my name these days. Between the Barn House boys and Rachel Ashwell’s new Shabby Chic look influencing me, I am embracing neutrals more and more.
the first light. Or after the switch
which tantalizes and torments this monkish brute.
After a nice hot shower, in which of course the woman is sufficiently rinsed and dried, apply a thorough massage of warm peanut oil, all over the body. This should make her receptive. Then, a large jar of creamy (I do not advise chunky, for reasons that will soon be apparent), applied strategically, on the breasts, abdomen, lower thighs, etc., and of course reserve the greatest amount of the substance on the woman's pussy. Massage it in thoroughly. Then, slowly, exquisitely, suck it off, applying the appropriate amount of pressure. Of course, you should save the pussy for last.
In North Wales the development of the Parys mountain copper mine is closely connected to the slave trade because much of the metal was destined for the sheathing of naval vessels. In Merthyr Tydfil, the starting point of the modern iron industry in Wales, the key figure was Anthony Bacon, who also made his money from the trade.
a wide range of interests. These have come not
“I have to confess I was quite surprised when you strolled into the ballroom tonight,” Grayson began. “I hadn’t expected to see you here, especially not wearing that cheap blond wig.” “Don’t care for blondes, do you?” I sniped. “Sassy brunettes are more my style.” He grinned.
Elisa could be everything to those who need her most. If the prophecy is fulfilled. If she finds the power deep within herself. If she doesn’t die young.
No more troubles
The article also includes several videos of program samples, and further segments can be seen on YouTube. There was no mention of age appropriate content so I’m guessing it’s all good for puppyhood to seniors.
If this is our government's attitude towards the laws that define our nation, then they are quite frankly even more incompetent than I thought.
Connexin43 is part of a group of proteins that affected our circadian rhythm – the mechanism by which body processes crank up during daylight hours and slow down at night.
Analyst firm IHS has said that sales of Apple’s iPad in the fourth quarter of 2011 could have been even greater if it weren’t for the iPhone 4S.
A couple of weeks ago, we had a client who was persistently calling the front desk, driving us all insane. She was sobbing about how her main vet had left the practice, how someone in her building told her the food she fed the dog was garbage, how she was a single mother and couldn’t afford vet bills. Basically, she called to complain about things that don’t concern me, and I can’t fix. She just wanted someone to whine to.
According to Felicia, over 10,000 people clicked on her twitter link to the Amazon.com page for DEMONS.
This is one of the huge reasons it is important to teach respect, being kind, and good citizenship. You might be the only person that your students can count on. I know it is hard when we've been up since 5 taking care of our own kids, getting them off to school, making sure everything is ready for the day, and Oh! Billy threw up all over the table to take the time and model the kind of behavior that we expect from our students.
you find yourself in such a situation, you should not be need conscious
Mike O’Driscoll – 13 O’Clock
An exerpt from a poem by James Gates Percival
Rant over for now! Back to writing my essay! Must not waste anymore time procrastinating!
Fond though I may be of the place, I have in many ways divorced myself emotionally from Indianapolis. My friends, strangely enough, are not associated with Indy even though many live there. Maybe that's because several were friends before any of us moved there, or maybe it's been my nomadic existence for the bulk of my life that keeps me from identifying a friend with a point on the map. Regardless, one thing keeps me still caring about the city and its well-being: the Indianapolis Colts.
During the summer, it just doesn't seem this way. Everyone is happy, the house stays clean, and it takes less time to get things done! In the winter it takes so much more effort! Maybe because in the winter the only way things feel relaxing is sitting in a candle lit clean house, with a hot cup of tea watching a movie or reading a book. In the winter everyone plays inside all day long, and that relaxing setting is non-existent some days!
To all of us who stood on line on this date to see the premier of the latest Star Wars film, we remember. Star Wars opened and play at the Cinerama for a year in Honolulu when I was in high school (and it turns out a certain President of the United States was also known to head down to the Cinerama to see Star Wars that year in Waikiki). Hawaii is a great place to grow up, but on cloudy days there is only so much one can do - go hang out at Ala Moana Shopping Center or go see Star Wars at the Cinerama.
In colander, drain zucchini, squeezing to remove excess liquid. Combine zucc, carrot, potatoes, peas, & corn in bowl. Stir in eggs, flour, cheese, and seasonings. Mix well. Drop batter by ¼ cup-fulls onto greased George Foreman at medium heat, press lightly to flatten, fry until golden brown, about 5-8 min. Serve warm.
I said, “No, it’s not a height per se. It’s a special AO that folds up the body and the limbs. Tinies don’t have joints like normal folks. They don’t have knees or elbows, and the torso is all folded down compactly.”
The administration didn't seem to get the message that the American people are against Cap And Trade. If Obama doesn't get what he wants through legislative action, evidently he thinks its appropriate to force the issue through a dictatorial regime.
The Nolly Wood Star actor, Chinedu Ikedieze popularly knows as (Aki) and Nneoma Nwaijah proved that love conquers all things on Friday,December 9,2011 as they became husband and wife.
Oh, and they slap alien harnesses onto our children and turn them all into slaves.
Your typical personal characteristics are: a desire to improve yourself and others, to evaluate things and people, to handle symbols of value (including money), to bring a social trend to a conclusion; devotion to a personality you consider great, self-overcoming, yearning for more light.
Her early arrival would be the result of an induced labour. There are two reasons why this might happen. One, my sister’s blood pressure is high. This is a common end of pregnancy issue, but still undesirable. Two, baby Olivia is apparently gigantic. She’s the size of a baby one and a half weeks older than she is. My sister’s doctor is concerned about letting her get any bigger pre-delivery.
My impression is that Castorp is light-headed, even giddy, when he discusses meeting the Russians and Tous le deux with his cousin
I am offering the winner a choice of either two hair clips, 2 bobby pins or a hairband. I will obviously pay postage and there may be another thing or two popped in the winning parcel :-)
I decided to do some framed pieces this time
That's it! Have a great weekend. I'll be in my kitchen staring at tile, counters, and cabinets. :-)
digging the dirt of existence
What I personally feel that because of the circumstances and the situation in our day to day life we start feeling our self down and in the long run it developes some sort of negativity in our thoughts, and thats when these Godmen comes into our life with a ray of hope towards positivity of life...
CN: Shop in the small designer boutiques; it’s not that expensive and you can find some really good stuff. Also you can be sure that you won’t cross someone else in the street wearing the exact same T-shirt as you, unlike when you buy something from a chain store that mass produces everything. Plus small Colombian designers usually try to integrate typical images that come from our cultural heritage that all us Colombians can identify with.
Thanks also to jlowe for the Vonnegut suggestions. I've been eyeing Player Piano lately. I'll bring it along tonight, though I'll be reading the Dirk Gently sequel The Long Dark Tea-time of the Soul first.
Want to wear the kids out and still feel good when you hit the saloons unencumbered later? The Museum of Natural History is your man. Go early and saturate them with dinosaurs, pharaohs, whales and fossils, they’ll be crying out for a long peaceful evening of Facebook and video games back at the hotel.
Good morning girls
A New Day is interesting and very well told, but not once did I feel as though I were in control of the action. For those who can't get enough of The Walking Dead universe, it's ideal. Those after an actual game from their game will find themselves a little more disappointed.
Mother’s Day is now the third most popular of celebrated holidays.
Molly texted me yesterday morning: Mom, I just had an awful dream.
Mitt Romney says he’ll “get rid of Planned Parenthood” George W. Bush Surfaces to Advocate for His Rich Buddies THANK YOU, President Obama for the cheapest energy in the world! Murders Can Have Supporters and a Website? Did you email your US senator and US Rep. about the “Buffett Rule” as the President Asked?
So in Ghost of a Chance, Eva and the ghost world exist on the other side of the looking glass to the Strattons and the murder investigation. The challenge for me was to have those two strands twining around each other while retaining certain points of mystery up until the very end.
Although I'll be doing the bulk of the blogging here at The Butcher's Case, Fleisher's co-owner Jessica Applestone will be contributing as well.
Address of bank : 37 – 39 Main Road, Mowbray, 7700
Despite, or perhaps because of, these types of challenges employers are facing, the work force seems to be evolving in a way that could benefit older workers.
The family of Hayley Adamson, 16, have reacted with anger that Northumbria Police put themselves forward for the prize after the horrifying smash.
A wealthy Chinese businessman was now old and wanted to retire. He called his three sons too him and said to them, ‘ I have decided not to divide the business into three, but will give it to the one of you who proves himself to be the best businessman. You can prove this to me by passing a simple test.’ Each son was given $10 and instructed to use the money to purchase something that would fill a big empty room.
Isidor was buried in the Bronx, New York. His tomb (and the Strauss statue in Strauss Park) can be viewed here.
Science and technology provide many societal benefits, such as the enhancement of economic growth or quality of life. They also can produce negative, unintended consequences. Most societies promote science and technology, but this can be costly. Establishment of IPRs that protect new works and give innovators the right to profit from their creations provides incentives for expensive innovation without the need for direct government subsidies. At the same time, IPRs may maintain or aggravate wealth inequities.
Oedipus Rex: "I damn well beg to differ."
I found Chipotle.
The common wheats include hard red winter wheat, grown in Texas and northward up through Kansas; hard red spring wheat, grown in the north central states (North and South Dakota, Idaho, Montana, and Minnesota); soft red winter wheat, grown in the east-central United States (Ohio, Michigan, Missouri, Illinois, and Indiana); and whitewheat, grown around the Great Lakes and in the far West.
Unplug from the media machine and let this sucker spin without preconceptions, because Storm Corrosion defies the temporary and boils like a dream come true. Your mileage may vary, but this is a sonic experience that was built to last.
More to the point, Enrique (left) says the CLA is looking for fresh speakers with new ideas. Talks at the CLA's European meeting are short and sharp, rather than long, rambling and descriptive. So if you have a theme you'd like to develop, contact Enrique and see if you can get on next year's programme (Prague 2006). Important point to note: unlike many computer lawyers, Enrique is very sympathetic and responsive to intellectual property issues ...
Brittle glass,
-Preheat your oven to 350 and grease a 8*8 inch baking dish.
As a student at Imo State University in the 80s I used to hear stories of retributive gang rapes of uppity female students. Somehow they always happened to other girls on other campuses. I listened in wide eyed dis-belief.
Jack (2 years 6 months): It is not remembered who was afraid of the goats at Suson Park’s animal farm, but it is on record that, on a visit there, Jack reached out to a curly-headed blonde girl about his age and said, “Hold my hand.” (#615)
"The Mayoral system is a better and more democratic one than the only legally permitted alternative of a councillor who is selected by other councillors, no doubt on the well worn principles of “Buggins’ turn” and “back-scratching” to be the Leader with a cabinet.
However, E@L is using this absence of Time advantageously and is planning ahead (ahead? before? now? - what does this temporary absence of temporality mean? What, indeed, does 'temporary' mean in such a situation) for his New Year Resolutions (NYR).
Shetty, who has made movies like Sunday, the Golmaal series and All the Best: Fun Begins, is quite charged up and has decided to himself conceptualise, design and execute the action for the film.
Have a good week ahead.
12 oz. Can. Pours a dark amber/brown with some light red hues. Nice medium khaki head, foamy and quickly dissipating from about one finger thick, leaving a decently laced glass. Big malt nose, mostly caramel with a slight smoke, and a touch of biscuit. Taste is full of caramel and chocolate, touch of toffee. A rather forward smoky quality permeates throughout, subtle, mixing with a mild to moderate bitter for the style. The end is crisp, but the hop bitterness and smoke lingers slightly on the sides of the tongue. Tasty brew. Would pair well with grilled steak or some beef brisket. k
and the stretch of earth to sun it brings.
The London Cyber conference is on this week and will be discussing the social benefits of the internet. I'm in a ranty mood though so other than list some of the benefits (creation of great online communities, people from all over the world being able to communicate and share their interests, wonderful blogs such as this one and access to lots of free helpful advice, as well as all the convenience of booking things online and being able to use the paper phone directory to plug a leak and use its online version on a day to day basis) I'm going to rant about the negatives of the internet. Because although I would never go back to how things were before (can anyone really imagine a world without 24/7 access to pictures of Johnny Depp and sleb gossip both true and malicious?) the internet has created its own set of problems.
Universal Precautions
What do you think??? I think it actually looks quite presentable for a card that took less than 30 minutes (excluding drying time of course)! My son loves it and has nabbed it for his girlfriend (true love at the age of 10!).
After the Canadian metal legends, here are the Canadian punk legends! Still active after 30 years, these guys crafted the most impressive catalog of punk rocking hymns to beer, hair and doggy-styling. You must sing out loud while the entire Feed us A Fetus album is playing. Actually the first three LPs are classic golden punking and slightly metallic rocker gems, while the follow ups are totally excellent except Holy Shiite!! which makes me want to listen to Accept. Acting like Black Sabbath!
UPDATE 5/1:
I went back to bed purposely to sleep. Instead of falling asleep, the thought kept going. I was talking to the Lord between trying to fall asleep. As I was drifting back to sleep, I heard again ‘Don McLean!’ as if the Lord didn’t want me to sleep. I asked Him if He wanted me to post a comment on your article on this, but He said “Carlos must give the message.” When I was wondering what message, I heard in my mind not me but Don McLean singing from this line, “…the music dies… so bye bye Miss American Pie…” I decided I now got the message so I went to sleep. But again the Lord woke me up urging me to send the message to you. Oh I’m tired. I asked Him to just give me another hour for anyway, I’m getting up at 4:30. But every time I drifted back, I heard Don McLean singing those same lines of the American Pie over and over. At least 3 times I begged of the Lord to just let me sleep a little while because my head is aching. God is persistent. When I drifted back to sleep, He strongly woke me up, my eyes wide opened with this “The Astounding A.A. Allen’s Vision”, with the image of the Statue of Liberty on the ground, broken as depicted in your article.
-I caught him picking his nose the other day and told him if he kept doing it, worms would grow in his tummy. He said, “Well, I like worms”. Beau looked at me and smirked.
Paul's major contribution to the event was the first ever staging of Burgess's only ballet, 'Mr WS', for which he conducted a large orchestra of largely amateur musicians. Friends of Topsyturvydom will know that modern interpretive dance is really not my thing, so you may be surprised to read that I was gripped throughout by the ability of four dancers to produce a mesmerising display of acrobatic and inexhaustibly inventive movement to represent Shakespeare's life and times. It was a privilege to talk to one of the dancers, Mélisande Carré Angeli at the conference dinner, where she told me that remembering all the complex moves was simply a question of repetition. I was exhausted just watching.
After spending the majority of the afternoon in the Dome as well as in the campsite raging with new friends, we got back to the Sahara to catch the end of David Guetta. I’m not quite sure why people hate on him so hard (probably because he is so main stream, obviously) but this man throws down hard and it was good to catch the end of his set. Up next was Americas top ranked DJ, Kaskade. I have been a big fan of Kaskade for some time now and have been fortunate enough to see him twice before. His classic into alone earned him the # 1 position for day 2 and his entire set can be seen in its entirety below. After catching half of his set me and a friend decided to head over to the Mojave Tent to see a bit of Sub Focus. Man his stage was absolutely crazy and in my book the coolest stage of the weekend. For me I was not too familiar with him but knew a few of his songs. This is why Coachella is awesome because of the new artists you become to love based solely upon experience. Although the sound did keep cutting out it was still a sick performance and the visuals definitely helped out with the sound difficulties.
Christmas FLEW by! I can’t believe it’s already over. As a parent, I have the sensation of cooking an exquisite meal and then having it gone in minutes.
If those holes had matched up, there would be pellets spilling all over the floor on the opposite side of the table.
Without consultation with the public, the Federal Government is going to wipe out Bukit Gasing from Kuala Lumpur. Is this an attempt to deceive Malaysians? Consider the following:
I was hoping that the quilting would show up better in this pic, but I'm sure if you click to enlarge, and if you so choose, you can get a better look.
“Michelle, honey, is there something wrong? Your eyes are just about to bug out of that head!” I said.
First off, I know exactly what’s happening on True Blood, and may I share that I wasn’t thrilled with episodes eight, nine, or ten. C’mon, Alan Ball, can’t you at least pretend to have read the
Scroll on down if you dare...
"See, she pecks the fallen sloes
let alone dealing with bullying.
seducing me to a salivating wreck,
So now we've been in Santa Monica for 3 months now and we're all fitting in quite nicely. Even Matthew, who I think had the hardest time adjusting. I love my kids school and I love their teachers. Well, Matthew's teacher, anyway. Josie's teacher I'm kinda 'meh' about, but she's nice and Josie doesn't have any problems.
On Monday, I finally managed to get all of the edging done. With over-seeding the lawn, last fall, I have a feeling I’ll be back out there in about 2 weeks, ripping the invading grass from the edges of my gardens. But for now, I am freed up to do what I really love. As I’ve said, spring is an almost spiritual time for me, as I watch each perennial push its way above ground and start life anew, for another season. I love getting my hands in there and tending each plant. Pruning where needed. Weeding. Bringing each plant back within its boundaries.
That seems to be a sticking point for some people. Probably because they take it out of context. When a man and a woman dance, only one can lead. The woman is probably the better dancer, and may have even taught the man how to dance; but they both can’t lead. The man leading isn’t disrespectful to the woman. In fact, in leading, the man is parading or displaying with pride, the beauty of the woman in his arms.
In a recent article from Life With Dogs, the channel is said “to cater to a dog’s unique sense of sight, hearing, and movement detection.” Both visuals and audio tracks were selected for the optimal canine experience.
It's summer. Unless you live in the southern hemisphere, you upside-down freak. (Gravity, how does it work?) Anyways, it's hot here. And I still have like 2 weeks left in this god-forsaken town before I head off to college on the coast where the contents of my car won't turn into things comparable with other really hot things like the sun and lava.
In summary, what you can do as an author: 1) grow your “subscriber” list. 2) Know your audience. And if they’re predominantly bloggers, please take a moment to read their blogs or books, too? 3) Write for readers, not yourself or your mother. I think most agents agree this applies for books, too.
The sun smacks of cave-dwelling
Later that day, I was able to do a little research and found out that the Ursa Minor Weizen Stout is from the newest brewery to open in Portland, Maine. The Rising Tide Brewing Company described as, "a family-owned craft brewery, specializing in artisanal, hand-crafted ales brewed in small batches (90 gallons at a time) in a one-barrel brewhouse." According to the bottle, the Ursa Minor is Rising Tide's version of a winter wheat beer that is, "perfect for an icy winter's eve." It has a,"German wheat-beer yeast and a base of malted wheat, along with a blend of dark crystal and roasted malts to create a wheat stout."
Next thing, he was out of the rucksack and waving at everyone. This was fun. Breweries and pubs, trains and more pubs, then more trains. It was a tiring day. Sooty made lots of friends. Some suggested that he should have his own twitter account, and so HardknottSooty was born.
Here's some of the evidence!
Stone Rollin' has largely been sold or discussed as a spiritual successor to 2008's overly faithful Motown pastiche, The Way I See It. And while the early rock'n'roll homages of Stone Rollin' root it in a similar retro aesthetic, the truth is it's a much more interesting and creative album, bridging its classic influences with a modern sensibility that's uniquely Saadiq like all his best work, from Instant Vintage to Tony! Toni! Toné! When all is said and done and this inevitably makes far fewer year-end lists than The Way I See It, please know that critics jumped the gun and rallied around the wrong album.
Tomorrow's topic is a photography challenge- yikes! I'll have to get my thinking cap on... Maybe Mini Oswald will help me, he suggested taking a photo of the colourful veggies that I used in the chicken stirfry I made for dinner... hehe!
Look at that thing. It’s not just a doomsday weapon; it’s a giant middle finger to every single person living in the eventual glass crater beneath you. The B-36 is a statement, and that statement is: “Hey assholes, war is about money and we have all of it so get fucked.” And then you incinerate them. The B-36 is a put down the scale of which Tommy Hilfiger’s reptile brain couldn’t even begin to comprehend.
With a heavy storm on the horizon, CofC postponed Saturday’s game to Sunday and so we had the day in Charleston, with a bitter taste in our mouths from the loss, and weather that matched the mood outside. We went to the Outlets in Charleston where we blew most of our meal money on new fitted hats, or in Nelli’s case on Banana Republic garb that helps him compete for the most “swag” on the team on and off the field. One thing to know about baseball players is our love for hats. I’d say most guys in college baseball have their “go-to” hat that they wear religiously off the field. For me, it is a blue Jacksonville Suns hat that I bought in high school watching a game with teammate Kyle Webb. The team restocked their cap collection at Lids. Saturday night saw our team divided. Besides the heavy rival of CofC vs. Elon, College sports offered another marquee rivalry- Duke vs. UNC basketball. TRob brought his UNC fandom to a new level, flaunting a UNC basketball jersey around the hotel during the Duke massacre.
But let's turn the tables. Suppose Lieberman hadn't decided to run as an independent and win with Republican votes? Would he not have written exactly the same thing as Lugar did here, or said what Danforth did above? Suppose California Democrats had their shit together and ousted Dianne Feinstein for a real liberal. The whining would be just as deafening.
Select the white dropper and then click it on the lightest part of your photograph. You can keep choosing a new part until you are happy with the result. As you can see, I have selected the brightest area of my background. This will automatically readjust the photograph.
Young Gul is at the same time distributing pay amongst his employees. The pay contains bonuses for everyone and he tells them they’re on to the next phase of their business here on. Finally, he calls up Ga Young since hers I s the only one left. She’s happy to get the call and he tells her he’s infront of her office, asking her to come out. She primps up, ready to go but gets a call. It’s to head to a meeting where Jae Hyuk introduces her to some people working on YGM and then they all head out to dinner together, as witnessed by Anna. Ga Young messages Young Gul that something popped up for work and she can’t come. He scoffs at that and watches her get in the same car with Jae Hyuk and leave. (Funny how I don’t care much about the scene itself but love the background song!)
Ok I know 3 posts in one day… WOW… but I had to link up for the FINAL fall Festival at DIY Show Off!
Investigators killed a masked man and shot another man at the lawyer’s office on Saturday, according to police reports in the case. An investigator from the Mississippi attorney general’s office was wounded in the exchange.
In all likelihood, the Indianapolis Colts and the Washington Redskins are going to pick these two players in the above respective order, but there have been numerous reports since the NFL Combine that RG3, as he has become known, has surpassed Luck in value and potential. We as fans, have gone through an entire season of both college and professional football, hearing about the “Suck For Luck” campaign. I believe this is a media creation; no coach or GM in their right mind in the fickle world of the NFL would intentionally risk their own jobs to land any player, no matter their potential.
As the time goes by, your carpets capture dust, dirt, bacteria, pollen, dust mites, their wastes, and the bacteria that feed on it. The carpet steam cleaning method will kill them. It is absolutely safe for children and pet. Should you suffer from Asthma, Asthma, Bronchitis, Inflammation of the Mucous Membranes, Eczema, and Itchy Red Eyes then the carpet steam cleaning is the right cleaning for you.
I enjoyed another great Mother's Day on Sunday! Actually, the entire weekend was great!
So it is also strange that a spokesman for the MDL should say that ‘the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) showed race-related crimes rose by more than a quarter last year’. Yes, and that was mainly due to the rise in Muslim attacks on both Jews and other non-Muslims. Muslims themselves are hardly ever attacked – at least not for being Muslim. Thus ritual chants of ‘racism’ are just another means to further the Islamic cause – yet another arm of Islamic jihad.
We sighed.
Along with William Eggleston and Stephen Shore, Sternfeld saw to it that colour photography became a respected artistic medium in the 1970s. Until that time, colour was used widely in advertising and amateur photography, but was rarely seen in museums and galleries. Sternfeld was influenced by the color theory of the Bauhaus and by the work of William Eggleston, whose exhibition in MoMA in 1976 marked the official acceptance of colour photography in the art world.
I honestly didn’t set out to write a feminist take on the zombocalypse when I started writing AS THE WORLD DIES as an online serial. I just wrote about the sort of people I that exist in my everyday life. The characters all evolved naturally as I wrote, as did their complicated relationships and sometimes disastrous choices. It was only later that I fully began to understand how ground-breaking having two female leads in the genre actually was.
Hail to the Ecstatic Lord in His Wanderings–Rejoice! You are praised!
When you deeply have to decide
Shortly after Hurricane Katrina caused terrible havoc to the Gulf Coast in August 2005, U.S. meteorologist Scott Stevens declared that the natural catastrophe had been generated by Russian scientists. This time around, he accused NASA of concealing data relayed to Earth by SOHO, an orbital solar telescope.
How did you come up with the title?
Gunnlaug saw the great mocking hereunder, and much jeering was brought into the play; and withal he went away silent.
One of the greatest blessings I have in my life has been to be able to be a stay at home mother. I never wanted to be a stay at home mom growing up – I was convinced that happiness was found outside the home. I KNEW I wanted to have a career in Interior Design, live in England, and make all my dreams come true. As soon as I married, my heart started to change and I could see how self-centered my views were. I was not looking at the full potential God wanted me to be. Oh how things change! Oh how God works in marvelous ways!
Feel free to suggest your own in the comments! Who knows? I might like your idea even better.
After delighting in the asking price (a mere 5 dollars), I thought that it might be novel this trip to try to find other obscure parlor and party games. The price seemed right, and the more I thought about it, the more I liked the idea of having, well, something else to do whenever other people were about. We’d kind of gotten in a rut lately.
Mystical traditions and esoteric schools have long known of this area in the middle of the brain,
However, sometimes I don’t want to eat meat, and I guess because I am trying to eat healthier — but I don’t like the idea of eating some kind of weird, contrived and tasteless vegetable dish. So for people like me, there’s vegetarian Chinese food, also referred to as Buddhist Chinese food.
I want to invest in it and be sure that it grows.
This has a nice rich nose with some floral notes. The palate starts rich with candy notes then turns to chewy, woody notes which last into the finish, accompanied by caramel. It's definitely one of the nicer whiskeys in the set.
Oh, and the title of this post is a play on Michael Moore’s famous first documentary. I actually did not know Paul well, and can only speak on experiences surrounding gaming with him at a dingy, smelly little game shop.
Teenage me would be mortified that I shared this. Jason was a gorgeous, hot boy who never spoke to me. And whom I crushed on in a very unhealthy manner for four years of high school. Disclaimer: I did not make a lot of effort to speak to him, and to his defense, he probably never had a clue I existed.
It will première at the Rose City Steam Punk Film Festival in Portland Oregon on the 13th of Feb (they actually requested the film, which is a new one on me =) and will then hopefully appear in the 3rd Short Cinema in London, and then wherever I can get it shown (afford to get it shown) while I finish off my other shorts that have waited patiently on the sidelines (Bonnie & Clyde, Monster Hunter, Violet Rain, Episode & Ep 2 of The Last Doctor)
Knowledge is now so scarce and even leaders lack so much, it is incredible to hear leaders saying things that are so flagrantly erroneous that it leads me to doubt their intelligence, knowledge or their honesty.
After a couple of sessions of baking and glazing I had a nice flock of little porcelain birds.
After his eyes Mike ran the wash-cloth under his armpits pulling at the bits of curdled antiperspirant and tearing at a few hairs in the process. The little sting of pain was a morning reminder why he preferred to keep his pits shaved but could not in Italy as the 220 volt converters always burned out the motors on his electric groomers and he was just too lazy to use a razor there. At least he could still suspend one domestic habit. Mike always became a little aroused when grooming, because the transformation to beautiful was like the final touches on a sculpture of his own body. Yes, he was a little heavier than he wanted but he knew, when he could be rational, that he was much more tone than most men his age. Yet, hearing it from a voice of reason was not nearly so satisfying as hearing it from a woman.
But it could be Obama's last poll bounce of 2012.
The individual “paperweights” were created with iPerbolic (photographs of individual crocheted motifs); the rest of it was done in Photoshop. Background texture is done with Quadtiles font from The Dingbatcave (my dingbat font site).
Another reason why Wall of Days struck a chord is that for several years, I'd had a novel brewing in my head that had a very similar beginning. As soon as I began reading the first page, I felt a huge sense of relief that someone had written the novel for me and done a much better job of it. I can now hit the pillow without any more recurring images of grey skies and tussock grass.
“Livvy, I know the rules, but he’s obviously not from here. And he looks like no guy I’ve ever seen before. I mean, every boy I’ve ever met looks like every boy I’ve ever met.”
4. The dark mornings aren't so dark, what little light there is reflects off all those white sparkly surfaces, meaning that the early morning walk to school/in the woods with the dog are almost pleasant (if it weren't for the ungodliness of the hour).
MINI MANTRAS II – TABLE OF CONTENTS
Just as important, many film stars were in New York, unable to get out of theatrical commitments on Broadway. And frankly, in the years before international television viewership, the Oscars simply did not have the same urgency as they do today. Thus, the award show came to them.
Collins believes that Holiday can be a vital key to the Sixers end of game situations because of his ability to score in a variety of ways and to setup his teammates. Collins cited Holiday’s impressive performance against Miami in his first playoff game as reason for optimism when it comes to his development and big game ability.
Jahanara
These stories just work better if you’ve got all your real/true details down pat. Making your monsters be the cause, participant, or product of some well-known historical events is fantastic if you can make it believable. Also, sub-point; the further back in history, the better. Don’t try to tell me vampires caused 9/11 – I’m looking at you The President’s Vampire! Contemporary events are too fresh. Pick something that has the fog of time around it blurring our thoughts.
upholds Jehovah’s decree not to associate
required to qualify to provide foster care. More recently, Ahmed has
“Genuine yoga exposes the insubstantiality and emptiness of our self-image, which allows us to see the insubstantiality and emptiness of everything. Eventually, remarkable courage, commitment and compassion arise from yoga practice, and, through those, a wonderful insight and joy.” Michael Stone- The Inner Tradition of Yoga
Moving on to (ii), when asked to define the normative, I’ve previously said that something is normative if it is subject to assessments of correctness. This ties into the order of explanation already suggested because we can define acting correctly as acting as one should. We can then understand forms of correctness applicable to things other than action (e.g., the correct way for a heart to beat) as derivative upon or analogous to the correctness of actions, just as ideal states are derivative upon obligations. However, the problem with this definition is that although there are a bunch of normative notions that we might be able to understand as types of correctness (e.g., truth, goodness, justice, appropriateness, etc.) insofar as they distinguish what is correct in a certain context from what is incorrect (e.g., falsity, badness, injustice, inappropriateness, etc.), there are other normative notions that aren’t obviously analysable in such binary terms, such as beauty, which could be opposed either to its absence or to ugliness, and any other notions which permit ranges of ranked values, such as virtue (more or less virtuous), commendation (more or less commended), worthiness (more or less worthy), etc.
Happy Thursday! Hope you all are having a great week. My Andrew left to Chicago this morning for 5 days and I am already missing him! He smiles every time I talk to him... he must like my accent! (ha, ha, ha).
The brain juices get flowing (we may or may not have stumbled upon some questionable beer in the fridge and used ourselves as test subjects to see whether or not beer goes bad*).
Tomorrow I will be hitting up the pazar. I usually go on Sundays, buy my produce and wash and prepare it for the upcoming week. However, I do not cook much during the week because I get home late. Then on the weekend, when I actually have time to cook, I run out out of fresh things to cook with before Sunday.* Our neighborhood pazar is open on Thursdays and Mondays, now that my day off falls on Thursday instead of Wednesday, I can take advantage of this. Another Yay!
This ward used to be a Labour ward until Adrian Andrew muscled his way in there for the Conservative Party in 2000, followed by Chris Towe and Mike Bird, who is the Tory leader on Walsall Council. The interesting question here is, what are the electorate planning to do? At the count tomorrow night that ward will definitely be one to watch.
Me: “How are you going to use it as waxing elements?”
You could also dress them up a little more by adding some pretty ribbon or tulle...but I figured my boys would be happier without the added decoration!
The table above and chart below show the number of Labour MPs, divided by the countries their constituencies are in. An MP is meant to be the voice of those that elect them inside Parliament. But given that the majority of those voices are from across the border how can ours ever
Complicated surgical procedures can benefit young dogs if hip dysplasia is detected early, but early surgery is possible in only a few cases and is quite expensive. Older dogs will sometimes benefit from a total hip replacement. This procedure, similar to the hip replacement that humans can undergo, is done only at veterinary schools or fully-equipped specialty hospitals.
Sorry Diana but I the more I look at the cover we created the more I dislike it. Hate is probably a strong word but I'm using it as the opposite of love at this point. I want to love my cover. I'm not currently posting it as I don't know how to shrink it down for an appropriate posting size. Budget is definitely a huge issue at this point as far as available cash or I'd see about hiring someone.
To be shooting at and threatenin’ with hell,
- 1.5 lbs bread flour
If you like nuts, oats, wheat flakes – don’t be scared – make a Muesli!
"It was not a pretty sight," Baker told me of the PACB meeting in general, "because when you look at the amount of indebtedness and the scope of projects approved, and how little care and discussion occurs, it raises a question as to whether there is any meaningful oversight."
That alone would have been a perfectly satisfactory conclusion to this episode... but there's a twist! There are actually TWO aliens hiding in the diner! The waiter working behind the counter removes his hat to reveal a third eye... he's from Venus!
“I will destroy the wisdom of the wise,
Families in shelters, Men living on the streets, kids stealing to make a quick dollar, Young girls attaching themselves to the wrong crowd and end up being a prostitute etc…etc..etc.. Where are all the people that LOVE one another?
Nelson Literary Agency? We hire an outside gun who has been doing reviews, audits, and lawsuits on royalty statements for 25 years.
President Rutherford B. Hayes sought direct federal aid to public education, and after leaving office in 1881 became what amounted to a socialist, pondering in his diary about “how to secure a more equal distribution of property among the people.” He crafted a plan that called for inheritance to be capped at $500,000. All inherited wealth over half a million dollars would be confiscated by the government to distribute to those less fortunate. GOP Presidents Garfield and Harrison also had liberal and progressive leanings.
Each project team employee member should have a resume to showcase their experience and allow the content to be dynamic enough to address the special needs of a project for a specific owner proposal submission. It’s also important to keep your content fresh on your website as it is often the first place an owner evaluates a contractor. Smart construction marketing blends all this with the lead and business development process. Rather than having marketing and business development silos, working in concert can produce a best practices result and Cosential CRM, offers just that. Making photos interactively connected to update proposals, bios, web pages, blog posts and other applications keeps everyone up-to-date and on the same page.
Sarawak Report has noted that another key Ta Ann campaigner, MP Simon Crean, is the brother of David Crean, Chairman of Hydro Tasmania. Hydro Tasmania is leading the construction of Murum and is chasing three of the next of Taib’s dam mega-projects. The company is also in charge of monitoring the Bakun Dam as it starts to produce electricity.
I spend a lovely quiet peaceful afternoon reading in the shade of the coconut trees with cocktail in hand , I just watched as Erle sail right up to the rocks at the end of the beach, and then have the embarrassment of being towed back by the man in-charge of the equipment. He enjoyed himself apart from being towed home by the man with the jetski! He tells me the wind caught him unawares as he raced along and didn't notice how close he was to the rocks.
More past papers came out and others were taken away for marking. This weeks lesson was all about eco-systems and their task was to complete a past paper, on time, about rubber plantations. You see you learn something new everyday if you apply yourself - exactly what that maybe you can't always tell before hand!
Brulee chuckled. “If you are saying so. But this is still a useful skill. Even applying the glow when you are only holding it is still something that is safer than the light of a campfire or of holding flames in your hand, and can also be easily brightened or dimmed. Sometimes there can even be a little residual glow if the spell is strong enough.”
We Own the Night – rainstorm ambush
No, no sappy updates or tearful reminicences. This is a straight-up report of my exhausting afternoon. After doing some light packing (because only Rants can make packing one-half of a duffle bag into a three-month ordeal), I felt nervous. Edgy. Like there was something not quite right. Sure enough, I went out back and cracked my first Coors and BAM! MOTHERFUCKER!, the yard needed mowed.
- Prizes must be claimed within 7 days once winner is announced
Honest and welcoming, such an embrace should not be ignored.
This film’s car chase sequence is, at least, twice the sequence of the first film’s. Mainly because it is the climactic action sequence of the film as Jason Bourne & Kirill turn the streets of Moscow into a demolition derby the likes of which you have never seen! The car crashes are violent and visceral, and anyone who has ever been in a car crash – like myself – will be able to seriously feel it. This car chase is beyond any I have ever seen put to film. What makes the action in the Bourne films so impactful is just how grounded in gritty reality they are unlike how extravagant and fantastical the James Bond franchise had once become. These films are very adult in manner and context.
Is your goal still correct? If not, then update or abandon your goal.
Once again, I will not push this on anybody as fact. I have taken note of the oddities and coincidences that have been occurring for me recently, especially since the first epic was penned several weeks ago. There is an energy afoot in the background of this mess humanity has created with their greed whose goal is to assist humanity to take this huge leap in evolution.
3 cloves of garlic – 2 minced, 1 sliced in half
And I finally got to knit up a Zauberball! It's a Crazy Zauberball. The pinks are much brighter in real life. They are so cosy and warm :) This is the first pair of 4 ply that I've finished for myself that fit. Lovely :) My Ravelry project page is here for yarn and pattern details.
There was the group of friends: old friends. Girls from high scool or college. Youth ministry or marching band. Camp staff or kindergarten. People who have long known me, who wrapped me in a gracious hug of knowing.
Republicans therefore are a lock or lead in 24 states for 206 electoral votes, and Democrats have or lead in 19 states for 247 electoral votes. That’s why seven super-swing states with 85 electors will determine which party gets to the magic number of 270 electoral votes: Colorado (9), Florida (29), Iowa (6), Nevada (6), New Hampshire (4), Ohio (18) and Virginia (13).
It is not only the price that is a problem however. The fact that many of these leases are so long means that once the time is up the tribes and families that had previously lived on the land will struggle to identify what is theirs. This in turn could lead to the company keeping control of the area for some time or worse, tribal disputes could break out.
We call for a Workers' Militia to accompany them in their investigation, so that they will suffer no interference, obstruction, or obfuscation by BP or any government body. The Workers' Commission of Inquiry should report to an international workers' tribunal, primarily made up of workers from the Gulf Coast states, as well as affected workers in other areas such as Mexico and the Caribbean, but also representing local fishermen and the unemployed. A workers' tribunal would establish culpability and bring charges, but also publish findings and assess true costs – including losses to the pension funds that invested in BP, representing the retirement dreams of many millions of workers.
200g sour cream
I LOVE the design concept - the muted side (with a glimmer of the rainbow) compared with the bright coloured side. It has sparked in my head a design idea for a 3 panel quilt, using a similar black/white, coloured design.
For the house I used the Cricut Cartridge Sweet Tooth Boxes
So ya, I guess you could say I really am "busy." Maybe.
We then get a flashback to Ah Jung and So Ran’s relationship of yesteryear and basically, Ah Jung was a messy woman only interested in her studies and her sunbae. She pined and studied with the hopes she would be with him in the end but after passing the second stage of her law exam, discovered that So Ran had stolen his heart instead. It’s all sad and stuff but back then, the sunbae didn’t look that great anyway or is it just me?
The Light in the Piazza (Guy Green, 1962)
I attended the New York ComicCon with "The Yancy Street Gang", that group of scallywags that includes my brother John, Barry Pearl and Michael Vassallo (AKA Doc V). We always have a delightful time, and this excursion was no exception. Aside from getting some tremendous bargains, I was able to speak to some wonderful talents, including meeting Timely artist Allen Bellman and revisiting old pros Jim Steranko, Joe Sinnott and Stan Goldberg. These are not only fine artists and storytellers, but entertaining and thoughtful gentleman. They all have wonderful stories to tell and enjoy talking to fans. The greatest compliment I can pay them is that my resepect for them has grown considerably after I met them in person.
There were lots of twists in this book, some that I was expected and some that I definitely wasn't! The ending completely shocked me.
But the most disappointing character is far and away Anthony Quinn’s Captain Vinolas, a surprisingly boring villain. We see him romancing a mistress and lighting candles asking God to help him slay Artiguez, but that’s it as far as his psychological troubles go. Zinnemann also fails to draw striking parallels between Vinolas and Artiguez. You’d think Quinn and Peck would have a lot in common, but the most Zinnemann can do is make them both out to be incredibly salty, lecherous men who can’t seem to resist checking out a fine woman’s ass.
she buries bones and digs them back up
"Sure. Hispanics are suing for discrimination. That sort'a thing. Could be next month or next year."
So the walk was nice. As was the party. Melissa is amazingly friendly and a bit kooky—exactly the kind of friend I’d expect Bennie to hook me up with. So that was fun. And I met and really enjoyed talking to an English artist, Charlotte Mann, who was there with her boyfriend, who was, as a guitarist, part of the night’s entertainment. (Another part of the entertainment was getting tattooed by a trannie, but I only saw that on my way out. Otherwise I’d have a badass American eagle on my forearm.)
I will probably make more videos, if I get positive feedback. :))
In the summer of 1952, an obscure event took place in London that would have a profound impact on the future of Orthodox Christianity in the English-speaking world. A seventeen year-old English lad walked through the doors of St. Philip’s Russian Orthodox Church on Buckingham Palace Road (the Church has long since been torn down). Today he is known as Metropolitan Kallistos Ware, one of the most important figures in the contemporary Orthodox world. His own worlds vividly recount his experience:
I stamped it on to Papermania printed paper (having slightly distressed the edges of the paper) and coloured it with Promarkers, which I also used to colour the Martha Stewart punched border, the sheer ribbon (just visible under the strip of lace), and the paper which I matted the image with. I love how you can use Promarkers to co-ordinate everything! And that's about it.
then what is the meaning of you…
I play a dancer who auditions with the main character, Peppy Miller. What was fun for me was watching the film’s plot chronicle Peppy’s career develop from a walk on part, to a featured role, to a supporting role, to the lead. And thinking about how my career is developing and I had that featured role part in THIS movie – it was a delightful glimpse into where my career is headed.
Frozen pizza. As much as I love making my own pizza dough, frozen pizza is simple and good. I've had all brands and I love them all- even generic. Most of the time, I buy a plain cheese frozen pizza and top it with fresh veggies and turkey pepperoni. It makes me feel less guilty.
The good side is that I know the airport inside-out (having worked there) and thus will decamp to the business lounge to steal free peanuts etc. whilst attempting to look 'posh' in a really cheap way.
People have been telling me to open an online store for years. The reality, I like thrift because it meets my family’s needs. So, I’m still on the fence about this but am willing to try. Piper once told me, “I like sitting on fences.” She meant that literally.
April 2, 2012
But I found it kind of sad.
Inspired by – The Hazards of Love by the Decemberists.
It’s best to water in the evening or early morning so that less water evaporates – and water around the roots not the foliage. It’s also better to water less frequently but more thoroughly to give plants a really good drink. If you only water a little bit, roots won’t be encouraged to grow lower down in the soil where they will find more moisture and as a result need less watering.
I suppose these types of rhetorical questions will always be in the back of my mind. And it is for some of these reasons that I started Generation Cake almost two years ago. This represents my 100th post and I feel I am no closer to understanding myself or the world. However, I am thankful that I have someplace where I can share my thoughts with people who might just feel the same way.
Anyway, when I was out of the dough, since the only thing I had in the kitchen was sourdough bread, I paired the bread with this dish. And out of sheer laziness of waiting for it to get toasted, I heated it in the microwave for a few seconds to warm it up. I kid you not (I love using this expression), but the microwaved sourdough bread tasted exactly as those kulchas and with the channa masala I was transported years back to my grandparents house in Jalandhar.
7018 Paris
The Fleer Focus set is a set that I collected a bit of back when it was new...and I really liked it! The box has plenty of neat cards, including:
There are lots of free and paid options for monitoring social media and some of them are quite complex, allowing for the semi-automated determination of a concept called sentiment.
Yesterday, the Justice Department announced it was shuffling Kenneth Melson, acting director of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, out of his job. The disclosure comes amid continued investigations into the administration’s fatally botched “gun sting” racket at the border and spreading outrage over legal obstructionism and whistleblower retaliation by Justice brass. The department’s inspector general is also conducting a probe.
Pixies Here comes your man US
And the trees.
International Master Planners, DEGW, have visited each of Otago’s campuses, and have met with interested parties ranging from University staff, students and executives to the City and Regional Councils to get the plan to this point.
I say 'loved' in the past tense because I am thinking back on 2011. Now that we have officially rung in the new year, I can honestly say that I had a great year in 2011.
Alex Salmond said The Economist would "rue the day" it published the front cover with a map distorting the names of every area in the country.
Editorial: France is now a country divided. A line of demarcation near the Loire Valley, about 80 miles south of Paris divides the country into the haves and the have nots. Either you've got it or you don't. Sunny weather, that is...
2tbs Caster sugar
Lay crackers in a foil-lined 8-inch square pan. Boil butter and sugars, stirring, 3 minutes; pour over the crackers. Bake at 375° for 5 minutes. Top with chocolate chips; bake 1 more minute, then spread the chocolate evenly. Sprinkle with chopped pecans. Chill, then cut into squares.
There, of all places, love. There, of all things, love. There, of all people, love.
When you say that computer takes those steps in decision making:
ADDITIONAL INFO
heart punched with MS punch
He grabbed his braces in his fists and, gasping for breath, danced round her once again. She span on her bottom, her legs swinging around the hay bale, laughing all the while, as Danny skipped round her. He stopped and lent forward, gasping, hands on his knees.
Movies that we watched back when we were a kid.
Eight weeks, yes, eight weeks have already passed since the first time me and the boy spoke. We were betting on buying each other a drink if he'd able to guess which country I'm from. He lost and I got a tequilla shot.
Today, ODB is starting their 5 days of their 2nd Anniversay celebration. The challenge today is to use cotton in your project. Cotton is a traditional gift for a second anniversary. For my card, I used a piece of cotton fabric as a curtain. I gathered it by sewing the top of the fabric first and sandwiched it between papers. My DP is from DCWV's sweet stack. My sentiment on the inside is by Hero Arts Birtday frames. I used a nestie for the tag and the window. I'll be sending this to my daughter-in-law for her birthday. She loves both pink and chocolate, so I think this card is appropriate for her! Here's hoping for a chance to win some beautiful ODB stamps!
I'm really enjoying reading blogs again and having time to explore new websites, spend a little bit more time on Twitter, read interesting articles... It really is amazing, this online world of ours, so full of inspiration and information. Of course what makes this possible is all the wonderful people who share their knowledge, all the artists and creative bloggers who are very generous with their own inspiration and processes. The Internet has only made this sharing easier, but could you imagine living in a world without it?
Life as always seems to have taken over – and the enjoyable things like spending time with friends and loved ones, going out for meals, reading and…. blogging often take a back seat.
Me: … (I couldn’t get a word in edgewise, and I can see where this is going) So, have you ever heard of white privilege?
Finally, in this post I want to talk about a novel that I read before it was published: The Light Between Oceans by M L Stedman. All I know is that the author is Australian, but no-one is telling us whether male or female. I don't like gimmicks but, that aside, this novel is outstanding. Briefly it tells of a crime, born of grief and desperation. In the years following the First World War, A lighthouse keeper and his wife are living on a remote island just off the coast of Australia poised between the Indian and Pacific Oceans, hence the novel's title. They, have just lost another still-born baby. When a boat is washed on shore containing a dead man and a living baby, they make the fateful decision to say nothing and keep the baby as their own. The truth is discovered but nothing is simple and the repercussions of this secret: who is to blame and who is protecting whom, haunt the novel. The reader is constantly torn between the needs and rights of the real mother and the usurper. It deserves to be a prizewinner: not because I say so but because it is superb in every way.
The University of Michigan-Flint several years ago denied a student’s request of foreign language credit for American Sign Language proficiency, but the school reversed its stance in the past year after about 14 months of debate. Students at Boston University are now able to apply American Sign Language credits in this manner, but for years some school officials were against the practice because they said it lacked the same elements of culture as other foreign language courses.
Black Polo - Next
I honor the sacred love that is coming to me now and accept it with an open heart, full of awe and gratitude.
Despite Barack’s having talked of drawing a circle around the tender in him—protecting the ability to feel innocence and springborn—I think he also fights against showing it to others, to me. I really like him more and more—he may worry about posturing and void inside but he is a brimming and integrated character.
I found this great recipe from another blogger Scissors & Spatulas. I don't normally drink Margarita's but this one was calling my name, and it's perfect for today's celebration; Cinco de mayo.
The city thrill wore off with the Metro, however. I’ve taken the Bart in San Francisco and the Subway in New York City before, but I had never taken it during a rush hour as I do every morning in Getxo and Bilbao. During a busy ride, I can smell every smoker’s breath and every body’s odor because we are so close to each other.
City of the...
with no effort.
"Do you want to get well?.....Get up! Pick up your mat and walk." John 5:6-8
Some common questions I get and my take on them:
SONG JY, PARK CW, JEONG HW, CHEONG HJ, KIM WJ, KIM SR. Effect of a hospital campaign for influenza vaccination of healthcare workers. Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol 2006; 27: 612-617.
That said, I am *so* glad I went because Real Steel was more than I imagined. (And no, it wasn't guns, explosions and blood and guts!) It's so much more than just an action movie. There's drama, comedy, action, suspense and love. The story is actually quite moving and powerful.
If you are a usual follower you may have already figured that out, but I just thought I'd make that confession. I am actually closer to a Mormon Empty Nester Blogger, but hey, I'm still a Mommy. I'm even part of a community called.......
As I’ve been somewhat busy with work and other things this week, twice the amount of the word count from the From Above short story will be posted next week; I am planning to work on it this Sunday.
1. Being known.
This is a great dystopian novel, and I did enjoy reading it, I just wanted more. The Hunger Games is geared towards young adult readers, and Collins handles them well. Despite the fact that the novel revolves around 24 teenagers fighting to the death, The Hunger Games is not full of gore. I think that most people would really enjoy this book. So, if you haven’t already, why not give it a go? And let me know what you think.
A povi mentallit-ee
6. Delphic - Doubt (4:06)
Our choices were expanded by The Boy inviting us to the gig he'd be performing at in Bristol. While intended for young people, we quite like the music he produces (Dubstep, in case you were interested) and he would put us on the guest list. So that's what we're going to do.
The CarbFix pilot program aims to resolve this problem by capturing carbon dioxide from the Hellisheiði Power Station, Iceland’s largest geothermal heat and energy facility and the second-largest in the world.
ANC youth league secretary-general said this ' Shoot the White people' song was 'not the song of the youth league'. The president of the co-ruling Cosatu-trade union movement, Sdumo Dlamini, said he 'rejected the song, it sounds like hate speech'.
For now, I just am going to have to rely on my CPs and a bunch of handy highlighters when I finish a manuscript so I can look at where I've gotten too backstory heavy and how I can trim and redistribute. However, when I can I will be trying to find ways to get history across in a scene/through dialogue. And for those of you who struggle with backstory and are RWA members, do check out the recent Romance Writers Report for an interesting article about how to cope with your oversharing habit.
My name is Miranda van den Bosch and I’m 47 years old. I have been drawing nearly all my life. At the age of 4 I was making drawings on a blackboard, but because my parents thought it was a pity that I had to erase all my drawings they got me paper and colour pencils. And I’ve never stopped drawing since. When I was little I used to draw portraits and Disney characters. After that I started to draw fairies and dragons. In time, I joined an art group and learned to draw nudes and still life portraits too. When I was in my 30ties I became interested in birds and started to draw them as well. And last year I published my first children’s book. It’s an ABC of birds and 26 birds tell you about birdlife in general. A good friend of mine wrote the text. About 2 years ago, I discovered card making and how I could use stamps with my colouring technique and style. I really enjoy colouring up all the cute images with watercolour or with regular colour pencils. Every week I discover new brands of stamps and I just decided to draw some digi stamps to see if other people liked them. A new world of being creative is opening up for me.
250g caster sugar
I didn't mean to buy these shorts. Actually I didn't mean to buy anything, but they were so sparkly and they fit perfectly and they had my size, so I kind of had to. I now have more shorts than any person living in England should, but oh well!
Why do so many people visit Queenstown every year? Consider this : snow-capped mountains, beautiful lake and Lord of the Ring! Who can resist? People come here because of the breathtaking scenery, ski opportunities and the countless heart-pumping activities in and around Queenstown. It is not only fun for the thrill seekers – families will be happy to know that children will love it here.
It has been a long time since I made a card now,
Because it wouldn't hurt for #2 Son to see his old man do some leading from the front. You do what you have to do to keep hearth and home whole, but now that I'll be home regularly it's time to set an example by actions. So he sees that if you want to do something, own it.
building like
But imports not only came from European countries where socialism had been imposed by pro-Stalin regimes. We also had programmes from Latin America and there's one from Brazil I remember very fondly. Its name was The Ranch of the Yellow Bird (I'm doing a literal translation). In Portuguese it was simple called Sitio do Picapau Amarelo.
I have my chemistry final in a couple of hours and I am in no way shape or form prepared. I haven’t studied at all, I’ve barely even looked at my notes, I glanced at them, acknowledged that I knew nothing, and then moved on with my life. I can complain all I want about how much this sucks but honestly, I asked for it. Never studied, barely paid attention in class. I was bored doesn’t seem like a good enough reason, but it is what it is. Thankfully I don’t need that many points in order to pass, but I easily could have done a lot better in the class. Not just chemistry, but in all my classes. I just didn’t really try hard, or at all. Just enough to pass. I only tried in one class, but I didn’t even have the knowledge needed for the hardest parts and so I couldn’t contribute much to my group.
it’s all amazing,
I always went through life questioning, picking apart every little thing I did. I needed reasons and evidence to support my decisions, I needed concrete proof, reassurance and confidence before I even considered going through with whatever it was.
Hooper Taliaferro works for the War Contracts Settlements Commission in Washington. He’s stuck at a boring garden party in Leopoldville in the Congo. He was sent to the small village of Cabinda to settle a multi-million dollar contract for mahogany that goes a few years back to WWII.
My art is in people. I like seeing them grow and I’m a believer of change and progress. Seeing through and being seen, that’s when I am most connected to the world, in my very sense of destiny. People when they bloom, for me is the most beautiful that art has ever known.
I serve this with flavored rice or mashed potatoes and a veggie. It's very versatile, so you can serve just about anything with it.
Now, let’s talk about that second point. What are we showing non-christians and our kids if we go around worrying all the time. Look, I know I am not perfect and there are times when I sincerely have to pray to God to take the worry from me. It may go something like this: ” God, I can’t handle this without you. You are going to have to take this problem and the worry that I know I am going to keep having and take it from me. I can’t even give it to you — just take it.” You know what? He has every time. I have all the faith in the universe in my Father in Heaven. And, amazingly enough, the more times I cry out to Him to take anxiety, pain and worry from me, He does. Don’t whatever your outward display of worry and what others see in it. It can be a big deal. Someone who doesn’t know Christ may wonder how you can get through tough situations without losing it when others can’t hold it together. I am not saying I don’t wear my emotions on my sleeve, but I am trying to get better.
The BBC crew has been in Cape Town for four weeks filming a documentary on the power of football to change people's lives - specifically disadvantaged youth.
falconry is a time machine
I have read, heard and thought extensively and sifted out the words of those with vested interests, those who are ignorant, foolish and egoistic.
Very CLOSE to the Robin’s nest… watching… waiting…
So we come to our final fruit of the Spirit – self control. Self-control is about a mastery over all tempers, appetites and passions. It is about being able to control the self! We all have sinful desires and we all have things that we struggle with, but self-control is about not giving in to them. It is about having the strength of will to say I will not do that. Both in the Bible and in the world today self-control is often mentioned in relation to drunkenness. I think as students this may be something that comes up often for you. There is rarely ever a night of the week when you can walk along the Bailey without being met by a stumbling drunken student who has had one, or usually quite a few, too many. For many of you, you will go to the pub relatively often, go on nights out quite a bit, sit at home drinking a fair amount. None of these things are wrong. But the Bible tells us that we must have self-control when it comes to drinking. We must not get bladdered every night. We should not be the one stumbling drunk along the Bailey or falling into traffic on the way up South Road. We ought not to be the rowdy ones disturbing neighbours and making a fool of ourselves. Self-control is about other things too. I don’t want to go into a long list of things that people may struggle with because I don’t think that would be helpful for any of us. We all know what our own weaknesses are. Maybe we drink too much, maybe we eat too much, maybe we can have a nasty temper, whatever it is, we must learn to have self-control. I have found that talking about my struggles with a close, trusted friend often helps me to practice self-control, not least because it is awful to have to tell someone else about your failings! I guess for me this works a little like the practice many of you will do of going to Confession. Methodists don’t have such a practice, yet many people see having an accountability partner as a good way to keep oneself in line. The list of fruits of the Spirit is closed by self-control just as the list of works of the flesh concludes with ‘drunkenness, carousing and things like these’. Paul tells us that those who are ‘led by the Spirit’, who ‘live by the Spirit’ and ‘by the Spirit also walk’ attain, in its perfection, the grace of complete self-control.
What I wanted to get out of this novel, was to be able to fully immerse myself into the mind and body of a hermaphrodite; I wanted to know exactly how it felt to be so different, to perhaps not belong to one sex or the other, to be forced into decisions that go against their very nature. In some respects, I got this, but just not quite enough. For the first one hundred pages or so, I really, really enjoyed this book. I was intrigued, captivated, horrified, amazed… I couldn’t help but feel for this small-town rural family who are confronted with something they have no idea how to deal with. But as the novel went on, I felt more and more distanced from Wayne. At first, I liked the fact that Winter gave you an insight into the characters around Wayne, rather than just Wayne himself. This is certainly an issue that involves a whole family rather than one individual. But I soon grew tired of the over-descriptive passages of Jacinta and Treadway’s lives, or Thomasina’s as she travels around the world from place to place. I didn’t care for any of it, and I wanted to get back to Wayne. Although some of the later passages are truly terrible to read, and unfortunately, involve events that you could see were inevitable, the book doesn’t quite redeem itself in the way I wanted it to. Put simply: I wanted less description, and more emotion. There are far too many metaphorical, philosophical ramblings for my liking, half of which I felt I was scanning over rather than really absorbing. Don’t get me wrong, I still believe Winter is a fantastic writer, and one I won’t hesitate in reading again, but I just can’t help but feel that this book could have been so much more. Many readers have commented on the disappointing ending, and I’m sad to say I agree with them too; it doesn’t have enough finality, and ends on yet another metaphorical line that doesn’t really leave you with a whole lot. And that’s not to mention that the character of Jacinta, who is such a prominent character in the beginning of the novel, seems to completely drop off the radar.
Have you seen the Kid History videos yet? We watched all of them a few nights ago as a family and all of us were busting a gut laughing. It is such a cute idea. I would love to be able to capture my kids telling a story and do something similar, maybe for a present for grandparents?
Once they have a large user base, Ghosn and Pouchot want to enhance the user experience and make sure Levo League feels just as intimate as it does now. They’ll offer more office hours, and they’ll host offline events, panels and meetups so the women can network with one another in person.
Fox News has become the first mainstream media outlet to admit that Ron Paul has won 5 states and has secured a spot at the Republic National Convention.
You have a lifetime to find out what you’re called to do, but why take a lifetime to discover it. Don’t be distracted or consumed with pairing yourself with that special someone. Can you fathom meeting the love your life operating in their purpose but you aren’t there yet because you are so consumed with love. Two people who are together and know what their purpose is will not a sense of self. They will be two complete people in love with each other.
handful of fresh cilantro
These are classic fruity oat biscuits but with an almost hidden secret: pecans. In all honesty, I’m not sure you’d know the biscuits contained pecans (I chopped mine quite small) but you’d know there was something extra as there is a rich roundness to the flavour that is an unusual, but most welcome, addition to an oat biscuit.
Sometimes doctors are forced to sacrifice important events to tend to their patients. They miss their kids’ soccer games, medical appointments, school meetings and social events. Sure, they chose their profession, but the demands and sacrifices are great. I never realized just how much they sacrifice for their patients until I interviewed the physicians for this book.
Diver scallops, with shaved black truffle
You know, ancient armies used to spread salt around to destroy the lands they conquered. To subjugate those who relied on said land and destroy them too. So the next time you wanna be ‘the salt of the Earth’, how ’bout you do it in a way that gives things a little flavor and makes it a little more enjoyable instead of spreading wholesale destruction?
My great feelings about S.F. are how the community is finally thinking about how the litter is going overboard. Also, I have noticed how more considerate people are now. I am glad and if we can do this every day, we can help the environment improve.
6. UN HOMME DE COULEUR LIBRE by Liv Rancourt
Scenario 2: Ambush!
Sounds a little different this time, doesn't it?
I knew a girl named Nikki
and lands on a fence post, close by
Before selling it though I decided a mini makeover was in order.
I finally managed to install The Sims 3 on my trusty new MacBook last night. One of the most entertaining things about the game, is creating the Sims that you later play with. Yes, I love playing the charaters of course, but half the fun is creating Sims and styling them later and all that girlie stuff. Well, it IS a girlie game afterall.
There is plenty on offer for the nymph fisher, and dry fly addicts can find trout eating the caddis off the top in certain zones even on 3 units or better of water, and we suspect, though it wasn’t on our dance card wet fly fishers and streamer chuckers can find fun as well.
The IPKat has a great deal of sympathy with the patentee in this case for a number of reasons but mainly because if the renewal fee deadline had fallen just a month and a half later, the new 'unintentional' test would have applied instead, and the application for restoration would almost certainly have been allowed. This case provides a good demonstration of why the law was changed, because the patentee clearly had every intention of keeping the patent in force, even though he seemed to be somewhat befuddled at the time. The unfortunate patentee was also not helped by the fact that the renewal fee deadlines were at the time out of sync with all the other countries in which he had patent protection. This has all now changed, now that renewal fee dates are due at the end of the month and the less strict unintentional test is applicable. This does not, unfortunately, help the poor patentee in this case.
Just like Iran warned the United States they cracked their drone technology, Iran also warned that the cracked the top-secret drone technology. Even though Iran made it clear they were able to crack the data encryption methods on the stealth drone they recovered by announced the flight plans on the drone revealed it was used to fly over Bin Laden’s compound two weeks before the assassination raid US military commanders were once again arrogant.
I lay in bed afterwards, unable to fall asleep easily. My mind drifted to the thought of a real fire in our home. I have to say - we're not at all prepared. Our passports, birth certificates and precious photos are not stored together. We have no fire extinguisher, no fire blanket and we haven't really spoken to the kids about what to do in an emergency. I'm embarrassed to admit that we don't have contents insurance.
Bubs has his/her head under the right side of my ribs, his/her feet under the left side of my ribs, and his/her spine curving down into my pelvis area.
We hope you can support the performance and there will even be the chance to participate and contribute towards the future of the piece!
Yet nothing in this lavish world is what it seems. With darkness looming and an entire kingdom depending on her untamed power, Alina will have to confront the secrets of the Grisha…and the secrets of her heart.
A little bit about me...
While there were rain showers off and on throughout the afternoon, they were never too heavy nor did they last for long. I would say there was more time without rain than with rain for sure, and it was rather pleasant anyway. It was a nice temperature; we were both hiking in short sleeves for most of the afternoon. You can tell by my poofy hair that it is super humid, though. :)
Lavrov continued to say, ” All those who have effect on the armed opposition powers should ask them to stop these sorts of acts,” pointing out that Russia exerted great efforts in this regard and met repeatedly with different Syrian protesters, wondering why do Gulf countries do that?”
Yes…sometimes things can be made fun of which shouldn’t be…sometimes things are just damn funny.
unsalted butter
Please check for the customer reviews and ratings of Chicago Latrobe 906 High-Speed Steel Aircraft Extension Drill Bit, Black Oxide Finish, Round Shank, 135 Degree Split Point, 15/32″ Size (Pack of 6) at the merchant’s website by visit the link below.
Even though Ramadan isn’t in December this year, I wanted to include this book because it introduces the meaning behind Ramadan and describes the customs and traditions that go along with it. Also, a brief summary is included at the end that explains the Five Pillars of Islam, the Qur’an and Eid-ul-Fitr. This book is a great teaching tool!7. Hurray for Three Kings Day!
"Hans-Peter Lindstrøm is back with what's technically only his second "proper" solo album, and it is a feisty one. The unpredictable Norwegian producer seems to be taking some cues here from his labelmates (and sometime-remix cronies), the prog pranksters Mungolian Jet Set; Six Cups of Rebel is chock-full of the kind of bizarre, cartoonish, sci-fi lunacy and cheekily maximalist, gonzo musical odysseys they've made their stock-in-trade. In particular, the album is animated by a virtual armada of goofy, muppet-like voices -- most or all of which are Lindstrøm's own, tweaked and twisted in ways even the Knife might find extreme. It's certainly recognizable as the work of the same artist -- his sense of pacing, patient and playful in equal measure, remains as masterful as ever -- and features a unified, suite-like structure, but this is a far cry from the understated elegance and monumental minimalism of 2008's Where You Go I Go Too. It doesn't start out that way, however. The album opens in relative stillness and solemnity, with a single, spiraling organ figure gradually augmented by swelling, skyward organs, until the sudden rug pull of "De Javu" launches into demento disco mode for the next 20-odd minutes. Here's where the loopy vocal phantasmagoria really holds sway -- from the bluesman yowling "I can't get no release" to a curmudgeonly fellow muttering "All I want is a quiet place to live" to a chorus line of scatting space creatures demanding "What kind of magik do you do?" -- interwoven into a string of strutting mutant dance jams. The less vocally oriented second side embarks on a slippery arpeggio-thon that meanders like a prog-tinted jam session, featuring improvisatory drumming and oblique quotes from "Here Comes the Sun." It passes through the twitchy, zapping acid-funk of the title track en route to the glittery, expansive synthesizer fantasia of "Hina," which comes full circle with a swooning, celestial susurration of voices. It's the first time we feel a satisfying sense of prolonged suspension. The album is in a near-constant state of masterfully sustained harmonic and rhythmic tension. Just when you thought it couldn't possibly last, that swirling organ line reappears like a devilish deus ex machina, and sends the whole thing circling around again." - AMG
Hoosier daddy? Is it Eugene Debs, or John Wooden? James Dean or Hoagy Carmichael? NABC unambiguously salutes all Hoosier daddies, wherever they are, whatever they do, and whomsoever they do it for, or to.
For there is nothing else in life (barring the immense world spiritual world of emanation in which Royals could well be mere gnats compared to the Djinn and Devas who even then in turn are below the cultivated among faithful, even as Earth is a grain of sand in the Universe, and such inaction is particularly unacceptable and incongruous to the noble spirit (and consideration to the subject citizens) that should typify royalty worldwide. How could any citizen be raised above another in this manner in the material world and with flawed laws? Spiritually untenable.
U.S. Department of Energy. (February, 1995). Environmental Management 1994: Progress and plans of the environmental management program. DOE/EM-0228. DOE, Washington, D.C. pp. 104.
Georgia Institute of Technology’s Center for Biologically Inspired Designs has been using the honeybee dance and information from the hive to create more efficient Internet hosting services that raised revenues by as much as 20 percent and decrease energy costs by 20 percent.
And then we have the actual volume of complaints.
Odemwingie (75)
I put the arts in this category. How can one adequately meausure the inspiration that causes singers to create love ballads or artists paint images never seen before?
For glaze: Combine 1/3 cup powdered sugar, root beer extract and milk. Whisk until combined. Drizzle over frosted cupcakes. Sprinkle with white sanding sugar to resemble the foam on the top of a root beer float.
Voters in Russia have never been taken seriously. Now that Putin has achieved "President For Life" status, there is no reason for the Kremlin to do more than give them lip service from now until the military machine rusts, the oil & gas wells give out, and the Russian ethnic demographic passes the point of no return.
SJ: I want you to tell me about this book.
This colorful children's book is engaging and fun to read! The rhyming and rhythm make it perfect for reading aloud, and the pictures are rich with detail. I enjoyed this one with my three-year-old grandson and he had lots of questions and even helped me read a couple of pages (repeating the rhymes after me).
I have worn these trousers so many times since then . They are so easy to dress up or down and perfect for changing temperatures.
I find pure forms of love and beauty in the Western culture,
You may hold your own opinion of the aforementioned reality cooking shows, and I reserve the right to my opinion. Should it differ to yours, we can agree to hold a civilised discussion on the matter without hurt feelings on either side. I would not inflict bodily injury to put across my point of view.
"Fill this out and wait."
It was, in her opinion, a fascinating read. The people of Azeroth had a relationship much like her people did, across many races. It shouldn’t have surprised her, really. There were many followers of the Light that they had met briefly during their travels. But the pink-skinned humans and dwarves had learned to command the Light with as much finesse as many of her brethren, and with very similar ideologies as their own. Their Night Elf allies also worshipped the Light, and even with their different stance on it’s source, also controlled it well.
I have built a social media brand. I know what it takes. I know how useless most social media bullshit is and how hard the people work who do it right.
So three things to remember from this blog post: Queen Kat Design has new releases, which includes this gorgeous Unicorn image; I am giving away Blog Candy to everyone who "goes green" and links a photo of their project in the comment section below; and there are a million uses for paint chips, as well as other items you may have thought of as trash.
We can report that at the Brooklyn Bridge (Brooklyn side), the TV trucks have turned off their motors as absolutely nothing is happening.
Okay, I'm a bit impatient. But, dude, the guy invited me to see his show and maybe get dinner first. This is the last weekend of his show. Tomorrow night is the last night it is playing. Like, WTF? I swear, this smacks of the Dude, inviting me to see Red Riding Hood, then disappearing. But there, there was warning, a fair amount of false starts and misunderstandings and communication about him being on the rebound, etc. Here there was "missing you for days" on Sunday, then silence.
You will not believe the amazing sponsors for this hop. I am truly amazed at the generosity among the crafting community. This hop is being sponsored by 37 amazing sponsors. I will be filling 12 stockings with crafting goodies and giving one away for each day of the hop. There will be gift certificates to numerous different shops on the internet being given away for paper piecing patterns, digital images, and merchandise. Be sure to remember to stop by between December 12th and December 23rd because this is going to be an amazing hop.
Not much to blog just now... reading (finished Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie's "Half of a Yellow Sun" - it was brilliant), writing (a long, very weird poem that no-one will ever want to read most likely - not so brilliant...), rejigging my old online poems (here) and videos (here) so I don't have to nag tech support for help when they need changing, doing family stuff, home stuff. I did go to a poetry magazine launch yesterday (shock, horror!) but I'll write more about that when I can link to the new issue on their website (should be soon).
Secretary-general Ban Ki-moon waves before flying out of N'djamena, Chad. United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said Monday that millions of girls -- teenagers and younger -- need access to abortion and contraceptives in order to “avoid unintended pregnancies, unsafe abortions and sexually transmitted infections.” “Sixteen million adolescent girls become mothers every year, and every day, more than 2,000 young people contract HIV,” Ban said. “We have a collective responsibility to drive these numbers down.”
So I celebrated with, probably too much food, but I wanted it:
While driving on his way to Flossmoor to see his father, William's car skids on an icy road and accidentally kills a woman named Mrs. Verne Conroy. When he tells the police he has no insurance, the cop sneers, "You're in deep." They find 20 unpaid parking tickets in his glove compartment and, on the backseat, a copy of Victor Serge's Memoirs of a Revolutionary.
But don't.
Issue Four:
In a small bowl add the creme fraiche, grainy mustard, lemon and minced garlic. Stir and season with salt and pepper. Drizzle the sauce over the chicken and bake for 10-15 minutes or until the chicken is cooked through and the vegetables are just tender. Serve immediately. Enjoy!
Butter, 1 tablespoon
On this the first day of the year, it is not a bad thing to look back... all the good times, the lesser times, be realistic about life, that is how it is, sunshine and rain, blue skies and heavy clouds, pondering the New year ahead, believing that it is going to be NOTHING but blue skies, a blank canvas that we can still fill with all our dreams and wishes.
I find they are quite handy
almost vintage, a postcard from someone’s past –
But his stubbornness in his transfer policy, wage structure, tactics and loyalty to sub-standard players will unfortunately be his downfall and be the reason that, under his helm, we will not win another title.
Broadcast: The Shadow Line
are most precarious,
“Sir you’d better buckle up there’s some turbulence ahead:
There will be none of that +1 for following or retweeting nonsense, but I would be ever so much obliged if you would consider adding the little book in question to your goodreads shelf, because I am a goodreads whore and sometimes you need little things to make you happy.
The Singapore government might have generously supported his secondary and college education, but that still doesn’t stop Liu Yuchen, an ex-MOE PRC scholar from leaving Singapore eventually to pursue his university education elsewhere.
"In my judgment the scope of any injunction under section 97A(2) should extend no further than that to which I have already concluded the claimants are entitled, namely an injunction to restrain the defendant from infringing the claimants' copyrights in relation to their repertoire of films" (para. 135). NewsBin 2
The ANC government wants to nail the lid on the coffin of farm murders once and for all, because many organisations, including Genocide Watch, have placed the blame squarely on savage racist blacks. 48 European parliamentary members from 19 member states representing 7 different political formations have also condemned these attacks and murders.
Hoo boy.
Grass grows tall
Spiderman in the Flesh – The Rebel
TL;DR - Decent revenge story with Mark Wahlberg acting like Mark Wahlberg and fighting dudes - 6/10
XMRV was detected in 3.2% of the patients when we nitially used 100–140 ng of prostate tissue DNA, compared with 22.2% of the patients when we used 650 ng.
Queen Anne may seem to be looking thoughtfully across at this Victorian drinking fountain, complete with its jug-bearing maiden. It was erected in 1882 in memory of one of Kingston’s more prominent citizens the story of whose service to his town came to an unusual and abrupt end. Let the dedicatory panel tell the tale:
What’s going on here, I wondered. I didn’t know that ravens ate humans; especially five feet something humans. And why was this other guy attacking the ravens as if he were defending me? Whatever the reason was for this intervening attack it all worked out to my advantage. As the rescuer completed his one or two circles around the summit circle he took off southward towards the peaks of the Three Sisters. I got a good look at him while he was circling. He was white, predominantly so, white like a dove. His wings were outlined in blue trim. Indeed, his entire body looked like it was outlined in blue trim. He was a very nice looking bird, smaller and more muscular looking than the ravens. He also wore a blue mask across his eyes. He had what looked like a mask of blue that stretched out sideways covering both eyes and passing to where the ears would be. Almost like the Lone Ranger, I thought. But what kind of bird is white, wearing a blue mask with blue trim around his wings and had talons like an eagle? It was a mystery to this city boy. I decided to hold the thought till I returned home to town and would ask Brad to identify the species to me. Brad was in the forestry program at Oregon State U and he knew everything about these forests and woods. Onwards to my perch I walked.
Well, Crabby is back this year, and since he is giving a limited time appearance, I decided to let him present my characters this month. He has some opinions, some insights, and some hats…
“Don’t eat anything your great-great-grandmother wouldn’t recognize as food.”
On Monday 12 September, a formal complaint by JPSA was drafted and sent to National Traffic Police Chief, David Tembe, CEO of the RTMC, Collins Letsoalo, Senior Executive Manager of the RTMC, Ashref Ismail, Acting Registrar of the RTIA, Japh Chuwe and Advocate Poopedi of the ICD. The complaint was also copied to spokesman for the Minister and Department of Transport, Logan Maistry as well as to Captain Mbada at SAPS Gauteng Commander, General Petros’ office.
Sponged the inks around the floral image, just to cover the image....
Have a wonderful International Women's Day!
All the flower leaves and centers are inked using variety of TH distressing inks. The leaves were secured using hot glue. I wrapped the stem with green and brown ribbon from my stash to hide the green dowels.
Back to today. I kind of knew going into the run that it might already be too warm, but I wanted to try it. The nice thing about running is that I can stop if it gets too warm. I guess that’s the nice thing about anything, actually. But whatever. So I made it through my run, but it’s been decided. I reactivated the vest last night after the failed Budo class. It’s going in the fridge after it dries, and I’ll wear it to run the next time. If it’s still not enough, then next time it will go into the freezer, which ought to do the trick, but I’m saving that move for a last resort (or July/August weather).
Remember, O most gracious Virgin Mary,
Xcuse – All Right (Shiftee Remix)
Beyond Time
British Red Cross chief executive Sir Nick Young said Khalil first worked overseas for the Red Cross in 1981 in Kenya, where he distributed food and helped improve the health of people affected by severe drought.
But as excited as I am to think about my upcoming diet and exercise adventure, I still have to focus on finals. I took my first one, for my Journalism class, and finished and turned in the final project for that class, which was laying out a front page for a newspaper. I still have a second one tonight at 5, for my Native American cultures class, and I have to finish writing the last paper that I have to turn in for that class. Adios for now!
Select 'Page Scaling' to 'None' (or to 100% - dependant upon your PDF reading software).
I theorize that authors can create such great secondary characters because they know and love similar animals. They can fondly recall the antics of a puppy or kitten and translate their feelings for the pet into wonderful words of description. Plus they can’t take shortcuts and tell us the animal’s thoughts and feelings, they must show the animals body language and actions to get across emotions and grab our hearts.
14. Revolution Jennifer Donnelly
EDIT: This is one of the most popular articles on this site, so I really hate to have to say it but this method doesn’t work very well anymore, and that’s because Asterisk’s support of Google Voice, in a word, SUCKS (that is just my opinion, of course, but feel free to try it if you don’t believe me). Google Voice changed some things, and it sure appears as if Digium hasn’t even tried to keep up with the changes. Obihai devices, FreeSWITCH, and YATE all seem to have fewer or no issues communicating with Google Voice, while in Asterisk it’s a crap shoot whether you will receive incoming Google Voce calls (for the moment, outgoing calls still seem to work, though there is a rather long delay before the call connects through).
Do some outside organizing and yard work so you can be accomplishing something but also enjoying the nice weather at the same time.
Evening
GC: What did you do to prepare for your role as Robert Rodes?
Short track speedskaters who will be there:
Turned out, for the most part the perspective stayed fairly similar. I guess because I was looking across from the train all the time. But it was good to know I could have gone wild with the perspective had I wanted to! ;o)
A Kansas man who was preparing for the end of the world by making and storing grenades was sentenced this week to 21 months in federal prison.
Listening gives you the secret sauce. Hear their objections and take advantage of the opportunity to meet and dispel their pre-conceived notions.
A few questions.
Until it suits you, one fine day,
It is the smaller version.
Encouraging Words
Big Idea: Echoing Green offers grants to social entrepreneurs and changemakers — it’s referred to as “impact investing.”
According to an article in the Afrikaans Rapport newspaper, dated 7 Aug 2011, AfriForum has ordered 1000 copies of the English version which they intend distributing to embassies, international media outlets, the United Nations, and other international organizations. In the light of this I presume that an English version of the book is available, but don’t ask me what it’s called! Best is to contact Kraal Uitgewers.
This difference can be viewed quantitatively also. "She's Come Undone" garnered 9 little yellow post-its from me, while the slightly less recent selection, "The Book of Ruth", acquired 19 - some back-to-back on the same leaf.
drawn no lines: as manifold events of sand
Location: Poland
Finally, at 11:40am, I woke back up, and felt almost human. I got my 3 little kids ready and headed out the the park (free lunch Wednesday). We missed the lunch, but found our friends. And we did get sent home with all the left over watermelon. Yummy! I was moving pretty slow, but the headache and pukey feeling was gone. I just felt weak.
...that, and the fact that it is almost blind. There are no rules protecting this little fella from being picked on. Not even for his blindness. Mother nature is a cruel duchess and no mistake. Much like the class room.
I had this plan
It's spring time at Marianne Diva's and I have chosen spring colours with a vintage feel. The March release is a definite favourite release, I love the Anja dies, the vintage papers, the craftable envelope, oh my god a definite favourite, fabulous vintage pictures to mention just a few.
Therefore, finding an earthly spouse will not occur through demanding God to miraculously bring someone to your doorstep. Marriage is not a predetermined process that happens mysteriously. You will get frustrated if you believe that God mystically pairs people together. If God predetermines marriage, then why doesn’t He stop divorce? Instead, God lets us make the decision to love or the decision to leave.
Whatever they suggest as replacememt will cost money and to rely on wind power when climate change "will" happen according to them seems like a futile suggestion as the wind is not always blowing daily at the same place nor the same strength. Sounds like a iffy set-up … now you have … now you don’t.
I wondered why the baseball was getting bigger. Then it hit me!
I did mention I am not good at keeping this up. I think about it occasionally I even write some amazing posts in my head, but in reality it isn't happening. So here goes another try.... I am attempting yet again to be a blogger! No it's not a New Year's resolution I am doing if so I probably would not have made it this far. It's just me trying to be a better me. So here it is again....
And horrors, gasp, I feel myself craving to go back.
Retro Cafe Art Galley is the generous sponsor throughout this month at Gingersnap Creations. You know if you read my posts, that they carry awesome collage sheets and images in a variety of formats, fun altered art supplies, fabulous vintage finds and more. They are also offering prizes to one randomly drawn winner from the qualifying participants for this challenge. Also please do come back to Gingersnap Creations to vote for the 10 Ginger Gems for this challenge.
sosososorry mom, forgive me mom
then we brushed the dirt off our bodies and snuck away during naptime to go get pedicures together.
When asked, 99% of people would agree with the following statement: "Lasagna is my favorite food. It is the thing I like to eat on my birthday." Why? The answer is simple: layers of carbs draped in toothy tomato sauce with your choice of fillings in between. Its like eating several pizzas in every bite. (And who doesn't like that?)
Read some of my Outlander book.
It gives you a good boost of energy. Instead of drinking a cup of coffee each morning have one or two apples.
WVJJO Blog (wvjjoblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
this is the resulting first skein of yarn I have ever made. So exciting
Angela was in India recently to attend the annual conference of the International Foundation of Fashion Technology Institutes (IFFTI) hosted in Jaipur by Pearl Academy of Fashion. Creative Director of Missoni’s women’s collections and co-owner of the company, Angela belongs to the second generation of the family that set up what’s probably Italy’s oldest fashion house. Missoni was set up in 1953 by her parents Ottavio and Rosita. There are a few companies that are older — Prada for instance — but as Angela points out, no one in Italy has exclusively, continuously, been in the realm of clothing for as long as Missoni, that too while maintaining the company as a complete family-run business. (While Angela heads women’s wear, brothers Vittorio and Luca are in charge of marketing and knitwear research respectively, besides being co-owners in the company.)
Soren Legal
I haven’t been too involved in SAA at a section/roundtable level, but have found the SAA educational opportunities and webinars pretty beneficial. I’d say the best way to get involved to understand how well “communication” works is to volunteer with your host committee for the SAA conferences. It is alot of work and provides the opportunity to collaborate with area institutions.
Richard Hague
It’s the end of the line for James Dashner‘s The Maze Runner trilogy, too. A tour has been announced and a trailer has finally (!) been released. Enjoy!
That would be an incredibly tricky thing to write, and I’m impressed you managed to do it so well. ;c) Which scene of STRANGE PACKAGING would you most like to experience for yourself? From whose POV?
*How long did it take you from initial inspiration to finally achieving publication of Blood Ties?
We can’t be so fixated on our desire to preserve the rights of ordinary Americans.”- Bill Clinton, USA Today on 3/11/93, page 2a
Satisfaction, The Rolling Stones
This was a moment of disappointment, and hurt, and anger, and feeling cheated, all over again. What the hell was I thinking? His statement-validity hardly lasts too long, and I'm running into what I already know was a wall, except that this time I was hoping it was a styrofoam wall this time. So what? If we actually did get back together and he proposed because he thought he was ready, he might actually change his mind months into the proposal? This was scary shit.
If those ancient architects and astronomers designed the stone structures in a manner that would create confusion later, then they definitely succeeded in their goals! Perhaps one of the logical explanations why they did this was to conceal their involvement in mass human incarceration and slavery, but I suppose there could also be other reasons.
I know updates have been kind of sparse lately, there will be more next week, including my first ever review and giveaway (OMG I KNOW RIGHT). There might even be a recipe or two. The reason things have been crazy is that I've been (a) working on my zine/cookbook/thingymabob and (b) getting ready to move! That's right, I'm moving to Oakland, into a superfantastic new place that I know the kitties and I are going to love. Wish me luck and I'll be back soon.
2.) I will never be leaving the house once the twins arrive. They only make one kind of double stroller with a sit and stand for Megan. It is almost $500 & doesn't fit in the back of a mini van. How the heck that is supposed to do me any good I don't know.
I loved the Dondi character. He was so fabulous and so much fun to create. But he really was “too much” for Thomas to handle. Dondi is kind of the Suzanne Sugarbaker of young gay men. His appearance in Thomas-Edward’s life was pivotal and he introduced him into that “looking glass world where everything was familiar yet larger, more exquisite, more precious than anything he’d ever known,” but he wasn’t quite right, he wasn’t THE ONE. But he values Thomas-Edward above all others and even at age 19 he knows Thomas will always be in his life. And he prepares Thomas-Edward for the love of his life, introduces them in fact.
~J.
(The federal General Services Administration, or GSA, has leased space at Ten MetroTech, with an entrance on Fulton Street, and is still marketing it to sublease. GSA spokeswoman Renee Miscione told me last May that the agency, which has leased space since the early 1990s from Forest City Ratner, now leases under 150,000 square feet. Scroll down for photo that shows that Community Benefits Agreement signatory Brooklyn United for Innovative Local Development, or BUILD, has moved from FCR-provided free space on Pacific Street in the AY footprint to free space in the ground-floor of Ten MetroTech.)
Of course having the Big Man on this track, ia a very precious bonus.
There's someone in this crazy world
“Mother!” Anbar, dressed in petal-pink and sky-blue tunic and trousers, turned to gaze at Saleema, who'd stopped brushing her hair. (. . .)
This is a great topic for astro101 classes. We can talk about reality compared to hollywood, about big numbers, big space, and how long odds can act up over long period of time. Two new articles add to the debate.
Dictionaries seem ubiquitous now. You simply have to start typing and whatever program you happen to be in will suggest a spelling correction. Or if you are in an ereader program, simply tap and hold a word and the meaning of that word will appear. These digital dictionaries makes us all into English majors. But sometimes, you are not reading on your nifty Kindle nor are you browsing on the internet and you just want to look up a word real quick. What to do?
I owe my soul to the company store
My Master, Country Spanker, punished me quite severely, but if I'm honest with you, I don't think the punishment fitted the crime, I definitely deserved an awful lot more.
Please join in with the fun & maybe you will be our first Monthly Challenge Winner & wear the badge.
I used the labels seventeen dies again to make the tag where I will write a greeting. I have used 1934 for the largest, 1925 for the middle and ordinary white cardstock for the smallest. I have stamped it with a Tim Holtz stamp using Distress Ink Iced Spruce.
I suppose you're bound to be naturally ebullient if you're the driver of an excavator on a barge. I would definitely be happy if I got to operate an excavator, and particularly so if said excavator was, as has been mentioned, on a barge.
25 to the university, I said
Whitney and I had our gym boyfriends. They were very cute, not at cute as TJ, but pretty cute. One day we decided to try a new exercise. A piece of advice: never try a new exercise in front of your gym boyfriend, you will fail and look stupid. We had been doing calf presses on the back of a step so the next logical move would be the seated calf press with added weight.
We then can move onto the college years. Julia can feel better because of the cut in federal loan interest rates. They of course were not offset by any cuts in other places in the budget, but hey that is only a problem when republicans have tax cuts. No biggie, because the student loan debacle isn't another bubble waiting to burst. The experts on that are all wrong.
In the weeks of my absence I have painted one-half of the inside of our home. As well as, almost have my five minute rule in place. That being.. any room.closet.space could be a complete mess (totally destroyed) and it only require a five minute pickup. The amount of stuff hauled out, has been crazy. But crazy good.!!
I remember my first Christmas adventure with Grandma. I was just a kid. I remember tearing across town on my bike to visit her on the day my big sister dropped the bomb: "There is no Santa Claus," she jeered. "Even dummies know that!"
A: I love this question because there is always one that is your utmost favorite. For me it is VM062. I am a true romantic so a large full blown rose print will always make my heart sing. The straw colorway just captured those October California sunsets I love so much!
challenging myself this fall when we take a 10-day trip to Italy with only a carry-on. My husband and I will have the smaller
World one: the one I posted about last time. I'm keeping it together. I'm baking again. I'm running. I'm parenting. I'm lucky lucky lucky lucky lucky. I have two amazing toddlers who challenge me and light up my world in new ways each and every day. I have Mother's Day to celebrate as a mother, not a 'wanting to be a mother' not a 'kind of a mother but my kids are not with me they are on the other side of the world' mother like last year, but an actual in the trenches day to day mother. I am lucky. I am happy. We hang out, we play, we read, we swim, the hubs and I get to go to the river, we go trail running, we go to work, I see patients, I earn money, I come home to a home I love, we eat delicious food, I live my life. I love my life.
The library in the basement is a joke with nobody in there. The cafeteria had litter everywhere with bottles and bags thrown around. Nearly all the students were in the "snack line" rather than the nutritious food line, but nobody says anything because the school keeps part of the profits from the snacks. The money goes into a principal's discretionary budget which Henry says comes to about $25,000. She admitted to Eamon that no one audits the money.
We men are sensitive to unspoken words (as well as unguarded spoken ones), you know:)
Even where a claim was properly served within the jurisdiction, the court might decline to exercise its jurisdiction and grant a stay of the proceedings on the ground of forum non conveniens. However, it was for the defendant who sought to stay a claim to shift the burden of showing that an alternative forum was more appropriate, having regard to the interests of justice and of the parties themselves.
However, for many, such as myself, the sea is only thirty miles away, and in summer, we make the most of it by visiting the local beaches.
in their lives, too, I have pride.
We are all well at this time but Littleton Horn he has been verry sick for several days I am as well as comon myself you said you wanted to know how I was off for meat I have plenty to do me I killed 2 hogs verry good ones the 24th of this month and it is a plenty to do me I have all the cattle that you left here and they are in verry good fix
There was no scene yesterday. No police were called, no dogs loosed. He was still grabbing things when I got home, however he did leave. He supposedly has a storage unit and is sleeping in his car in a travel lodge parking lot- with permission. I spotted the car on the way to work this morning- understandable in a town that has only 1300 people. His car, that white little two door, stands out. That, and I can spot it a mile away because it’s so famliar.
"All these experiments, says Kautsky, irrefutably prove that it is quite possible for workers to carry on large-scale modern farming collectively, but that for this possibility to become a reality "a number of definite economic, political, and intellectual conditions" are necessary. The transition of the small producer (both artisan and peasant) to collective production is hindered by the extremely low development of solidarity and discipline, the isolation, and the "property-owner fanaticism," noted not only among West-European peasants, but, let us add, also among the Russian "commune" peasants (recall A. N. Engelhardt and G. Uspensky). Kautsky categorically declares, "it is absurd to expect that the peasant in modern society will go over to communal production" (S. 129).”
Anyway, if you follow my blog and we haven't already met, please do introduce yourself if you see me wandering around - unless I'm in the middle of one of my guided tours of course, but if you read this blog you're clearly smart enough to know that anyway : )
"The Christian who walks with the Lord and keeps constant communion with Him will see many reason for rejoicing and thanksgiving all day long." -- Warren Wiersbe
Here's another project I've been working on for quite some time. It's a framed piece using the technique of paper tole. I used to do heaps of paper toling way back before my serious scrapbooking days.
There are three dams on the middle and south forks of the Boise River…Lucky Peak, Arrowrock, and Anderson Ranch…and the reservoirs they create stretch for miles back into the mountains. Below is a photo of Arrowrock dam with spring flows already being released due to the early snow melt. Note the sparse snow cover on the mountains back behind.
So expect to see photos of me eating these things in the coming weeks. They’re perfect for carrying around since they’re individually wrapped and super cheap (these are about 1-Euro each with the current exchange rate… YES).
Though I certainly find them to be most obnoxious when they team up against me. Especially when they do it rather suddenly.
Kurt Xxxxxxxxx
“He goes golfing instead of spending time with the children”.
President Obama outlined steps to move our country forward via innovation, investment in education, rebuilding America and controlling spending.
I have promised a tutorial on what we did in this room. The flooring tute will be tomorrow, so I thought I’d do the painting process today. And, boy, what a process is was!
One, I greatly admire the work that people like Martyn Cornell and Ron Pattinson do. I know from great experience myself that it's not exactly easy, fun or rewarding to trawl through historical documents in search of the truth. It's much easier to simply cite what some bloke said in a book eighty years ago without checking where he got it from. Standards of beer scholarship are improving, and people like Martyn and Ron are playing a significant role in this.
We hope our boys have a trip of a lifetime that they'll never forget!
Dr. Lewis and Dr. Lewis (I know right… how awesome that we had two Dr. Lewis’ delivering our twins… is that the right plural form – Lewis’, maybe Lewi…anyway), you pulled off an amazing delivery, even flipping the second baby in utero so we could avoid a C-section. Erin doesn’t remember so much about it, since she was freaking out about her epidural not working, but I remember everything. You were both amazing! You changed things. Thank you!
Crony capitalism–in its full-blown version, national socialism–is always and everywhere a failure. You cannot create wealth by subsidizing the inefficient production of energy–a fundamental rule of economics that the Obama administration, sadly, has yet to learn.
I had originally planned to do a post on how unusually quiet May Day was yesterday. Europe, in particular, is usually awash in riots on May Day, but it seemed almost preternaturally quiet. I thought it might have something to do with the residual comraderie from the royal wedding, but now, in retrospect, it's almost like it was the calm before the storm.
I grab my pen and they realize that they just EARNED a ticket. While flipping open my notepad so coolly, I drop my pen. SHIT. I look down and that pen just kept on tumbling under the vehicle. I ask the driver to put his hands on the steering wheel. He yells no I’m not and crosses his arms. I yell PUT YOUR HANDS ON THE STEERING WHEEL. He slams his hands on the wheel and he wants to know why. I tell him I dropped my pen and I need to retrieve it. He yells why do I have to keep my hands here. I yell back because I don’t want you to hit me with your car door or pull a weapon out. He starts I’m the Ex-fire chief I’m the so and so. I yell shut your month and keep your hands up there. I grab my pen and bounce back scanning to make sure nothing had changed. TEXT BOOK Po-Po 101. I get my info and go back to the car print off the ticket and return back to his car. I tell him he is going to be receiving a citation for running the stop sign. He starts flipping out. He is requesting all my info and his wife is still running her mouth. I’m ignoring her and informing him that all my info in on the citation. “Well I want it anyway” he replies. I tell him everything he requests. He is jotting this down as fast and hard as he can on the citation. I mean everything. He finally signs the citation requests my Sgt’s name. I tell him and he advises me that he will be going to the station shortly. I inquired if he needed directions. He just looked at me. I ask for my pen and my copy of the citation. He gives it back and pulls away. Funny part is that everything he wrote down was on my copy. He speeds off.
Roy: Wait a minute. You got a second centerman on this team?
It was 1979 when a Harvard Business School’s professor Michael E. Porter developed Porter’s five forces analysis framework for industry analysis and business strategy development.
“The Name of Mother”
The policeman was charged with corruption and defeating the ends of justice. He was expected to appear in the Acornhoek Magistrate’s Court soon. – Sapa
Ahead of him was another white painted door. He guessed there was one more room between where he stood and the garden, but he didn’t know if she could see him from out there. If there were patio doors he’d be sunk, well and truly framed. Perhaps he should turn back, or maybe try upstairs. But once he was up there, it would be really tricky if she came back in, no quick unnoticed escape possible then. He trod softly across the laminate floor, pushed tentatively at the door. It swung back to reveal a big kitchen, a tall fridge-freezer right in front of him, two square windows in the wall to one side, a bog-standard back door to the right. There was no way she’d see him here, not unless she came back indoors.
In our sexually dimorphic society, the above categories of individuals not clearly identifiable as male or female present awkward issues for the affected individuals, parents, healthcare practitioners, and society. One consequence is a hesitancy to report such occurrences, making it difficult to ascertain the frequency with which these conditions occur. Estimates are that instances of all persons with the varying identities within the category of intersexuality represent 0.06%-1.7% of our communities.
Professor : Yes, faith. And that is the problem that science has.
Wondering what stamp that coffee cup is? I'll let you in on a secret -- thats not a stamp! My Cameo drew that sketch from the Silhouette store :) I used the Chomas Creations adjustable marker holder and fitted it with a black gel pen to draw this on GP110 paper. Sponged the edges with some frayed burlap distress ink and layered it on brown cardstock to give the vintage look.
Today I was again excited by studying Mark 14, this time reading the cross-references, commentaries and study notes on Blue Letter Bible. This Bible study website is endorsed by my church, so I trust most of the materials available there are pretty theologically sound. Reading those study helps not only taught me a few fun facts, but also gave me further insights into how Mark 14:12-16 can apply to our lives today.
Krishnamurti: When we use the word “prayer”, I think we use it with a very definite meaning. As it is generally understood, it means praying to someone outside of ourselves to give us strength, understanding, and so on. That is, we are looking for help from an external source. When you are suffering and you look to another to relieve you from that suffering, you are but creating in your mind, and therefore in your action, incompleteness, duality. So from my point of view, prayer, as it is commonly understood, has no value. You may forget your suffering in your prayer, but you have not understood the cause of suffering. You have merely lost yourself in prayer; you have suggested to yourself certain modes of living. So prayer in the ordinary sense of the word, that is, looking to another for relief from suffering, has to me no value.
So, can we control our luck? Lots of people think so – or at least that we can control it a bit. I blogged here about an amazing experiment that seems to prove this. Basically, the more opportunities you take, the more likely you are to be lucky and successful – so, do apply for that course, join that team or club, sign up for a new experience, read that book: you just never know where it will lead. You may not be able to control luck but you can open your life to its opportunities.
Although Mbeki's willingness to give up the reins without a fight suggests an orderly transition of power, a number of ministers have threatened to resign rather than serve in a Zuma-controlled government.
Writes: Women's Historical Faith Based Fiction
5. Remember, never fry the fish before smoking it like they do on MasterChef , nothing is worse than this as the smokey flavour does not permeate through the fish.
Let me know your thoughts :)﻿
Mungo's Hi Fi ft Mikey Murka - Old Time Dance
drowned in forests
Good morning to you all! This is Karen and I am going to share something with you. As I am sure you have all noticed, handmaking flowers has taken the scrapbooking world by storm. So guess what!?....I put together a tutorial that will show you how to make a flower out of fabric in just a matter of minutes!
* seeing brilliant white light or light flares emanating from around your head and/or upper body
makes me gag,
Answer: Agreed. Terrorism is hard to define as many lifelong scholars have noted. Are such a small fraction really that intimidating? I’m not scared and if they do pull something off we pick up the pieces and continue on. That doesn’t mean be a pacifist. That means set up a good defense, keep intelligence flowing and stay vigilant. A “war against terrorism” is an impracticable conception if it means fighting terrorism with terrorism.
The model accurately pinpoints, describes, and aligns the cultural and spiritual character of historical periods and points to June 2009 as the end of the current cycle of Ages and the beginning of the next. The author predicts that this date will mark the beginning of the 42-month period indicated in The Apocalypse of St. John, when all of humanity will traverse the Valley of the Shadow of Death making our way toward a new Golden Age, or Age of Truth.
The driver and I talked and laughed all the way to my destination. When we arrived, we were encouraged by each other. I was certainly in a better mood than I otherwise would have been (which no doubt contributed to a very positive outcome to my meeting). In fact, by the end of the day, a beautiful review about the book would be posted and more positive feedback would make its way to me. But in that moment, at the curb outside the restaurant, I had the memory of a negative review and the balm of God’s promise to soothe our troubled hearts.
Jean Epstein, "The Senses I (b)" 1921
Ashley over at Adventures of Newlyweds is a great resource on healthy eating and exercise habits. She recently posted this info on how White Bread is made. gross. We LOVE Daves Killer Bread and all of the healthy benefits that come along with a super delicious taste. If you don't have Daves Killer Bread near you I would encourage you to look for breads/pastas etc. that are whole grain, and include things like flax, seeds, and as few ingredients as possible.
POST:
And that
MacDonald gave a exceptional performance opposite Clark Gable and Spencer Tracy in the 1936 MGM film “San Francisco” which told the story of the 1906 San Francisco earthquake.
Cows have a reproductive cycle just like people. When a cow is able to get pregnant, we say she is “in heat”. When a cow is coming into heat, she will just generally act different. Often, she will rest her head on another cow, or she might stand away from the rest of the herd mooing about nothing. There are also some subtle signs like a rise in body temperature and a higher activity level. The most noticeable and definite sign of a heat is mounting, or even more-so, being mounted.
One of the odd things about the Internet is that so many people don’t seem to understand that it’s real. Sure, they realize that there’s a computer in front of them, a “series of tubes,” and then…it gets kind of foggy. It’s like they think there are magical pixies from the land of Lulz on the other end, as opposed to their family, friends, co-workers, and old boyfriends who are obsessively poring over their Facebook page.
Set the oven to 175°C.
Simple, right?
You can not push anyone up a ladder-
Mr Harrington said his wife had been subjected to months of internet abuse by bloggers while she was employed by the BNP in Edinburgh.
The first part of the days events was held in an outdoor tent. The speakers were from the past and the present. As I looked over this crowd I noticed something that probably isn't coming through in the photo. I noticed a ton of white hair! Many former employees had a fun reunion with former co-workers or students from the nursing school that Samaritan had for many years. Some came with walkers, or canes or wheelchairs...but they came with pride and many years of service. They came to remember, cheer on, and support a community hospital that has survived in an age when many small hospitals haven't or they've been bought up by big businesses. We are lucky to have a wonderful hospital in our small town with good Doctors, great nurses and other professionals who serve and give a standard of good health care to the rich and poor alike...Living up to it's namesake...The Good Samaritan.
block of baking chocolate or already grated bites
Priyanka Chopra is one of those female actors in Bollywood who could carry the success of a movie on her shoulders. The former Miss World had a rocky start in the industry but with time, she proved her mettle and is highly sought after for those good looks and sharp acting.
The first part I painted looked like this. Then my intentions was to paint the inside part (what's still white) with a metallic gold paint I had. It looked terrible then. The metallic gold I had on hand looked more like mustard exploded on to the frame. (Forgot to take a picture of that mess). So I ended up painting the inside part burgundy as well.
Police officers have been a regular sight at the plaza, but NYPD spokesman Paul Browne said the protest has not led the department to assign additional officers to the area. The department won’t change its approach to handling the protest and will continue regular patrols and monitoring, he said.
Yesterday we had a family birthday party for her. We did not want to overwhelm her with a lot of new faces as soon as she came home so this was the first time that most of her family were able to meet her. It just so happens that my father-in-law's birthday is the day before Makinley's so we had a double birthday celebration.
On July 10, 2001, the SA health department announced that it was going to stop R6,6-million in annual funding to the SA National Tuberculosis Association because of the ongoing looting of its funds and the lavish lifestyles of its (African) executives, who award themselves R400,000 annual salaries and spend R5000 a month on cellphone calls alone... while millions of South African TB patients go untreated and are wasting away of a deadly, but curable disease.
So who was our winner then?
12 small spearmint leaves
Startup your VM and enter the following values for the prompts during sysprep:
This dark adventure does have an undercurrent of romance, but you have to remember that these two hate each other. It's a slow burn that leads you to a forest fire before the last book in the series.
I hope you let us know what you bought.
Before the flop, I went all in with my pair of queens, another guy went all in on his pair of jacks...and Todd calls us, with his fucking pair of kings. A train wreck was clearly about to ensue. I was about to bow gracefully to the birthday boy and withdraw from the game, when the cards are flipped...to reveal a queen. So, I got three of a kind, which knocked the other guy out, and mortally wounded Todd. (I would like to tell you that I handled this like a very gracious winner, and that I did not shriek at the top of my lungs and jump up and down. But that would be a lie.) After that, it was pretty much all over. Damn, that was fun. I'm sorry, Todd. But damn, that was fun.
My Book: The Harvest Principle: Its Not A Coincidence
Loved, Always was
The other important factor the flight sim cockpit requires is the sound and speech system.
Thank you so much Kelly for sharing this day with me! I say that cause she paid for the whole day!
Initially there was a beautiful flat meadow with the river running through. We saw some bear tracks on sand, so the bears must be coming here to eat. After a bit it turned into the same slippery scree with a river right next to it. It started drizzling so no one really wanted to continue further. We found a nice overhanging rock to eat lunch. At least it can protect from some rain. Our neighbors actually went a lot further up the valley. Perhaps they wanted to get their money’s worth. There was probably some small glacier at the end. But going there is a major pain hopping on all that wet boulders.
including Halloween of course.
With this understanding, Mann hopes, we will finally restore their history to pre-contact Americans, giving them back the stature and respect that both those who wished to civilize the heathen and those who desire to glorify the noble savage have denied them.
Page xxxvi
Think about it. If you were just one or the other, wouldn't that be very...unstable? Unhealthy? Supposed "left-brainers" don't live in cubicles of their own making where all they do is take orders and do math problems. They are creative in the ways they find to organize things. They imagine solutions to problems, and then implement them in new ways. That is no less creative than what an artist does for a living.
I’ve had to let go of some things I want to do in order to accomplish the absolute bottom line of what I was looking for in retirement–and that is to enjoy myself without having to answer to a long list of other people for my time. I’m to say that I’m accomplishing that in spades.
I was also so afraid it was going to fall over but it didn't.
2 Tbl baking powder
The Taliban were quick to claim responsibility for today’s assault. But almost certainly others opposed to the occupation forces were involved.
Here are a few starter tips:
For she waited in darkness.
1. Mysurvey: Here you can earn points for completing surveys. When you register, you provide some information about yourself and they match you with surveys accordingly. You are given points according to how long the survey was, or how much you had to participate. You can then exchange your points for rewards. I usually exchange my points for PayPal money, and either get something I need on Ebay, or switch the money into my bank account. I usually get about $40 per month, which isn’t much but every little bit helps!
That leads me back to my problem. What to do about my four social networking platforms? Do I add all the same people on all four? That seems awful. First, it drives me nuts when I see the same post in four different places. Redundancy wastes time. Do I get rid of three of them? I wish, but each platform has its strengths, so deleting one cuts me off from a certain segment of the population. Allow me to explain.
My Thoughts – I downloaded this book as it was free on Amazon for a day and i thought that this might be the sort of book that i might enjoy.
There are ways to reduce one’s risks of developing ovarian cancer. Currently, genetic tests are available that can help to determine whether a woman who has a family history of breast, endometrial, or ovarian cancer has inherited the mutated gene that predisposes her to these cancers. (However, this mutation affects only a few
The guilty bastard manager escaped the venue and went on the run for 6 months. He made repeated threats towards me as he had a dislike of ‘leaving any job unfinished’, and I was placed under police protection until his arrest and subsequent incarceration.
You perceive their actions, and from this perception you normally confer onto them motives and thoughts.
I first came across Ali Sparkes work when I kept losing to her on regional book awards. You might think that that would sour me to her, but that wasn't the case at all. The more I heard about her, the more intrigued I became. Young readers would tell me that Ali Sparkes was like Enid Blyton, but more real; like Susan Cooper, but happening now; like Alan Garner, but with contemporary children. Then, when Frozen In Time won the Blue Peter Book of the Year Award in 2010, I realised it was time to get her back-catalogue and start reading.
Blank doesn't always meant white...in this Bernet drawing, he uses both white and black shapes for his empty spaces. Throwing things into silhouette is a great way to minimize excessive detail and simplify your composition (the Mignola drawing above does this well too).
Well as far as Hot Pockets go the Spicy Hawaiian Style Pizza is indeed one spicy number. I’m still feeling the burn from the residue in my teeth. Honestly, I’m not big fan of super spicy stuff (because I’m such a cool-cat, heh) but that doesn’t mean I didn’t like this – on the contrary it’s an excellent addition to the Pockets line up. In fact if I was a professional fire breather I would consider this the best food on the planet. So yeah, delicious, filling, and if you drink ‘Franks RedHot Sauce’ straight out of the bottle this Hot Pocket is for you. Even if you don’t try it anyway, just have a pitcher of water on stand by.
After waxing some of Polish trumpeter Tomasz Stanko’s more memorable recent outings (2002’s notable Soul of Things, 2004’s Suspended Night and 2006’s splendid Lontano), the trio – minus drummer Miskiewicz – made drummer/percussionist Manu Katché’s ECM discs (2005’s Neighbourhood and 2007’s Playground) the strikingly lovely outings they turned out to be.
So, Google advanced image search has failed me. I know there are other tools, but I am very stubborn. So stubborn, in fact, that I created my own quadcopter image and set the license to 'Free to Use, Even Commercially", so it can be found instead of the list of bugfixers.
Two Brothers Heavier Handed 2010 3L
_____My neighbor must of bought a donkey. She just sent me a text asking if I want to ride her a**
Mrs. Howell, socialite and Nazi collaborator with her Uncle Franz Müller, pursuing the secret island Santou reputed to have guano with miraculous healing powers. Perhaps they wanted Schwartz dead for being a member of the Jewish family who runs the department store that’s the chief rival to Howell’s?
Please check for the price, availability and delivery terms and conditions of Danze D404557RB Opulence Two Handle Bridge Style Kitchen Faucet with Matching Brass Side Spray, Oil Rubbed Bronze in the merchant’s website by click on a link above.
"When the words appeared everyone said it was a miracle. But nobody pointed out that the web itself, is a miracle." E.B. White
If I run just a little bit faster,
This may seem a lot of information about a minor event but I came out and cried. I felt like a mug for paying such a huge amount of money for two little pots of powder (which taste disgusting), I felt disappointed that this 'amazing' man made me feel like an inconvenience, and I felt gutted that I couldn't afford to see this 'amazing' man any longer.
Ingredients for the soup:
When I was a social worker, I worked in an emotional support school. For a while there, they played dodgeball during their gym hour. What inevitably happens when one plays dodgeball with emotionally challenged kids is that someone gets hurt, someone gets angry, and someone gets in trouble. In the end, the kids weren’t allowed to play dodgeball anymore because of the negative experience a few kids had. In short, it was far easier to avoid conflict than to teach them how to resolve it.
Like I said, it was bittersweet to finally hit "maintenance". Steroids are a tough one. The anxiety I had built up didn't help much. She did pretty good considering. I always have adults tell me how awful they make you feel. I try so hard to be patient and understanding but it is exhausting! I can't even describe it and I'm not the one physically "suffering". It didn't help that she was sedated and had the LP, along with steroids. Bad combo. She didn't throw up though.. that was a plus. We took it one day at a time and we did our best. Luckily, we made it through. I was a complete mess and pretty much worthless. A few of the days I had some things planned to get done... that was a big let down because it was near impossible. She wanted me by her side the entire time. Constantly making food for her to eat.
Mon, 12:30am: Everything will be okay.
Send all submissions and review requests to skeletallightning1@gmail(dot)com.
Takoma Park/Silver Spring Voice editor Eric Bond posed several questions of both panelists. The first concerned the efficacy of resolutions like the proposed NDAA/AUMF resolution. Referring to impeachment and anti-Iraq War resolutions, Bond pointed out that “Bush finished out his presidency… the Iraq War was not stopped by this resolution… can you both address the role that Takoma Park can play by passing this resolution?” adding that he wondered if the community could avoid the appearance of joining a “fad.”
certainly large I'm being, more food to
All inclusive rate CANNOT exceed $48/hour corp
I love to have my student practice their site words lots of ways. This keeps them excited but allows me to get the practice that they need to master the new words. I love Roll and Record Type games and I made one that is played the same way with an empty egg carton container.
Characters: 7
Bill Walker G-F 6’6″ 230 Kansas State
I spent the better part of yesterday looking for and finding story elements that were inconsistent or simply weren't true. Even the FBI thinks there may have been a sixth person at J.T. Ready's residence and is still outstanding. Could this be a shooter? Is this why a local school was put on lock down? Even if the authorities do tell us something. It probably won't be truthful or accurate. Honesty and credibility are two traits that appear to be almost non existent in today's law enforcement community.
It must have look really funny to see a stick figure walking toward them because we could hear people holler and scream with laughter as we approached each street.
Thanks to all of the HELP I have around here, most of my little seedlings got trampled. Cucumbers got stepped on while Squirt was helping dig a hole for the tomatoes: "oops!". Bell peppers got stepped on while Hubbie was watering the Zucchini: "what, there was a plant there?" Canteloupe has been stepped on twice by Ladybug. We are now on our 3rd try.... It's about 3 inches tall, if it had been able to grow from the beginning, I'd probably have fruit by now! Jalepeno's were there one day and gone the next... that one is still a mystery. So anyway, I've replenished everything with some help from the nursery.
There is glass in each end. That will stay. And the glass on the top isn’t even chipped! That never happens. I’m trying some things with it – think frosted glass and decoupage! It’s about half done now…I’ll show you pictures when its done:).
Outreach is a fantastic scheme, taking Festival authors out to local schools (which might otherwise miss out). As an official EIBF author, you get given the chance to opt in or out. I opted in (always up for anything that helps to get books to kids). Which is how I found myself speeding along country roads in a taxi. My destination was Kirkliston Library, and the P5 class of Kirkliston Primary. Author nerves were at their most tightly wound...would the PowerPoint work? (It did, thanks to the fab Colm Linnane, Reading Champion of the Edinburgh City Library & Information Service.) These kids were brighter than shiny buttons--and they were well prepared for a foray into the ancient world (not always the case). There wasn't much wriggling, and the questions were focused and intelligent. They'd even emailed me beforehand (though there was a slight mix-up in the spelling of the word book, involving a misplaced 'b', which made me wonder for a second whether I'd been spammed!).
Eventually he got a job as the Croquet Professional at the Meadowood Resort in California’s Napa Valley, introducing Meadowood’s corporate clientele to the sport of croquet. It’s estimated that Stark has taught over 50,000 people to play croquet over the years.
Anyway, I am now free from Lab Week responsibilities and ready to get back to my normal crafty creativity. This week I got to spend some time coloring!
"Hello there" she said with her hand to her brow
Here, 'though, is an actual full-sized, fully-working replica of the car which
Press into greased 11" x 13" pan. Dough will be very dry and crumbly, but press until dough forms with pan.
And here it is--April. Plane tickets should have been ordered at least a month ago, but we can't order them because the kids still don't have Norwegian passports.
Do you have any weird obsessions or ridiculous addictions? Tell me in the comments below!
15. Mikado - Par Hasard
Driving my son to school this morning, I related my hellish dream and surprise that he hadn’t heard me. We talked about where dreams come from. He suggested dreams are just thoughts and events knitted together randomly from the day. I asked how that would account for dreams of unknown people and places. The man-child said that’s the brain wanting to travel. And what of nightmares? He wasn’t sure about that one and related a night terror of his own that he still remembers from when he was small. That’s where we ended our discussion, we had arrived at school.
Boston Beer Company (Samuel Adams) Samuel Adams Cherry Wheat
So like any other mom, just with an added twist of a specialty, and a little more active raising of my daughter thrown in the pot.
1) - Brooklyn Ballers (seen on NetsDaily.com)
First up was an absolute delight, ¡VIVAN LAS ANTIPODAS! Antipodes are spots on Earth diametrically opposed to each other. Since most of the Earth is covered in water, antipodes with dry land on both sides are kind of rare. Antipodes with people on both sides are even rarer. But this film takes a contemplative, poetic, and highly visual adventure to four sets of such antipodes (eight location in all) as a way of exploring the diversity and similarities of human existence. Entre Rios, Argentina is paired with Shanghai, China. Lake Baikal in Russia is paired with Patagonia in Chile. Miraflores Spain is paired with Castle Point, New Zealand. And the lava beds of the Big Island of Hawai'i is paired with a village in Botswana. And the film is full of beautiful cinematography, inverted cameras, clever transitions (the lava beds to the elephant's skin was my favorite.) I don't think I can tell you in words how beautiful it all was. This film doesn't just celebrate the diversity and possibilities of human life. It also celebrates the endless possibility of cinema to change the way we see the world around us.
First a little background on my marathon training…I started running in 2004/2005, and have run about 10 half marathons since then. Last May I ran my first marathon, the 2011 BMO Vancouver, in 4:18:38. I decided in January 2011, 100 days before, that I was going to train for this race. I relied on friend’s advice on a training schedule, and overall after all my training, and running the race, I would have rated my training a B. I did all of the prescribed long runs, but I didn’t monitor my pace carefully, or try to keep a consistent training pace. As for my mid-week runs, I usually did 2 runs during the week on average, but I didn’t do specific workouts, like tempos, speed-work, and hill training. I did a mish-mash of random workouts that I thought were good. After the race, I felt like overall I hadn’t spent enough time on my feet, and that my during the week workouts needed to be more race and pace specific. I also felt like I could’ve spent more time cross-training. It was a good result overall considering I didn’t know about how much of a beast a full marathon is, and exactly what your training program needs to encompass. I ran a very strong first 20 km, and started slowly crashing from 30 km on, and hit the wall completely between 34 & 38 kms. I managed to pick up a second wind at 38, and finished the last 4 kms strongly. My goal was 4:15, but I would’ve been happy with any finish under 5 hours.
After our half hour we drove home and still couldn't lift our mood of desolation and the first thing I told Mountain Man was that it hadn't gone that well.
Donald Driver, Greenbay Packer receiver – the guy’s got GREAT legs… he showed them off in practice. I’d kill for those calves. His dancing was a bit frenetic at times, it think the excitement of the lights, the audience and the pace of the dance was a bit overwhelming. But he has potential – he’s definitely got the character, the smile and the atheticism to go far.
In a world where businesses are trying to sell you more and more stuff – where we are told that we can’t be happy unless we have this and that and that and that and also this – the vast majority of us attribute great meaning to inanimate objects.
If you are interested In HOSTING an Event Or Have ideas to Submit Please contact ( Queen Sharktooth ) In-world, We Appreciate it!
For this creation I also used the Bo Bunny Paper Sweet Tooth, EEEK I adore these colors and this whole paper pack is so pretty!!! If you would like this paper, come get it, very limited quantities available!!
There is a tendency in our time and perhaps throughout time to simplify. We all want it simple. We want to know what to do. A great communicator is one who can break it down for you — "Just give me the bottom line." "Cut to the chase."
But it came home with The Woodman instead, and now sits on my kitchen bench to help hide the phone cables and other electrical connections.
Who knew fall could be so lovely?
I hope for this lady, who I met by chance encounter, gets the help she needed from the police and is able to leave him where he belongs, in jail. He obviously has some serious issues that he needs to work out for himself and beating a woman doesn’t make him a tough guy either. By a man beating a woman he is showing just how weak and pathetic he really is. I hope he is caught and brought to justice for his actions. Everyone deserves a second chance but he used that up a long time ago.
Some of the crew around ‘Nim’ on the set
3. add brown sugar and cook until peaches are soft and liquid around peaches is bubbly
Peace and then some,
For the first few weeks after Livi was born, I felt like I was feeding her around the clock; she just wanted to nurse All. The. Time.
I really dont like 3D at all and as a fan of Sony, it’s been disappointing to see the company push 3D so hard and game games suffering a bit because of the need to include 3D support. You could use that memory for something better.
He said Pakatan Rakyat has now seized Najib’s missed opportunity to take the initiative to engage and accommodate middle ground voters, who make up about 40% of electorates.
The 'direct-via-email' winner was the ever-spectacular Mistress MJ, who sent me a message with the answer mere minutes after the quiz was posted.
Then we have the other two halves of my pumpkin sets and finally the hurricane filled with silk leaves.
* California Peace Officer Standards and Training (POST) * California Performance Review (CPR) * California Permit Information for Business
Kosher or sea salt
Each tomb is a work of art whether sweetly cared for
Heat oven to 375 degrees. Grease an 8 inch round cake pan. Line with parchment paper and grease again.
I love you Smores.
As Michaela progressed through school, we realized that we needed to incorporate more therapy during her school day. This included frequent breaks between work. A change of tasks greatly decreased the stress she experienced. Throughout the day, she would gather books from classrooms and carry them to the library, take a walk around the school building, help to deliver supplies to classrooms, etc. This also seemed to increase her attention span and allowed her to retain more of what she was learning. Even now, years later, I find when she becomes frustrated with her school studies that if she is given a 10-15 minute break, we change to a different subject, or she completes small chores, her stress level drops and she is able to focus and perform her school work much easier.
Vanilla Ice Cream (optional)
This account of Israel’s battle to defend the city of Gibeon against the attack of Amorite kings is the third and final great victory after those at the cities of Jericho and Ai, which are “paradigmatic for all victories over the peoples of the land.”[7] In the two previous battles, Joshua is presented as an inconsistent leader. He diligently obeys Yahweh at Jericho and achieves great success. Then he charges headlong into Ai without consulting Yahweh and suffers an embarrassing defeat that leaves him in despair. After removing Achan’s sin, Joshua heeds Yahweh’s battle advice and routs the city of Ai. After this great victory, Joshua holds a covenant renewal ceremony to show his renewed faith and commitment to Yahweh.
. . . heals some old wounds,
There is some apples-to-oranges here because of the way DISCUS segments the marketplace. If you compare all U.S.-made whiskey to all Canadian-made whiskey (15.7 million cases sold in 2011), the U.S. wins by a wide margin, but DISCUS reports U.S. Straights (16 million) and U.S. Blends (5.3 million) separately.
People that attend coaching classes want to learn something new…they want all of their questions answered…and all of their objections…overcome…
Here are some more Mets shiny. Told you there were a lot of refractors...
Almond Joy measures 2.5" long by 1" wide by .75" thick. Usually I prefer dark chocolate with my coconut to offset the sweetness, but in this case, I don't mind it so much as the Almond Joy filling isn't as sweet as most coconut confections. It's also the one with the most coconut presence of any of these three. I usually don't like nuts in my chocolate as I don't like to mix sweet and salty flavors. However, the almond is a very mild flavor and doesn't compete heavily for the flavor in this bar. Almond Joy candy bars were brought to the market in 1946 but the history the chocolate and coconut candy bars goes back to 1919 when the Peter Paul Manufacturing Company created the first bar they called "Konabar." This idea sparked the "Mounds" (1921) and then the "Almond Joy" bars. In 1978, Peter Paul merged with Cadbury Schwepps; this merged group was then bought out by Hershey in 1988.
My hope is to give you some small clue
I think her scarfe is made from a very large and I mean very large and very stretchy tee.
***On a related note: Dear blogger pleaz and thnx make a mobile app! Not being able to update a post on my phone kinda sucks a whole bunch when stuff like this goes down...
For what it's worth, anyone who has complaints about my tone probably doesn't know me in real life at all. If you had any idea how much time I spend saying the word "fuck" you'd probably either not want to be my friend or you'd think I'm hilarious.
4) You have your boat by now, right? Head to Agotrop, which is located east of Runweld. You need to sail to it through one of the rivers that go through the continent. You can go under bridges, btw, which threw me off when I first played and got a boat. :P
About four-thirty the near neighbor came out on his lawn and stood swaying, then took off his jacket (he likes to dress frontier style and all). He put the jacket on the lawn, then sat down on the wet grass.
Even that sweet under bite!
Finally, I would add, fall in love with God’s Holy Spirit. Pray, seek His guidance. Allow Him to guide you. The Holy Spirit is that part of the Triune God that Jesus gave us in order to reach the world and do the work He began. After all these are Spirit-ual gifts.
If the private sector jobs would have kept pace with inflation then no one would care what the teachers make because it would still be chicken scratch.
However, termination of a subscriber’s account is not part of this agreement. ISPs will not provide their subscribers' names to rights’ holders under this agreement although the new system of graduated Copyright Alerts means that consumers will have more advance warning and educational opportunities before extreme penalties are implemented. This will replace the current practice of DMCA violation notices being sent to the ISP, who then forwards them to the account holder.
ANGELS DEBUT:
Riva smiled. “That’s because its a nickname. Its real name is Old Cemetery. Dirt from there is only used in the most powerful of…um…workings, collected on the Dark of the Moon — that’s why its called Dark Cemetery.”
A little like “The ultimate insult” claim which I gave him about the first report. That one might have been a coincidence but the other one definitely was not.
How does John the Baptist use to describe Jesus in verse 29? In the Old Testament it was often a lamb that was sacrificed for the sins of the people. How is the coming of Jesus the fulfillment of John’s mission? What does John see in Jesus? Who is Jesus and what will he do?
To be clear, the extinction pronouncement pertained only to the eastern cougar. But many scientists don’t believe that the eastern cougar was ever a distinct subspecies. They maintain that it’s genetically indistinguishable from the western cougar. As far as the appearance of cougars, such as the one in Connecticut goes, the Fish and Wildlife Service maintains that these animals are either exotic pets released into the wild or dispersers, lone individuals who travel from the West or the Everglades in Florida, where a small population of panthers (another regional name for cougars) exist. It says that the vast majority of sightings are misidentifications of other predators, such as bobcats, for the larger cats.
she made love to him.
Anyway, after a full ten seconds of basking rapturously in the goodness streaming from the sun, my mom wanted her turn. =D The rest of the family was alerted of the sun's return and everyone had their chance to soak in the glorious rays.
Her little black mini-german Shepard comes up to her leg. She hugs her like that is her mommy. Bella, the dog that is, loves Yvonne. Oh, I wasn’t suppose to mention any names. Ooops.
Is when I can’t look deep
Seether Freak
So E@L just nodded and smiled and said, "Yes, don't I know it!"
I don't want to give the impression that I'm a miserable wretch. I just see life as full dangers and impossible to understand events. The dangers don't bother me personally. I've lived a long time now and I've about seen it all, experienced a lot of things I don't care to discuss. I've had a lot of happiness as well as sadness. I've know success and failure. But I have a hard time understanding why bad people seem to win most of the time. Am I wrong in that view of things? I don't know. It's just the way I see it. Yes, bad people often come to an unhappy end in the end. But, sometimes they don't. Sometimes they just seem to win and win and win. Maybe they're not really bad people. Maybe they're good people who make the most of a bad world. I just don't know. Like I said, I don't understand.
….. shhhhhhh. If you don’t speak a little more softly, you might miss it.
This is Disability Awareness month and it’s a good time to consider getting a quote on a Disability policy which will supplement your potential meager government Disability payments. If you think you can’t afford a policy, consider the statistics and and ask yourself if you can afford NOT to buy a policy.
In the decades since the 1980s, spending on treatment works, pump stations, reservoirs and other items has fallen sharply.
Thanks for stopping in and enjoy the rest of your week!
wait for it........
Full stop.
I have to actively remember to go onto it now and think what to pin! To search for stuff! Maybe more sites need to have a Pinterest button as a share functionality like they do twitter and FB but Its not out there as much!
Affordable glasses are important in today's economy because rising food & fuel costs are making basic living expenses harder and harder to afford. Why not save some money when buying eyewear so you can put it towards something you really need, like groceries! That's what I would do. What would you do with the extra money you could save by buying your eyeglasses from Zenni Optical?
I have passed the mid-point of my life (I am forty-two. The life expectancy of a beer-swilling, kielbasa-eating Buffalonian is definitely NOT eighty-four.). I am now on the downward spiral. Things are breaking down faster than I can fix them. Time to make burial arrangements…’cause just like the cemetery commercials imply, only an insensitive jack ass who hates his whole family, America, baseball and apple pie leaves death unplanned.
Last year I spent some time in the riverside city of Luang Prabang in northern Laos. French colonised, it is sometimes known as the Pearl of the Orient, and it is easy to see the remnants of French rule, with French-style villas along the lantern filled streets. After the hustle and bustle of chaotic Thailand, it was refreshing to be in the laidback city where I could wander the markets without being hassled.
The eclipse started at exactly 8:22PM, and we were fortunate enough to have a very clear view of the occurrence from Pretoria-East, South Africa. By 09:00PM the earth’s shadow on the moon was visible as a copper-orange glow, which also enhanced the features on the moon’s surface.
Not only does the Heritage Keepers program ostracize LGBT youth, withhold life-saving information from sexually active and HIV-positive youth, and use fear-based messages to shame sexually active youth, youth who have experienced sexual assault, and youth living in “nontraditional” households, there are also questions about the effectiveness of this program to delay sexual initiation or favorably impact sexual behavior among youth. The original evaluation by Stan Weed, et al., of the Heritage Keepers program in 2005 was criticized by other researchers for having a flawed design and was never published, much less published in a peer-reviewed journal. Next, the program was reviewed in a congressionally mandated study of Title V abstinence-only-until marriage programs conducted by Mathematica Policy Research, Inc., and published in 2007. Mathematica found no evidence to support the effectiveness of the program. Specifically, their interim report stated:
Tom mate. Finish Satan, remember that his ribs may have to be built separately because lady will be trapped inside.
There will be a few more added by Tuesday as well so check back!
I am unfound and lost in a place
There are about 300 Mormons left in the area, and some 40 of them still have the Romney surname.
Unsurprisingly when I left college I couldn't actually even look at coleslaw for the next ten years. I had more than had my fill. By this stage all the supermarkets carried pre-made coleslaw exactly like the stuff I had at college but I never really bought it because my husband and daughter don't like coleslaw.
can see at a glance if he is on the correct road.
Now, while the meat was tender and salted nicely, like the lamb, it too was extremely rare. I’m not one to shy away from rare meat, but again the bloody juices combined with those of the lamb and the cacciatore sauce resulted in one hot mess. The fingerling potatoes, all nine of them, halved and roasted with rosemary were, in the words of Simon Cowell, "totally forgettable" and at $14, they shouldn't have been.
Well, I rejoin Weight Watchers. Not that I like their points system since I do the filling foods which is mostly anything but bad carbs. But I do like their meetings and seeing these numbers on paper and the challenge of each week to see if I lost something, works for me. So my weight in days are Saturday's at 6:30am but I will post on here on Wednesday, called it Weightless Wednesday.
In his speech on Tuesday, President Obama said eradicating “every vestige of the Taliban” would be too costly. Doing so “would require many more years, many more dollars, and most importantly, many more American lives,” Obama said. “Our goal is to destroy al Qaeda, and we are on a path to do exactly that,” he said.
Finally, just before taking my plane back to London, I made a short stop at Velvet Cigar lounge, in the picture above, on E7th Street between 1st and 2nd Avenue. This lounge is very small but they sell their own cigars made with Domincan tobacco (with Cuban-seed). Their cigars are offered in three styles - full bodied (The Tompkins), medium bodied (The Astor) and mild (The Cooper). I found their cigars to be a good smooth alternative to Cubans, not as strong but pleasant and spicy. At Velvet they also have a small selection of other brands available - I found Nubs in the past, this time they had Tatuaje, another good choice for non-Cuban cigars.
Spring 2012
Coming up the driveway, these first four pictures show you the signs that were taped to the lamp posts along the driveway.
The most lucrative contraband in Europe, with its intricate patterns and ephemeral hope, threatens to cost them everything. Lace may be the deliverance for which they all pray...or it may bring the ruin and imprisonment they all fear.
No, I’m good with my crackers here. Later on I’ll have a bowl of low sodium soup! Cheers to me.
Stop time altogether
_____Once I asked "Why do I have such bad luck with women?" And a voice answered "Because you're an a$$hole!" And I was like "Shut up mom, I wasn't asking you!" Then she's like "Then hang up the phone dumbass!"
Bottom line, go! Get some now!
The ZAZ boys seem to be the ones who would appreciate The Big Bus the most. And why not; this is something that they probably are appreciative was as popular as it was, otherwise, how could they have gotten any of their projects greenlit? So when it comes to inspiration, The Big Bus gets props.
So why does it even matter?
Hey Vintage Lovers everywhere....!
The Living Waters long program has finished until next fall again. Although it was a tough ball to keep rolling after the fire destroyed all our notes and records (“Who is teaching next week?!”), we realize that God was with the leaders and the participants throughout the six-month program and helped us to finish strong.
I had quite a bit of fun wearing this today. I normally am a jeans everyday kinda girl, but for this summer I have vowed to wear more dresses and skirts. Today we had record setting heat, mid 80's, and this skirt was perfect for it! Jeans are just to hot to wear in the summer when I have no air conditioning, so dresses and skirts it will be.
Every year the Westerville Police Department adopts a family for Christmas. This year they adopted the six member Paxton family. Julian Paxton, the father, had been stationed overseas in the military until he was severely injured. He is currently going through intense therapy and, despite the injury, says he is glad to be home for the Holidays.
At the party, legends such as DJ Luv Bug Star Ski (the man that coined the term “hip hop” along w/MC Busy Bee) was the first person I gave dap to, also there I caught up with Dana Dane, DJ Wiz (Kid N’Play), Big Ced, DJ Music Rocka, Lil Fame (M.O.P), Lord Have Mercy, Grand Puba (Brand Nubian), Teddy Ted (Awesome 2), Missy B (Swerv Radio), Hot Dog (Chubb Rock), DJ Butta L, Kev Lawrence (Thermal Soundwaves), Sergio (M.O.P.), Frank C (In Ya Area), Coole High & M-Tri. Ralph spun videos all night until Big Ced and the frustrated security guard kicked everyone out. Happy BornDay Uncle Ralph!
As these bones come together there will be noise and rattling,…there will be change. Keep watching,…sinews, flesh will come upon them,….shape and form,..but no life,..yet,…but it is on its way,….start to pray. Pray for the Holy Spirit,..for the breath of life,..pray He will come.
Guest Post: This post was written by Coupons.org’s Ella Davidson. Coupons is a provider of consumer related news as well as top-retailer coupons and deals for books, electronics and more.
Aud Sentiments - Use "Two Word Sentiment" - I welcome their design team to my blog! This is my first entry in the Aud Sentiments challenges.
Agriculture, automobile and shipbuilding industries once employed workers in their millions or more. Today, they employ a tiny proportion of the population. Feudalism, which preceded modern capitalism, and communism, which competed with it, engaged many more people. Communism failed because, despite all its idealism, it was conservative, nationalistic and coercive. The capitalist system suffers from the same type of orthodoxy today. It is polluted by narrow individualism and nationalism.
“How fares the child?” Paran asked.
Frustrating. How was I going to write a nonfiction biography about a man whose birth date I couldn’t even confirm? I decided not to let that be an obstacle. I plotted the varying dates on the timeline, noting the source. I’d nail down exact dates later.
The pairs present some really nice color contrast , something that will be more apparent if you look at them in binoculars. Saturn has a yellowish tint, while it’s companion, Spica, is an icy blue. Mars is orange-to-red, while Regulus is white with just a hint of blue. Castor is white, but Pollux has a yellow tint. (For more on the color of stars, please go here.)
James Harden scored 15 of his 29 points in the fourth quarter as Oklahoma City rallied for a 103-97 victory Saturday night to sweep the defending NBA champion Dallas Mavericks out of the playoffs.The
“Lewis,” I told him in the patient tone I reserve only for small children, drunks and people from the Colonies, “I am not in any way a performer; I have no charisma; no-one has ever heard of me in Leamington Spa (my eternal benchmark for middle England); and I have a shit memory.”
This was a gross and heartless fraud and some justice has been done on this occasion -- but there have been previous instances of mothers getting away with this with no signficant penalty
Dragon will undock from the Space Station at the end of May after its three week mission, and return with nearly 1,400 pounds of science experiments and equipment to splash down in the Pacific off the coast of Southern California.
If we are bailing out the Europeans for their folly, is it nor more just to provide subsistence wages to our own whose only fault is absence of opportunity, particularly by design of the corporatists who enjoy the very same protections manifold?
PS, if you want to buy it then it's available direct from the NARS site but their delivery costs are £6 which is a lot more than I'd like to pay. You can also pick it up from HQHair where delivery is free!
41. Done something you told yourself you wouldn't?
The other question the auction will settle, at least for the time being, is one of the great debates of Pop Culture: Who is worth more today, Batman or Superman?"
ANGELA: Nadya’s not working right now. She gets some disability. She was getting disability because she was injured on her job. But that’s also gone.
I recall the case of a variety of wheat that was introduced in Africa that had the side effect of making bees sterile. This took time to discover and since bees are very important to the eco system, this variety was subsequently discontinued.
I used to identify as bi, and I said then that I was attracted to women with short hair and men with long hair, people with a sparkle in their eye. I've always liked people who bend gender.
If you get pulled over, STOP with the fake tears, flaunting your rack or batting your eyelashes ... throw some water in your crotch and proceed to tell the cops you were speeding because YOU HAD TO PEE. It works ... look!
The testosterone took fourteen days to clear their system and now they love each other again. I think watching mini-donks fight was like watching kindergartners duke it out in the school yard. Not a pleasant sight. All is well again on my little farm. I am hoping to till a few things and start planting the garden this weekend. Progress reports to come..... stay tuned.
1 occupy
but he rose and said pleasantly,
the chisel has fallen hard upon my knuckles
The stamps come from Party this Way and Funky Four - the wings of the owl are made using the Boho Blossoms punch and the leaves made using the Little Leaves die.
Good afternoon all.
Unfortunately, the King of the Badgers has issued a super injunction preventing me from disclosing any further details.
Apparently, yesterday was the Solstice, so had I not been so self-absorbed (not possible, really) I would have written introspective and heart-searching things but dammit, I missed all that. I guess now it's too late. I'm still in mourning that very soon we will not be able to get Egg Nog Lattes from Pete's, which is a terribly seasonal injustice.
My first cocktail was a martini-themed mixture of Potocki vodka, Combier eau de vie de cacao, chocolate and orange bitters and a housemade mixture of cocoa and Sichuan pepper. I don't do chocolate martinis, but this was a step above the overly sweet choc-tails normally served and the peppery addition was a nice touch. Round two was a combo of tequila, grapefruit, Campari, orange and chocolate bitters. Unfortunately, I didn't take notes on the cocktails he made for the others, but if I remember correctly, there was fruit involved. There are some interesting additions to the small bar stock that you won't find in many bars, like the Monkey 47.
“God’s dung!”
Somehow we all ended up going back to Liz’s flat – Club Boy too. And that’s when everything changed. I couldn’t let Liz have him – it was one tease too many, besides I’d recognised something familiar about her treat that night. I noticed how his skin shone translucent in a certain light, how he licked his teeth when he smiled. It had been so long since I’d had one of my own I just couldn’t resist it. I only had myself to blame for the bad choices I’d made earlier in the evening but this was just right. Although Liz had pissed me off with her usual man-eater act I did love her – as I
– There wasn’t an avalanche of turnovers, so unlike last year’s GSU game I won’t be having nightmares about fumbling for two weeks, but there are still some kinks to be worked out.
So, I'm sitting on the floor, with my back to Sybil, my shoulders shaking with stifled laughter, because she's reading this poem about a little boy who, in my mind - thanks to Mark and Jimmy - has to stay up all night long, trying to keep from spouting a leak that would take out all of Holland. And then Jimmy has the temerity to go into that little bathroom that I was sitting near and start mimicking making tinkle noises and poopie sounds (my mother's training forbids me from using the "f" word, ever. Sorry.) out the vent at the bottom of the little bathroom door, just to make me laugh, and I LOST IT, giggling a lot less quietly.
Well, despite what I said a few weeks back, I'm posting something here, but when you finish reading this, you'll understand why I have broken the "fast". A few details of the last few weeks first.
The Palestinian Authority’s National Development Plan projected a 30 percent increase in security spending for 2012. While it cut the number of health care workers, it did manage to add another 1,122 security employees in the West Bank and 203 in Gaza. These employees are for the most part members of allied militias who are involved in terrorist operations….
Sometimes I don't remember my dreams at all. Usually, it's those days that someone else wakes me up with something to do or the alarm rouses me. If I don't lie there and go through my brain DVR, I'll lose it. So I bet I've had better dreams than the one I'm writing, but I've forgotten them. That said, I now give you:
“This book convincingly documents that what people want from our economic system is more time, more equality, more well-being, and better health. People want an economy that is not an obstacle to social relations, one that does not produce more insecurity, one that allows life in a better and sustainable natural environment. In short, people want an economy made for people.”—Stefan Bartolini, Università degli Studi di Siena, author of Manifesto for Happiness
2. The next thing I'd like to eat is... breakfast- I don't really care what, I just need to eat!
Spoon about 1 cup of the mousse into the bowl, then place the smallest of the cake rounds over the mousse and press it down gently so that it spreads the mousse. Spoon one third of the coffee evenly over the cake.
(I go retrieve it)
