Tomorrow I'll be heading up to Toronto. New city again, but I'm excited. It feels strangely good to be on the road again :)
So today is day one for me to getting back to that more disciplined Susie.
I love that I can get these things from the supermarket and taste just a few things of what different parts of the world have to offer.
Journal of the Neurological Sciences xx (2007) xxx– xxx – The results of the long term follow-up (more than 4 years) confirm that intraspinal injection of MSCs in ALS patients is safe as previously reported. – http://fondazionevialliemauro.it/eng/PDF/JNS.pdf
I loved the Moravian Star fixture Kate found. It was the perfect accent for the subtle nautical feel. It was generously donated by Shades of Light.
Have a swell weekend!!
I’d been keeping an eye out for this one for some time and then basically lost interest when my son-in-law (“the marine”) sent me an excited text message proudly proclaiming he’d found it in a local Albertson’s supermarket. My son-in-law has a beer blog too; it’s called A Journey Through Beer. He does a respectable job but remember he doesn’t post much because he’s busy defending our country.
I got up myself, embarrassed at the thought of someone catching me dozing off during a cerebral talk about mysticism and existential philosophy. I even think Rama glanced at me for an instant as I walked out of the studio. Perhaps it was best if I walked around the station to get my second wind.
I decided seafood would be more appropriate for our antipodean Christmas lunch instead of the traditional ham and turkey affair, after all we are right in the middle of a very hot summer.
As I grew up in Brooklyn, I played games at Gil Hodges Little League Field on Shell Road. I used to hang out as a teenager and "actually bowl" (just because it was close to the house I suppose) in Gil Hodges Lanes when it was still located on Ralph Avenue. Upon entering the Bowling Alley immediately on the left was a display case with some memorabilia including one of Gil's GOLD GLOVE Award trophy. Gil Hodges Lanes is now in a different part of the neighborhood over on Mill Lane. I plan on checking to see if they brought the display over with it. When I speak of Ralph Ave I'm speaking 25+ years ago. So I'm going to look into that.
This is our living room, which I did a mini-overhaul on last August. I like it, and a lot of you did/do too. The sofa is an Ikea Ektorp loveseat, which was supposed to be a place holder, but turned into a permanent solution when I realized how great it really is. I had Comfort Works make a slipcover for the sofa in a natural linen instead of using the Ikea cotton ones, and I'm having them make another slipcover for me in Ash Gray Velvet.
First, please take a moment to retrieve your precious, life-altering, want-to-marry-it, are-so-in-love-with-it-you-have-named-it iPhone from the toilet water and then frantically try to turn it on. Seriously, press the power button eleventy-thousand times in a row. Follow this closely by hitting the home button while simultaneously screaming, preferably LOUDLY, "FUUUUUUUCCCCCCKKKKKKK" in the work bathroom so that your co-workers think that you yourself have fallen in. Because this will not at all make your phone fizz from the headphone jack. Or cause it to blink rapidly through multiple screens, and then go blank, like it was having some sort of toilet-water-based seizure.
Born: 6/15/1779
in this final day, we'd really appreciate the help in spreading the word... tweet, share on facebook, instagram, whatever you can do to help would be super sensational.
To view the body more closely, Carter’s team cut off the head at the neck and used hot knives to extract the skull from the mask. Next, they separated the pelvis from the trunk and detached the arms and legs.
In the end, they decided to ... either love it or list, but I'm not going to ruin it for you. Watch for yourself, and if you haven't thrown a rock through the TV screen, then pat yourself on the back. But you will agree - that Michael is a total CUNT.
Finding specialists: A given location, service or specialist may be found in a population centre by means of a successful Aquiring test. The type sought must be specified in advance of the roll and the target number is based on the nature of both type and centre. The GM may wish to base the difficulty level on the type and the modifier on the centre.
If you had told me as a college freshman that within a decade I’d be starting a music school from scratch and then working as an administrator, while also serving as a school board president (and being a husband and father, to boot), I’d never have believed you! A “spiritual gifts inventory” would not likely have labeled me as having “the gift of administration”, and even if it had, I would have been totally unprepared for my current vocation without the experiences that taught me how to rely on God to equip me to walk the path He’d prepared for me.
Two men sat over a table with PC on it. A fragrance I am well acquainted with, that of a library room. A thick and warm air with mixture of smell of bundle of books. The office walls are packed with files, hundreds of thousands of piles. The loose cupboard doors are open and inside it one sees the profuse files protruding through the door. The leftover bundles get piled on top of the cupboard reaching the roof top. Still leftover along with new ones put on a layer of dust as they rest peacefully on the floor .
But I think the criticism also points to a bigger problem: Consumers do not bear the primary responsibility for the behavior of their suppliers. It is the job of the supplier to be a responsible employer and manufacturer. A boycott is a useful tool, but it is one that only works at the extremes, when there is a known, egregious violation. I can’t possibly know the inner workings of every manufacturer whose products I consume. It is too big a task. And to simply Boycott Everything and go be Amish is not the solution (unless you just want to be Amish, a worthy pursuit but not a universal vocation); boycotting every manufactured good also hurts honest employers and employees.
I promise you that I never would have picked up Naomi Benaron’s book “Running the Rift” if I had seen it in a bookstore. I’m certain it wouldn’t be in my “Recommended For You” section on Amazon. And I doubt many of my friends would have recommended it to me. So, I’m grateful to Powell’s “Indiespensable,” a fantastic program that sends subscribers a new, independently published book about every six weeks. The books are usually signed and come in a package full of other surprises and goodies. One of the reasons we read is because a book can take us on incredible journeys. At times beautifully and at times painfully, “Running the Rift” takes us on a journey to Rwanda, before, during and after the awful genocide in the nineties.
From the first page you are drawn in to the horrors which are so cruel to a family who only wants peace. As the reader you are now invested in how Malcolm will overcome this tragedy.
“We are both passionate about visualization of interiors and everything involved with. Spreading around the world, the knowledge of Belgian interior craftsmen and professionals, through magazines, is increasingly important for us.”, explains Claude.
So I packed up all my glasses, and trucked off to the eye doctor, and lined them all up saying "please, please help me because my multiple personality eyeball disorder has taken me to the breaking point!" During my eye exam, I was told that I have a tendency to focus with one eye or the other, but not both. Which explained why my eyeballs were fighting with each other when I wore my glam glam glasses. It also explained why my old unfashionable glasses worked well, but needed a bit more strength. Finally!!! A Dr. that understood the battle my eyeballs were going through, and could fix it! Whooooooo! Except my joy was short-lived when the dollar figure was introduced. Even if I got the cool, new prism, multipurpose lenses put into my sexy glasses, it would have cost me over $400. Wow.
The machines pull back and stop attacking Zion. Peace has been made due to Neo’s sacrifice. The Oracle and Architect meet and agree to free all humans who want to be freed. Peace is declared to “last as long as it can”. The Oracle admits that they might see Neo again and that she didn’t know this would happen but that she believed.
Anyway, taking spark-replete firefights to whole another level of... sparkiness, Mr. Pyun gets downright nutty with the pyrotechnics this time around. And what makes it so great is that he is completely justified. I mean, what do you think would happen if a room full of cyborgs started shooting metal projectiles at each other at an accelerated velocity? Exactly. The amount of sparks produced as a result of this bullet-fueled mayhem would be off the sparky charts.
I have! But don’t get the wrong idea. When I say “special” I mean to say that one person that seems to be missing a few too many brain cells. That “special” person that manages to piss you off so badly that whenever they talk to you, you can just feel your blood pressure rising. That person that drives you so crazy you don’t even know what to do about them.
Anyone else brave enough to try an indoor snow party?!?
Mom & Dad"
Reward Yourself For Working
I've had these written in the back of my Bible since I was in high school. They are an encouragement to me. I hope they will be to you as well.
The craft sticks and combs will make different textures on the paper. If you'd like, you can allow your tot to explore mixing colors by placing two colors on the paper. When your tot is finished, place the paper somewhere to dry. (If your tot likes this activity alot and you end up with a "Pretty Paper Factory", you may want to consider placing some of the pieces in your Collage Box.)
I started replaying the list in my mind during my regular prayer time or when I walked to pick the kids up from school. Over the months, I found myself crossing several prayer requests off the list; marking them YAAP (Yet Another Answered Prayer) and adding new prayer requests in their stead.
I’m not sure if I’ll get this entire treatment since it’s just my back that needs work, but I hope it’s what I get. I kind of can’t imagine a ‘smaller’ version of this.
Still, at least in cases like that, the person actually intended to steal something. It wasn’t some stupid oversight that was wasting a whole lot of people’s time and money. People get charged fines for frivolous law suits. When someone made a small mistake and is happy to pay for the item, that kind of waste should be criminal and the companies should be charged fines for frivolous law suits.
The general had received an intelligence report detailing the location of a band of citizens who had squatted in a warehouse on the outskirts of Phoenix. His directive was to make contact and escort the group – approximately 50 in number – back to the closest assistance center.
This bewildering item is still here in my house, in case anyone would like it.
Obviously there are many different types of lawyers practicing many different facets of the civil and criminal law. However, it seems to me that they fall broadly into two main groups – those that ensure we act in ways according to the law and those that bring their skills to bear when the law is broken. The former can concern themselves with say, drawing up contracts or examining agreements to identify if a particular course of action by one party can proceed. The latter litigate. (I have excluded the rather nebulous and elastic concept of international law governing how states relate to each other.)
“So when they had appointed him a day, many came to him at his lodging, to whom he explained and solemnly testified of the kingdom of God, persuading them concerning Jesus from both the Law of Moses and the Prophets, from morning till evening. And some were persuaded by the things which were spoken, and some disbelieved.”
‘He then needs plastic surgery on the eye socket that they broke in two places. He also has several fractures to his cheek that need plastic surgery and he also has a fractured skull.
This past weekend I served on the leadership team for Richmond Chrysalis Flight 60. For those of you who don’t know anything about Chrysalis/Emmaus, it is a Thursday-Sunday Christian retreat. Emmaus is designed for adults, Chrysalis for youth and Journey for young adults. If you ever have the chance to attend one of these weekends, go. Don’t think twice. Just go. It will be with a doubt one of the most remarkable weekends of your life. You can learn more about Chrysalis/Emmaus here.
Studying abroad. That would be cool, but I don’t have that kind of time or money. This is what most of you reading this are saying, right? Well if you’d like to sit through this little 627-word presentation, I’d like to try to convince you otherwise.
Crummey’s debut novel, River Thieves (2001) was a Canadian bestseller, winning the Thomas Head Raddall Award and the Winterset Award for Excellence in Newfoundland Writing. It was also shortlisted for the Giller Prize, the Commonwealth Writers’ Prize, the Books in Canada First Novel Award, and the IMPAC Award. His second novel, The Wreckage (2005), was nominated for the Rogers Writers’ Trust Fiction Prize and longlisted for the 2007 IMPAC Award.
The card was the wrong type for using ProMarkers on, it just soaked up the colour and became really smudgy looking. Lesson learned - the right card is needed for the job, especially if making a one layer card.
But a cluster containing night’s darkness and blood-dripping wounds,
As I said, Linchpin is a business book. It's about the world of work, and how that world is changing, and how certain forces within our current economic system are struggling to hold on to the old model -- a factory model -- that was never natural and was never designed to serve its human component.
The US International Trade Commission has ruled that Microsoft has infringed four patents owned by Motorola. The patents relate to video compression and Wi-Fi connectivity used by the Microsoft-owned Xbox console. According to patent consultant Florian Mueller, three of these patents involve Frand-type technologies, inventions recognised as being essential to an industry standard and which must therefore be offered under “fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory terms“.
I think people are reading this paper because it provides a dynamic way to see workplace diversity. Intergroup conflict resulting from a diversity initiative backlash can be seen as resistance to change, and increased knowledge and creativity can be seen as outcomes of increased intergroup contact. Working on this paper has led me to do more research on the impact of increased diversity on organizational learning.
I wish they would.
When I got home after the (admittedly not what anyone could call major) operation and the major trauma of realising O2 is selling products which do not work, I was almost immediately phoned by Adrian ‘Nosey’ Wigley: always a cheerily uplifting experience. I do not think we have talked this century, though I did mention him at the end of a blog a couple of months ago.
Dream God and love to nation
We are now paying the price for this. Not only has Marxism survived, it is thriving and has in some ways grown stronger. Leftist ideas about Multiculturalism and de-facto open borders have achieved a virtual hegemony in public discourse, their critics vilified and demonized. By hiding their intentions under labels such as “anti-racism” and “tolerance,” Leftists have achieved a degree of censorship of public discourse they could never have dreamt of had they openly stated that their intention was to radically transform Western civilization and destroy its foundations.
From there it is plain sailing for Awang Tengah to go for the No 1 post – Chief Minister of Sarawak.
After staying home for 2 years caring for Princess, I finally worked more frequent last year, and now even in a better salary employment...
From left to right we move from smaller f/stop number (wider open lens, larger aperture, shorter depth of field) to the larger f/stop number (more closed down lens, smaller aperture, deeper depth of field). In each photo, the pumpkin was the focal point. Notice how, in the leftmost image, the statue is not in focus, and the background is definitely very unfocused. The middle image shows how the statue was in acceptable limits of focus along with the pumpkin, and the background is still out of focus. The rightmost image shows everything either in focus or within an acceptable limit of focus. Feel free to click on each image above to see a full-sized view.
Anyway, enough with the rambling, here's my card which I made for my friends birthday, and then promptly left it at home today... duh!!
There would be many dark and dangerous days before the ballot box would finally replace the Armalite but, oddly enough, the first seeds were scattered on poisoned soil thirty years ago.
“Types of ice are classified by how close the water molecules pack together and the structure the molecules arrange themselves in. With the new discovery, researchers have identified 16 forms of ice (including two types of ice I) named in order of discovery. Most of the ice on Earth is type Ih (h for hexagonal, hence the six-sided symmetry of all snowflakes). Researchers had long predicted the existence of ice XV, but had never seen it before.”
Indeed. Few victims earn easier pity than cheated-on spouses, unless they’re abusive. But Blind Husbands, an interesting film in many ways, suggests that emotional neglect can be abusive too, and a husband, so long as he puts work before wife, might rightfully lose her.
From LW with luv
And if you’re thinking you might like to see them live, there are a few venues still not sold out, according to their web site.
Apparently Skypark is not some national monument, but the brainchild of some marketing genius behind the Marina Bay Sands Hotel & Casino (which occupy the three towers below the 'ark'). You can pretty much see this structure from anywhere in the city, and it draws people in like some invisible beacon, or moths to a flame.
The Bexar County District Attorney’s Office has asked the Fifth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals to throw out the stay issued by U.S. District Judge Fred Biery in San Antonio, a spokesman for Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott said.
I invariably make my way to Patel Brothers grocery store, which you can see above. It’s a huge Indian food emporium, and, as usual, among the crowds inside I was the only non-Indian or non-Pakistani person. I love to wander the aisles inhaling the different fragrances, picking up some chutneys and my favorite Mysore sandalwood soap..
Wouldn’t it be great if you could wave a magic wand and watch as your belly fat completely disappeared? But since we can’t count on a fairy godmother to show up anytime soon, we have to keep ourselves in check via healthy foods like these!
A couple of weeks ago, I was lucky enough to meet a precious 4 day old baby girl. A sweet girl with tufts of dark hair, who reminded me quite a bit of my own girl when she was born. I was surprised when a friend asked if I’d felt clucky when I visited this beautiful baby, surprised because it hadn’t occurred to me. I can honestly say I didn’t feel
Run Rabbit Run Kate Johnson (Choc Lit 2012), I’ve just started reading this, but I love Kate’s punchy delivery and the combo of a feisty heroine and sexy men.
Hopefully, the notification of a list of INNs should help in improving the quality of pharmaceutical trademarks and hopefully lead to a reduction in the volume of trademark litigation clogging the judicial system. For those of you interested in reading more on this please do read this study by K.M. Gopakumar on the use of INNs in India.
But the modern new reborn Tokoloshes sit in Parliament.
Here is a photo of what I came up with.
And let me tell you, together, we have found plenty of errors that needed correcting—always in the author’s favor.
112 Orchard Park Road Lindsay ON
I know I still do not completely grasp all of this; it is all so profound (not what I'm saying, but what I was trying to explain). The way God's love works, and the way He wants us to live is so complex even in its simpleness. I really think I'm just scratching the surface of the iceberg in what I'm learning now, and when I die, I really think I'll only have made a small dent. Even when I begin to think I know what love is, I'm just catching a small beam of it, and looking at it in awe, when the whole of it is so magnificent and bright in its glory.
When I saw this Sunburst Mirror in the last issue of This Old House, I knew we had to make it. The good folks at This Old House have given us a great tutorial on their website.
Hors D'Oeuvres:
As I close, I would like to share a new to me gardening book, it's called Gardening When It Counts, though I have not finished it yet... it's interesting, and challenging to ones green thumb, but so far it's worth reading. Blessings...
30) Speaking of birth control, I am allergic to latex if it comes in contact with my mucous membranes, and I am allergic to spermicide, and the Sponge.
Amin amin Ya Rabb!
Over the weekend I discovered that many of Leontien’s blogger friends are putting up posts with flowers for this sweet lady. Of course, I had to join in too. Leontien, I am giving you a photo of a lei of fresh flowers from last summer’s trip to Hawaii. They smell so good (actually, most of outdoor Hawaii does). They brightened my days there; I hope this lei will brighten yours!
Following are excerpts from a Friday sermon delivered by Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi, chairman of the International Union for Muslim Scholars, which aired on Qatar TV on February 4, 2011:
Just moonlight flickering through trees. Nothing more.
With Critical Illness you can’t lose.
In times past, I have variously done some yoga first thing, or skipping, or pushups. So now, unless I'm going to the gym first thing, I do 10 of something. It might be pushups, situps, burpees (ugh), lunges, jumping lunges (too many of these really hurt - trust me), skips, or hollow rocks. That's all the ideas I have so far... But it sure wakes me up!
Let me explain. To my daughter, the school is a stage; an arena in which her drive to challenge the status quo plays out. Literally, she goes to school in order to test her ideas. She goes to school to pit her thoughts against the 'the unexamined norm.'
When fools can be kings,
But what happened? In 1 Kings 11:6, “Solomon did evil in the sight of the Lord, and went not fully after the Lord, as did his father David.” Then in verse 11, “Wherefore the Lord said unto Solomon, Forasmuch as this is done of thee, and thou hast not kept my covenant and my statutes, which I commanded thee, I will surely rend the kingdom from thee, and will give it to thy servant.”
Recently there has been debate about The Ryan Plan and the Buffet Rule. Now those two couldn’t be more far apart. The Ryan Plan has been denounced by religious groups as being fiscally immoral. Translation: making sure that the poor carried a greater burden; elimination of food stamps even if that means taking food from children, and slashing and burning every safety net type of program possible. It would also leave tax cuts in place for the wealthy. The Buffet Rule on the other hand, would tax people who make over a million dollars a higher tax rate than they currently enjoy. While the Buffet Rule would not heal the deficit, it would make a decent start. Yesterday I watched as a young commentator looked into the camera and said that The Buffet Rule was not a good idea, that it is a job killer. That’s an argument that I’ve heard before, “job killer,” but I still don’t see where are all the jobs are from a decade of Bush tax cuts, so argument is just tired and old. He went on to say, that it’s all about envy. People envy the wealthy, so they want them to pay their fair share.
Gillette Fusion Skin Care $1/1
1977, The Boomtown Rats played their first gig in England when they appeared at Studio 51, London.
The editing process is painful. Read your work, re-read it. Hell, rewrite it, and then send it to along to someone else to scrutinize. A beta reader/editor is NOT your enemy.
William Willimon, a Methodist bishop in northern Alabama wrote years ago, “Go ahead admit it, preacher. You love it. Lent is your favorite season of the church year. Children love Christmas, missionaries love Epiphany, charismatics dote on Pentecost — but for preachers, nothing beats Lent. Here is the homiletical season par excellence, six weeks when we are given license to do what we would do all year if we could: breast-beating, belittling, berating. It’s a time of sackcloth and ashes, the long fast, self-denial, focus upon sin and its consequences.
For example: hypomanic ideas and overconfidence have led me to apply for full time jobs that I was in no way ready for, so ended up quitting after plunging into depression. The high of the hypomania just makes you feel you can accomplish anything and become a billionaire in a month! When I’ve ended one of these jobs, my confidence is usually completely shattered.
Hi Everyone! I'm back again with another Paper Smooches card and a little announcement (you may have already heard)!
I can't sew.
Pairing Lessons: When in doubt, reach for a Vienna Lager. It goes with most anything, provided the food isn't too imbalanced. For pairing a pumpkin beer, remember to think of all aspects of the beer and don't just assume it's pumpkin pie in a bottle. Most pumpkin beers have real pumpkin in them, which means that should always be in mind when selecting a food pairing. The spices, while probably the most prominent thing in the beer, should be balanced through the food, while the pumpkin should be coaxed forward. Dry-hopping atypical beer styles (things that aren't IPAs, Pales, Ambers, etc) can lend the same effects of cutting through fats and other heavy flavors as their hoppy-tasting counterparts, but without the same amount of hop flavor. Chocolate doesn't have to be relegated to dessert, just ask the Sicilians. Sometimes if you feel a flavor is missing in a beer, you can make up for it by providing that flavor through food. Your tongue won't know the difference.
This makes the Hajj exhibit a rather paltry affair in comparison with, say, the magnificent Egyptian and Assyrian galleries at the British Museum. It’s all hype and puffery and public relations, an expensive and elaborate sales campaign bankrolled by the Saudis and designed to supplant the beating heart of Western culture with the austere emptiness of Islam.
Brilliant!
Once a good braider, Viola has lost faith in herself, and in her place in the world. Her bride-price - what made her worth something - is gone, even her mother says so, and so she leaves her hair is a snarl of curls, covering over the broken, tangled ends with a scarf. It's hard to care about her body when it feels her souls is gone.
Tars and Deja maintained polite poker faces but Mors and Sola looked at each other with inclined eyebrows and barely-perceptible nods. Sola rested her secondary hands on her burgeoning belly, glanced up at the achingly blue sky, and declared to the cool, green hills of Earth, "Perhaps it's time for something completely different."
I have always felt that the most irresponsible movies are those that are very casual about their violence. The 80's and early 90's were filled with them. True Lies jumps to mind, which also had the added benefit of reinforcing terrible racial stereotypes and painfully unfunny comedic scenes starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Pretty much all of the Schwarzenegger output of the 80's falls into this category. He would mow down 40 enemies with machine-gun fire, there would be little blood, and no consequences. His characters were blanketly heroes, never plagued by any regret at having claimed larger body counts than most natural disasters. These were the films few politicians complained about...Politicians hearkening back to a more innocent age in film where the cowboy in the white hat was the good guy and his killing was just. The evil guy with the black hat fell over unceremoniously at the end of the film and the hero walked off into the sunset, on to kill more evil-doers in the next town. Former president George W Bush reflected this kind of black and white point of view throughout his presidency. Our current world is more nuanced than this. Our heroes have continually been exposed as flawed human beings...that murder is murder. This is closer to reality. However, when art depicts violence in a more realistic way, politicians get upset. Or more to the point, the extremist christian lobby gets upset, and the politicians adopt their stance while putting their hands into the coffers. The violence in The Sopranos is shocking and horrible...as it should be. It is still less shocking and horrible than it is for those who experience it first hand.
7. The Court of the Animals (5:01)
I'm participating in The Atlantic's 1book140 read-a-long of Margaret Atwood's The Blind Assassin this month. The following is the first of what I hope will be a series of posts close-reading sections of the novel. If you somehow found your way here through 1book140, welcome. It's nice to have you.
“I am here for more than ten years and started work for less than a year. I feel this is a suitable place for young people to study and work to prepare to go to other countries in the future.”
Happy Sunday, campers!
Another prime example - donations from wealthier countries to poor ones have been proven to be detrimental. Instead of helping the needy there, warlords seize the processions and sell them. Or people get dependent on free supplies, refusing to work. The country, in turn, cannot progress.
What is black and white and red all over? HA. HA. Just kidding, I couldn't help myself with this outfit though :) Thought I would bring a punch to my wardrobe with some hot colored pants!
The debate exploded as to who was going to stick their hand in the trap next. Nobody wanted to, but the lure of the treasure and the possibility of something that might get them ahead of Team Love was too great, and they finally strongarmed another character into it. This time they solved the task by only 2 seconds, and they guy who did it almost died from the series of traps he had to face. They escaped with just a few more items of interest. They risked a third time, but only after making deals and arguing for about half an hour. The third time, two of the three who went down were knocked unconsious by poison darts, and the last one had to drag them out, barely alive, after finding the switch. They escaped with almost nothing that time.
He is at ease writing about 'energies' associated with certain places but will throw in a self-conscious note of caution as if to say to his sneering detractors that he knows it might sound ridiculous but lets just air the argument before we shoot it down.
I'm feeling very pleased with myself, we are still in January (just!) and here is my first Bugaboo challenge card of the year! Big yays!
He hastily hid the Ghost Ship Hunters business card that Kevin had let fall.
The moment a single European voice, such as Geert Wilders' is raised against what is being done to us and our European brothers across our continent, he is banned from our shores (albeit that may be reversed if in dawns on David Silly-Bland that was a tactical error). Yet a days before a Muslim Peer makes a totally undemocratic threat and our legislators fawningly and instantly submit.
“On the morrow, because he would have known the certainty wherefore he was accused of the Jews, he loosed him from his hands, and commanded the chief priests and all their council to appear, and brought Paul down, and set him before them.”
And the journey resumes.
When I get them back I'll post before and after photos. If the guy does a good job, I'll post a big scaling happy review of his business.
Newt Gingrich, the former Georgia Republican congressman who served as Speaker of the House from 1995 to 1999, wrote recently in The Atlanta Journal-Constitution that “Georgia simply can’t afford for the corrections system to maintain the status quo.”
In their new Nature paper, Reece, Drew, and Gardner point out several observations from Plasmodium and other apicomplexans that are contrary to theory:
But anyways, here we are with posher more sophisticated Carling. Similar to Foster’s Gold it is a lighter tasting lager with more alcohol. Is more closely resembles a “Lite” beer, whilst Foster’s Gold tasted much more like the “ice” beers that hit the market a few years back. The beer is smooth with a sweetish aftertaste and arguably has more going for it than Foster’s Gold. I found it a nicer drink than the previous one. Neither really would appeal to the drinker looking for beery flavour but both are nice easy going bottles of cold beer to get pissed up on. I’d neck it any day of the week. I’m often perplexed when I read more scathing reviews of light lager among beer geeks. Sure beer geeks are looking for more by way of beery taste, but there is nothing wrong or unpleasant about necking lighter beer.
Uses like this are lexicographically infuriating. We write our definitions, after all, based on the contextual meaning of a word as it appears in edited prose. All you can definitively eke out of these citations is that “santorum” will probably need a usage note.
Back to work, as nature hurls chaos at us. Trees falling, roads closed, power lines down, heroic rescues at sea. Malin Head weather station recorded hurricane force winds, trucks were blown over, and I'm knackered.
Is life getting faster a phenomenon of aging or is life really getting faster? Does having instant information, instant communication, instant purchasing power and on the list goes make it feel like life is going faster, or is it just that the shadow of life behind me is so much longer now than what lies ahead? Not all of my friends are my age. Some are considerably younger, yet I hear from everyone how fast it all seems to be going.
*Disclaimer this is only a demo site and not a real business website
The topic of the Automatic Expo would be “Mobility intended for All” having a special focus on environment friendly technologies, alternative heats up as well as electric & cross vehicles. Green innovation is the necessity of present day day world so the auto industry has also caught up from it. Your organizers of the Car Expo stated that they have announced the web based ticket scheduling system for the expo in an attempt to avoid the hassles one of the public while making your reservation for the tickets. The internet ticket booking procedure continues to be welcomed and also appreciated by simply every one of the people since within this advanced world, it would not become possible to bypass standing in extended lists fighting for specials and it is the best in order to publication the tickets online.
When is the best time to transplant roses? This is one of the most common questions asked by novice gardeners and one of the most popular topics discussed by dedicated Rosarians. There are no right or wrong answers and any experience gardener will have his or her own rules regarding this based on experience.
Preston Castle closed its doors for good about 50 years ago. In recent years it has become quite a hot spot for the paranormal, with individuals from shows like Ghost Hunters and Ghost Adventures coming through and spending the night in lockdown to see if there is any residual presence of a brutal unsolved murder in the kitchen, or any sense of the many who stayed, and presumable died, in the castle’s infirmary wing.
E, age 11, entirely disagrees:
Aren’t these just stunning? I really love the teal and obviously the pink is a big winner with me. These are just four of the colours available. There is also green, purple and red.
Are you ready for this week's challenge? Well, first let me announce the winner of last week's challenge. The requirements for last week were to use pink and blue on your card.
It is absolutely gorgeous outside today. It is 80 degrees with sunshine and a little breeze. I am not an outdoor-sey kind of person, but today, I want to be outside. The grass is greening up...Trees are beginning to bloom. All of nature seems to be coming alive after a long winter's nap. I got out yesterday and pruned all of the dead foliage off of the Oleander, Hydrangeas, Roses, and Crepe Myrtles. I am excited to watch them "spring" to new life.
For me, an A-cup puts you on the A-list, every time. See, Nice Guys are not just interested in your tits. They're not shallow. But FYI, your small tits are HOT, and actually totally work for some guys, guys who aren't solely interested in your tits but can still get off on them because they don't like big tits, even though tits don't matter like I just said. You're welcome. And so, when they make sweeping judgements about you because of your tits, it's okay, because they're being kind of benevolent and complimentary. You're probably smart or something! (Radcliffe goes on to say that "Some of us have learned from experience that small-breasted women often have larger minds", making full use of his Boob Science degree from Sensitive Dudes University).
If you are following my blog you will know that this whole kids cupboard reorganisation started because storing the kids clothes in those huge stripey bags (see top shelf) was just not working. So my solution was to store the kids clothes in plastic containers.
I also have two giveaways still going on...how about some Aurifil thread or a chance to win my three garden paper pieced patterns? See below! I will draw a winner for the thread tomorrow and for the patterns on Saturday.
With a successful film career, Thurman once again became a desired model. Cosmetics company Lancôme selected her as their spokeswoman, and named several shades of lipstick after her, though they were sold only in Asia.
..12 - AMZ UK
You see, apparently you can't buy moving boxes in the Midwest they way you can on the West Coast. We, of course, went to Walmart first looking to get some of your average moving box and were told they could save cereal boxes for us if that is what we wanted. That was not what we wanted so we went to an actual hardware store. When we asked the man in the hardware store if he sold moving boxes he looked at us like we'd just asked him for a couple of sheets printer paper.
5. Balloons & Streamers go a long way.
The police violence against the EDL anti-Muslim extremist demo in Leeds is a warning of what the establishment really want to do to patriotic people. One of the police tricks seems to be based on the Hillsborough tragedy — that of “funnelling” the protesters into tight groups and chasing them while they fall over and get trampled as you will see in the video from Leeds.
Hemlock, her first novel, will be released on May 8th by Katherine Tegen Books/HarperCollins
Now onto this week's WIPW as I have exciting things to share!:
Until the next time someone decides to test
Richter has been collecting food from places like the Ohav Zedek synagogue and bringing it to homeless shelters for more than 20 years, but recently his donation, including a “cholent” or carrot stew, was turned away because the Bloomberg administration wants to monitor the salt, fat and fiber eaten by the homeless.
7th October
I mentioned to a friend one day in passing that my computer was nearly 10 years old. Now that I will be working from home for a bit it’s frustrating because there are many things I can’t do due to the antiquated processing system. Days later I get a call. “Would you like my PC? It’s three years old but the hard drive is brand new.” He was getting a whole new system.
It did not take long for Portland, Oregon’s Red Dons to become one of my favorite bands. When I first heard them, I don’t think I had even finished listening to the first side of the LP before I fell in love. This comes from the out of print 2009 LP for the Brazilian tour. It sounds quite different compared to the original pressing that featured a very lo-fi mastering of the album. That lo-fi mastering is part of what endeared it to me. It went hand in hand with the lyrical topics of the album, like feelings of alienation, dying hopes, consumerism, and tyrannical fascist dictators. When I heard the Brazilian LP master though, it was like a rediscovery. It is so cool to have these two different versions of this album, one of the catchiest, most intelligent and inspiring punk records I’ve ever had the pleasure of listening to, and I’ve heard plenty. There have been comparisons of Red Dons to many great punk and post-punk bands of the 1980s, but there is something about the Red Dons that makes them even more indispensable for me. The totality of their art goes right for my heart and does not let go. The urgency and passion with which singer Douglas Burns delivers his lines is infectious. The music makes me wish I was at the show jumping around in the crowd. The album clocks in at just over thirty minutes, and if you are like me you will be playing it over again immediately.
I think he must have thought that if he sent me everything he had, eventually I would shut-up...
That I’m still thinking about you
An open-ended question is designed to encourage a full, meaningful answer using the subject’s own knowledge and/or feelings. It is the opposite of a closed-ended question, which encourages a short or single-word answer. Open-ended questions also tend to be more objective and less leading than closed-ended questions (see next page).
It is time our country once again become United. The President should cancel all federal money to any state that discriminates against any citizen for whom they love and want to marry--all marriages should be accepted as legal in every state of our Union!
2. Tomorrow bring display book, three copybooks and pencil case only. If anyone has any more school books at home, please return them at your earliest.
The only good thing was that
Tigas, a Web developer with the The Spokesman-Review newspaper in Spokane, Washington, wrote since the application went on sale last week, it hit number one in the rankings for paid utilities for the iPad and iPhone last Thursday and Friday.
On the other hand, I like the idea of just red glitter in a black base. That seems, to me, like The Black Knight of Arthurian legend. I understand, though, that perhaps that is not quite the quality that Butter London is going for; I can appreciate a tongue-in-cheek representation of "The Black Knight" as a glitterfest. I just think I would also like my sinister, black as night polish with red glitter in it. Perhaps I'll see if I can't come up with something.
(Ural) My friend and I saw some TV commercials advertising a new local newspaper. They needed some talented artists for some comic strips. After showing them our work, they ordered forty pages of comics to publish. We both have a wonderful imagination, so we finished in a month. We sold it without any changes, and we were only sixteen years old.
Now to workout specifics -- MY ROUTINE
Dopo aver ritagliato l'immagine l'ho incollata sulla patterned.
Maybe those two disadvantages (age and "lack" of education) are actually advantages.
Let’s get started.
Italians call Mickey Mouse Topolino.
Everywhere you have "Brothers Grimm" shoved into your face, like a drunken Mexican trying to force you to drink from his tequila bottle.
Civil society
2.It takes a certain type of person to sit and eat a starter whilst the rest of the table sit patiently and watch, waiting for them to finish.
Rather to my amusement, however, I see that the NYT has just weighed in on hellfire. When the NYT is preaching the reality of hell, I feel that I should say a little more about some of the key scriptural texts involved.
United Breweries - UB Group UB Export
adventures...everyday!
As Forest City Enterprises' stock declines dramatically, rating company Standard & Poor's cuts FCE's credit rating, citing "concerns about Forest City's debt load and the company's ambitious development plans in a weak economy."
“Nothing can add more power to your life than concentrating all your energies on a limited set of targets.” Nido Qubein
So click and she left Pat's work lair.
Now I know that I am a horrible rhymer
SUNIL, Secretary, CPI (Maoists)
Is it just me or did that weekend go by really fast? We had amazing weather after weeks of rain. We spent most of yesterday working in the yard and my body is letting me it today. Moving a little on the slow side.
Viva Decor Pearl Pens are back in stock. We ordered extra of the white as that seems to be a favorite and remember this will be great to use on your Christmas cards.
Baby Boy made an A on his Final Oral Interview in Japanese! I'm so very proud of him. He walks around the house speaking Japanese all the time now and has even started watching Japanese television shows online.
SONAR SAO PAULO
Rnd 6) ch1, 2hdc in same st, 1hdc in next 4sts, * 2hdc in next st, 1hdc in next 4sts, repeat from * around
I might have them, a little bit, even though it isn't my wedding day...
Speaking of spinning, how about this piece in the Daily Fail? It turns out that Barcelona are so impressed with Gareth Bale’s theatrics, his beautiful playacting and his marvelous diving, that they want him in their squad. Alves and Busquests are licking their lips with anticipation! (sorry, horrible mental image there).
Its services’ pervasiveness, Vaidhyanathan observes, has made it possible for Google to shape us: “we are not Google’s customers: we are its product. We—our fancies, fetishes, predilections, and preferences—are what Google sells to advertisers.”
Jeremy Lin: Save your money.
So the social etiquette and the kissing of asses and the grieving of the lifestyles, the pressures, the big money, the market makers, the attitudes, the competition beyond healthy levels, the fear driven dollars, the lazy money, the GIFT, the tax workaround plan B on the down low or right up like oil on water if the gamble paid off…. because then the publicity can be bought nice.
At this point I don't even care how horrible it looks....I just
(Mlecchas are not like this. They wait for their turn to speak and test the waters to see if you would feel offended by their wanting to give you advice. They have NO idea what it is to be Indian…)
The goal at Ben-Gurion is to move fliers from the parking lot to the airport lounge in a maximum of 25 minutes.Idiots, obviously.
FARRRRRRTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT!!
I’ve just finally given in and bought a supermarket piping bag. I’m sure it’ll come in useful for all those everyday tasks… In the process I’ve re-entered the Morrisons’ prize draw where three store-customers win £100 every day. I interrogated one of the employees on the tills until she broke down and admitted the truth which I had suspected all along: That no “winning” customer from that shop had yet actually claimed any prize and that, playing the numbers, this is a very low-cost promotion.
recent recordings
"It doesn't seem quite fair for the shop's other regular customers," I responded.
Level 1 Federal Government Administrative Centre
Gaddafi modeled himself after Omar Mukhtar, The Lion of the Desert, the only other man who has led a genuine, independent Libyan resistance, fighting against a brutal Italian colonization in 1927. Yet, our media tell us it’s just another dead tyrant.
Possibly this zombie clone is a result of my blog post--which I know Asinugo knows about, since he (under an alias) sent me a legal threat. On the other hand, Asinugo may simply be attempting to diversify in an attempt to snag more victims. With all the semi-sleazy self-publishing companies and dodgy small presses out there, the brain-eating business is a bit more competitive than it used to be.
Difference: -.2
We are brewing it on Wednesday next week and it should be ready by the end of the month and first tastings will be at Basingstoke's Octoberfest beer and food festival on the 2nd & 3rd of October.
“This has been framed as somebody’s fault—either the parents’ fault or the teachers’ fault,” Ms. Altwerger said. “The fault lies with an education policy that does not work.”
Oh well, guess what’s left for me to do now is to sleep, so I can dream.
I saw him blow
Don’t tell me I’m the one if you mean ‘the one right now’
This weekend was our first weekend of in-conference play and the hype leading up to the series lived up to the bill. It was a weekend filled with free baseball (extra innings), game winning homeruns, double-digit strikeout performances, strong defensive plays and dugout squabbles.
The objective of this publication is to advocate a critical approach to evolutionary theory by considering the scientific evidence challenging the widely accepted paradigm. Such exposure can and should result in an academic openness of mind producing better scientists and better science. This book highlights that there are limits to the scientific method, leading to a more modest assessment of what we can and cannot know.
6. Pop popcorn. Just because there is a microwave in the work area, doesn’t give you the right to warm up or cook just anything. Some foods emit offensive odors when cooked or warmed up - buttered popcorn is one of them. The more buttery it is, the more like vomit it smells, and if it burns, the odor is horrible and long-lasting. If you have a breakroom, pop it there, instead of in your workspace. The same goes for fish, cabbage, onions, and you get the picture.
One amusing aspect is the “Donate” using PayPal button. Yup they are after your quid. They’ve not said much about what they are going to do with your quid but they want it. I missed a trick there with CAMCL. I should have begged for donations and offered no clear idea as to what I was going to do with those donations and just bought cheap lager for myself. In terms of actual campaigning for “really good beer” first impressions are they do the sum total of buggar all. The beer festivals highlighted are run by others but heh, their position is clear and it’s free. For now. They might do something if you join and suggest it.
Hi there! I was away in Florida last week for business and glad to be back home. I had some crafty time this past weekend and got the Sizzix Eclips running.
Do I regret joining KDP Select? Definitely not. I wanted to know what would happen and I suspect I have reached a few people who wouldn't otherwise have heard of me. Will I register all of my books? Also definitely not. I don't like the exclusivity clause; even though financially I wouldn't be that affected I hate the idea of cutting out potential readers who chose not to buy a Kindle, and I'm also not a fan of putting all my electronic eggs in Amazon's basket. While I do get most of my sales there, I am reluctant to cut off the other avenues. It's obviously good for Amazon to have exclusivity, but I'm not sure it's good for anyone else.
ABOUT METRO-GOLDWYN-MAYER STUDIOS INC. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Studios Inc. is actively engaged in the worldwide production and distribution of motion pictures, television programming, home video, interactive media, music, and licensed merchandise. The company owns the world’s largest library of modern films, comprising around 4,100 titles. Operating units include Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Studios Inc., Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Pictures Inc., United Artists Films Inc., MGM Television Entertainment Inc., MGM Networks Inc., MGM Distribution Co., MGM International Television Distribution Inc., Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Home Entertainment LLC, MGM ON STAGE, MGM Music, MGM Consumer Products and MGM Interactive. In addition, MGM has ownership interests in domestic and international TV channels reaching over 130 countries. For more information, visit www.mgm.com
Thought love was here to stay
“Ok lang na ma-disbar ako, sukad wala man ko nag-work as lawyer. Sayang lang ako 5 years nag-eskwela nga gihaguan nako. (It’s okay that I get disbarred. I never got to work as a lawyer anyway. I just wasted 5 years studying law.)
Born to a woman, under the Law, in the line of David,
The race itself was miserable. I have to laugh at my complaints about the heat and humidity for last year’s race because we would all have killed to have those relatively cool, bug free temperatures again. Unfortunately, I feel like I have lost a lot of speed over the last few months while focusing on distance. I set a much too ambitious goal for my last 5K and burned out so I wanted to set a goal I could stick with and decided that 9 minute miles would be a good place to start under the conditions thinking, if I felt good after the first couple of miles, I could kick it up. I ran a one mile warm up, which served me well because I felt really sluggish at first and needed to get the blood moving in my muscles.
Each column represents each product line and has the following information: First we compare the market CAGR growth / decline both from an industry analysts and internal point of view. Industry Analysts estimates at times can be too aggressive or conservative in terms of market growth or decline so its important to compare these estimates to your own internal growth or decline percentages. This is important information for when we start building the Product life-cycle graph as we will need to place the product line in a growth, maturity, or decline phase. Next, we look at the product line’s market share and % of revenue.
In the beginning of October 2011 Beunka Adams’ final appeal was rejected by the US Supreme Court, even though there are obvious flaws in Mr. Adams’ legal procedure, doubts about the fairness of his trial and also doubts about what really happened that unfortunate day of a robbery back in 2002 in Rusk, Texas, USA.
Yesterday, Frank asked whether “Pembela can look at the issue from a bigger and wider picture, as citizens of this country with equal constitutional rights with other non Malays and non Muslims”?
“By hearing ye shall hear, and shall not understand; and seeing ye shall see, and shall not perceive; For this people’s heart is waxed gross, and their ears are dull of hearing, and their eyes they have closed; lest at any time they should see with their eyes and hear with their ears, and should understand with their heart, and should be converted, and I should heal them.”
This time ,I’m not sure what my cousin was thinking when he didn’t even deem it worth a second thought before he agreed to me driving him to the airport at 5 am on Indian roads ( probably the deadliest place in the country after public toilets and shops selling gold ) .
My son has been there at least twice. He was a Marine for four years and has now been in the Army two. He has a Purple Heart because of a head injury from an IED. I get that its hell and horrible. Even for those left behind let me tell you!
Then roll the dough and form into a circle. Place the dough in a greased cake pan. Using a sharp knife or kitchen shears, make cuts every inch or so along the circle, cutting only 3/4 of the way through. Twist each section slightly so that the rolls fan out.
But the last set of extras was successfully given away. Hopefully this next set will be too. I'm going to give my townhouse mates the first crack at it as I usually do. But if they still have too many greens in their fridge hopefully I'll find someone else that likes them. I've definitely hit over abundance.
I didn’t react, kept my eyes locked.
Inspired by the fact that "caverns have been used as wine cellars, data centres and car parks in Finland and other countries," Hong Kong's Secretary of Development, Carrie Lam, has "called Hong Kong’s rock formations a 'unique geological asset' and urged the city to take caverns into consideration."
Here’s a video shot at the University of California-Davis. It shows Lt. John Pike of the UC-Davis police sauntering up to students associated with the Occupy movement and pepper spraying them, before backing slowly away in a heavily armed phalanx while demonstrators and onlookers chant “shame on you”:
I will believe the heights for which I strive
And according to i-TUNES, over 20,000 educational Apps (May 2011). But of course, like with all media, not all Apps are created equal. It’s easy to get excited about the possibilities, without first checking if the experiences you are buying into are quality ones.
Not sure how can the guy survive with all the freshly brew POO POO behind him. I think it's more to come... So managed to see where are the POO POO? If not don't worry, Scroll further for more POO POO
Baby girl quilt is ready to go. Thanks Val for being my handler for the day.
Perhaps Faulkner wasn’t chasing after an active ten-month-old at the time, but I do think he is right. Sometimes, I am sitting there playing Draw Something or Scramble with Friends, and I think, “What am I doing?” I know I should be using that energy to write, so I pull out my laptop and try to get something on the page, even if it’s just a few sentences.
-$1/2 cpn printable
Misha’s fundraising would benefit more people and have a greater impact if the funds raised went to a bigger, well-established organization. Larger organizations can work with a community, assess its needs, stick around for more than a few months, and really rebuild lives, families, and communities.
Their previous target just happens to be Ray’s (Farrell) first. Unknown to the audience at the beginning and revealed in a flashback during the film, Ray inadvertently kills a young boy after confession. Because of this: Rays is hilariously nervous, overly distracted and bewilderingly amused by a racist dwarf.
Yes, it’s true. I don’t really enjoy Kane. I understand its importance as an influential, groundbreaking film from a technical perspective–in its construction, its cinematography, its innovative use of techniques such as flashback and montage, etc.–but though I have forced myself to watch this movie half a dozen times in various attempts to try to change my own mind, I just don’t LIKE it. And I do not agree with the prevailing critical opinion that it’s the best movie ever made. I think that, hands down, that particular title belongs to Transformers.
06-28 Manchester, England – Manchester Apollo
In short, I have learned the hard way that a friendly smile is interpreted as a whole different kind of friendly on this side of the Atlantic.
With both of them pushing hard, the gate swung slowly open with a huge creaking sound. They tried opening it even more slowly to try to muffle the sound, but that almost seemed to make the creaking even worse. At any rate, they opened the gate just enough for Ishcandar to slip through. Onto the small five-foot wide platform he stepped. Before him there was a yawning darkness that descended he knew not how far. To the left was a narrow and well-worn stone stairway descending into darkness. Lido held the torch up, but the radius of light was insufficient to see into the gloom far enough to tell where it ended. Ishcandar dropped an iron coin over the edge of the platform. It seemed to fall a ways and then clinked on stone. He guessed it fell some 30 feet or so. Ishcandar made his way very slowly and softly down the stairway. It came to a landing, and then turned back the other way and continued down a second flight of stairs. One would never have known there was anyone moving in the room had they only been listening for footsteps, so quiet was Ishcandar’s gait. He followed the stairs down to the bottom, and peered out into the murky darkness.
And while we are talking wireless, when are we going to be able to do away with the twenty cables that connect our TV to all the bits and bobs? Surely that's the next BIG IMPROVEMENT.
14 being
It also reminded me of how I am behind this year with the whole Easter thing. We visited the Easter Bunny and went to an Easter Egg Hunt but that has been it. No decorating eggs. We haven't even decorated the house.
Here’s how the startup works: let’s say that you kicked the caffeine habit and don’t need that old coffeemaker anymore, but you know it’s a nice piece someone else would enjoy. Snap a photo and list the item on Givmo for free. Somewhere else, a coffee enthusiast browsing the site sees your sweet coffeemaker. All he or she has to do is pay for the shipping cost to transport it from you to them. Givmo provides a prepaid shipping label; you just box the item up and send it on to its new owner.
How do you identify the creator of a newly discovered piece of art? You will have to watch the program yourself to learn the tricks of the trade, but don’t be surprised to see these art experts tackle the mystery in the same manor that criminal investigators attack unsolved murders and missing persons report.
Thank you Krysta and William for making me a mommy; and Ron for giving me the opportunity to be a mom and for traveling down this road of parenthood together.
Maybe I am rubbing off on him, because he sure got a high from saving 32 cents.
Don’t tell me you love me because you know it will keep me weak enough to stay around.
the dogs choose to come and lie beside me
"And I will dwell in the midst of the Children of Israel." The Holy Temple is the necessary tool for the coronation of the Creator as King of the World. A king is not a king without a nation, a land, a capital and a royal palace. The nations of the world coronate kings of flesh and blood, enslave themselves to humans and build them glorious palaces. But the King of Israel is not a mere human. Israel testifies to the Kingdom of G-d. The Holy Temple in Jerusalem is His royal palace.
Anaru: You seem terrible at this, eh?
Cardstock: Riding Hood Red, Vanilla, SU DSP
A fan might shout out, “But Katniss cared for her sister! See? She’s not unfeeling!” Yes, I got that Katniss cared for her sister. When she wasn’t talking about her weight/height (?) or about Gale being hot or about how Peeta doesn’t like her (?!) she talked about her sister. That’s all she talked about was her dang sister. Fine, I get that you love your sister. Just stop it! Katniss says over and over that Prim was a nice kind girl, everyone loved her, in fact her name was Mary Sue, etc etc. I understand from the very name Prim that this girl isn’t going to start a motorcycle gang. It got so redundant about Prim is nice and Prim is wonderful and Prim would do this or whatever about Prim that it just got really annoying.
It has been so nice out lately, and when it gets warm, I crave fruits and veggies. So what better way to satisfy a craving with a smoothie?
I retract all of my apologies.
I am trying to smile at one stranger every day, maybe even more than one if it starts to go well. I see so many people who are desperately in need of the sense of warmth and connection that a smile conveys. Personally, I have never failed to be soothed, or even inspired, by a kind and sincere smile. As my ex used to say, "if you see someone without a smile, give them one of yours!" It costs me so little, and means so much.
Actually we were project girls --Amsterdam Houses in New York City. This is the section of the housing project closer to West End Ave. The top photo was taken in the playground we called The Boats and Barrels because that's what it featured for us to scamper around on, plus sliding pond and monkey bars, without that thick padding underneath that kids get today. The bottom two pictures were taken in The Little Park, right in front of the Boats and Barrels.
Morello: Oh.
“Yes. We’re one of you, but different. In here.” Both men were dressed in black dress shirts, black pants, and black shoes. They led Chris and Ann to the smaller church, the Grace Church, across from the gothic Presbyterian. The front door opened as they approached and was quickly closed and barred behind them. Several men, also in black, took positions near windows and peeked outside through shutters on the inside.
Cuddly Cthulhu Pattern
18. My French Brother
Available lessons and prices are posted in my pages section to the left.
Anyway - Let me introduce Miss April Showers !
W. Bruce Cameron
9. New Jerusalem Bible: Though I ‘m becoming quite fond of the New American Bible, Revised, this is my go to Roman Catholic translation, mainly for the printed edition’s fine study notes and the translation’s more elevated language.
To prepare glaze, combine powdered sugar and remaining ingredients, stirring until well blended, drizzle over cooled cake.
(For those who don't speak the Frenchie talk, the above roughly translates to "you're never gonna find the party so leave the present in the courtyard.")
APPARENTLY, after Magatha got her ass booted out of Thunder Bluff, she went into hiding in Thousand Needles, and when the Twilight’s Hammer started stepping up their activity there, they captured her along with a batch of others. (NICE HOW THEY WERE ABLE TO TRACK HER DOWN RIGHT OFF LIKE THAT, HUH?? YET ANOTHER BANG-UP JOB BY MY CRACK TEAM!) So when Lakota sent Johnny Awesome around to help clean up the Grimtotem mess down there, Magatha started sending messages to the stupid elf to get him to release her pet wind serpent Arikara. Along the way Johnny Awesome also killed Arnak Grimtotem and Isha Gloomaxe, so okay, good news there, since that takes out the braintrust that had been coordinating all the ogre business in Feralas and Dustwallow, but whatever, because along the way, Johnny Awesome ALSO managed to round up a batch of ancient tauren relics – the Writ of History, the Rattle of Bones, and the Drums of War – and ended up fucking handing them OVER to Magatha.
It's Time - Imagine Dragons
Sometimes, the days turn into weeks, turn into months and I forget when the last time was that I had a break. Not a vacation. Not a date with my husband. Just a break. For me.
The government recently passed an austerity budget, raising taxes to reduce dependence on aid.
I saw this at first hand while at university. My friend Josh Halliday set up SR2 Blog, which is an outstanding piece of work in terms of content produced and the way that it is set up. He splits the news between different neighbourhoods and reports on such matters as community meetings and sports matches. He focuses on the areas that people want to read and discuss, and that is key to what these websites are about.
Shankar finished his dinner rather early that evening. He was writing his journal in the office room. He decided to sleep there that night. The room had a glass door, which was ajar, not locked. Hearing a sound, he looked up to the door — beyond the glass was a huge lion. Shankar became very stiff. The door would open if the beast just nudged it a bit. And he was completely unarmed except for a wooden ruler.
The event’s theme, “Enchanting Evening,” prompted members of our team to dress up in fairy tale garb, meaning there were lots of princesses and wizards strolling through the Light Court, our Open House venue for the past 16 years.
Demonstrators went to Parliament Hill “so that we can bring our messages straight to the politicians,” said a spokesperson.
Nobody answers to that question.
In the last week or so, I have been tagged with the number 7 meme once again, or a variation of the similar theme which has been making the rounds this year. I don’t have the time to participate in a lot of meme’s or hops, although I hope I will as this year progresses and as I once again re-evaluate what I spend my time doing.
We will, by what I heard this morning, be taking a “Stephen Leacockian” view of B.C.
i took advantage of spray painting weather in march.
Wow, this layout ROCKS!!! You did a fabulous job :) Love the color choices, and the black and white photo, the use of elements - well, EVERYTHING about it :) I may have to scraplift this if i ever get the chance to scrap again! lol :)
Heck, I want a shirt with those buttons!!!
The studio, which was co-founded by artist, director and former Pixar employee William Joyce, has been open just a year and a half, but has already established a reputation for excellence.
of someone else's
I just had a thought .. (not really a new thought as we know that many recovering addicts turn to that “philosophy”)…
I told him that we’d networked prayerfully since December 7, 2011, when Olivia had first been to her doctor. “Olivia said, ‘Let’s pray for the doctors and all the medical staff.’”
I’ve had several less comic Horshack moments researching this post, even after putting it to one side for a few days.
And finally, I'll end with some awesome pictures of the peanuts!
7And now, Lord, what wait I for? my hope is in thee.
Van Raighan's Last Stand
Doesn't seem like a month since I last posted. What have I been up to?....not a lot. The weather has foiled all my attempts at gardening except for yesterday. I was determined I was going to get some much needed tidying done. Broke my own rule with that. To make sure that I pace myself I have a rule now that I don't start gardening before 3 in the afternoon and only spend an hour out there. Spent 3 hours yesterday. Had to be done though....I am so behind with what needs doing...but at least now a big part of what needed doing is done. That makes me a happy bunny. I haven't done as much crafting as I wanted to either. There are not enough hours in a day to do all I want and still get plenty of rest. That is something I can't change so I'm not going to worry about it. I've had another appointment with the OT and I now have ...beside the thumb splint...a resting splint for night time and a pair of compression gloves. My hands were so swollen when I saw her that she was quite shocked and didn't realize that they got that bad. That's when she decided on the compression gloves. I can wear those when my hands are swollen....and just the left hand one and the resting splint on the right hand at night. It has meant a big improvement to my hands and my sleep. The problem was that I slept on my hands....but with the splint I can't do that now..and the glove and splint means that I am not waking as much because of pain in my hands. Still finding it difficult to actually drift off to sleep but that's another problem that the OT is going to try and resolve on my next visit. I think she is thinking along the lines of asking my GP to change my night medication. I've been on it for nearly 6 years now so my body has probably got too used to it.
Xu B, Chia SE, Ong CN. Concentrations of cadmium, lead, selenium and zinc in human blood and seminal plasma. Biol Trace Elem Res 1994; 40 : 49-57.
What I have given, I have received.
For those who don’t know, this costume drama (set largely in 1930s Italy) stars Helen Hunt as ‘Mrs. Erlynne’, an infamous femme fatale who has burned all her social bridges in New York, and apparently set her sights on newlywed ‘Robert Windemere’ (Mark Umbers), who is holidaying in Amalfi with his sweet, saintly wife, ‘Meg’ (Scarlett Johansson). And here’s where we hit a rather subjective “plot hole” in my opinion: The audience (and supporting characters alike) are expected to believe that Robert could be conducting a secret affair with Mrs. Erlynne, and this implausible misunderstanding is the catalyst for the entire plot, prompting Meg to consider hooking up with Robert’s caddish chum ‘Lord Darlington’ (Stephen Campbell Moore)… but, c’mon, what man in his right mind would cheat on Scarlett Johansson!? Personally, I think Hunt was miscast to begin with, because she’s never been the sort of “sultry” actress that men tend to lose their minds over, the way everyone seems to in this film… but whoever they’d cast in the role, she would’ve had a hard time matching Johansson for pure sex-appeal (and this is probably the cutest she’s ever looked, with that curly blonde bob!) Even though you find out Erlynne’s real agenda soon enough, I think it rather undermines the suspense when the “demure wife” is so much sexier than the supposed mistress! It’s like making a movie of the David and Goliath story where the legendary giant is a foot shorter than his nemesis.
The pharmacy in NEMC is closed on Saturdays and Sundays.
And what is up next for me? Working on new designs to show in Paris and New York in January 2012. My collection is growing slowly but steadily and so is our client base. One can not conquer the world overnight although my impatient character wishes otherwise of course. Building a brand takes time, never losing confidence in yourself is vital, my road is "twisty and turny" and I hope that you are willing to bear with me during my bumpy despite my little disappearing acts. I am not making promises but I will do my best to suprise you with more frequent postings in the coming months!
"Janey!" they returned in unison and the three of us shared a big hug.
Fly Home :(
The boy nodded.
Live in peace, seek joy, and love others openly. In all actions that should be first and foremost. If what I do isn't creating peace, joy, and love, then I should not be doing it. It really is that simple. If my thoughts shift in focus, or get distracted by the many sad things in the world, then I'm not living in awareness. If I don't live in awareness I am not living a life worth living. I want my life to count, I want my actions to count.
They generously sent me a sample of each of their 3 GFCF bars to try.
Cravings: Not much....VERY hungry often...especially in the middle of the night, which contributes to the sucky sleep!
The podcast contains absolutely no sound effects, music beds under any talking, any clips of other audio, and I don't believe it even contains any cuts or edits, apart from the odd one or two. The 40 minutes of this particular podcast episode is simply the voices of Ricky Gervais, Stephen Merchant and Karl Pilkington who are just sat in a studio talking. The content of the podcasts are always hilarious anyway, but this episode focuses on a typical day in the life of Karl, so there seems to be something a bit funnier and attention grabbing about this one.
and you ain’t never gonna perform in Brissy .. the valley or Real talk..
My son wrote you a note guy
5/21 New York, NY - The Studio at Webster Hall
your sole concern seems to be harmony.
Now it so happens that Ms. Kroes attends Bilderberg almost annually, where she keeps close quarters with the queen. No wonder that she chose of the queen's offspring to become senior advisor at her office. Of all of the prime research areas the prince could envelop himself in, throughout his short career he specifically chose the subjects we identify with the worldwide surveillance grid and the New World Order: RFID tracking technology, a top-down controlled Internet and the promotion of more 'cooperation' worldwide through inflated transnational institutions.
Switch to the companion! Possessing nutritious sex is a good approach to handle the quantity of foodstuff you take in and it’s a strategy to get some physical exercise. Even though this will occur throughout as unorthodox, you may absolutely have some entertaining whilst functioning out.
4) Then a single coat of Rustoleum oil-based satin black paint. About 10-15% paint thinner should be added to work with your sprayer.
Julia has decent business acumen, and can perform adequately in many of the fields commonly occupied by female characters in Hollywood’s more lighthearted films – web design, for instance.
This is spot on. I am another Gray-Haired Geezer signing on. I will circulate this to other Gray-Haired Geezers – and everyone else – all over this once great county.
“Do you want to go home, Billy?” I asked
~ Stir in vanilla powder with milk until melted.
But it's at the very least an intriguing (at least for me, but I've been known as an idiot in certain circles) look into this seemingly quiet, toughman's creativity (?) and maybe even personality.
I also want to say a special thanks to Penny who totally baled me out of my posting time quagmire. Several of you (subscribers) commented that you weren't getting posts until very late at night or even the next day. I can relate to this, as I have the same problem with several of your blogs, but I had no idea how to fix it. Penny, bless her heart, worked google magic and found a link with step-by-step instructions that even I could follow :) A little experimentation may be necessary but I'm hoping the problem is fixed. Thank you, Penny :)
The clash of values involved in the euthanasia debate is between respect for life on the other hand and individuals’ rights to autonomy and self-determination on the other. People who reject euthanasia give priority to respect for life; people who support euthanasia give priority to autonomy and self-determination.
It has some of the cringe-inducing comedy of a "Curb Your Enthusiasm" or "Extras," but that's really just the beginning. Some of the best stuff on Louie isn't even funny. (An entire episode last year about a traumatic incident in Catholic school). Louie is like a Woody Allen movie, dealing with issues like aging, depression, the futility of love, the terror of fatherhood while finding moment of laugh-out-loud funny in there somehow. Louie C.K. is brilliant.
It seems to me that people from small towns can really be sticklers for that memory crap. So what if someone was a certain way in high school. Doesn’t what they do in their adult life count for something? I was one of the people who moved away, had a different life, then came back. Can any of us move on?
However, when I first downloaded it, it was very slow. I kept getting time out errors and the general response was poor. For this reason, EA pulled the app from the store so that only the players who had already downloaded the game could continue playing and have a better experience. This is a bold move, but probably the correct one as the game was nigh on un-playable. EA promised that this was temporary and that they would have the app back in the store soon.
Hope y'all could bear to read all of those answers, thanks for reading even if you made it through just a few! In order to pass this along, here are my questions and bloggers tagged. If anyone else wants to join in please do!
So hear, love’s nation
They shouted, reveling.
So even though the physical version might be a hard to find, titles can still reach UK readers.
Serena grinned. “I wrote these for you. I was going to burn them, because Krieg said that’s how you talk to the dead, but she was going to do it and she never did. Maybe she was going to actually give them to you.”
For a more dramatic centerpiece you can use the yellow Oncidium orchids shown here with fresh cut lemons in large square glass cubes. This photo show three cube vases lined up against each other and the yellow orchids with yellow lemons adds pizzazz and a very fresh spirit. The same idea could use limes, oranges, or other fruits. Mix and match colors to match your setting.
caught in a fire that consumes all
Add the egg and buttermilk to a medium bowl and beat until blended. Mix in baking soda, baking powder, salt and oil. Slowly add flour, as much as it will take to thicken. Do not over mix, you don't want tough pancakes.
Love the barstools.Very comfortable.We bought a new trailer and it had a bar so we decided to go with these barstools for our home.Great for if you want the swival also. We really enjoy drinking our coffee at our bar with these very comfortable bar stools we bought here for very good price than most places we searched..They are Black metal and have the soft cushiony seats and very easy to put together took about thirty minutes to get them put together and we were sitting at the bar in them.They took about a week to ship.
to afford this move, despite the fact that we absolutely HAVE to do
Yes, Puck is a fair weather doggy, but all this rain will bring lots of green soon. And in the spirit of the holiday, here's a simple and easy soda bread that makes lots of variations!
Be grateful for the rain that nourishes your soul.
into a shawl?
· With over 15 new styles, the line features metallic sandals, classic Mary Janes and several new athletic styles.
I covered the all in stickles, and they look ok in real life, but it looks a bit of a mess in these pics lol. I used icicle stickles because I couldn't find my star dust or diamond ones (think my girls have gone off with them again!!) and I really don't like them! The particles are too big and it all comes out in big blobs most of the time....or maybe that 's just the bottle I have lol.
Of course many interviewees will ask for a list of questions before hand, or you might decide to provide one to help them prepare. Whether or not this is a good idea depends on the situation. For example, if you will be asking technical questions which might need a researched answer, then it helps to give the subject some warning. On the other hand, if you are looking for spontaneous answers then it’s best to wait until the interview.
Enough of work.
we layed out on the beach there, took a little nap, waded in the water, walked through some of the shops -
Progression. It’s what the human race has always been about. Think of the path we’ve taken to reach where we stand today. We discover the wonders of fire. We invent the wheel. We make tools. Discover electricity. Buildings. Phones. Automobiles. Trains. Planes. Computers. Rocket ships. Remote-control operated anal beads.
07. Lust Worthy
The circle, leaves and flowers are cut using Doo Hickey dies from good watercolour paper. I have a heap left over from my pre-copic days. I just dabbed my green and pink ink pads on them and spritzed them with water so they had a light wash of colour. The paper is new Prima Spring Time and the large white flower is also Prima. The label shape was cut on my Cricut using the SCAL software and a shape from SVG Cuts.
Anyways, I hope you like it! :)
So did my soul, that still was fleeing onward,
Well, at least I posted finally.
“Because you’re the ultimate boy scout, Paradigm. And nobody trusts me less than you do. If you’re on board watching me with those super-eyes of yours and ready to twist my head off the moment I step out of line, then that cuts down on everybody else’s fears of me going rogue.”
The book got some notice (The Journal of Sex Research, some progressive political groups like Americans United for the Separation of Church & State), recognition as Book of the Year from AASECT (American Association of Sex Educators, Counselors, & Therapists), and enough sales that it was soon published as a paperback.
The Central Bank’s weekly Focus survey of the country’s leading economists from the bulge bracket in Brazil say GDP in 2013 will come in at 4.1%, down from previous estimates of 4.2%. This year’s estimate remains at just 3.3%, a stark contrast from 2010 China-style growth over 7%.
They didn’t laugh when I struggled to walk/run ONE mile. In under 15 minutes.
In our previous post, Using Net Promoter Score to Measure Social Media Effectiveness, we took a look at Net Promoter Score as a social media metric. In this post, we look at some other social media metrics, including Online Promoter Score.
*sigh* That Little Mermaid had a lot to answer for wanting to be on land. I guess the grass IS always greener.
And in close, or opening a noter section, here are 10 of the dubbed nicknames for some artists that you will recognize…..Agree or disagree, these nicknames and ID tags of sorts have been associated often with the follow artists.
Yep, you read it right, only 2 drops of the H2 in the window cleaner. I quickly tested this cleaner because, well my homemade stinky alcohol/vinegar window cleaner really works good even though it stinks. I did not think there was any way that 2 drops in that 16 oz bottle would get anything clean. I was wrong! I cleaned half of my big mirror in my living room with the Shaklee and asked my husband which side was cleaner (he did not see me clean with the Shaklee) and by far the Shaklee was clearer and brighter. I had no idea my stinky cleaner was streaking. I also put it to the big test of cleaning my laminate floors. I am telling you, NOTHING gets these floors clean without streaking.....until NOW!
I didn't realize this at the time, but the majority of this outfit is from Target.
Lauri Apple — Recently Lisa Beauchamp sued her employer, the Teamsters Local 150 in Sacramento, for sexual harassment after a union official said not-sexy sex things to her, touched her inappropriately, and traded massages with a group of “office party girls” during workplace functions. A jury found for Beauchamp, but dang—she lost on a legal technicality. Now the Teamsters’ lawyer is saying dumb things … as lawyers involved in these cases sometimes do.
4. A two-year-old child throwing a tantrum, who screamed one long, dramatic, drawn-out note so completely exquisitely that a crowd of people gathered around him, and applauded when he finished.
With a dozen different theories floating into the diplomatic arena concerning Palestinian statehood, one thing remains clear; human rights are still being violated in Palestine, and the longer the issue is stalled at the United Nations, the longer the unbearable suffering of Palestine’s declining population will continue.
Dawson, so the elderly house parlour-maid informed him, had been summoned to London on the evening of Mrs. Dawson’s departure. He had told her that he expected to be back within twenty-four hours, and, after leaving particular instructions about locking up the house at night, had ordered some veal cutlets and a rice pudding for Mr. Digby’s dinner on Friday evening. He had taken nothing with him, except a small portmanteau containing his clothes. Behind him he had left a letter, containing a postal order for two-and-six.
Buzzard chicks (Image John Black)
And then, of course, there was a whole bottle of sticky, syrup that had splattered on the cabinets, walls, refrigerator and for several feet over the floor, and on me, too. Glass had scattered several feet across the floor, too.
What I like: Easy to use. Responsive inking. Custom paper support.
a half or so after he met some ex of his in the Slimeshite (The Limelight) who took pity on him and brought him home to nurse him back to wellness, sorta like you would a wounded cat you'd found on the road.
Ugadi is a festival of all tastes called as Shadrachalu and for this Ugadi let us have a very different type of Obbattu. This is a spicy version of obbattu or even call it as a stuffed or vegetable paratha. Whatever the name may be but, this is definitely that you should not be missing to make. You can have it as snack or even as a meal . The flavor and taste that you get from the ground fresh masala makes it more appealing and tastier. You can feel it
6. Ensure the characters are relatable and engaging.
Etape 4:
First, It should be known that this album was recorded in 1977 but not released until 1980 due to RCA claiming it being "not commercial." Sacred Songs starts normal enough. Glammy 70s soul in the style of Bowie with those signature Hall & Oates harmonies that we all have grown up to love (or hate) so well. But something really weird happens halfway through track 3. The album is not normal anymore. Something alien occurs. Something takes it over and brings it to some other-worldly level of heaviness, beauty and weird that is ultra rare in music nowadays. Was it due to the undeniable influence majik and the occult had on the recording and writing process?
a well-lit path at the edge
On Thursday he began with sneezing. He is not necessarily the sort to direct that into his sleeve. On Friday he started sniffling and shuffling. I gave him Tylenol and vitamin C. By afternoon he was complaining of a scratchy throat so I gave him some honey and lemon drops with a topical anesthetic to soothe his throat.
My own, much more basic "Wikipedia the Game" is an attempt to help kids become more mindful and reflective about using Wikipedia. It is available as a FREE DOWNLOAD at my Teachers Pay Teachers store. It's also one of the activities in my "Info Bootcamp" unit. It simulates the element of chance in creating an article that can be edited and "improved" by anyone out there. It's only available for SmartBoard Notebook right now. It's best run as a full class activity. Play begins with a roll of a die. For each side of the die, a student has to do one of six things: either add their own fact, reveal a fact from a pile of useful information, reveal a fact from a pile of opinion facts, REMOVE something, or allow the hacker to add something by rolling the "hacker die." Game play can go on indefinitely but I usually limit the game to less than ten minutes. That is more than enough time to get my point across that there is some chance in how good a Wikipedia article is.
Toys ‘R’ Us employees do not actually set up the displays; they leave this up to the vendor, but they should be aware of the merchandise being sold in their stores nonetheless. These comic books are sold at the front checkout counters so they are highly visible to employees, managers, customers and children. Unfortunately, children are now being exposed to same-sex marriage in a toy store. This is the last place a parent would expect to be confronted with questions from their children on topics that are too complicated for them to understand. Issues of this nature are being introduced too early and too soon, which is becoming extremely common and unnecessary.
Of course Sam would know about jungle worms…
For the cake: Whisk together the eggs, egg whites, milk, and vanilla and set aside.
I have in my heart, the bus rides we took to go grocery shopping, because you did not have a car for yourself.
But, the Second Priority in True Biblical Discipleship should not be how to live as an individual Christian, but discipling the new Christian as quickly as possible into joining as a member with a biblically healthy local church.
9 too
When I was younger, my sister and I were fortunate to have two such spaces. One room was a storage room running under the eaves of our house that my parents turned over to us for a play room. We had shelves, a record player, and a dresser to stuff with our things. Toys remained strewn across the floor for weeks at a time. We also had a full, finished basement that was lightly furnished. It was an excellent space to get away from our parents’ eyes and have a pillow fight or eat a bit too much candy. It also gave our parents a place to send us when we got too rowdy upstairs in the nicer rooms of our house.
The crazy thing about this job is that I will spend the next two weeks running around like a maniac working to get our project to air, and then will promptly spend the following two weeks twiddling my thumbs. I’ll be aching for the frenetic pace of my days now, ready to pounce on any task that’s handed over. But right now, I just want to sleep in past 7 am. Please. That’s all I want. And of course a non-traumatizing Friday-night commute. Now that may be too impossible a feat.
DoctorMama! It's been awhile and we are so looking forward to seeing HB and joining in the birthday celebrations :) The invitation was adorable, of course.... I have a lovely blue spatula that I took by mistake in December and I LOVE IT! Where did you get it? I really don't want to give it back unless I can buy another - just feels that great in my hand! Hope you're enjoying the warm weather - it finally hit here and has been gorgeous the past few days. Getting our gardens in order and planting the veggie garden - all good things....
For the first time, Dwight described their audience in the language of partisanship. Previously, he had maintained that music lovers existed on a continuum of appreciation, based on education and prior experience, but always with the capacity for growth and further refinement. At this crucial moment, however, he recognized that alliances, whether voluntary or character-based, were being drawn. He hoped the next few months would “show that the ‘appreciating few’ fond of good music for music’s sake are not by any means so very few as it has been tauntingly and often said.” Dwight’s pessimism is epitomized by the fact that he dubbed those who appreciated “music for music’s sake” members of “the rival party.”
+ flowers for decoration
Right, this is too painful. I thought I'd be able to at least mock it.
And then, there was The Work. I found this part of Montessori practice pretty silly. The "rule" was that a kid could not just walk up to one of the shelves, pick up whatever interesting-looking thing was there, and start playing with it. A kid had to have a "lesson" in it. Like, the teachers were going to show kids the proper way to play with this thing. And then, the proper way to put it back. What the...? Show a kid how to play? That's like showing a dog how to eat! It's adults who don't know how to play, right? I got in trouble for this more than once because I negligently allowed some of my charges to play with the "work" without my having ensured their competence to do so. After all, think what might have happened. Wiser now, I shudder to think of the possibilities!
Fuller's most popular design, the geodesic dome, is everywhere -- from colorful versions on playgrounds to Montreal's Expo 1967 to Florida's Epcot Center. But the mechanics of his projects are less important to museum exhibit curator Jennifer Dunlop Fletcher than his broad vision and passionate belief that smarter design could help change the world.
Born in Iwate Prefecture, Japan, in 1970, Kikuchi graduated from the Tokyo ShashinSenmon Gakko (now Tokyo Visual Arts), with a degree in film and film art direction. Shortly after graduating Kikuchi became a freelance director.After working on several TV and movie productions, he joined Tsuburaya Productions and entered the world of special effects cinema. His special effects film debut was the theatrical feature Ultraman Zearth. From then on Kikuchi's association with special effects continued. He worked on the television series Ultraman Tiga as well as its follow up shows Ultraman Dyna and Ultraman Gaia. He also participated in the creation of the feature film "Ultraman Tiga and Ultraman Dyna," as well as the movies "Gamera 3: Return of Iris" and "White Out," two of Japan's most talked about special effects oriented films. It was through this work that he ended up at Toho company working on the film "Godzilla Vs. Megaguirus" as well as the following two Godzilla films. In 2002, Kikuchi was selected to direct the special effects for the film "Godzilla Against Mecha Godzilla," making his debut as a special effects director in one of the world's most prestigious film series. Since then he has worked on the Sunrise company's full CGI series "SD Gundam Force." Then he was once again called by his old employers, Tsuburaya Productions, to direct special effects on their 2005 release "Ultraman: The Next."
Expected publication: June 12th 2012 by Delacorte Books for Young Readers
Well girls we cant wait to see what you create, please make sure you link back to our challenge blog in your post when you enter or your entry will not be included in the prize draw also please remember to link your entry using Linkz with a direct link to your project not just your blog.
My own entry details my personal journey and hopefully sheds light on how I got here:
The same weekend the Texas State Meet will get underway with defending NXN Champion Craig Lutz of Marcus the overwhelming favorite. It would take an upset in the magnitude of Don Knott's knocking out Mike Tyson for anyone to beat Lutz in Texas this year. This was solidified by a 55 second victory on a slightly revamped Mae Simmons course. Who did he beat by 55 seconds? Only last years 5th place finisher at the State Meet and The Harrier pre-season All American, Donovan Torres of Lubbock Coronado. Lutz's Marcus team soundly beat favorite Southlake Carroll 33-68 for good measure.
CRAP… I just noticed I wrote march 18.. which would have been the day after Saint Patrick’s day which was around my last time I posted here before today… My Mind’s is all F’d UP… and I just noticed this as I was copying the links and freaked out with the mistake.. Ohh well at least You know they were BOTH made today.. FML… and as you heard on these recordings i am expected elsewhere and do not have time to re record or try and figure out how to redo the title as the title is in the link…
A WORD ON FORGIVENESS
I'm pleased I'm in here and not out there,
ROOFTOP FILMS PRESENTS
17.Make eye contact with everyone. If you are in a meeting or giving a presentation, make it a point to make eye contact with each one of the people involved (unless it’s a packed house and physically impossible to do).
8:37 Teddy didn’t actually say anything profound. Too bad; he had carte blanche.
However with the aid of technology we chatted to them all on skype and fondly remembered over the holiday period the special, loving and giving life of Irma. I think we all still had a fabulous Christmas and New Year and I am sure that is exactly what Irma would have wanted.
His actions, which would culminate in the Tiananmen protests three years later though he never formally participated in them, led him and his wife to take refuge at the US embassy.
Over recent weeks I have found myself in a very difficult position battling with authorities who I know are wrong (and will be proved so in court)but currently wield the power.
Farming or Pharmacy
Barrowclough: The word on the grapevine is that you can put your hand on what he hasn’t got.
And of course Jonathon’s character you feel pity as the future for the two are bleak. Secretly as the reader you want him to suffer as he was not able to stand up to his family and follow love. But as with all romances secret affairs will start and a blossom new beginnings will be on their way.
Director Choi Do-bin showed another side of being gay. That this person can still have dignity and still earn the respect of the viewers. I am one of those who feel for his character. Who can’t help but sympathize with him, a person who is longing to be loved. Although letting go is the hardest thing to do, I’m glad that he chose that path. I believe that’s one of the best way to show a person your love, giving that person happiness though it hurts in your part. At least Do-bin is not as selfish as In hee.
“There is laid up for me a crown of righteousness . . . and not to me only, but unto all them that love his appearing.”
1 : A Negative Work Environment
But God, You know that this is what I’m aching for
I was on such a deep strike that I was also on strike from clashing with authorities, which is something I do on a daily basis.
As for cuddling, “It’s not normal!
What Gussie lacks in athletic prowess, he more than triple his cuddliness. He likes nothing better than to curl up on the bed, lying next to me. The doggy version of spooning. The only soft puppy fur left on him is on top of his head, between his ears. That is where I snuggle with him and he will lay there till the next medic one siren blares through the hood. Gussie will then bound (yes, and trip) off the bed, run through the dog door to sound the woo-woo alert. Thank you Gus, we wouldn’t want to miss a single medic one run, even at 3 in the morning.
sodomized
I’m not her target demographic. I’ll be thirty-seven in May. I drive a mini-van. When I was her age, Grunge music was all the rage. I have the flannels and long-haired college radio DJ’ing ex-boyfriend to prove it.
FRIDAY – Cardio/Weights/Flexibility
Since Feb, I've been posting birthday celebrations and this is the last one for awhile!!!
The Keiths finally divorced and Slim lived alone for the
It took a minute before he could open his eyes again, and even then light was all prickle and heat. The grey shapes around him might have been the dark stone of the battlement and walkway, but he felt like he was standing on air with a wall at his back. Which way was up? The fragile image of the Court as a building shattered as Rel’s internal logic failed.
His stride is wildernesses of freedom:
The least final of all the destinations. Final Destination 5 ignores the previous movie's title reboot (surely this should have been called The Final Destination 2?) and continues the franchise as it's always been - this time with Tony Todd back whispering weird warnings at the film's ill-fated friends.
Little red cake: Apollinas makes cakes that are inspired by dresses (and sometimes shoes!), and they are amazing. Here is a Valentino little red dress in cake form.
The processes he uses to obtain such accuracy are rather shadowy, but - as Ring sagely remarked during the TV3 interview - nobody requires a tertiary degree of the Captain of the All Blacks, so why should he himself need one (or any scientific knowledge or credentials whatsoever) to act as an earthquake predictor?
I am very much connected to Internetworks these days. My friends are sending me every day new new links, and I am expanding my world too much. But yesterday one shocking video I saw. One married girl is thinking about those shame-shame areas of her body, that too while having coffee with her husband! Some animation is coming when she is bathing, showing all brown parts shining and becoming like snow-white, and then she is gallivanting like anything with the husband wearing chaddis. I was shocked. But my friend Kiccha is saying, “So what, there are so many fairness creams these days, and that too for different-different parts of your body: underarms, ears, elbows, teeth, brain, etc.”
He says, "It was nothing like that at all. I thought you were going to start making food after you got out of the shower and you never did. I got hungry and I needed to eat, so I figured I would make us supper. I also saw you glaring at me from the other room."
But I hope it's the trip of our lives! One that the kids will never forget. I know Elyssa won't remember it, but hopefully the rest of them will. I am even excited about the long drive. I remember when I was a kid and we used to drive 9 hours to Tennessee. Everyone complained about the driving time but I loved it :o)
Restoration Hardware
I couldn’t fit all the pictures of me/coffee in this 30-second video, but there are some of my favorites. Costa Coffee drinks make it in there a couple times. Oh, Costa, if you find this post somehow by your SEO magic, please consider bringing your wonderful cafés to America!
10.SLAUGHTER & THE DOGS - Where Have All the Bootboys Gone
The Nobel committee will honor this imprisoned hero by representing him with an empty chair at the presentation of the awards. He may not be there to accept it physically, but his absence will make him more powerfully present than anyone else who is there. It will speak volumes to the world, and hopefully, to the leaders of China.
I have a pinterest board called “the ocean”. It’s not clever, it’s not meant to be, it’s literally just pictures of the ocean. Or oceans. Water, blue, white, sky, blue, white. Figures, anonymous, definite but indistinct. Living between the sky and the ocean. As I yearn to do.
Here I am. T-minus 3 days until the family comes over for dinner. All three of them. Sometimes I wish an Italian family would invite me over for dinner. I'd bring a side dish and dessert. I'd love the noise and to experience having 20 plus people for a holiday dinner. So, where was I? As for me, I only need five place settings. Of course, that means lots of leftovers. That equates to no cooking for me, for a day...or two. For years, as soon as the turkey came out of the oven, I'd jump into making the gravy. It's a crazy time to do this, because all the other dishes are coming out of the oven, from the stove, and my guests are hungry. Finally, I read an article in a magazine about Make Ahead Gravy. Brilliant! I've been doing this for four years, and it's such a blessing. Trust me.
Gracie's file gave her this special need "megacolon". Her file stated that she spent the first year of her life in the hospital, but there a no medical records from this time at the orphanage. Her file stated that she was bowel incontinent and also had a low IQ test in it. I will not lie...her file was scary to me! I'm sure you don't remember, but we were racing her file with our paperwork. We did not succeed. She hit the list before we were ready, so the only way I could lock her file is if she stayed on the list for 30 days. This did a couple of things for/to me. First, I probably gained a ton of gray hair stressing over it. Second, it gave me 30 days to read her file and gather all the information I could gather. I did not think I could handle a bowel incontenent child, but I felt so strongly that she was supposed to be ours. I was really conflicted about it. During this 30 day period, I was able to ask questions of the orphanage. I got a picture of her nasty scar...right on her tummy. I also got the information that she was potty trained, but still wore diapers sometimes and that she pooped 5-6 times a day. Hmmm..... I was also able to speak to someone who had met her, and gave the report that there was nothing wrong with her IQ. Finally, as I read her chart for the 100th time, I looked at the date on it. It had been written on the day she turned 2. This gave me much peace. Wesleigh was turning 3 and still didn't have bowel control! I decided, that day...if she was still on the list after 30 days...she was mine...regardless! I now feel that this was all such a God thing. Her file, being so negative, served 2 purposes: she stayed on the list (even though her file was locked 3 different times), and it caused my faith to grow by leaps and bounds.
Much can be used with it. SIM locked phones work with only the cesana italy accommodation a cell phone rentals are all logged along with the cesana italy accommodation can lodge at during your vacation in Italy. There are over 30 of these conditions, holidaying in Italy section' that might interest buyers, but that was formed with the cesana italy accommodation of Italy. Some of the cesana italy accommodation of strength that went on inside, watched by 50,000 spectators around a central elliptical arena.. It is the cesana italy accommodation for the cesana italy accommodation who get lured by the cesana italy accommodation, the cesana italy accommodation and proclaimed himself king in 1805. By 1861 Victor Emmanuel ll, formerly king of Sardinia, had taken control of Sicily and Naples being dominated by the cesana italy accommodation of the most artistically rich countries in the cesana italy accommodation, these Italy honeymoon destination as the preferred investment destination, especially for British investors. In fact once your wedding in Italy section' that might interest buyers, but that was about all. However, this situation has modified drastically and no other hidden costs.
954 **D-X/24/1986. “Testimonials to Rome.” Classical Studies Department, Loyola University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1993(2), above, pp. 32-38.)
"I hate peaches."
Sorry for the long hiatus in posts on the blog, but I have returned from maternity leave and have lots of exciting things to blog about already. On the 28th January I travelled down to Leicester for a TeachMeet with a SEN focus. A TeachMeet is essentially a load of teachers (and other educators) getting together to talk about great stuff they’ve done in the classroom, often with technology, but not always.
Our regular monthly expenses, not including debt payments is $1,975.00. Right now, our income is negligible.
(No, I skipped nothing and yes, this is how quickly it happens in the movie...)
I recently got the chance to talk to Tony Sebastian Ukpo about his new film, ‘Paris 60′. Here, Tony talks about how the idea came about in the first place and which filmmakers have influenced him as a director…
There you have it! Hats off to Sam and all our entrants!
I know. A (cheese 'n') Picoult sandwich! What? Well, it made me smile.
This is a National Geographic video prepare to instruct students in what is a food chain and a food web, showing how living organisms interact and the importance of maintaining the natural way these organisms interact, explaining that breaking down this order will cause chaos. It also offers a quiz that may be used after watching the video that tests students in basic concepts such as the difference between consumers, producers, decomposers, omnivore, carnivore, herbivore, predator, prey and photosynthesis. Besides, some interesting facts appear between questions.
An AcArya is he who has not performed the brahmOpadEs’a but teaches the s’AstrAs in part or in full. s’rI kRSNA’s upanayana was performed by Garga, but his vidyAbhyAsa was given by sandIpaNi.
Although his season has been forgettable to this point, Kevin Harvick has a knack for Richmond. Starting third, tonight’s race could remind people who Kevin Harvick is. Don’t be surprised to see him lead a lot of laps tonight.
Absolut Berri Acai - 40%
While Bush's success dwarfed most of the punk bands,
The dad is tormented by his mobile phone,
However, when I'm on my home Wifi, I am never on Bluetooth. When I'm connected to Bluetooth, I'm never eager for a wireless connection.
I realized I had plenty of material and a subject matter that I loved. I started writing furiously. I wrote while I fed my baby. I wrote while my two-year-old and four-year-old napped. I bugged the crap out of all my book whore friends-- because avid readers make great betas. I asked for feedback from anyone who was willing to give it. I joined my local Writer's Association and started going to group meetings to get feedback from people who weren't my mother.
You are not some disinterested bystander.
Laura, Kyle and Sohpie book the first go-see, Pink Tartan. Sadly during the rehearsal Laura and Kyle get cut from the show saying they need more experience, which is most likely very true, and they are both great sports about it.
Then I get to mail it to New Zealand!
This is what I made.
32. Spark Plug Comedy routine
Banishment
But I’m a human being. And the things on my planner are meetings and social outings. I usually try to fit in my God-time around those meetings and social gatherings.
so after hot shower and doing pre-facemask, bb and I tried it out and it was amazing! took out (literally) hundreds of blackheads! with the blackstrips it's so much easier to see... results below xD
Since it is Mother's Day, we have put together a selection of pictures of remarkable women, whom Peggy has photographed on her travels, in the hope they will inspire you to write about the strength of women and/or the theme of motherhood.
10/5 - Columbus, OH - Newport Music Hall
Can't start the new year fresh without a new project, right?
This offer is only valid for brides who are planning a spring or fall 2009 wedding and is only applicable in domestic locations (US and Hawaii). In order to qualify for the promotion, brides must book their guest room blocks through e-Events, which may be used at participating hotels including Hilton, Conrad, Doubletree, Embassy Suites Hotels, Hampton Inn, Hampton Inn & Suites, Hilton Garden Inn, Hilton Grand Vacations, and Homewood Suites by Hilton.
The chemistry with which the characters engage each other is really fun to watch. Film director, Joss Whedon allows the audience to see the initial tension among the group, either from unfamiliarity or previous dislike. Thor (Chris Hemsworth) and Iron Man (Robert Downey, Jr.) get into one of the films best fight scenes after Thor abruptly takes his brother Loki from out of the ship. Captain America (Chris Evans) gets teased for being frozen in time for 70 years and being out of touch with the present. Soon they all realize there are no weak links in the team and they can rely on each other. Before you know it, Tony Stark and Dr. Bruce Banner are rapping physics formulas and Steve Rogers gains respect as a team leader. Each Avenger eventually gets equal opportunity to shine and increase their worth to the cause without overshadowing one another.
Ten Cents a Dance by Christine Fletcher
I guess I need you, baby
Happy me!
Only nine Muslims have every won a Nobel Prize, and five of those were for the "Peace Prize." According to Nature magazine, Muslim countries produce just 10 percent of the world average when it comes to scientific research (measured by articles per million inhabitants).
This week we are joined by our lovely Guest Designer
the thing i have to mull on is the neo-soul twee of it all. twee always makes me nervous. like privilege is gonna jump out the van and kidnap a brother. when i'm up in harlem i always switch from my twee hipster jams (like little dragon) to Sean Price (always Sean PEE!). I think it's just in case they randomly turn on the all-of-Harlem public address system and use my headphones for the audio-in, that's a tough look if you're bumping that Panda Bear. don't get me wrong, i think i could eventually pull it off. make some jokes. scarf down a bunch of Popeyes (talmbout, "See!") but it's not worth the hassle, y'know.
Some habit(s) will frustrate your purpose, let go of it (them)!
Once — after two of these laps — a kid riding a scooter at the park asked me how many laps I could do.
“After we got the loan guarantee, they were just spending money left and right,” said former Solyndra engineer Lindsey Eastburn. “Because we were doing well, nobody cared. Because of that infusion of money, it made people sloppy.” …
So, this is what my little sewing corner looks like now.
Well, Christmas has come and gone for another whole year and it’s hard to believe it’s almost 2012. We had a fun (albeit exhausting) time in our little household with Grace really being able to understand the whole gift giving concept and enjoying all the festivities that come along with this season. She was very disappointed though to discover that her Advent calendar had finished!
Getting a good channel position (a low one) for a network like QVC, for example, is crucial in terms of trying to get people to watch it.
Immediately spread the peanut butter spread over the pizza. Refrigerate for 20 minutes and spread the marshmallow fluff over the peanut butter. Take the halved marshmallows and place evenly on top of the marshmallow fluff. Sprinkle with peanut butter chips.
I think everyone has heard the saying "Necessity is the mother of invention." Well, this recipe is due, in part, to necessity. The other day I filled my crock pot with chicken and salsa, and turned it on. I was going to make a wonderfully creamy and delicious filling for tortillas. The chicken cooked in the salsa all day, filling the house with yummy smells. I pulled out the chicken and shredded it, put it back into the crock pot, and went to find the rest of the ingredients to make my chicken filling. There was just one teeny, tiny, HUGE problem. I somehow overlooked making sure I had everything I needed before I started cooking my chicken. I would have even been okay if I checked before I went to the store. But I didn't, so into the fridge my beautifully cooked chicken went. And sat. Awaiting for the chance to become dinner. Knowing I had to do something with it before it went to waste, I made this tasty casserole.
9. Jimmy Was a Stimulator
Just two weeks earlier the eight of us were a group of girls, eighth graders enjoying our friendships. It started out with three of us being close friends together. Julie. Tera. Me.
But a fair few have thought of using ‘Forward’ in their marketing campaigns before, including Chairman Mao Zedong, pictured above.
They are concerned that David Cameron’s coalition Government is doing nothing to prevent the sinister plot. The secret talks were uncovered by Independent Labour peer Lord Stoddart of Swindon.
Beat butter and sugar until light and fluffy (about 3 minutes on high speed). Mix in mesquite flour. Optionally, mix in milk a little bit at a time until the frosting has a consistency you like. Spread or pipe on cooled cupcakes.
*) Construct prayer facilities in public bathrooms at the University of Michigans Dearborn campus.
Addison could hear Christian in the background faintly, “Now for some desert. Come here.” Addison’s jaw dropped at the sound of his words, a giant O forming with her lips as she heard his devilish chuckle followed by a giggle from the woman holding the phone.
Or if you’re with a bunch of friends, you could just point right out at him, and all of you could burst out laughing. There are a lot of things you could do, and I’m sure you could come up with something just as nasty any day!
Surely Rangers and Hearts fans would be interested in scarves depicting the Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland. The Kirk might appreciate the publicity and, unlike the Papal version, fans would have to buy a new one every year.
She makes her way outside, then realizes that Candyman placed Anne Marie's baby on the bonfire. She climbs the mountain of trash to get the child, unaware that Jake is watching part of the climb. Since Helen is partially obscured by trash, Jake thinks that he's seeing Candyman, so he decides to set the structure on fire, to protect himself from the scary killer.
The truth is, if there were apostle pundits in Jesus’ day, many of them would have been scratching their heads even before Maundy Thursday. Tack on another 48 hours, and the hawks would really have been sharpening their talons.
I remember back in the day when I was a youngster trying to work my way into the A-merry-can political scene. I wasn't so much of an ideologue back then. My mind was pretty much still open to new ideas and ways of doing things politically.
Human Resources
Puay admitted to causing grievous hurt to then-19-year-old Darren Ng Wei Jie on October 30, 2010 between 5.30pm and 6pm.
I can't believe it is April already and Easter is this weekend...and my baby girl...my rainbow is 7 MONTHS OLD TODAY!!!
This is probably my last post of the evening, but I will be back tomorrow!
It was a beautiful, sunny morning, and several of my friends showed up all sleepy-eyed and ready to run. I don't know how many people were running and the results haven't been posted (Trea is super upset about this). There was no chip timing; just a spray-painted starting line and a kid taking our bib numbers when we came back for the finish. It was awesome. We only had a minute or two to warm up since we arrived just before it started, so I was standing at the starting line with chattering teeth and freezing fingers. Hard to believe that just a week ago I was melting!
Him: "Ouht Courssss, I'll just takke the sim."
Torrie
Enjoy your day :)
I decided to start small. I asked if I could speak with my Dad privately to avoid creating more scenes in front of the kiddos. We went into my Dad’s bedroom to talk, (the only room off limits to the kids because it is essentially a porn dungeon and who knows what they might find in there) and I began by asking to borrow some of his vintage erotica books for a creative project I’m doing with a friend where we combine spoken word vintage porn readings with funky beats for ultimate hilarity.
In 2006, VW was interested in purchasing Khazanah’s stake in Proton, but the plan hit a snag due to what some said was nationalistic interest.
This doesn’t mean that life may not present us with massive suffering. But we will reduce the extent to which we make this harder to bear for ourselves if we are sure that we did the best we could. And in this way, virtue reduces suffering, and produces happiness. While happiness isn’t the goal, it is what is produced if virtue is the goal.
I've heard that advice more times than I care to remember, but this book, Write is a Verb by Bill O'Hanlon goes a step further in giving options for getting the butt onto the chair and hashing out the words. The advice given in this book goes into the psychological aspects of making yourself get it done.
peacekeeping gained through the
There’s plenty of conflict here as Helene begins pushing her band away.
Three cups of tea and a coffee to keep me marking and I’m all done. yay.
This is why short form queries are so hard to write. You don't have time to explain or world-build. You have to entice your reader with very few words.
* Roll another 3d6. This number x5 is the number of years you lived in the Simulacrum after incarnating.
The events are being held with the help of the PDSA.
I took my sweet time and grumbled and groaned a little bit... yeah I'm cool like that, but I went out to see this.
“Pray tell, who’s at my door at this hour?” Father called out. There was no answer, only the rustling of paper and another few thumps on the door.
I thought for a long time that there was a good chance that they wouldn't even let me apply for the passports, me being a scary foreigner and all. I dropped into the passport office at the police station one grey day in March to ask that very question. The guy looked at me like I was more than a little bit soft in the head. "I don't understand," he said, "You're not the children's mother?"
Also, time to take stock of our canning supplies. Not sure what we’ll do if we don’t have enough. We stocked up on the rubber-lipped lids before the crash but that may become our next supply crisis now that we’ve lived through the Great Toilet Paper Outage.
Given the challenge of building such a large project, Gehry mused, "Then you start looking at how much of this should be background, which elements should have an iconic presence, which should be in between background and iconic, and how do you orchestrate a skyline that somehow makes sense?... We’re trying, I am trying, and you’ll still hate what I do, anyway." (At this point, no questions had been asked, and the only pushback Gehry had gotten was from the few people in the crowd who knew that the proposed site isn’t empty.)
But the mess, the thorough awful soaking bollocking mess of it was a little frightening. After a while it isn't the mirrors you worry about but the figure they show, the mind that is the source of the mess, the man who put the mirrors there in the first place then cracked them and splintered them.
The middle mass must have products that are at least perceived to be less costly, simpler and more flexible. This is not just about a cheaper product; more importantly, it should be about revealing the true value proposition of the financial transaction.-+
If you don't have a collection of Muybridge's photos of animal locomotion (both series above are from his work) you ought to get one. Much of what there is to know about animals can be gleaned from looking at how animals move and asking yourself why they move the way they do. This is far more valuable than any book about drawing animals can ever be. That's pretty much how I learned all that I know about animals and I'd say it's served me okay. Looking at an animal and figuring out why they evolved the way they did based on their behavior is a great exercise and there are very few books that bother to do this (if you know of one, let me know).
Like for instance, did you know that Shakira was chosen to record the 2010 World Cup’s official song? You totally didn’t. I’m not even sure that Shakira knew. “Are you sure?” –Shakira. There was apparently a big controversy about the fact that a South African artist was not chosen to record the song, but I’m sure that has nothing to do with the cultural hegemony of a country that only cares about soccer once every four years, when it’s commercially viable. Nope, definitely not that. I’m guessing that there are actually no musicians or recording artists in South Africa or of South African descent. It’s basically Footloose over there, I’m like totally sure.
Among other things it found was that church officials, bishops, and lay people were aware of the evil going on in the church and church institutions, but failed to take action
In compliance with 80’s horror movie rule #4589 there are a lot of naked chicks on this movie. There is this one really random sequence that has a girl caressing her boobs for what seemed like forever! They don’t even show the actresses face, they just focus on her cleavage as she strokes it for minutes on end, then she proceeds to go out of her room and kill her dad with an ashtray! That’s the kind of movie this is ladies and gentlemen! The kids evil acts begin to escalate in nature until at one point, the teachers pet tries to give the teacher a blow job! When he refuses, she transforms into a cheesy puppet creature! And then the teacher tries to fight it off with a tennis racket! Like I said, this is a movie with people fighting puppets. It is kind of hilarious to see the actors going for it, trying to believe they are fighting a real thing and not some lousy, low budget hand puppet. And speaking of the actors, some of the them look like they are reading their lines from a card board! To top things off, the teenagers are played by actors who are obviously NOT teenagers!
Limping around the house a day later, I came up with “Kick Your Ass Yoga.” Joke aside, I’m still attending. I found the “second best” teacher in my gym, whose single class is not so full and who is closer to me in age. She’s not the least interested in her resident “cripple.” In my baggy sweatpants and tee shirts I’m likely an embarrassment among all the bendable Lycra Ladies in proper yoga garb. Despite that, and a rise in my daily intake of ibuprofen, I go and follow her instruction as fully as the body Nature gave me can.
Test your abilities by taking on the Tri-Eagle Challenge during summer-term A or B. In order to complete the challenge, participants must cycle 100 miles, walk or run 26.2 miles, and swim 2500 yards. Complete the challenge and win a prize.
There is a reason God wants us to Rise and Go. Our job from the very beginning was to Rule, Reign and have Dominion (Adam’s job). We can’t do that if we sit and stay. We have to know God’s Word…to know what He wants us to do!
22. “The Other Woman” by Ray Parker, Jr. – “Who ya gonna call?” Well, if you’re Ray Parker, Jr., you’re obviously going to call the other woman. He messed up by falling in love with her, though. If you’re looking for a song filled with begging, pleading, and remorse, this ain’t the one for you.
Perhaps this post can help you think of something to do with whatever meat you have available that day. Jog your memory easily! Be sure to add a fish category if you like fish, and change the ideas for your family's likes.
"I saw a pencil Roll off my easel and I decided to get out of there"
And for the gardener this year, The Heirloom Life Gardener book and the Heirloom Gardener magazine...I think their photography is amazing! I am looking forward to all of my new lessons this year and waiting to see what Yah has to show me.
Lionsgate’s The Hunger Games film has found its Haymitch Abernathy. Woody Harrelson has landed the coveted role of Katniss Everdeen’s mentor in the upcoming big-screen adaptation of Suzanne Collins’ bestselling novel. — HollywoodReporter
Oil for cooking, veg. or canola is best for this.
- Suspected socialists or communists behind the door since you cannot bring in money
I tend to buy more clothes for fall and winter than I do for spring and summer, but I have been eyeing some super cute shoes and clothes for the upcoming seasons.
GF Reduced sodium tamari (about 1/4 cup)
Well I guess Pat has been successful in luring me into the Sassy Cheryl world, after I see her amazing cards, I aways say I have to hop on over and buy some. Well last week and this week I finally took the plunge and bought some of her adorable images. I have so many December and January birthdays coming up and literally no more birthday cards I decided to take advantage of my day off and make a card using this adorable image from Sassy Cheryl called Sassy Cheryl and her Perfect Bear Gift which you can find HERE. I am making this for my Best Friends daughter Jessica's birthday who like my niece share a birthday on December 26th. I thought I would also use this months colors over at The Ribbon Girl which is White and Pink a perfect choice for girls.
There is a predatory element among the newcomers and they see us differently from the way they look at their own people, so they do not feel guilty about exploiting us. They view us in a similar way to how we viewed them when we went into their countries: as pushovers and a source of advantage.
TIP 1. Gaining the carbon Trust Standard is also a worthwhile activity. Again, Manchester United placed a big emphasis on this and has reaped the benefits.
The two-and-a-half hour “Boyz Night Out” concert is slated to be a K-pop dance and musical extravaganza.
You know the Aga Khan
Quilting: Free Motion Quilting, echoing the rows inside and out, with some straight line quilting around the edge, using a variegated rainbow thread made by Superior.
i don't know if any other bloggers are like this...it seems like when i have the time to sit down and write a blog post, i have absolutely nothing to say. but when i have tons to blog about, i don't have a second to sit down at the computer--go figure!
John Hurt, Alan Rickman, Jeremy Irons, talk. About anything. Really. Recite your latest grocery list.
What did I do with these two deals? BUY LOW, SELL HIGH. Altuve may be good, but probably not this good. Lohse is solid but lacks in Ks. Middlebrooks has been great so far, but hamstring issues and the lingering return of Kevin Youkilis don’t forecast many more at bats for the young fella. Bautista and Gallardo are talented players that have had bumpy (but not completely terrible) starts. I fully expect that they will each come up with a nice month or so and get back to their baselines. Plus I get Joyce back (I let him go earlier this year) and he’s a great piece of trade bait.
Although Di Matteo says that questions as to whether he will be given a long-term contract to manage Chelsea at the end of this season are “irrelevant”, he commended the Football Association for appointing Roy Hodgson as England’s manager. “Roy is a gentleman, a very good coach and a very good manager,” said Di Matteo of the man who replaced him at West Bromwich Albion after he was sacked in February 2011. “England would be a difficult for anybody but I think he’s got all of the experience that you need for a national team. He has got results wherever he has been. I don’t know about public opinion but among his fellow professionals he’s very highly rated. He’s a fantastic manager.” Read More
and I really thought this kit was more basic
He says has received 7 acceptance letters, but five are from "self-publishing companies." (Which are not actually "acceptances," but rather sales pitches.)
Skeleton found by brothers
“We are aware of instances where people who no longer live at an address are still being sent postal votes and their votes have been cast. We are also aware of instances where postal votes have been collected from voters. “Similar activities are occurring in Weavers ward, where a by-election will be held on May 3. Other elections are also due and their integrity may be compromised.” And just what do TH have to say about it?
Ugochukwu, otherwise known as Peter by his cliques in the area, was said to have left his mother, identified as Cecilla, to work in a Lagos hotel at the age of 12.
If democracy is to work, political representatives must not only be formally installed in government posts but must in some sense gain control of large-scale bureaucracies that constitute the modern state. (p. 4) A commitment to the orderly transition of governmental control via elections necessarily means that those in charge will change (p. 109):
And the tears come streaming down your face
You're like an ocean
Hopefully the strangest thing to happen this week is that NC State beats a #2 seed in basketball.
Was it via telepathic mind control, or perhaps via establishing an energetic “atmosphere” around the world or in certain regions so that groups like those would tend to flourish?
Upon magellin’ hair
And my new hare scissors are pictured here with all the stitching I've done. I'm working on that bonus block for AOTH. It doesn't look like much, but I stitched that right hand border twice. You know, because I could.
Have a blessed and super creative day!!
From the back cover: Dear Customer: Every MODERN SOUND album is a quality product. Do not be misled by the low price. The note goes on to assure the buyer that Modern Sound uses the same musicians as the folks who make those silly high priced records.
I DON'T KNOW WHY , But i do !
Avery and I made a special banner to celebrate the start of the school year.
/opt/VRTS/docs/vxfs_ig.pdf
So today we’re talking a bit about the arts in a capitalist system. I know, it sounds all academic, but really it’s what the whole “Bioware doesn’t owe you, the gamer, anything! The ending they made is their artistic vision!” boils down to.
I hope this fab space adds a little inspiration to you, I myself is having problems with one of my dick drives as I cannot access the files from there and I'm really hoping that tomorrow I'll find someone who can help me fix my problem.
Government Ministers usually see Swale as an outpost – if they have heard of it at all. One reason is the name Swale which is also a river in Yorkshire. No one locally says they come from Swale. Yet we expect others – who hold the purse strings to valuable resources we want – to work this out.
If you want to do it in Dollars or Pounds, they will show you everything on the screen. So you pick whichever group you want to belong to.
19. You know, you might be asked to leave soon. You’re making the other women look really bad.
pinch cloves
I'd also be interested in your go-to recipes. I'm planning to cook about 3-4 meals a week, and grocery shop on Saturday mornings. Is that what you do? I like to have a fridge full of food for the weekend so I don't get that blank look from my hubby when he opens the fridge door:)
The Saga of the Georgia Peaches highlights our muddled thinking on this subject. Following the passage of a strict anti-illegal worker law in Georgia, peach-growers suddenly found themselves at harvest time without their usual work force of illegals. ‘See why stopping illegal immigration is a bad idea,’ they all sung, ‘now y’all are gonna have to pay more for peaches at the supermarket!’ Ignoring for a moment that all these growers had been committing a federal offense, the sky isn’t really falling.
Day 7 – Porongurup National Park and a return visit to Torndirrup National Park
Kristina "absolutely loved this cake. Soft, fudgey, moist, and delicious. The mousseline’s not necessarily my favourite buttercream, but it compliments this cake well. This is definitely on the “will bake again” list. I might just have to see how it does in a larger size for a party cake, too."
Someone will show up on our doorstep asking politely instead of trying to get leverage by kidnapping someone or trying to take supplies from us by force. Unfortunately, now, we don’t have the excess to share without running short ourselves. It would be heart-wrenching to turn away a family with starving children, but we’re not running a care center here. This isn’t a food pantry.
What are your tips and strategies?? I’d love to hear them!
4) The average dairy cow weighs 1400 pounds...I'm sorry to say I'm pretty close to that...(see #2 above)
Reed explains the Workshop is a “one-on-one evaluation” of marketing oneself to the film and television industry. The workshop will cover such topics such as how to submit professional “eye-catching” resumes and headshots, scene evaluations, actor representation, etc.
When you compare the nutrition facts and ingredients on the cans of the top two colas in the world you notice they are almost identical; however, the formula for each of the top two colas is still a secret, much like the formulas for each brand of cigarette. But here is a major difference, colas must list their ingredients and nutrition facts on the container. Cigarettes have never listed their ingredients on a carton or a pack. In fact, it wasn’t until 1994 that a list of 599 cigarette additives was received from the tobacco companies. If ingredients had to be listed on a pack of cigarettes in such a way they could be read, any graphics and logos would no longer be used because there wouldn’t be room. Listing ingredients is one way for consumers to make a choice whether or not to buy the product.
I also managed to get a Rugby themed stamp for Chris and his mates which was a result - Football (or Poofball as it is called in this house) is easy but Rugby less so. I added to my "Crafyt Individuals" collection, although I ended up buying a whole A4 set of stamps purely because I liked just one of them.
Estimated Time:
Nothing appeared to be broken, but he couldn't answer my questions appropriately. Things just didn't seem right with him, so off to the hospital we went. Long story short...he suffered a skull fracture with bleeding on his brain and a severe concussion. We spent two long and worrisome days in the hospital before they thought it was safe to let him go home.
But now, this morning, dreadful news. Tropical storm Thomas combined with a low pressure area over the Caribbean sent driving, torrential rain over the country in the night and this was the straw that broke the camel's back...at least it was in the village of San Antonio de Escazu in the hills above the capital, San Jose.
I actually started writing more here to catch you up on what we've been up to, but it ended up being too long. I saved it and will post it tomorrow. I'm probably what you would call a "lazy reader" yet I can't ever stop rambling. ha!! So I'll try not to write too much in one post.
Jennifer Coolidge is one of my favorite actresses so I was really excited when I heard she was going to guest star. While I didn’t love (or hate) the character, I still thought Jennifer was funny. I also like how they expanded the world of the characters this episode. The diner scenes are pretty terrible, so a chance to see the girls interact with other characters besides Han, Oleg, & Earl is much appreciated. I didn’t think this was their best episode, but it was far from their worst. So what did you guys think of the episode? Leave your TwoCents in the comments below!
Dennis Dunaway-bass.
I was looking for a photograph that meant something more than re-visiting the past when Len Prince sent me this picture. It's an iPhone snap of a contact sheet that he had never tried to print or publish but ten years later the picture makes a lot of sense.
This classy black dress has a sequin beaded faux surplice V-neck and a banded empire waist for figure flattering.
Spoken within the immanent beyond or present al di là of mystic identity, commentary’s non-linear boundary refuses the interminably human correlational conflation of horizon with the limit of vision and dynamically establishes the one thinking within the speculative reality of essential mirage. Essential mirage is the space of vision beyond the visible by means of visibility’s inherent deceitfulness. It is the real illusion that consists in seeing through the fraud of givenness according to the very twist of the given. Just as a mirage phenomenon may bring within seeing something outside of one’s line of sight—allowing, for instance, a mountain beyond the horizon to appear above it—so essential mirage is a shadowing forth of the Real beyond thought via thought’s own distortion and
“I hope this conference will pave the way for establishing peace in the Muslim countries and globally as well,” he said.
Shocking to say the least. I had no clue that all of these symptoms were involved! I have had so many of these, and it hit home with me. The neuropathy, stomach problems, muscle pain, neurological issues, and of course the dryness. My doctor seemed to make light of the Sjogren's and so I didn't give it a second thought. It's a wake up call to me now that I should research something when a doctor mentions it, or diagnoses me with something. A friend of mine is dealing with complications from this disease, and is slowly on the mend. It was great to see you last night Dave. Brenda too! Thanks again for the scrumptious dinner and red velvet cupcakes which were divine! Love you both!
1/27 vs. Indiana, W 94-87 (W +4), Over
I am determined to complete the A to Z Challenge. Life has gotten in the way for my Q, R and S posts, though. So, I'm writing very brief ones and even recycling an old post from February of 2010.
Still, there are certainly more than enough people out there who will tell you that co-sleeping is a bad idea. In fact, both The American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP) and the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) warn that infants (under one year) should not co-sleep with their parents. Their reasons vary somewhat, but in general they boil down to concerns about the risk of suffocation and SIDS. To be sure, suffocation and SIDS are tragic and the risks should be taken seriously. There are many things that could go wrong; a baby could fall of the bed or get caught in the headboard, they could suffocate in loose bedding, or one of the parents could roll over onto the baby. These happen, and not just to babies with inattentive parents. Of course, the first two happen with babies in cribs as well. And the third is often caused by parents who have been drinking or taking drugs.
complex character. The church and the whole Catholic Church bit is all about Don Alberto’s modus operandi. Yes, there is a veil of Catholic values draped over the town, and to save the children from corruption – which we see they are on the way to being with the smoking and desire to peek at prostitutes, and possibly masturbate at the same time – Don Alberto saves their souls by murdering them. Then in the last moments of the movie, good Old Catholic guilt comes over him and he takes his own life… ironically as suicide damns the deceased to an eternity in purgatory.
After an hour of this the crowd began nodding as he spoke and calling out encouragement.
After all that, I have to say I think I enjoyed the baths much more in my heightened sense of stress directly prior to sinking into the warm water. We loved the baths and can see why the locals frequent them. As far as our issues went, it just goes to show you that even the most prepared tourists will face challenges traveling. Anyway, it’s the awkward and difficult experiences that make the best memories in the end. Does anyone have an awkward tourist moment to share? I’d love to hear it!
The other day this lady who was my boss called me to check on me. We had a good chat. It is great to be able to see that there are still people worth knowing.
After an incredible lunch with a surprise guest, it was time for photo ops. Originally, I’d planned on using my VIP voucher for a free photo op with Tom Savini. I mean, he’s Tom Savini for crying out loud! My point n’ shoot had crapped out before I went to the con and I’ve since replaced it with a camera that has a viewfinder on the front as well so I didn’t get any photos with anyone at the tables. My next con or event, whenever that will be, I can take photos and not worry that most people really don’t know how to take pictures (not to mention that I’m pretty picky.) I found out for sure that Savini had to cancel due to car troubles which was a bummer...maybe the third time our paths cross will be a charm.
Permission to crosspost to any and all lists.
Seek a ‘YES ‘ in their ‘NO’
Do any of the above we’ll keep you around no hesitation. But for those women with morals keep reading…
It all just is. All there is, is for life, the dream, to continue to happen while it continues to happen, and for all there to be acceptance of what is, in an attitude of overwhelming, outpouring Gratitude. To be in Compassionate openness in the Sat Chit Ananda, to the Being-Compassion-Outpouring Bliss. To rave with Rumi and Hafiz and Eckart. To be in love, in the Beloved. There is nothing else. What else can there be?
So it’s hard to feel bad.
It may not have been good enough to feature in the Bristol Beer Factory Homebrew competition, but my American Brown Ale has a cousin. A dry-hopped, cask conditioned version.
Now excuse me while I go cry in a corner, once I've tidied the lounge room of course!
Knocking your enemies off a ledge to their deaths in PvE? Also good, but keep in mind, you might want to loot that body, ya?
Stand up my ear fuzz
all who keep the Sabbath without desecrating it
I’m just trying to make myself a little happier and
Jonathan Newhouse (of Vogue’s parent company):
I’ve written by this ocean, I’ve studied – I’ve crammed for exams – near this ocean. I’ve put interviews together, brainstormed ideas, daydreamed about the future, edited pieces, made life changes sitting by this ocean. And today I say goodbye to it. Goodbye to what it taught me. Goodbye to the patience it brought me on hectic days, days I was running on very little sleep. Goodbye to the entertainment it gave me between classes. Goodbye to the creativity it inspired while I sat watching. Watching the waves, watching the sailboats, watching the kayaks. Some days I was alone, others there were other singles sitting near doing the same thing. Studying, lunching, working, daydreaming. This is the ocean that comforts me. This is the ocean that makes me feel home after I was gone for so long from this campus. This is the ocean I’ll always remember.
The big word I use most is ‘tautological’. This is the best one in the English language, as no one has any idea what it means, least of all me.
yet we still remain
Riding carrousels
“I couldn’t understand this two-fold logic that the grown-ups had. One that applied to them – they didn’t want to be answerable to anyone – and the other that applied to us – we had to answer them every single time.”
Presumed into conclusion
The greater the number of sperm donors, the more active the SSF (because there is more sorting to do.) The more active the SSF, the more fertile the woman will be. Fertility is directly related to SSF activity.
Thanks for stopping by today. Have a great Mother's day!
pomegranate’s red flowered,
This image is a window in the house next door, I am fascinated with reflections and so I snapped this one awhile back. I enjoyed it immensely at the time.
In the traditional environment, buttered veggies would best accompany this dish. Yummy goodness.
Robert and I also put together a gift for AJ with a special Princess Disney book that Robert recorded on for AJ. (From the card section at the local drug store.) It is the perfect story about how she is a special princess. I couldn't believe I found it! We also bought her some lanyard pins and travel fun things and new PJS. This girl is READY TO GO!
Several days ago, I read a post by Les over on Bestbathroombooks. Les, in accepting the Glitter E. Yaynus award, wrote what I consider to be the best ever blog award acceptance speech. I even commented on his post that I thought it was the best ever blog award acceptance speech, thus making him the most deserving blogger for my No Bunny Does It Better Award that I recently created in my post that was an homage to the weird and wacky blog awards that abound in blogland. I urged him to steal the No Bunny Does It Better Award and wear it with pride or maybe just a t-shirt and jeans. In truth, I left off the ‘wear it with pride or maybe just a t-shirt and jeans’ but that is because when I made that comment I clearly was functioning on more sleep and less caffeine than I am as I write this.
I'll tell you a secret. I'm still tremendously a little nervous about the idea that this book is going to be published soon and available for anyone to read. Part of one of the prizes offered in the Favorite Character Blogfest is an ARC e-copy of this book. I believe in these characters and I'm super excited to share this book with you, but at the same time, I may have felt the need to go breathe into a paper bag. I've never felt quite that way before with my previously published books. Every book is a new and different learning experience, that's for sure.
In teh end success depends on your ability to execute!
a new voice comes
Never forget our soldiers. Those who are deployed and those who are stateside.
SHOWS THAT GOT AHEAD OF THEMSELVES BY SCHEDULING COMIC-CON APPEARANCES, CREATING A COMIC BOOK AND ALL BUT DECLARING THEMSELVES ‘THE NEXT BIG THING IN GEEK CULTURE’, BEFORE DEBUTING, SUCKING AND THEN DISAPPEARING WITHOUT A SINGLE GEEK SHEDDING A SINGLE GEEK TEAR:
Perform Pipe Stress Analysis to ensure the pipes are routed within allowable stress limit.
Brooks: in the 1960s kids smoked pot and said
I have a lot of items on eBay now because I need to downsize some of the massive amount of stuff that I have in my home. The unfortunate thing is that I'm not selling much. I'm assuming a lot of it has to do with the economy. Maybe other people trying to sell things on eBay aren't selling theirs either. I really need the money. This living from paycheck to paycheck stinks and really wears on my nerves. I'm trying to downsize because I'm supposed to be getting my house ready to put on the market so I can move in with my significant other of 18 years. I have 25 years of stuff that I need to downsize to be able to move in with him into a house that's 125 years old with one closet on the first floor that's about 15-18 inches wide... It's more than overwhelming. But my bills are suffocating me and we're paying 2 mortgages for 2 homes and 2 sets of utilities and all that goes with having 2 separate homes. I just need to get motivated to get everything ready to stick a sign in my yard that says FOR SALE. Overwhelming barely touches how I feel.
On the funding issue, similar attempts in Texas, Kansas and Indiana have resulted in litigation.
In order to put the number of vacancies in perspective it is necessary to examine these vacancies in the context of the number of trademark applications filed, oppositions hearings and the Rs. 70 crores of surplus revenue generated by the TM Registry.
13:42.2 James Rotich 1979
- Lil Nette
I haven’t lost a toenail or had bloody toes since my dancing years as a Ballerina.
The recent BBC series, ‘Reverse Missionaries’, was quite a hit!
As you can see, following these steps to the letter results in a pillowy, light, airy souffle that rises high above the rim of the ramekin. You'll want to present and eat them fairly quickly once they are out of the oven; they do deflate dramatically after about 5 minutes.
Thinking about herself, she also thinks about how people will react if they found out she was Sofia. Does it make her a tramp for dating 12 men in a single year? The way Mi Roo judges her mom and herself is heartbreaking. I disagree with the fact that all women lose their identity once they marry as it doesn’t have to be that way. For her mom, perhaps that is what happened but filling out those forms is path to a new life.
If you can't see where I'm going with this I'll just get to it; it's a tale surprisingly familiar to a few secrets and rumors I've heard about the lolita community. You see lolita, such a different and unique fashion and want in. Good intentions and a decent co-ordinate and you're sure to make friends! Until you post online and suddenly it's 'fatty, learn to coordinate, no brand, ita, bad hair, learn to photoshop etc. etc.' Eep! So you step up, buy the brand, do the makeup, start a daily blog even! Then the compliments start coming in, and you're not being gossiped about; excellent but hey...look at that newb! Don't they know lolita is no place for guys? And they're too poor for brand!? Whatever, you saved up, so can they! Best tell others so this person gets the message...
The lasting memory at all clear,
And we’re also working on the other end of the spectrum. There’s food, and there’s movement. That’s what the “Let’s Move!” piece is about. We need to make sure that our kids are getting the physical activity that they need to stay healthy. The recommendation is that kids get 60 minutes of active play every single day. And when we were growing up, that was just hanging out. (Laughter.) Now, it’s to save their lives.
I wish this were a joke, but far, far too many folks in this country actually have this mentality. When the hell did "free speech" mean someone else had to buy you a microphone, printing press, space in the newspaper, or provide you with an internet connection free of charge?
I have a special guest on my blog today! His name is HT Night and he's an indie author of paranormal romance. I think you all would really enjoy his books so I wanted to get him on my blog! So, without further ado...here's HT!
I will admit that placing 11 on the top of the list after only a single season may be premature. However, he is the Doctor of the moment and he is the Doctor who I am most enamoured with right now. Whose character I am interested in seeing evolve.
A. Age: 31
International regard In general, photographers do not make photobooks all by themselves. Most photobooks arise out of a collaboration with a graphic designer, an author, a publisher and a printer. The interchange between photographer and designer, the convergence of their disciplines, make the photobook an interesting artistic and cultural phenomenon. And even while the latest generation of photographers are embracing the photobook enthusiastically as an important artistic expression and experiment extensively with it, academic and museal appreciation is growing. The Dutch photobook has built up a good reputation in this rising international interest for photographic publications. Many photobooks from The Netherlands are already included in the collections of foreign museums and private collectors. The Netherlands has a long and internationally unique tradition of collaborations between photographers and graphic designers, in which writers and printers also play a large role. In the period after 1945 it was especially the close cooperation between graphic designers and photographers that was definitive for the high quality of Dutch photobooks.
There's more to come but I realize that this is already a long post. In my next post, I want to look at the good and bad effects of books, computers and video games.
I carried on, heading up Industrial Avenue to Innes, and then along Innes to Green's Creek where I stopped to wipe my glasses. The fog had coated them with fine droplets. With my sight a little more clear, I looked around. The sun hung like a shrouded lamp over the horizon, and a white-tail deer browsed placidly in an old field.
2. We elect a U.S. Senator for how many years?
Me: Um, er... it's about....
“Just asking,” he said.
Republican voters are hungry for someone who unabashedly opposes the size of the federal government, the billions it borrows and wastes every day, the funding of Planned Parenthood, and comparable issues. They want to build a great big fence on our Southern border. They want us to drill for our own oil.
The Atlanta Journal-Constitution
Mom: He’s not going to turn off his computer every time.
Like the inverse of the previous point; having a negative attitude attracts negative things. This is what we do when we get mad about things not going our way, and chances are, our madness is just a selfish reaction. Just get over it, and act proactively to get things rolling.
Surely there has been enough killing, somebody just has stop this before we all wipe ourselves out, are we all insane ?
It’s far from competing with the likes of the Asus Transformer Prime or the new iPad, but as a budget option, the Acer A200 doesn’t do much wrong.
alone in the near-empty room. Cold, toys strewn; noise. Thud, thud, thud the beast
We’re both very fortunate in having husbands and partners who earn a decent wage and, while our labor is necessary to the family income, it is not the primary or exclusive one.
Matt met us at the mall after work and we all headed home. As soon as we got inside, Ryan didn't waste any time in his new shoes, taking a breather in his armchair to dive into that new book!
Last night was my second visit to the food bank, and I got there about half an hour after the doors opened, to avoid The Sermon. I arrived late enough to be near the end of the line, and the need was so great this week and there were more families with young children needing help, that the shelves were nearing empty by the time my number was called. That’s the trade-off, I guess. But, the good thing is that the young families, who have many mouths to feed, were served well, as it should be.
- sentiments stamped using the same subtles SU ink spots colours, love how well the inks match the card
“Please leave me alone, you terribly clueless doting weirdo.”
"Where are you going?"
That surges forward
Rennie plays Klaatu with all the upright dignity of a being who takes his work seriously, but has no regard for the planet he’s been called upon to help. He’s polite, but smug. We forgive him, because he’s committed to ending our many conflicts, which he terms ‘childish jealousies and suspicions.’ Indeed, the blunders of humanity are on display: Klaatu is variously suspected of Communism, stifled by cloddish bureaucracy and vilified by a histrionic press. He’s even shot. During a day trip with nine-year-old Bobby (Billy Gray), Klaatu visits Arlington National Cemetery, where Bobby’s father rests, along with thousands of others. Then they observe the saucer, which has been turned into a tourist attraction. Most damningly, they read the inscription on the Lincoln Memorial, leading Klaatu to lament that no such man exists today. Humans, apparently, cannot learn from even their own great examples. Everything Klaatu sees elicits another, regretful, shake of the head.
Ruthless People
But what is with that? He said he was mad because I "told " him I was going before knowing he was working. My thoughts are what does it matter if he is working or not, I still need the break! I was 99.9% sure he was working anyway! I think he forgets that I am his girlfriend sometimes......not his wife. Even if I was his wife I would not feel inclined to ask him for permission.
Me: So, how’s it going with the girl you’ve been dating?
"I do like it," Jessica sighed. "It's just...it's just not enough, you know what I mean?"
In between diverting accounts of his peregrinations, Obadiah Mailafia drew on his prodigious learning to provide first-rate analysis on global politics and economics and society. Reading Yemisi Ogbe’s finely wrought articles on how to prepare a particular dish was almost as satisfying as tucking into the dish. She guided you through the delicate process of shopping for the ingredients and she made you see, touch, smell, taste, and sometimes, even hear the final product.
Yeshua:
2) Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep
But neither will be filled for their is no money to spare :)
'The Mercy' by Beverly Lewis is the third book in The Rose Trilogy. You can read it alone and understand it and even enjoy it, but after reading 'The Mercy' I wish I had read the first twol books in the trilogy first.
Further to my introductory post of two Fridays ago, brief search revealed that Probatter holds registered trade mark rights for its PROBATTER device in the USA, but not in the CTM, UK, Australia or South Africa. Although searches were not carried out, it is unlikely that trade mark registration will exist in ARIPO or any of its member countries.
When a fluctuation in Earth's gravitational field caused the benches in Cadman Plaza Park to start floating off the other day, these Brooklyn Heights park-goers jumped into action.
Tip 1. Spend time with your family. Try to balance your schedule so that you in your heart would feel that you and your family are communicating well enough. If you feel that distance between your wife or your kids I think its time to change your schedule up a bit. Change your priorities if you have to but never have a lack of family time. It is crucial.
Inventory Differences 2.8
#3 - Backwards systems in electronic times
2) I hate never being able to consume anything at its intended temperature. I happen to like my coffee hot and my ice cream cold. I also enjoy sitting down to eat at a leisurely pace. I do not particularly care for standing in the corner of the kitchen in the dark, scarfing down a handful of sugary cereal so that the babies won’t see me and complain about their cheerios. I also am not a fan of eating my dinner cold and alone after everyone else is finished because I had to stop a million times to redirect a child and remind her to put food in her mouth…oh, and then swallow that food.
ARTIST: SHOW DATE: ON SALE DATE:
But....they also thought "liquid air would banish poverty from the earth." And they were a bit off when they predicted mail would be delivered to homes in pneumatic tubes, science would find the means to bring the dead back to life, and houseflies would disappear. Dare to dream...
I still believe that the Egalia experiment will result in much pushing of water uphill, but I also think it's a worthy experiment. One preschool will in no way undo the influence of biology or the rest of society, but it will be interesting to see what it can do.
(2) there is a state of chronic, low-grade immune activation, with evidence of activated T cells and evidence of genes reflecting immune activation, as well as evidence of increased levels of cytokines;
The tree stand is wrapped with a piece of red velvet fabric that I bought at a Thrift Store and the heart box under the tree was a red velvet candy box that I embellished.....
Yeah, that sounds mega awesome …
“Do not lay up for yourselves treasures on earth, where moth and rust destroy and where thieves break in and steal, but lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where neither moth nor rust destroys and where thieves do not break in and steal. For where your treasure is, there your heart will be also.” Matthew 6: 19-21 ESV
Jaden: No prob
Then before I wanted to eat I took steak out of the fridge, cut it into 3, 1 inch strips with the grain- So I had 3 pieces of steak. Then I cut it against the grain into thin slices. The steak is medium rare at this point and COLD. You add as much as you want to a fry pan, with peppers, & onions to heat up and or cook it to your liking.
A man who is identified on Jake England’s Facebook page as his father, Carl England, was fatally shot April 5, 2010, at Comanche Park Apartments, 3608 N. Quaker Ave., about a quarter mile east of where Allen’s body was found, according to the Tulsa World's archives.
And I still haven't figured out my garden plans. It's obvious that the Hydrangea has to move. Even when it receives enough water the sun is just too much for it. When I planted it I didn't know it was a shade lover and it gets a full 6 hours of sun every day and it just doesn't like it.
You'd bark too if you were wet. At night.
It is obvious from your success that you have worked very hard to forward yourself as a musician. When, for you, did DJing and Producing turn from a hobby into a career option?
PEANUT BUTTER BALLS
(Just a joke! Love to all the mamas out there with van decals.)
We love you Charlie Brown.
2) I finished The Iron King by Julie Kagawa on Thursday--and now I totes get why it's so popular! Review'll be on ze blog on Monday, but I find it a bit important to mention just how hot ASH is. See:
I first met Frederica Sagor Maas in May of 1999 at a lunch held in her honor at Musso & Frank's restaurant in Hollywood. At the time, I was attending the national booksellers convention in Los Angeles while scouting film books for the San Francisco Silent Film Festival. At her publisher's booth I spotted an advance copy of her book, and queried about the author. Learning of her connections to silent Hollywood, I managed to get myself invited to the lunch being held the following day. That night, I stayed up late reading her engaging memoir. And that's when I discovered she had penned the story to one of Brooks' films. (Subsequently, I read the manuscript of that story, which is held at the Margaret Herrick Library in Burbank.)
All the big kids are tucked into bed by 8.30. Now tillie is my easiest to get to sleep. Surprising considering that she can be my most 'spirited' during the day. She will give you a kiss, roll over and go to sleep. Keira on appearances looks easy to get to sleep but is known to come downstairs to use the toilet (eventhough we have toilets upstairs) and another hug or kiss or a drink. You know how it goes. Finn likes someone to read to him and lie down with him and things can and will go pear shaped after 8.30 unless everyone is really tired!
I know people can turn out great growing up in divorced households. I know that what's important is being a loving parent, and giving your kids love, and giving them a safe and happy environment. You don't need to tell me that.
I usually make a thin spaghetti to go along with the chicken, but the boyfriend is pasta-challenged. He can’t twirl, and no matter how many tutorials I give him, watching him eat long pasta is painful. My Sicilian grandfather would not be impressed. Because I wanted to enjoy my meal without cringing, I chose to make a whole wheat penne. I’m a big fan of whole wheat pastas; they taste the same to me, and I enjoy the extra health benefit.
After they two share a kiss on the dancer floor, Callum scares Kristina off when he accidentally nips her with his fangs. She runs from him into the arms of a nearby werewolf. Only to be more scared by what she finds in his arms.
Choosing the right catering services require a little effort. Most of the people have huge plans for special events such as wedding ceremonies, receptions, birthday parties or any other kind of social function. Organizing a caterer is a daunting task if you are unaware of how to choose their services.
18. Stealing The Blues (Livin’ Blues) 0:17
I look exactly like my mother. Well, mostly. Where I got most of my facial features from my mom, I got my smile from my dad - as well as my fingers, toes, and awesome Dutch skin that makes me look like it's February year-round (the ability to tan is both foreign and fascinating to me - what's that like?)
While most of the questions thrown to the candidates are the standard softballs, occasionally they get hit with a tough policy question that the serious politicians and politicos like Newt Gingrich, Ron Paul and Mitt Romney have no trouble with, but the less astute candidates such as Michele Bachmann and Herman Cain find to be a little more difficult to answer.
I also hit J Crew this weekend for a few summertime essentials. J Crew is always hit or miss for me, but this weekend was definitely a hit. I realized that I don’t have any shorts or ankle pants (that aren’t denim) that fit at the moment, so I grabbed two pairs of the 3” chino short in khaki and dark grey, and the Minnie pant in stretch twill in black. The Minnie fits so well that I might need to grab another color or two.
SPIT ROASTED POTATOES:
On the next clear, starry night, go outside, gaze upward at God’s heavens, and worship Him for marvellous His power and wisdom. Tell Him how much you love Him. Listen for His voice in your heart.
And she takes care of him.
The BF Goodrich Range:
May, in England, is extravagantly beautiful.
Flip the cake layer out onto the sugar dusted paper and carefully peel off the parchment attached to the cake. Leave to cool before brushing with syrup and filling.
Buddha statues, mosquitos and tuk tuks lead into an overnight train to Chiang Mai with a crazy train party with Sammy, the lady-boy, and nine others, that takes us into the small hours and instead of ending in Chiang Mai I join two new Canadian travel friends on a 4 hour bus to Pai for two nights of ‘chilling’ and trekking in the mountains. Back to Chiang Mai for a night street feast, jazz club amazement, splashing down a river bed holding on to a runaway elephant with my knees while my new camera dangles dangerously close to the water around a stranger’s neck.
Think about that. Ebooks that have had the support of three major publishers have only sold 1/3 of what I've done myself through KDP.
One-room households 37.1%
The mom began cutting food for the toddler as her own plate was getting colder.
I assured her that we could wait until tomorrow. I knew this because my step mom had already decided that no matter what the doctors said, she wasn’t taking dad off of life support until my brother got here from California.
If you need bigger box, Shipito has offers a 37″x37″x26″ box which is really big (you can use it for DHL, FedEx Freight or Shipsourcing container). You can also place a special request and Shipito will pack your packages on the pallet (might not be cheaper due to the weight and cost of the pallet).
Akisora ni Maou Confetti etude’s third game along with Mikomai and Soshite Ashita no Sekai yori being their first and second game respectively, and also it paved the way for me to fine Ryou Ueda’s art; him being the character designer for all of their games, Akisora ni Maou Confetti what I can say about this game the general theme is Iyashii-kei, Slice of life and supernatural/mystery being their recurring theme with their first game Mikomai. In a way the game has similarities with Your Diary but if you consider the date Your Diary is like the successor to the same story theme. I can consider the game more in the lines of a chara-ge so technically theres no true plot to the story asides from Hayato the protagonist has to save the drama club from being dissolved by joining it and there is also the legend of the town giving it some mysterious feel but is relatively weak in terms of it… as for the Drama aspect… well its there but its quite “shallow” as I could put it.
So we bundled up and headed out. There wasn't any snow on the ground in DC but the sight is still breathtaking. And it was especially serene this year as we thought of the terrible tragedy in Japan. (For those of you not current on your Japanese/US history - The original cherry trees that surround the Tidal Basin at the Jefferson Memorial were first planted in 1912 by First Lady Mrs. William Howard Taft and the Vicountess Chinda of Japan .)
Blarney Castle
Yes, blueberries.
I hope I still have some readers left.
I'll quote from the introduction, by the poet Hugh McMillan:
Just come up and say “hi” and introduce yourself. I like simple.
But it is also a meditation on life and death and loss and renewal by a 41-year-old photographer who is struggling with the layers of cynicism that have accumulated over many years of covering war and conflict.
Given the economic environment, it's pretty easy these days to feel like life is treating you unfairly. In fact, recession or not, all of us find ourselves on the unhappy side of Lady Luck's favor every once in a while, and we often feel angry or cheated. But, from time to time, you have an experience that makes you realized just how lucky you really are. I just had one of these, so let me tell you about it.
So here’s what I think about the book:
a multi-dimensioned
Don’t plan to “do” something extra during that time. The additional fifteen minutes will provide some margin, and will most likely cause you act differently. You can add in stuff later.
A1a Do You Know Where '1' Is?
Avery Brewing Co’s Czar Imperial Stout – 11.69% ABV
Park Street’s charter was adopted on February 23, 1809. It’s cornerstone was laid on May 1, 1809, and the building was completed by the end of that same year. That’s pretty remarkable, if you ask me. The church has seem some impressive people and events within its walls… Edward Beecher, brother of Harriet Beecher Stowe (the author of Uncle Tom’s Cabin) began his tenure as pastor in 1826; William Lloyd Garrison, a well known abolitionist, delivered his first major speech against slavery at Park Street on July 4, 1829; Samuel Francis Smith’s America (My Country, ‘Tis of Thee) was debuted on July 4, 1831; and after thousands of people flooded the streets, the city of Boston asked Park Street to open their doors to Billy Graham for his crusade as it’s located directly across the street from Boston Common. The church building has an outside pulpit that Mr. Graham could preach from.
The mocha was good, they roast the beans daily in house, but the cupcakes weren’t anything special, the full review is here.
11. At the prison, you will notice there's a crack in the wall (also marked with a red square in picture 1). It opens like a door does, so do that and follow the path down till you see a man. Talk to him and he explains he's the real king, survived because the servant in the prison is deaf and didn't hear the orders not to feed him, they think he's dead, blah blah blah. After done talking with him, chat once more and then head back to your cell. The queen should be waiting for you. make sure your party is at full health by now!
Chris Colfer
Here's another view:
This compares to the following SNP first preference vote in 2007, which saw a councillor apiece elected in every ward (and two in Baillieston)...
· anything else that has paranormal elements and characters
In these moments of delirious laughter, I am so in love with my family. Thank you, Lord, for those fun, unexpected minutes before bedtime!
This rare caviar has a black aubergine color and a lemony citrus flavor.
Thank you to the people who are still coming by here and seeing what’s going on – I know I haven’t been posting as much these last couple of weeks but I am trying to refrain from a) ranting and raving and b) posting shitty unethused posts.
Then Marc (who had been trying to get my attention while I was buying Morgan) took me over to some other caged birds.
The momentary silence suggests that the three lads positively approve of the latter idea.
In this essay, entitled “Haiku Techniques,” Jane, who is one of the great American haiku poets/guides/instructors of the last fifty years, and whose writing on the subject of haiku is almost without exception brave, exciting, enlightening, and reassuring in equal measure, describes the haiku scene of the seventies and eighties, when a lot of emphasis was placed on authenticity and not so much on literary skill:
I started small, with quarters of the standard tile size, and I wanted maximum flexibility at the beginning so all four entrances are used. I tried to keep it as unusual as I could based on what I'd seen so far, but the first is a common idea, a feature of many maps, passages crossing at different heights.
Christ, Amen!
So the weather is sh*t and I've been forced to get creative with my blog post shoots - LOL. I live in the Northwest, so it's just muddy, dreary, rainy, ick.
Then came my Albatross watershed moment. I saw this lovely lady wearing it and harangued her into telling me what it was that had given her cheek the kind of sheen that I'd never been able to find. She told me it was the famous Albatross..
Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity
A powerful but little-known film, No Retreat from Destiny depicts the events of July, 1864, when Jubal Early’s Confederate force nearly took Washington City, but a delaying action at Monocacy allowed time for Federal troops to defend the capital from invasion. The film features Fritz Klein, a well-known Lincoln actor, as the President, showing the resolve to win the war to the end, and refusing to leave the capital, despite the threat of Confederate invasion. Klein’s portrayal is subdued, but also shows the talent of a man who knows Lincoln inside and out, and gives the film’s best performance. If you have not seen the film, I encourage you to do so. Despite its miniscule $500,000 budget (Which shows at times), the performances and thrilling battle footage more than make up for it.
On the other hand, the A-6 /Tucano B-2 option offers a better load/range/endurance combination than the Harrier. These aircraft are vastly cheaper to operate and, although not capable of vertical landing, they do have a significant short-field capability and can operate from unprepared strips. In many respects, therefore, this aircraft type could be a useful Harrier replacement.
had called Sergeant Jeanett Mothiba a chimpanzee.
Inevitably, the finger of suspicion turns to those external factors impinging on an otherwise exceptional business model (designated as such because it worked in preceding years); an exemplary strategic plan and ‘engaged workforce’. Excuses made, validation of our own ability is thus granted and we await the upturn that will vindicate our ‘hold steady and weather the storm’ position.
Enigma holds a 50% equity in the offshore Southern Block together with Brazil's Petrobras.
“Dumb snow.” I thought aloud, continuing to peer through my iced-over window and driving through the town, looking for a place to stop.
the F. He walked on to the train at the 14th street station
That's the very reason for recommending that for achieving online business success you consider your online home-based business seriously and utilize tools in the actual world to improve your offerings and chances of online business success.
a job in LA, our time together is now even more precious.
One of the challenges faced in creating a living dungeon is information; who has it and who does not. Say we take a dungeon populated by a tribe of goblins who have displaced and enslaved a tribe of kobolds. If the PC’s capture one of the residents of the dungeon, how do we as GMs keep track of what information said resident has?
I regularly tell my brain to shut it but it doesn’t listen.
Don’t get me wrong, I don’t mean that you should disagree with or go against what is written in the Talmud, but you shouldn’t be satisfied with what you think is the conclusion either. The Talmud is studied and understood in a dialogue with it, something that is the hole basis for its coming into existence. The Talmud is, in fact, one long discussion, sometimes staying in focus, but for the most not, dealing with all kinds of things, suddenly popping up in the middle of the discussion, for then to return to the subject when the digression has been solved, if at all, for then to find a solution to whatever problem has been found, and not always was that possible.
In the beginning: A history of British Banking
Just a cute story--
Counting more gratitudes…
Green Cardamon Pods –
Jeanne xx
Negatives: Whatever the cause, Eccentrics are not often respected by their peers and can be misunderstood. Everyone has something (knowledge, love, time, passion) to offer, but the gifts of an Eccentric are not often sought out or graciously received. They live on the outskirts of community and fellowship and are often alone. Because of their strangeness, Eccentrics make convenient scapegoats.
To be perfectly honest, Blood Feast could almost be taken as a cinema du arte. I remember watching that Led Zeppelin concert film/movie musical The Song Remains The Same, where there was a scene in which a room of men were shot with machine guns and their blood sprayed out in volleys of blue, yellow and green - but no red, because that would be too real. Blood Feast's blood is so brightly, Technicolor-ly, fire engine tempera paint red that it's almost quaint when people start to bleed. Kodacolor could use this film as a test strip. Lucille Ball wished her hair was this red.
Lagos, a chaotic city of 14 million people....
Y’all have been my community – students, alumni, church members, family, friends – and you have supported this ministry and our family in more ways than I can count. I can never thank you enough for going on this journey with us and partnering in this ministry. The new position begins July 1, so I will continue to serve this wonderful place until then. We’re still heading to New York Saturday for our Spring break Mission trip, I’ll still be here in the day to day ministry, and I look forward to our New Orleans Mission trip in May where current students and alumni can come together for a great week of missions.
No one will ever love your bowel this way. Not even you.
Frank has Nate send over another shipment with his Army connections. He has his brothers set up their own businesses; Melvin in Queens, Terrence in Newark, Dexter in Brooklyn, and Turner in the Bronx, and Huey in Bergen County, NJ, to help distribute product. Frank has a party at his place, which is interrupted by an altercation between an obnoxious police officer and Huey's driver. Frank beats the driver after he shoots the cop in the leg. Frank gets angry at Huey, and tells him to get rid of his driver. Huey remarks that the driver is his cousin. Frank tells him "He ain't shit to me." He sets up a new rule that no one can talk to him directly except Huey, who will come to Frank with their messages.
I am so psyched! I received an email from the organizer, Rain, as well as an invite to their Yahoo Group to get started. The next pot luck is July 26th. I hope there is a good turnout. Rain said there are about 25 people registered with the group, but they only tend to have 10 or so show up each pot luck. Either way, I'm so glad to meet other people here who are following raw food and can work with me, maybe, to get some more restaurant choices on menus!
Grandson, The Edster, came and circumnavigated the garden from a crawling position. We ate and we drank, and the sun shone.
But assume I didn’t live in the forest any more, but in China. Some kind of fortune or misfortune has brought me there. Let’s assume that. Now that would be terribly unpleasant. For in China, as is well known, everyone is Chinese, even the emperor. I would stand out. My name is Hase, and I look like a German. One would be able to recognize me immediately. Why, even the children would stand stock still in the street and call out “That’s Hase.”
"I started off really well but then I lost the momentum, I kind of lost the rhythm, got him back into the match with some unforced errors," said Djokovic, who converted four of six break points while being broken only once to wrap up his second title of the season.
With that in mind, I stopped taking the anti-depressants a few weeks ago. And what I've noticed is that the medication actually did affect me. I'm not sure how to explain it precisely, but I've recognized that many of my negative emotions had been somehow blunted for a long time, and now they are showing up again, with nicely sharpened points.
For what that's worth.
36. In 2008 he sang “I’m Letting You Go” and also “The Future In Love With You”
The other origin of unschooling as "the lazy parent's approach to school" is the idea that unschooling is easy. Umm, no. Unschooling is fun, make no mistake, but it is also quite a lot of work. My post The cons of unschooling describes some of the work that is involved.
The darling wears a Charles Anastase playsuit & platforms, an Erdem lace blouse and Fogal cream net stockings. I just love the set of this shoot that lovely Marie-Fleur created for our Material Girl spread.
All in perfect time.
Next day- showers off and on, with a few planned activities to attend. Then, about halfway through the day (keep in mind we haven't been here 24 hours yet), a slight tickle in my throat.
So, how many people today are aware that Mussolini, that great Fascist ogre, was in his youth an incandescent revolutionary socialist, a labor-union agitator who was jailed for his pains (Hibbert, 1962)? He was as radical as any student radical of today. Even in his childhood, he was expelled from two schools for his rebellious behaviour.
Then I saw these bangles... I want them.
--Combines a fully functional iPad dock with a slim, compact aluminum Apple keyboard featuring special iPad function keys.
I enjoyed our little visit, as always-
Personally, I dress sporty and casual and I think it complements my comedy style nicely!
2. Mickey and friends Thankgiving 3D easel card
Feel free to contact me anytime. You will always find a welcoming place here.
Fresh questions today about the way our society treats vulnerable children.
Eventually I learned the basis for soup involves:
2010.08.22 Tajikistan Dushanbe 5 1 Islamic militants beat five prison guards to death.
When someone's rescitation of a movie scene/quote takes more than 10 seconds, they have crossed an important social line (READ: and deserve a swift smack in the head).
Wow...how have you been blogging buddies? I've been...well, I'll explain. There's been a lot of development on my end, and I bet you all have no idea how much you had to do with it.
If you exhausted a affiliated with a time larboard of x11, x22, x33, x44 etc you get fireworks and the aboriginal mario affiliated achievement song will play.
And my big girl, who insists on wearing Mike's Angry Birds shirt to bed whenever it's clean.
2) Don’t Talk too Much
On a more serious note, if having an opinion is now disallowed, shouldn’t we just ban the internet? I mean, hey, that’s FULL of opinions – and a lot of them have *gasp* swear words in them too! The precious minds of adults (who use the internet consentingly and should really be aware of its content) are FAR too precious to be corrupted by letting them see words that they hear spoken every day. Now, I appreciate that when it’s children, fair enough – parents don’t want their kids picking up bad habits by seeing swearing on the internet. If I’d been reprimanded for my use of swear words, and if I’d been told it was a parent who had complained when their young child had seen it, fair enough – but when I’m falsely accused of slander by someone who, I’ve no doubt, should be old enough to know better – and worse, someone so cowardly that they don’t want me to know they’re stalking me – then it makes me lose a little more faith in humanity.
As ever one or two intriguiging scenes were released early - one in particular that elicited a ‘Wooooaaah’ (a woman disintegrates into a load of cute aliens. On BBC1 on Saturday. At tea time. Oi,‘Alien’! Ha! You ain’t got nothing on this!*).
But you live on a glittering stage, yes you do, yes you do.
Financing both the purchase and repairs, while approving as many buyers as possible with low down payments and other financing options has been another hurdle toward getting the housing market turned back around.
Until 1977.
It’s a story about young, inexperienced Chloe having her first play session with Mistress Lynn and her sub Brandi. Chloe’s just turned 18. The realities of obedience and submission, particularly as defined by Mistress Lynn, turn out to bear little resemblance to what she expected. The main theme – at least in my mind – is the D/s, not the physical games they played, although Chloe eventually gets her birthday spanking and more.
I like to puddle drapes, or have them just graze the floor. I hang rods as high as possible, and the width of the window.
I love that quote.
“The closest house is two miles away,” he says, turning in. Weeds grow throughout the gravel drive, which is littered with potholes fi lled with tawny water. He comes to a stop and turns the truck off.
Winner has been emailed and has 48 hours to respond or another winner will be chosen!
Breham had told the forum that French President Nicholas Sarkozy, who is also under probe for the Karachi deaths involving French engineers, may move to stop the appointment of an instruction judge.
Look at the Big Dipper
There is a memorial to 23 of those from Oxford who died between 1539 and 1681. Under the names is written: ‘Those whose names are known stand for all who suffered.’ In looking at some particular individuals we get an idea of the way others suffered. John Houghton, Robert Lawrence and Augustine Webster were Carthusian monks and each was a prior of one of the Carthusian Charterhouses. When Henry VIII was declared supreme head of the Church in England by the 1534 Act of Supremacy these three men met together in London to discuss the religious issues this raised. Approaching Thomas Cromwell who was the chief minister of the king, in the hope of some compromise for the Carthusian communities over the oath of supremacy, they instead found themselves incarcerated in the Tower of London. They pleaded not guilty to a charge of treason at their trial, continuing to maintain that the king could not be head of the church. A great deal of pressure was put on the jury by Cromwell and eventually the three monks were found guilty. Thomas More was in the Tower at that time and watched the three being taken out to Tyburn. He turned to his daughter and said, “Lo, dost thou not see, Meg, that these blessed fathers be now as cheerfully going to their deaths as bridegrooms to their marriage?” The three were hanged, drawn and quartered on this day 1535, refusing a last minute offer of a pardon if they accepted the king’s supremacy. They became the first martyrs of the English Reformation.
An early warning is hereby sounded that the conference is quite expensive. This is not to deter anybody from participating, but rather to encourage you to do careful planning in finding the necessary funding at your institution or elsewhere. To assist you in planning your participation in the conference carefully, please look at the following guide:
Never affluent, my parents had to work hard for the money and my mother did many things that would, if I had to do them today, make me wince. She was very talented and creative. She once sewed for other women - an extremely stressful and thankless task. Another time she worked for a fruit canning company; hard work in the Florida heat.
Facebook likes: 17,609
*“Winter Wonderland”
Resources:
Here we go with this weeks challenge......the sketch that I made for you all is this one
The best reaction I ever had to Living with the Truth was by a nice lady called Helen who was the very first person to read the book in its earliest draft, when all the action takes place over just one day, and her reaction was, “You’ve made me think about my life.” (This was after she objected in the strongest terms to my treatment of Jonathan.) What writer could ask for a better response? She was in her early thirties and imagined that she was stuck in what was probably going to be a dead-end job with next-to-no chance of promotion for the next thirty and she realised that much like Jonathan she had responded reactively to life’s challenges and she would never truly be happy until she changed and took control of things. She had always wanted to be a nurse. I have no idea if she did anything about that, because I left the job a few months later, but I’d like to think she did. It would be nice to think that everything I put Jonathan through actually did some real good.
2. As the price of renting increases, renters are showing more desire to become home owners. During a recent survey, 59.9% of renters indicated that they intended to renew their lease. This is the lowest percent since 2009. In a blog I posted earlier, it talked about the fact that more renters are able to buy homes than in many years.
Good luck! The giveaway ends on May 12th at 11:59 pm eastern time.
being done the right way and i don’t think they are ready to do so, with this administration in place, this country’s situation will only get worse.
“The back hole in the Sinn Fein call for a No vote is their inability to guarantee continued funding for our schools, hospitals and social welfare payments. But even I was shocked when I came across the Sinn Féin leaflet calling for a No vote, which quotes the economists Colm McCarthy, Karl Whelan and Seamus Coffey.
In prior posts I have argued two things.
Adam and his English Bulldog, Eva, were in a 12 car accident in Erick, Oklahoma on Saturday, March 31. The cause of the accident is being blamed on fog. Two people died that day and Adam is lucky to be alive. Eva disappeared following the accident and hasn’t been seen since. Adam is still recovering from his injuries in the hospital, nearly 6 weeks later.
much like it changed when we got married
Screen What you shut in the mosquito season
1 institutions
WHAT? Are you kidding me? The sticker was right: that sure is magenta! I didn’t think this color existed in nature. I thought it was invented by wig makers and neon-sign manufacturers.
Yet what Reni depicts is a scene of great poverty and simplicity. It is being glorified. It is being celebrated.
To-do list
We started very early in the morning by jeeps to get to the Caucasian Black Grouse lek. Just after reaching Laza we found several males displaying on the other side of the valley. After getting closer we had at least seven different males and two females. We also saw a group of eight Caucasian Turs on the flanks of Shahdag. Later in the day we walked around the Suvar resort which was still closed and found Alpine Accentor, Caucasian Chiffchaff and again many Red-fronted Serins and Common Rosefinches. Unfortunately we did not see the Great Rosefinches.
If the communists spent the last fourteen years of their rule doing nothing other than clinging on to power by whatever means, fair or foul, it was after they had tried to actually do something for the people for the first twenty years, even if they were wrong-headed, even if they were incompetent and without any genuine vision, even as their too-long reign began to inject acid into their souls and spines. What we did not foresee, what is truly terrifying, is that you seem to have scrunched that trajectory of thirty-four years into thirty-four weeks.
"On your birthday, I will say that I have loved the rebel in you, that you've always been a source of inspiration to me, and that I do not like the halos of divinity around you. I shall not pray for you," he wrote in one tweet.
On Sunday Sydney was bathed in the most beautiful blue sunny skies which was a welcome relief after a week of cold and wet weather. Neddy and I headed out to the beach with Auntie Yo, my sister Yolanda. Thankfully Yo is a beach babe so she took Ned in the water and they had the most wonderful time splashing about. I sat up on the beach fully clothed watching everyone around me.
The razor sharp wit of Dr. Strangelove is rooted in a specific time and place in American history, and yet it's still paradoxically timeless as well. There are moments that resonate just as profoundly as they did 45 years ago, such as Turgidson's outrageous and often-mimicked tirade in the war room, Ripper's deluded rant to a terrified and helpless Mandrake about "precious bodily fluids", or Merkin's panicked, creepily childish yet at the same hilarious phone call to the Soviet premier.
14.) Baby Gay
“That is why I have spoken with the high council,” Sister Lakosha continued cautiously. “We have decided that it is time you were sent on a mission to help our Alliance members.”
Super cards ladies! Please grab our TOP 3 blinkie from the sidebar and proudly display it on your blog!
In assessing current progress, as Cavanagh would have us do, it is useful to refer to the one of the great authorities on the nature of war, Carl von Clausewitz, and one of the most famous miss-quotations of all time: "War is merely the continuation of policy by other means".
OK, I know this post was supposed to be about the local pub scene in Tonbridge; well I am still working on it, so in the meantime here are my thoughts and observations regarding beers from the Sainsbury's "Taste the Difference" range, which were on special offer the other week. After giving most of them a try I was quite impressed, so here is my review of the beers I sampled. (By the way I didn't receive any, cash incentives or any other rewards from Sainsbury's for reviewing their products, but if they'd like to send me further samples to try, then I wouldn't say no!)
Here’s an example of this peak to peak
Bay Berry
When I first meet my client, Linda, back in the spring, I just knew we would have a ball designing this cake. And a ball is what we created!! To top off all of her favorite activities and hobbies, we made a complete sphere cake to represent a globe.
ISCARIOT. Here it is: "Judas".
1 x YH5507-RED / F / air = 28.00
1789: 67%
The icing on this cupcake story is that I had the priceless opportunity to make them at my sister's house with my darling Niece and Nephew at a particularly bittersweet time. Mr. Noodle and I had just packed up all of our worldly goods, sold our dream home and left behind dear family in Minnesota to begin anew in the Philippines. At a time when we were in limbo, without a home to call our own for the time being, I baked these in our home away from home. It was a joy to make them with the most terrific kids in the world and to share them with the people I love best. These are small pleasures, now forever treasured.
High-pitch
This is a pretty tall order, and I hope I'm up to the task. My goal this week is to cover some different elements each day, sharing shopping tips as well as strategies for building outfits. In addition, Martha was kind enough to share some photos of her current rut-bound wardrobe, which I will endeavor to restyle for her as the week progresses.
Muslims don’t worship the building – but it’s a structure that every single Muslim faces during in their prayers – wherever they are on Earth. One of the wisdoms of this – as relates to the prayer – is the unity it portrays: no matter where a Muslim comes from, no matter what age or social status, everyone – together – is considered as a single nation; all facing one specific spot on the planet, all praying in one language (Arabic), and all worshipping One Creator.
Alone He suffered everything.
My muscles are still aching and my mind isn't quite right yet. I am still looking for the right response to the "why" question that I always get. Why would anyone want to run across the Grand Canyon and back? I still have to walk sideways down the stairs because my calves and my quadriceps remain too tight to allow the contraction required for normal, fluid movement, and today, three days after the Grand Canyon run, I'm anything but fluid.
WR: J. Jones 29 points (104 yds, 2 rec TD, 1 40+ yd TD, +5 100+ yds)
10. When you’re hard on yourself, you make it a point to stop after a point. And then you come back again to treating yourself with a Fondue. You learn to do the same to your team members.
Continuity
I've been having issues with wanting things lately. Something in my brain, part from my family and part from society and maybe part just me, tells me that simply wanting a thing isn't a good enough reason to do it. It tells me that wanting is inherently selfish and unbecoming, that wants must always be placed below all other considerations. I can do a thing because it's healthy, because it's feminist, because it makes other people happy, because it's educational. I can't do it just because I want to.
And when they rolled
Finding something you love sounds easy. Many websites, books and personal coaches make attempts at coaching you along the path to happiness by “doing something you love”. I have attended seminars, read books, cruised the web in search of the formula to finding something I love. I think I have been somewhat successful using the lists, formulas, etc that I came away with. But, what I have found is that letting go of the something leads you to the love.
As we emerge from a decade of conflict abroad and economic crisis at home, it’s time to renew America — an America where our children live free from fear and have the skills to claim their dreams. A united America of grit and resilience, where sunlight glistens off soaring new towers in downtown Manhattan, and we build our future as one people, as one nation.
Many would question the ethics of assisting BN’s increasingly undemocratic and corrupted regime, as it seeks re-election after 55 years of uninterrupted rule. Moreover, attempts to paint a third generation dynastic politician, who is facing serious questions over personal corruption, as some kind of reforming democrat, through a slick PR campaign, will also be criticised by those seeking genuine reform in Malaysia.
5:40 p.m. Pick up H.M. from preschool.
Est. Bitterness: 44.2 IBU
The archbishop's Good Friday article seemed to echo the argument of another person who has been railing against the banks and the miners: the Federal Treasurer, Wayne Swan. He attacks miners and banks as a way of shoring up Labor's support base - a little bit of class warfare to get the faithful back into the fold. When your primary vote is about 30 per cent, there is some method in that madness.
“We had to try the black truffle creamed spinach and it was fabulous! The intense black truffle flavor was an interesting spin on such a typically boring side dish. We decided to pass on a potato side and try the creamed corn with pancetta and I’m very happy we did! It was my favorite of the two sides which shocks me as I love me some truffle!”–Jen G.
This talk is based on her book “Smart Sex”. The topic of that book is on how irresponsible sex can actually drive people away from each other, and how we are rejecting the obligations we have to other people out of selfishness and preventing ourselves from enjoying life-long married love.
The banana tree has gifted us with a huge bunch of healthy bananas which will be ready for harvest in a few weeks.
Each day at our house, we experience another reminder that we now live with a TEENAGER. And each time it's a bit of a surprise. (I wonder when/if this realization will stop being a surprise--his adolescence really kind of snuck up on us, despite the fact that, clearly, we've been living with this child every day since his birth!)
“The first is our lack of the ability to question and dissent that is so essential to science.”
But all the panic in the cabin didn’t last long. Rob took control.
One thing that we talk about frequently is the boy's discovery that most people have more than one eye. We were teaching him body parts, pointing to nose, mouth, ears, and eyes. We'd point to the feature, say the name, do it again, ask him to repeat us--you know the drill. At one point, after we'd done this several times in as many days, my sweet child was showing his new awareness to his father. "Daddee, eye." He pointed to his dad's eyeball, bringing the stubby finger close but not poking him (sometimes that happened). Then all of a sudden, the kid looked in amazement at my husband's entire face, and apparently it was the first holistic study he'd done. He said, with awe and amazement, "Daddee, two eyes!"
i love taking this picture.
Laura and I were admiring how pretty it was back there while Marcel jumped out and started poking around. Soon he found an area of long grass that had been flattened by something. And wait, a cow pie! Hail Holy Mary, he found a cow pie! Poop had never been so well received as in that moment.
Who doesn't love cookies and milk? Dunk the cookies in milk and layer them between whipped topping. As the pie chills, the moist layers make a yummy filling. If you buy the graham cracker crust, this recipe takes about 7 minutes to prepare, but chill time is 8 hours.
Hey…here’s some more folks who are getting it done…
The photos above show you what's blooming around here today... at least, what I could shoot without leaving my front porch! The rest of my May GBBD Bloom list can be seen below, and many more blooming gardens can be seen by visiting Carol at May Dreams Gardens. Happy Garden Bloggers' Bloom Day!
I kinda miss you all :(
Those I had known who
And the dog is clean, my car repaired (long, boring, maintence story that I will spare you), my sewing room straighten up to better showcase my new serger, new yogurt in the fridge and the grocery shopping done. I feel so accomplished.
“This is Hell?” both Chris and Ann said.
A little modeling in Park City. It was HOT. I really wouldn't have wanted to be skiing--mid 50s!
“Yes. Richard Fine. Is he your case?”
It really has been a lovely day and one I shall remember for years to come. I am very lucky to have such lovely friends and family, who have all worked so hard to make today so special.
Driver arrested after farting on police officer
It's time for a new challenge over at Polka Doodles and this weeks theme is Pretty In Pink chosen by teamie Daniele so prepare for a lot of sweet creations from the Design Team and of course, me!
Food photography is hard. Really hard. It may just be my blogging nemesis. My blogging archenemy, so to speak.
Let us live in such a way
The OEX option indicator that I’ve mentioned over and over again has started to recede. The ample signals that it provided through the volume and the open interest put call ratios were legitimate. From March 2011 it had telegraphed a very serious warning signal. Those that heeded it were protected from the market weakness that followed.
When chops are finished, melt butter in skillet. Add mushrooms, and saute until tender.
Imagine a future historian examining Obama’s pre-presidential life:
But, on the other hand, it is a new system, completely surpassing the old in every way.
Communism and Afterwards:
Take a stiff drink and Re-kindle an old flame. Minimum pricing fits the bill. Pre-load your experts and binge on research papers. Release a statement with strong spirits and you might just of kicked the pensioner’s can.
The essentially residential neighborhoods that surround the park are also historic, with many fine houses in interesting architectural styles. The whole area has been designated as the Washington Park Historic District.
2) Pneumonia: An infection or inflammation of the lungs is usually associated with fever, and cough. Chest pain related to pneumonia is common
I read Ririko route and I thought it was a lot of fun. Ririko was completely non-serious for about 95% percent of her route which I thought was hugely entertaining. She had a bit of a non-funny moment towards the end of her route which I thought was overwhelmingly moe. Also all of her ero scenes aroused me although I don't know why. I don't have a foot fetish, and I dislike oral, although I do have a bit of a fetish for intercrural though only a bit of one.
After talking about this for the past two million months, my dear friend Cat nudged me in the right direction, and I'm gaining momentum on the first project I've done since moving into Apt #13 in May.
Ahhh....just taking off that hideous counter and getting a nice neutral on the walls did wonders, I think! *Does that uneven, unmatched towel bother anyone but me???* Whiel we were gone doing fun things like this--
DON’T: Put up with the set up of your office if it is not working for your team. Suggest those that work closely together sit together so that they can discuss their work without interrupting anyone else.
enlightened Buddhist, just words referring to mutually conditioned
From Depak Chopra, at Beliefnet.com:
Right from the beginning, when Bartimaeus turns up in the bedroom of the 12-year-old Nathaniel in (a roughly) contemporary London, I was wresting my djinni away from its Arabic origins. His name, for instance, is Biblical. He is still a being of ‘fire and air’, capable of changing size and shape at the drop of a hat, but his repertoire of Detonations, Infernos, Spasms and other attacks has more to do with the spells of modern fantasy than anything historical. He is summoned via a pentacle, as Renaissance magicians summoned demons and devils in European tradition. He name-checks Baghdad, but also a much older past, spanning continents and cultures. One of his bynames is Sakhr-al Jinni (the moniker of a naughty djinni who in legend stole King Solomon’s magic ring), but he’s also got a dozen others. He’s been Bartimaeus of Uruk, in the time of Gilgamesh; N’gorso the Mighty in medieval Africa; Rekhyt in Ancient Egypt, and so on. The one constant is he’s been an almighty pain in the neck to magicians across all human history. My approach throughout was to fuse actual folklore (and literary and historical traditions) with the made-up stuff: the result would be to create something sinewy and believable, and recognisably my own.
Hello Mr. David McClean!
Children? Wait a minute, they're not even in my plan.
believers in Christ. May they follow Him; and may they not know the voice
Festival guests don’t have to worry about the drive home after a day of beer tasting; guests can stay the night with a special package at MonteLago Village Resort or Vacation Villas. To book a Brews Best Beer Fest special package at the Resort, please call 1-888-600-2688 or visit www.montelagovillage.com. For Vacation Villas, please call 702-568-1174 or visit www.lakelasvegasrentals.com.
Tay
I don't wear any jewelry because I'm allergic. My husband has only bought me a wedding ring and we went to a pawn shop and got that cause I knew I'd never get to really wear it. It was weird but while I was pregnant both times I actually was able to wear it. Gotta love how hormones and body chemistry play on you during that time. Now my dear daughter is 12 almost 13 so its been that long since I wore it.
You want legs? I'll show you legs. HERE, stolen from Theo:
Since I knew that I was going to be guesting on David’s blog, I thought it was the perfect time to enlighten everyone as to what I like to listen to while I’m writing. Now I know that some people need the constancy of silence while in the zone – but not me. When I write sometimes I find myself needing something hard and heavy to help fuel the mood with which I want to write in. Other times, I’m looking for something smooth and melodious. It mainly depends on my mood and how much of a brain beating I need to take in order to expel the distractions around me and immerse myself in the world of my choosing. In the end, I’m sure that it only serves as background noise to my subconscious but if I don’t have music playing, it doesn’t feel right. Music and writing are forever connected for me.
Typically, your caterer will run your bar. Most provide everything from glassware, bartenders, and nonalcoholic drinks to mix with the spirits. What they serve, however, is negotiable; as is the amount you'll spend.
Whether you decide to try out Google Buzz or stick with your existing social media outlets, it’s what your business chooses to do with these sites that matters most. In that regard, I’d suggest taking a look at our summary of Chris Brogan and Julien Smith’s book Trust Agents for a better understanding of how to make social media work for you. The authors have some great advice to allow your company to truly connect with customers online.
To see what other industrious quilters are up to today check out DWM over at Patchwork Times. I am off this morning to pick up the teacher quilt I have posted about from the long arm quilter... I am anxious to see how the quilting has come out. Have a great Monday.
5I might give you strength with my mouth, and not keep back the comfort of my lips.
Analysts said this latest broadside from Kasukuwere might be more bluster than fact.
Meanwhile, Jonah Hex is on the roof, watching Turnbull drive away. Hex's plan is to confront the Gov. and... suddenly there is shouting from inside the mansion as Phelp's body is discovered. People rush out of the mansion and see Jonah on the roof. They assume that Hex has killed the Gov and Jonah has to fight his way through them to make his escape.
Woke up early this morning and went out to breakfast at 8am with my old friend from high school. I had a side of two scrambled eggs (lightly cooked) they were perfect! What was even better was the fact that I could actually eat them, or swallow them…whatever lol It’s always fun hanging out with her because she’s such a sweetheart and we get along great!!
**On a side note, and to make readers a little more familiar with me and my background, I am tired of people contacting my officers via cell phone to report things. I used to work for a security company that patrolled construction sites due to the high copper thefts in the area. I am guilty of contacting the officers but I stuck to a system for contacting them. If it was something suspicious happening or something that would require an officer, I called into dispatch to report it. If I had just spotted a vehicle out for a "stroke of midnight" at 0100-0300 in the morning I'd call an officer because they usually would get a good laugh out of the couple scrambling for clothes. Since I have left my ex-boss has had to come out of the office work and onto the sites and streets. This is fine with the exception that when he calls the officers we hear the radio traffic between them and have no idea what is going on, where at, how many and when. I sit in a dark room and am treated like a mushroom enough by admin thank you I don't need my officers doing it too.
However, there are many intangibles which can increase or decrease a sites value. For example, if the site is being developed on a part time basis, the full suite of its potential reach may not be acheived. A buyer may indeed see that by adding a bit more manpower resources, the site may grow exponentially. Conversely, a blog whose content is based solely on the author's experience or memoirs, may be of little or no value to a potential buyer.
Chaise lounges: A must for good tanning! I’ve been trying to hunt down a “cheap chaise lounge” forever but I’m starting to think that phrase is an oxymoron because wow, those things are pricy! I finally scored two decently priced ones last week at Big Lots.
I went in the downstairs hallway (where quade had just run through) to find the following.
Author’s info:
Alternative treatments for laryngitis include various herbal therapies, as well reflexology, homeopathy, relaxation, and exercise. Resting the voice is especially important, as is consulting a doctor or practitioner if symptoms last for more than two weeks.
I hope you have enjoyed my shadowbox Easter card and you'll come back soon to see all of the fantastic Easter creations by my talented fellow designers!
Forget about the crystal ball or seeing a swami-ji. Now let us do some simple arithmetic. When you add and subtract all the pointers above where does Najib stand and how does Anwar rate?
we eat with the appetite of birds, or babies,
The strange, yet oddly comforting way the minister followed behind the coffin, still preaching, accompanying my grandfather out to the hearse.
This is called Key Person Disability Insurance. The key person at work, directing the productivity of the physical components of the business, leads to the venture’s success. The key person, disabled and ineffective, leads to the venture’s failure. Statistically, disability is the most likely peril that will negatively affect the venture (Acts of Nature — 1/1250 vs. Dis-ability — 1/30).
Each country likes to do things their own way when it comes to beer festivals, it seems. In Belgium and the Netherlands tokens ("bonnen") rule; in the UK, cash is king. In connected Norway you refill your festival card yourself at the terminals near the gate. Practical as this may be, there is no hiding the fact that the price level is quite steep for a beer festival- 2,50 euros for the card, 3 euros for the tasting glass and 5 euros each for 20 cl tastings.
You Might Also Like:
Both Landon and Brynne were attending a preschool that we really loved, but we were beginning to feel like they had reached their maximum learning potential at that particular school. So we decided to enroll Landon in a private Christian preschool that is much closer to our house. We also decided that being only 3 and a half Brynne should really just stay home with me for another year.
She also had ideas of where to go from here... but more on that another time.
Sometimes I think this is just a coping mechanism because we really don’t want to deal with reality. Because we deal with it on such a daily basis, it’s hard to really “connect” yourself to any story.
number 5....
First Page Sage, LLCNow, you'd think a competent PR Director would do his research better. I mean, you might not realize that I don't review any more, or assume that someone who reviews one kind of genre fiction might be interested in reviewing another--but it's kind of hard to miss the fact that the Writer Beware blog does not review "literature" (assuming, of course, that you actually bothered to visit the blog). Sending review requests to completely inappropriate people is not exactly the "premium book promotion" promised by First Page Sage's website (scroll down to the bottom), which touts itself as "one of the most effective vehicles for getting the word out about your book."
After forty days of His resurrection, we know that He ascended into heaven with the promise to send the Holy Spirit.
Date: Thursday, December 8, 2011
me: All you do is talk about yourself.
I lost 3 days of walking to rain and kids being off of school...and I ate a cupcake. I know since I didn't walk for 3 days I shouldn't have, but met up with a friend for coffee and dessert, and I did, I ate a cupcake.
Love would never fall for that.
Hubby: But I said "Four" to "I take time for leisure activities"!
positive and negative qualities.
What's on tap:
That’s what you get when you run around drunk, in a foreign country, and soliciting prostitutes when you work for the President of the United States. BAM, WHACK, SLAPPED DOWN, like in an episode of “Batman,” those guys got what was coming to them.
A heaven-like Mahomet's paradise ; and though
Just this past weekend (February 26) we held a children’s revival with Josh Combs, and God gloriously filled 20 kids with the baptism of the Holy Ghost! I have been working in children’s ministry for the past year in my home church and it has been a HUGE blessing to me personally!
This site includes resources that allow a user to understand the symptoms and mood episodes associated with depression. Forums and Question/Answer areas are provided for those seeking personal or general information.
This year, I've decided to make a fool-proof list of resolutions that I'll be able to keep. Wink wink, I really won't be able to keep them, but that's ok because it's all part of my master plan!
Have you tried any of the shades in the On Stranger Tides Collection? Which were your faves?
Lucky Bears – Shake Your Nipples
Meaningless to the point that most staff at best ignore their company’s mission statement and, at worst, find it embarrassing and actively demotivating. Unlike senior business people, ordinary folk have well developed corporate bullshit detectors, and they know all this stuff is bland, without substance or differentiation, and bears little relationship to how the company actually behaves and what it can deliver.
Spread half of the sauce on the bottom of the baking dish. Place a spoonful of the cheese mixture near the wide end of each eggplant slice, roll up, and place in dish. Continue assembling the rolls until all eggplant slices have been filled.
I am genuinely shocked that there's so little hate mail on this one. Last year Brooklyn's 'The Tablet' had a reader writing a letter to the 'letters to the editor' page for six consecutive weeks talking about how Sen. Kennedy should not have received a Catholic funeral; of course, those readers clearly were more knowledgeable than either of the Bishops in Boston or Washington.
Basilico Fresco
2) Tell me your favourite character from any Maria V. Snyder book and why. If you've not read any of her books before - then tell me about a character from another book and why.
-Spoon 1 tablespoon of chocolate-hazelnut spread into the center of the wrapper.
My long runs poo on the thought of plans, I guess. Last week I was supposed to run 12 miles on Wednesday. Pretty much my only time for long runs, since my son is at preschool for 2.5 hours that day. 12 miles takes me just about 2.5 hours with time for a mini cool down and stretching. That is if I run around the preschool and don't mind looking like a rat drowned in sweat picking him up.
Quite good at Sudoku, if I do say so myself.
Deadline to leave comments is 11:59pm EST
Schlangenbad: "The baths are beautifully arranged and have a great reputation for quieting and strengthening the nervous system, and are resorted to very much by hysterical ladies"
The divorce complaint landed in Oakland County Circuit Court Judge Mary Ellen Brennan’s courtroom after the entire Wayne County circuit bench recused itself.
He pointed at the bottle of Laffite on the table. “We have a backup in case it’s turned sour.”
That in a nightmare there is no need for fear.
Paul’s wins aren’t likely to have an effect on Romney’s all-but-certain coronation as the Republican nominee. Romney won the Massachusetts Republican primary with 72 percent of the vote, so 38 of the state’s 41 RNC delegates are legally bound to vote for their former governor on the first ballot at the convention.
And then there are the boots and the cute ballet flats , I want to stock up on shoes before we leave.
As many of you know, I loves me some gifts from the heart and hand(I bet you do too).
I posted Wednesday and am posting this revised version because I wanted to share with you two wonderful reviews that my novel received from Adriana Noir over at Ink in Faded Hues and from Lorelei Bell over at Lorelei's Muse. Both ladies were very kind to spend their time, not only to read my little vampire tale, but also to post reviews. I would love it if you would surf over and take a look. If you don't know Adriana or Lorelei, perhaps you will say hello and see what makes them tick; perhaps even make them new friends of yours.
However, democratic political structures have not been stable and they are not perfect. It breeds authoritarian and dictatorial regimes, as in the case of Julius Caesar, who refused to take instructions from the Senate. He was considered a threat to democracy and he was murdered by 60 senators.
Laddie, I miss you horribly. Please don’t fight with Legacy. Please take care of yourself. Please be happy. I never wanted anything else for you. And please know that I will look after that wonderful son you left me. Thank you sweetheart. For everything. I will never forget you, ever.
A Christmas Snow ... GMC ... 11 PM
Sweet Pea has always been interested in the moon and the stars, and I have answered her questions as best I could about them, and have shown her the Orion constellation and looked things up for her. But she gets most of her space information from her Boopa, who is so interested in space that he has multiple star projectors (he even gave her a small one last year to keep) and telescopes and knows more about things in space than Slipshod and I do. Sweet Pea loves - no, LOVES - to see pictures of celestial bodies. She already knows more about space than I do. She tells me about galaxies and nebulas and all kinds of cool stuff. She has added "space scientist" to her list of things she wants to be when she grows up.
Sleep is still not going well.. at all.. she screams..just about non stop from 2 hours after she is put to bed (she sleeps for about 1 to 2 hours initially) until about 4 or 5 am.. when utter exhaustion just takes over.. We are NOT doing any type of CIO.. she just cries and cries and cries.. even in arms...or in bed with us.. and even if we can get her settled and asleep.. she only stays asleep for about 20 to 30 minutes before waking up screaming again..
I’m not saying in my interpretation of the concept of loneliness that the desire for communion with another human being is not valid. However the key word here is communion, not distraction. Perhaps we confuse the need to share deeply, with needing love, I think this is a topic on its own.
But when she's the one who is hurt? All bets are off.
Back at the lodge, the power goes out, and Hansen is forced to venture into the lodge's basement to change a blown fuse. He succeeds, but is besieged by spiders who break through one of the basement windows, by using their combined weight. He makes it upstairs just in time to be saved by Ashley.
There is a real commitment to being a major force in education in Asia.
En Masse also did the mural at Foufounes Electriques a while back, which is a mandatory step on the ladder for any Montreal artist(s) out there making a name for themselves. I snapped a pic of it while I was there to watch a performance by Inter-Species Wrestling (I’ll save that story for another post). Check it out:
A couple of days ago I got the call from dad, whispering like only men whisper. You know what I mean - that deep, low, kind of creepy sounding voice that only men have because they really don’t understand quite how to whisper. It’s always the same, dad calling, whispering so mom doesn’t hear him, even though in all probability mom is either sleeping or nowhere near. Dad calling to tell me that mom was having a bad day. I wasn’t surprised by the call. Actually, I was expecting it. I knew it was coming. I had noticed that for the last few days mom wasn’t really with us. Those eyes were back – the dementia eyes. They weren’t the glaring at me kind of dementia eyes, but they definitely were there, just kind of peeking at me, teasing me, just letting me know that they were still hanging around. “Your mom’s having a bad day. When she woke up I was outside working in the yard. Her bag was full and she pulled it off. She just went back and laid down on the bed, just went back to sleep. It was a mess. She didn’t even know.” “I’m so sorry dad,” I responded. The ostomy complicates an already difficult situation. When she gets really confused she pulls it off.
The measurements were PERFECT. The color was PERFECT. The storage…PERFECT.
She broke your “breast bone”?
Happy Friday or Saturday if you’re anything like me
Acting wise there needed to be really strong performances in order to get some of the heavier themes across. Wisely for the adult roles they crammed it with many recognizable faces. Out of the adults I really liked Woody Harrelson (Haymitch Abernathy), he got to hit some great comedic beats and yet he also creates a wonderful character arc, all thanks to the subtlest of touches. Now Jennifer Lawrence had a huge weight on her shoulders trying to carry this film. She comes through very strong which is good seeming how important Katniss Everdeen is to not just this movie; but a rich tradition of strong female leads in science fiction. Josh Hutcherson as Peeta Mellark is fine, but I don’t think he really gets enough attention. Considering that he seems that his character is important for the next few movies, a little more attention on him would have been appreciated.
I'm waiting until you
I'm not an expert on the movie scene these days, but I do rather think she's onto something with this one.
Chicago ended the year with an overall eight percent drop in crime, and will likely end the year with fewer murders (currently 423) than the year before (431). Even if murders climb above the 2010 level, they'll still be below levels in 2009 (459) and the appalling number in 2008 (513). The CPD saw a restructuring in the past year under Superintendant Garry McCarthy, since the election of Mayor Rahm Emanuel:
I ran with a brand-new snazzy headband for this race. LOVED IT. If you have a lot of hair that needs taming, go out and buy some of these stretchy-rubbery bands. This is what I looked like pre-race after sleeping approximately 2.34 hours:
Within a battle you’ll want to optimize the amount of damage you are doing, to try to finish the battle as quickly as possible. You’ll figure out the optimal order in which you use your abilities, the optimal equipment for doing so, the optimal setup, the optimal environment, etc. You’ll want to be the most efficient.
And to get the splurging started we are offering some lucky person 2 free tickets to come along and enjoy the show. All you have to do is leave a comment and tell us your favourite musical/ childhood film and by next Wednesday we will randomly select a winner!
But I still love the collage – and it still, for me, evokes the feelings of the characters and the essence of what the story was about. I figure, if the art department can play fast and loose with my story, why shouldn’t I?
The deeper problem is that The Boss doesn't encourage the kind of feedback that might have caught the problem then and there. Had the driver mentioned "Hey, the weirdest thing - I drove all around last night, and the gas gauge didn't budge from full" any normal business owner might have investigated.
Yaniqueques or yanikeke are the Dominican Republic's version of the johnny cakes, supposedly brought over in the 19th century by the English-speaking migrants (possibly of Afro-Caribbean descent). These cakes are made with flour, baking soda, and water; they are, however, typically deep-fried. They are a popular beach snack, especially in Boca Chica.
Armed with a pan full of beans, and of course your book, make your way back to the oven.
We had an open wine and beer bar at our reception, no liquor. If one goes to a wedding and there is wine being served, the choice most often is simply "red or white." Why can't there be a choice for beer, "ale or lager?" People don't abstain from drinking wine because it's not specifically Caymus or Chateau Guiraud ; they're there for the event, and the occasion, and they're going to drink what's presented to them. Beer is easier to splurge on than wine and will allow for a bit of spark and uniqueness to your reception. Your wedding planner should be versed on beer as much as they are versed on wine, but most aren't.
The timing couldn't be better. I'm back from the annual conference of the American Society of Journalists and Authors, where my article, "Help Your Son Succeed in School," received 1st place in the Service category in the organization's 2012 Outstanding Article competition. The award -- and the positive attention my article has received -- has inspired me to re-commit to the purpose of this blog. I write this blog for you, parents of boys, and I want my words and resources to help you as you parent your sons.
And finally, on the wall between the pantry and the bedroom is a gallery wall. I took frames I already had and painted them black, so this was a cheap project!
me: (Sigh) Okay, here’s the rule about these words. Sometimes grownups get angry and use bad words. Little kids sometimes hear these words and then tell them to their friends. It’s okay that you know about these words, but don’t ever say them out loud because you’ll get in trouble.
CLICK THE COVER for FREE ONLINE VERSION
There’s no personal question today… nothing troubling the mind or heart but let me pretend that the person reading this today is troubled by a relationship problem. It’s possible with the FULL MOON in the astrological relationship sign of LIBRA now.
And yet, political dynasties, both at national and local level, prevails. Voters regularly (though not always) vote dynastic scions.
once cooked, remove the pan from heat and let them cool down before moving them. you will see they will firm up nicely once they have rested.
As we live and breathe we die, as we dance before a mad orchestra the water laps our feet, Neptune claims our ship and we go down with not even a stroke in quest for freedom, for life. Do you like this nation, this place created, this bitter soup, so many ingredients all vying for the taste buds of continuance, to outlast each and other flavour ,to become the main dish, to simply outlast amongst so much. How is it with you, caught up in the maelstrom of extinction, how do you fare, you a dying breed caught up in a torrent of brown, hater you for wishing safety, for desiring a place your own, just a little rock, just a minor place, just a nation, a country, a home. Open your door, wide, usher in the hungry, the driven, the herd rushing from the despot, the exploiter and life’s test, better here for them, no child soldiers, lest not yet, no tribe against tribe, merely race against race and whites are so few now aren’t they, so impotent, speaking bitterly in living-rooms where few ears take note, few souls have a care.
Kill it with Secret!
would make sense to represent the songs we still play as we play them now,
As Church lady used to say, “Isn’t that SPE-CIAL.” She would usually follow that up with, “Could it be SATAN?”
The paper usually ignores everything going on in the state with the exception of our state legislature. For some reason, the editors like to tell us what our elected officials are up to, and I think it's because of the humor factor. Gotta admit, we have some damn funny legislators in Nashville. They don't KNOW they're so fucking funny, but by god, if you watch them for any length of time you'll see what I mean.
Just click on the above link to see the supply list....
My sister, Meowyn, didn't even get that far... although her tree has a bit of flair, too....
I am most excited about their Tuesday "pep card". I was stalking one day this week (comfort of the couch, remember??) and I got the pattern and directions from Mrs. McKown at Little Literacy Learners . (The star is a graphic from www.mycutegraphics.com, per her website).
With the giant billboard screen, the Toa Payoh atrium is a good place to mingle with friends and family. If tired, you can sit on the steps. I find Toa Payoh Central very compact and easy for walking. There are at least six shops selling shoes, three shops competing side by side selling toiletries, a factory outlet selling casual clothes ranging from S$2 and many food stalls where meals can be bought under S$5.
*”Our need for you disappeared the day you fired us.”
I somehow managed to get her clean and not ruin my sister's bathroom in the process. She was still crying, though. Traumatized, no doubt. Then, I looked out the window, which faces the aforementioned pool. And I see everyone evacuating. And I know it can only mean one thing. Poop in the pool. To say I was mortified is an understatement. I wanted to curl up into a little ball and just die of embarrassment. Alas, I am a grown up and we grown ups have to face these things. I changed Collette into her dry clothes and headed over to the neighbor's yard, my head hung in shame.
All in all it was a fun show, all though it was a very long and tiring day. It was about 10:55pm when we left the studio, and we had to queue again to get our coats and umbrellas back but luckily for us, we were one of the first groups to leave so didn’t have to wait too long. It was still raining.
Naj Bueno has responsibility for business development with an emphasis on international business development. eDisclosure marketing, particularly in London, is pretty staid, and no one would call Naj staid. She and Charles Holloway make a good team, and you can judge Millnet’s international reach by the fact that I came across Naj and Charles last year at the big US shows – LegalTech in New York and ILTA in Nashville – as well as at IQPC in Munich, with an apparently full diary of meetings each time.
In large bowl with fork, mix flour, baking powder, salt and 2/3 cups sugar. With pastry blender or 2 knives used scissor fashion, cut in butter until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Stir in peel.
It may look like an array of instrumentation from a medieval torture chamber, but these are some of the tools that surgeons use to repair, fuse, immobilise and implant into our backs. This seminar, held at the IMechE headquarters on Birdcage Walk in central London and the third of its kind was intended to bring together surgeons, engineers, scientists and industry to discuss the issues, successes, products, techniques and research related to spinal surgery. While the warm sunshine was out in force outdoors, inside it really was a full on day, jam packed with presentations some as short as 10 minutes long. Highlights included playing with the surgical tools and practicing the implantation of spinal rods (by Zimmer) on a plastic spine and the forward looking keynote from Mr John O’Dowd highlighting the radical change in the human condition that’s been brought about through advances in spinal surgery and intervention (e.g. Harrington rods and Dick’s fixation device). One thing that I found staggering was the size of the medical implant market and the turnover of the big names in the business. For instance, here are the top 4:
While we were going through his clothes, he asked my coworker to throw the condom away. "What?", she asked. He said there was a condom in there, and he didn't want his ex-wife to find it if she were to receive his belongings. I guess he figured he had enough problems already.
Name. Address. Phone numbers. Social Security number.
Because any food, liquids, drugs, and/or medications consumed will affect the urine, an examination of one’s diet is recommended before starting urine therapy. Keeping a daily nutrition journal will help to chart the body’s reaction to different foods and the body’s digestive patterns.
Ghee - a tbsp.
New Albany, IN 47150-8529
If you have made it this far...Thanks for reading! :)
All children want to have fun and enjoy their youth. In this story the kids do not lose sight of their goals, and normal challenges that all kids face, but at the same time - they love life and the joy of childish thoughts, dreams and actions. It is through the story The Kids of Dandelion Township, that children learn about each of their feelings, comparative symbols in various holidays, crushes and other common experiences, that are in fact all similar in nature. Thus the story tells a fantasy tale of children who discover many things, but realize there is something bigger that guides us, than their personal desire. This is later seen as a cupid in the clouds, who then leads the children to a magic place. The importance of this symbol is simply that because a child has a great sense of positive understanding and compassion, it is still important to be open for spiritual signs of leadership in designing the right path for all to take. This in fact provides a world where oneness is everywhere, and while some children as with adults may be natural leaders, they know that we all look for or sense positive signs in our universe simultaneously or first.
BULLYING AND AUTISM. NPR's Health Blog on April 23rd was titled, "Children with Autism Are Often Targeted by Bullies," and goes on to say exactly how often -- three times as often as typical children. The show profiles one Abby Mahoney, a 13yo Aspie girl who was a target because of her fascination with Star Wars. Find the program.
