So it really shouldn’t come as any great surprise to learn that the Cairn Press will be publishing a collection of Seamus Scanlon’s short stories. To wit: We are happy to announce the forthcoming publication of Seamus Scanlon’s remarkable short story collection, AS CLOSE AS YOU’LL EVER BE. Due for release in July, 2012, Scanlon’s collection is what can only be described as literary noir. Blood and memory fuel the elegant prosody that meanders between the spartan and the poetic, and the violence of Ireland is something that cannot be left behind. Intriguing, no? I met with Seamus Scanlon in September of last year, when a rabble of Irish crime writers toddled over to New York for the launch of DOWN THESE GREEN STREETS, and were so wonderfully received at Ireland House in NYU. At the time, if memory serves, Seamus was in something of a dilemma; keep writing the short stories he was so obviously good at, but which don’t necessarily sell very well as collections; or abandon the short stories for a novel, a form in which he wasn’t entirely confident of his ability. I’m delighted to see that Cairn Press had the foresight to follow through on Seamus’s natural ability as a short story writer, and not try to shoehorn him into something he isn’t. That said, he recently distinguished himself as a playwright too …
‘Daughter, at last it is favourable. Yesterday’s rains have made the earth soft, and moist. Now, the moon is shining her benevolence.’
Bit suspicious that I received a missed call from a number 666 and then months later I stand accused of being behind Breivik for the media wolves hungry for a story over the tragic events that day as they sought for someone to apportion blame upon for the public.
Wonder if that would work as a defence...didn't go too well for Winona Ryder..
Indonesia is clearly, by virtue of its size, location and status as a democracy, one of the most important countries to the United States in Asia. The country has more Muslim faithful than Iran, Iraq, Egypt and Saudi Arabia combined. The strategic sea lanes that pass through and along Indonesian territory carry one-third of the world’s sea-borne trade, and half of the world’s oil passes through the Malacca Strait.
(#1 had to stay back in NC because she is in summer school. She stayed at home and took care of things and commuted back and forth from Raleigh to Chapel Hill everyday. Lola and Charlie (and Bubbles) were glad about that!!)
Any citizen who is serious about problem solving knows this:
Somehow it is March already; the Easter holidays loom. I cannot believe how fast this academic year has gone. Unlike my fellow 2nd Year friends at Routes, I will not be taking a Year Abroad, so I find myself faced with the very real prospect of a Third Year only a few months ahead. Not only does Third Year bring with it the fear of dissertations and a workload that will shock the carefree and relaxed student lifestyle, but what really is scariest is knowing it will be my final year; the year before searching for a job becomes a very real, and daunting, task.
No one involved with these projects, as far as I know, seems to directly account for McLuhan as some godfather of the interdisciplinary field, but I would argue that none of these scholarly endeavors would have been possible without him. Contemporary scholars, working toward more critical dimensions in the relations between religious media and mediated religion, rarely quote from McLuhan, and that’s probably as it should be–McLuhan was happy to utter grand sentences, and had a knack for aphorisms that may or may not be proven correct. But the proclamations of the Toronto literature professor, especially in the 1960s, opened doors to ways of thinking far beyond the “content analysis” that can still occupy religious thinking on the media. McLuhan’s most-famous dictum, “The medium is the message” was expanded on in his 1964 Understanding Media: The Extensions of Man. The statement is certainly hyperbole, but building on others’ work at the time (including Lewis Mumford, Eric Havelock, and Harold Innis) McLuhan used the very media he examined to shock us into the reality that how a message is conveyed really does matter.
Mom is a Killjoy: Is the Queen ever pleased by anything? The Queen is even a spoilsport to the Queen Mother, pointing out that royal regulations prevent any princes besides the Crown Prince from living in the main palace. So the Queen Mother's long-lost grandson Yul has to stay far away from her. Boo, mom. Boo.
This is a page in my swedish friend Tina's journal. Her theme is Dreams and hopes and we are to work with the colours black,white and a touch of red.
“Fuel, not ignitions, causes fire. You can send an arsonist to Death Valley and he’ll never be arrested.” -Richard Minnich
Your business, your department, and even you become irrelevant to your customers the second they no longer think of you as a resource and solution to their problems. Few think about it that way, but it’s true. Customers are trying to solve a problem they have and need you to do it. Put another way, from the customer’s point of view, your business (department, team, etc.) is useful and relevant only if you can solve their problem.
Holt and Ed Orgeron were abysmal failures at Idaho and Ole Miss, respectively.
Now meditate on this piece from 1903 the next time you’re on Mopac at 5:30pm: “Pierre Bremond of Austin, who came to San Antonio for the Battle of Flowers with his wife on an automobile made the trip in eight hours running time. They left Austin Monday afternoon and stayed over night in New Braunfels, traveling fifty-four miles and crossing two rivers, having two and a half feet of water. Mr. Bremond thinks that the trip can be made in four to five hours’ time on fair roads.”
The best way to improve your writing is to write...and write and write and write! At some point, however, you need to practice submitting your writing. Today, I'll share four fun places to do just that! First, I have a little personal announcement:
Professors are not constrained by a mandatory retirement age. But then, neither is an accounting professional who has become an independent consultant.
So take a look at the sky tonight,
Sometimes it’s just so hard to focus, isn’t it?
In order to catch the attention of potential readers, you must have a story that captures them from the very beginning. Most stories tend to start on the first day; it’s almost an oxymoronical statement to suggest otherwise. With Days with the Undead, I place you right into the action. There is no gentle build to the crux of the story; instead you are thrown head first into the flight of the main characters as they evade the Undead…
Cain’s reaction to God’s rejection was much worse than any writer who thought he had the perfect novel. The youth took his anger out on his brother and killed him. That’s like one of us killing a successful novelist because our book was rejected.
Our trip to Thailand is not looking good. Even if they get the protesters out, it will take at least a week for the airport to get back to the security level required for flights in and out.
Hat:
passes over
Kiva is an organization that connects its members to microlenders. For $25, you can help improve a person, or a group of persons, lives. I found Kiva a couple of years ago, and admittedly haven’t been as active with it as I’d like. But my one-time loan of $25 has already been paid back twice. Each time it’s paid back, I simply re-lend it to someone else.
Now since I have been an adult, I have not been a real religious fellow. Maybe it is because for most of my adult life I have lived with a visual impairment and for the last few years pretty much total blindness. Of course being me, I have had to find someone or something to blame for my life situation. That blame has landed at the feet of the invisible man upstairs. If there is a heaven and hell, lets just say hopefully the good that I have done in my life will outweigh all the times I have taken God’s name in vain. To keep this a family oriented blog, lets just say I have called the man upstairs several four letter names. There has been a lot of anger directed at him. Don’t judge until you are in my position.
Emma Roberts posed for photographers on the black carpet at the Yves Saint Laurent sponsored premiere of Jules Massenet‘s ‘Manon’ held at The Metropolitan Opera House on Monday (March 26) in New York City.
There are some deep-fried foods that I have tried, the ones of the novelty variety, that I will admit were pretty darned tasty. I don’t foresee me having them anytime in the near future, but as warm weather and county fairs are upon us if you are presented with the opportunity to try any of these next few items, go on and have a bite – you won’t be sorry.
My work is part of a three-person show in Sharonville (a suburb of Cincinnati), Ohio, along with the wonderful art of Suzanne Fisher and Jan Boone. It's called "Figuratively Speaking", because the pieces by all three artists depict the human figure, albeit in very different styles and media. For some reason, my work is not pictured on the invitation. It's kind of strange- I don't really know how to interpret that.
- 360 degree rotation allows your baby to face rear, forward, or sideways
A draft is something you should keep to yourself. It is an unfinished book. You wouldn't serve someone a half-cooked meal, would you? Especially not if you were running a restaurant and expected them to pay for it? So don't send a publisher a draft of your book. It's not their job to tell you what to do with it to finish it, and it's certainly not their job to finish it for you; it's your job to know what it needs and do it.
Watch for Plank II’s release in early April. Plank II will join the Mutiny Fleet portfolio of beers available in 22oz. bottles and very limited draft and cask.
And I.
In Bangaluru and Mumbai, it was the love and dedication of our volunteers that made our events such a darling of the people and the media.
Instead of looking like this:
Suburb names: I am under the belief that every country in the world has a suburb called ’7 Mile Beach’, imagine how the residents of this suburb would feel if they had to start writing their address as 11.27 kilometer beach.
I suppose that most of the time I use ‘said’ but I reserve the right to use ‘muttered’, ‘grumbled’,’ argued’, and anything else that suits my story if I choose. So there.
A First Look at XML
That doesn’t mean the simplifying rhetoric of wedge politics, its tendency to polarize and demonize and, as “culture wars” implies, to leave no room for common ground. Instead, it means we need a willingness not only to take on the moral dimensions of public policy but to do so in all of their complexity – even as we know that this is the harder road.
Hello dear friends, hope you have enjoyed your Easter and if you are in Australia enjoying this special Anzac Day. We are having a day at home today, and Nate and I are doing various activities together. Painting, a bit of cleaning, setting up the train tracks, grooming dogs.....and I am just about to sit down to some scrapping.
Hope all of you are enjoying summer as much as my little peanut and I are! Until later, stay cool and keep blogging!
I had never taken a class... beyond college... but a class I was looking forward to taking for fun - this was a first. The ladies at Funky Hanna's in Racine were so accommodating, answering all my questions and making sure everyone felt welcome. Class was full and the energy amongst all the women beading was incredible!
In your story, maybe that’s just what your hero needs. Someone to compete against, someone to make life difficult, maybe even someone to hate–but most importantly– someone he also has to live with.
As I've said before, there are more recipes for Jambalaya than you can shake a stick at, but I like to prepare the ones using good ‘ol southern elements. This one uses simple ingredients which are the basis for good jambalaya but you'll notice it contains no tomatoes unlike many other Cajun or Creole versions. I talked about the Creole's early influence in this dish with my Creole Ham Jambalaya recipe I shared back in 2009 and then last year I brought back a favorite one with many of you, Cajun Pastalaya which is a mix-mesh of several recipes but one you seem to like. That post sees more traffic than just about any of my Cajun recipes. There is also an earlier Vegetarian Jambalaya recipe from long ago. And I have not even begun to scratch the surface of these one-pot-meals. Enjoy!
We beseech Allah to make victorious His Religion (Islam) and to make superior His Words and to lead all the Muslims to that in which His Pleasure is-Amin.
Because of these cats, do I have to close my kitchen door all the time? I like bright sunny kitchen with nice ventilation! I should really buy some wire mesh to protect my pots, and send the bills to the owner! I had a 'chit-chat' with their owner, who says that she doesn't have the time to care for so many cats and intend to send the kittens either to the SPCA or to give away to some friends, keeping only the older ones. I told her what her cats did, I know that she is not to be blamed for what her cats did, but as the owner, she is responsible. She laughingly told me to buy a cat spray (what is that?), supposedly to keep cats away if sprayed at that particular area! Maybe I should and pass the bill over to her! Well, I did told her that I will shoo them away with water and elastic sling! Guess what? I have her blessings!
The Mobile Transcript is a novel app that is very useful for all legal professionals. A lawyer, paralegal, court reporters or legal assistant can employ this app to review court transcripts or depositions. This device even allows a person to annotate their files!
So in the meantime here are some more random things my children have said:
2) 8 Utah Jazz @ San Antonio Spurs, 6 pm TNT/SAS 1-0
They at first almost didn't believe it, or at least they were shell-shocked. But I said 'Look, please have my doc's office fax them over. Confer with each other and come back. I'm not going anywhere. Then make your decision. I'll abide by whatever you decide. But all I am asking is for you to look at the data and think about it.'
We had a 9 AM appointment at Allegheny. Colleges do their best to make prospective students feel wanted, and Allegheny had a TV monitor in the admissions office that scrolled through the names of all the high-schoolers who were visiting that day, including my son:
It was women after women.
Most projects for the Olympic Games, major public works and agricultural, owe their existence to the cheap labor of immigrants.
We’re back with another sketch for SSD and the DT and our guests have some fun inspiration with the sketch!
VIDEO from Day 22 ( Oct 8th)
Grab your coat and get your hat
You have been nominated—
Cheese: I hate cheese in most forms, but both H & P enjoy it. Even though it is gosh darn expensive to buy organic string cheese, I get it for them every so often because it's a quick, easy way to give them extra protein and calcium. Plus, I can cut them up and throw them in their omelets if I don't have any other cheese on hand.
as her fledgling mind would surmise.
This body cream has a great coffee scent; it's a lighter coffee scent than their Kona Coffee Body Polish but it's still a coffee scent and I like it. The product itself is very rich and creamy - yet it melts into your skin beautifully. It dries down nicely, leaving your skin silky soft and smooth. A perfect follow up their Kona Coffee Body Polish!
Superman saves the President from drowning, but that's just the straw that breaks the camel's back for Norm Sythe. Years ago at Clark Kent's graduation, the inventor was the commencement speaker; but was really there to use his "mento-extractor" to harvest unused brain-power from three grads...and Clark. Now with his equipment super-charged with Superman's unused brain-power (and if you've read 50's Superman stories, that has to be a helluva lot) Sythe is able to control the three grads, use them as invisible flying phantoms to kidnap Superman, and "brainwash" him into thinking he's in a Kryptonite cage. All to get his revenge on history.
If we don’t buck up our ideas, we may fall further down the pecking order. The recent successes of Borussia Dortmund in the Bundesliga have come to light. People seem to forget that they are leading Champions League semi-finalists Bayern Munich by eight points. We as a nation need to realise this. We must take the continental competitions seriously once more; we need three or even four teams back in the quarters and semis. It’s as simple and easy as that.
It is a strong case study in the phenomenon. Most people now identify the dominant stresser on that to be the economy. Germany was in an economic tailspin, people where scared, they lash out for a focus for that fear and Hitler gave it to them. So it's Hitler's fault. Yes and no. In the immediate sure it was.
The complaint names the department’s director, its pharmacy supervisor and unnamed execution team leaders as defendants. By law, the executioners’ names are secret. But Shapiro said depositions of unnamed witnesses and other discovery materials in federal lawsuits show that the drugs, available only by prescription, are not being administered by licensed medical professionals.
Tomorrow is the annual day when Rita's Italian Ice kicks off its season by giving away from custard and Italian ice. Most years, it's humorous because mid-March is too cold to make frozen desserts sound appetizing, but the warm spring makes this seem almost natural.
But she plays a matriarch, out for vengeance in our organisation’s Halloween event.
So funny story. One of the editors said to me randomly, "You know Friday is the Open-See event at Henri Bendel. Are you going?" For those of you who don't know, Bendel's is infamous for their designer open calls. It's like American Idol for accessories designers. It's a first come first serve event where you stand in line for hours and then present your collection to the buyers of the prestigious store. I figured what are the odds that I would be in New York with nothing to do on a Friday so I had to try to go. Mind you I was flying back to LA at 4pm. I figured I had to at least try. If I didn't get in by 12:30 I'd leave for the airport. So I woke up before the sun was out to stand in line.
“When most of the members were loading up their cars and heading home, the Energy and Power Subcommittee met again to finish its hearing with Secretary Chu. With no Democrats returning for the hearing, and most of the major media gone, Secretary Chu was forced to admit that at the time of the subordination of the loan guarantee to Solyndra the cost of producing Solyndra’s solar panels was greater than the retail price of the competing Chinese product. Remember, subordination saw private financiers or investors illegally put in front of U.S. taxpayers as creditors if Solyndra were to go bankrupt, as it did in August.
‘No you haven’t – that was ‘chaussure,’ I corrected them.
is to lie down and become a beach
A 4-foot tall sex doll dressed like a kid tripped my "DANGER, PAT ELROD" trigger, so I hit the stop button before I reached the gagging point and vomited.
Super Simple Peanut Butter Fudge
It’s useful and legitimate to isolate Jewish leftism and cultural Marxism, to assemble relevant facts and discuss their characteristics and harmful consequences. But it can’t be done reliably by people who testify for the defense in Holocaust deniers’ trials (pdf), and then deny the denial. It cannot be done by people who ascribe a collective malignancy to others, but are themselves so tainted by a malignancy that they view all of Western history with shades fashioned to block all light frequencies but the narrow band of cherchez le juif.
resulted in great bodily harm,
A bitter sweet form of teasing.
Hell, if I want to scare myself to death, I can just sneak a between-my-fingers peek at my bank balance.
One night, we were dining at our favorite restaurant. I was picking at the grilled chicken and steamed fish, I was morose. I saw his eyes shift over to me and I realized he wasn't as cold to my moods as I thought. Some song started to play in the background, an old song called "Lovefool".
I don’t know if most people see the left as silly nitwits. I’m not even sure Fleming sees us as silly nitwits because he also says we’re out-of-touch elitists in the very same article. It’s hard to be out-of-touch elitists if everyone is laughing behind our backs. The “elite” label implies that we’re above everything. Being the butt of a secret joke would be at odds with that meme.
Now we can begin. First pick the "cupcake" fabric. For this one I used actual cupcake fabric. I am also doing zebra print ones. I may show those in part 2.
2012 Face of Full Figured Fashion Week™ Cover Model Search
Congressman Mike Pompeo (KS-04)
People, like at least 85% spend their whole day trying to make themselves important. It is so desperate and needy. It is so gross. I used to go to Quaker meetings because they are super-fun, you should so go if you haven’t but felt slightly cheated as the spirit never spoke to me. The whole exercise is about really listening. Since I have dumped off so much shame, I have been practicing that in real life. The weird thing is the more I practice the less I hear words and the more I feel energy. The easier the solutions come.
Tonight was our ward Christmas party which the primary was in charge of. I'm in the presidency so Ammon got nominated to be a Roman Soldier for a small part at the beginning and he was suppose to be in costume. Well you know me, always pinching penny's. On top of making all the tutu's, I made Ammon a Roman soldier costume as well. cardboard, pleather, and a hot-glue gun have become my best friends. Would you believe that after I went to all that work, I forgot my camera so the only picture I have is from my phone? I might have to make Ammon get dressed back up to take a better picture because you cannot see all the detail in this picture. Would you believe that his helmet is made of a bucket? Today I was searching the house for something I could use and saw some buckets I use for storage. Cut it up and add some cardboard and pleather....ta-da.
Duran Duran A view to a kill US
Absolutely not.
"I'm so tired of doing everything for you."
When I'm close or away it's confirmed to be true
This gift card holder was made from scraps left over from a previous project and card stock cut at 3 1/2 x10 and scored at 5 inches to fold.
Maybe it was just too much for me to process, and now my brain finally has. Maybe I was triggered by counseling today. Maybe by Ai’s new facebook post. Maybe by thoughts that a bunch of alums will be visiting this weekend and how am I going to handle that. Maybe because it’s concert week and that just makes me think about dance and Ai and how much I want to be a part of both concert and Ai’s life. Maybe it’s hormones. Hell if I know.
That, to the nightmare prone, it seems, the nightly darkness brings.
Castor left her, and went out to his day’s work. When he returned, exhausted, still anxious, his wife showed him the new blanket she had woven.
2 apprenticeship
Club Ifor Bach, Cardiff October 2000
Hey man, what’s the plan, what was that you said?
Yes, I am aware that I have a chair problem.
Lupus is a chronic inflammatory disease (also autoimmune) that can damage any part of the body……joints, skin, organs. In Lupus, something goes wrong with the part of your body that usually attacks germs and viruses (immune system). It starts attacking your body. You are born with the predisposition to develop Lupus. Most people who develop Lupus have other problems first. I had endometriosis. It is also an autoimmune inflammatory disease. I had seven surgeries on my female organs between the ages of 18 and 25. The seventh surgery was a complete hysterectomy. My body was used to attacking my uterus and ovaries and when they were removed it chose another form of attack. And to answer your question, I DO feel like less of a woman. It wasn’t just the hysterectomy. It was all of it. Everything and years of sickness all wrapped up into one big ball.
I’m working on two further books about Anna, following on from ‘Coping with Chloe’. I’ve also written a story about a girl called Mollie who happens to be a non-speaker. It’s called ‘The Mollie Awards’ and I’m hoping it will come out before too long.
We paused so that I could make a telephone call and I spoke to Melanie, telling her about the solemn vow I had made not to procreate. I had not told her before because I was expecting her to be crushed and possibly end our relationship, as she is a teacher and always wanted children of her own. Instead, she told me that it didn’t matter, that she was with me for me, regardless of whether or not we had kids. I was struck with the knowledge that she loved me unconditionally and the Minotaur whispered that it was a love that I do not deserve. Although I am unable to give her any of the things she wants and deserves, she still stands by me, as painful and difficult as it must be to do so.
And that’s it from Lazard. There are other tidbits I was able to gather, but the previous points where the things that generally stood out to me and warrant mentioning on my blog for further reference. I will come back to this later in more detail, especially the liquidity point when I have structured my thoughts on the rest of the asset reflation equation. In the mean time, top this appetizer plate off with a few other fun tidbits I caught while spending some quality time in the Land of the Rising Sun:
To further convince you of the importance of sleep, see below picture:
Athena the Brain is the first in the Goddess Girls series, a series of books for pre-teens where the protagonists are the Greek Goddesses as teens at school, learning what it takes to be a proper goddess. While at school, they bump into the other gods and goddesses we know from the myths, with a hint of humour.
Or he couldn’t be at all.”
her snout was covered in blood.
I thought I would say a few words about subplots. Why we need them and why we don’t.
Crossing the Line – into Senior Hood
She is an original design and is full of vibrant patriotic colors and patterns. She has sorrorful big blue eyes that I hope helps us to remember those who have given their lives for the sake of our freedom.
f statements before the Pretoria High Court, told their harrowing tale of how they were for no reason stuffed into overcrowded police cells and had to endure “intimate” body searches by members of the SAPS.
All in all, things would be going smoothly and this little errand for his superiors would be resounding success, save for one small hiccup. It was a ridiculous thing, honestly, but the SS didn’t deal in loose ends and somebody somewhere down the line has screwed up. That person’s name was Untersharfuhrer Marcus Dantrich, and presently Stolik was off to fix whatever mess the idiot sergeant had gotten himself into.
I currently have 3 other; relatively expensive Belgian style American beers in stock; as a result of this; Tom questioned whether we needed to stock another?... Valid point. Although; in true Ruth Deveney style; I didn't admit it. I was thinking; I'm going to have to push this on newly separated men or Wiley hen party participants; on namesake alone; if it's not a beer I'd happily endorse.
Slowly, I began getting a few likes and polite comments on my entries. Some comments gave me another perspective to a topic I blogged about, and I started seeing this as a positive and useful channel of communication.
· Sketch needs to be ready by the first Monday of each month.
“Just Left @GoDaddy due to their promoting #SOPA and their new CEO’s half-hearted reversal. We don’t live in China or Iran yet … #ByeDaddy,” @DaveScott9
And so? We bowled! And he loved it! Granted he wasn’t strong enough to actually toss the ball down the lane, so he was pushing it, but he really enjoyed himself.Or so it seemed… Lurking behind all of that high-fiving and shouting and cheering was a timebomb just waiting to go off.
How was your weekend? Did you have parties? or just relaxing @ your house??
William Klein (1 gelatin silver print and 1 book, 1955, 1956)
Cascade Brewing Temptor -- good stuff
She caught herself before letting go of a huge sigh of relief and just made her smile even wider.
- Meetings (especially concerning school) are conducted is a very different and often annoying way here. They put you in a hot stuffy room, talk about nothing really of importance and keep you for much longer than necessary. And in the end you come out with a piece of paper with info you could have read yourself. Sorry this sounds very complain-y. but it is a recurring theme here.
Fourth, now it is time to enjoy and EAT UP! Anything homemade always tastes better so don't be too concerned if the cake doesn't look exactly like you had pictured in your mind. At times you might find that the process of making the cake is more enjoyable than the final product!
2. All natural* pork sirloin roasts and chops or chicken tenders, 1.97/lb. at Sprouts (through 5/12/10)
Southern Tier Imperial Choklat Stout
That night changed my life in many ways. I realized how different I was. One day I’m sure stories of my childhood will come out more in this blog, but it was that day I realized that other people can see the difference in our family. Other people know they treat me different. Other people can see it too and I didn’t feel so alone after that. I started reading more, stories were my escape, but I also read about abuse, ways to help myself, ways to get better. I know I need help, because there is a lot I struggle with, but right now I am doing the best I can. I might turn this blog into therapy and review for myself, to talk about the things I can’t, to share my story with others. I know it helped me hearing stories like mine, so maybe I can help someone else.
Would you pray?
Now it’s Midnight. In three minutes Tuesday starts. No time to stop and move heads and hands. That is a task for the next Monday.
Sighing as she came into the kitchen and found it too empty. Sitting at the table she turned her head with another sigh and rested chin in the palm of her hand, elbow on the back of the chair. Achy red eyes gazing out the window at the sky colored too bright a blue and cluttered with overstuffed clouds. Much like it had for Ben, the loveliness of the day sparked anger for Donna as well. The clouds reminded her of that cream-colored teddy bear still sitting in the now useless crib down the hall. A sky like that was straight out of a million children’s books. She was sure there were at least three in Luke’s room that had identical pictures. It was so unfair that she couldn’t read them too him anymore, so unfair that he couldn’t see the sky anymore.
Stephen Byrne (Louis Hayward) is a writer, but not an especially successful one. He is first seen seated outside his riverside home and working on a manuscript. When a neighbour comments on a foul animal carcass that the current has been carrying up and down the waterway for days, he remarks that it’s a similar story with his writing – his publisher keeps returning it. Despite the light tone of these comments, the river, and its tendency to return anything tossed into it, plays a significant (and even vaguely supernatural) part in the plot. While his professional shortcomings only serve to hint at a weakness in Stephen’s character, the sly, lustful glances he steals at his attractive housemaid make that flaw obvious. Taking advantage of his wife’s absence, he decides to try his hand at seducing the help. However, his inadequacies manifest themselves again and he botches the attempt. What’s worse is that in an effort to prevent the girl’s cries from alerting the neighbours to his philandering, he accidentally strangles her. These early scenes inside the opulent yet oppressive home, all carved furniture and flock wallpaper, are particularly well staged and shot; the extreme angles and the high contrast photography conveying a sense of claustrophobic menace and terror. Having his brother John (Lee Bowman) stumble on the killing might appear to be just one more calamity to befall this man. Nevertheless, it turns out to be something of a godsend. John, with his stiff leg and retiring manner, is the polar opposite of Stephen, a kind and considerate man whose sense of civic duty is only exceeded by his loyalty to his brother. So, when Stephen begs for his help in covering up what he claims was merely a tragic miscalculation, John agrees to bail him out. With the body of the unfortunate servant bundled into an old wood sack, the two brothers row out on the river at night and dump the evidence. But it’s from this point on that the story begins to twist and turn like the meandering river and continues to do so until the literal and metaphorical tide brings everything back home. As events unfold, the contrasting characters of the two brothers are thrown into sharp relief, John’s stoicism and honour growing as the crisis deepens while Stephen’s venal and deceitful nature gradually consumes him.
I love you Daddy
A number of players from industry, education and government are working together to make sure the right people with the right skills are ready to work and sustain this long-term period of activity. Career Link is going to keep our eye on the following for job and training news in Shipbuilding and Repair:
Tuesday - Roasted chicken breasts
an opinion ████
One of the very first tasks Nelson Mandela performed when South Africa was handed over on a platter to the communists, was the release of 1000’s of prisoners from jail, an act that caused a sudden increase in the crime rate, particularly violent crimes and murder. In Libya the exact same strategy was followed to ‘assist’ with the speedy “liberation” of the country. 1000’s of prisoners were released from Libyan prisons. Many of those criminals were trained al-Qaeda terrorists.
Taking the Loess Hills Drive to South Dakota
What you do
They said the sheriff's daughter wanted to come, but her daddy'd locked her in the house till the baby came. They said she was hoping for a boy, but the Indian woman come through town said it was going to be a little girl for sure. Hell if I cared. I already had a brother and a sister. And I'd always been short a father -- today was just the last nail in the coffin, so to speak.
Sean, randomly, "I smell like bubbles!!"
Elvis hits his “comeback” stride with the Memphis Sessions, Led Zep I is released, Beatles play on the roof of Apple Records, Tommy is released, John and Yoko conduct their “bed-in”, Brian Jones dies, Woodstock happens, Abbey Road is released, John gives back his MBE, Altamont happens, Sixties end.
This year I had a wonderful opportunity to celebrate Chinese New year/ Spring festival with my husbands family who lives in Wanzhou( Chongqing district). About 3 hour plain flight from Beijing, and then 4 hour car drive from Chongqing to Wanzhou. Let me just tell you this at first. I have been to wanzhou before, BUT I was there before Beijing become my home. NOW I appreciate Beijing so much more. Beijing is clean compared to Wanzhou, it is not as overcrowded as Wanzhou and chongqing, and people in Beijing now actually have better manners to compared to Wanzhou. And Cars don't honk in Beijing as much as in Wanzhou, and people don't spit as much they do in Wanzhou. And also food is better and restaurants are cleaner here in Beijing. So I am very happy, that I am in BEIJING.
On the writing front I would like to announce that I am OFFICIALLY a writer, not because I’ve been accepted for publication, but because I’ve had my first rejection for Living in the Past from a publisher. Well, that makes me a proper writer, doesn’t it? So I've also made a few writing goals which I need these to keep focussed because there were times this year when I gave up - it didn't last, of course - after a few days, I felt anxious, restless and unfulfilled. Writing is the milk in my tea; the fondant on my cup cake, the ice- cream on my jelly.
As a student I once went with a group of my fellows to an ‘eat-all-you-can’, fixed price, buffet-style restaurant. Being students, naturally, we recognised an opportunity to feed copiously at modest cost but we also saw it as a challenge. Although it was long ago, I can remember the stony expression on the proprietor’s face as we left having destroyed his hopes of a profit for that evening. Since those early, innovative days of the eat-all-you-can business model they have introduced some measures to safeguard against loss. Nothing as crass as the banning of students - just a few subtleties such as smaller plates, overpriced drinks and cheaply-produced dishes. Oh, and the general adoption of the less challenging ‘eat-all-you-like’ slogan.
Dear Mr. Savage:
Today our nation is full of compromising believers… they lie… they cheat… they deny Jesus… they are full of greed… they live like the unredeemed… They have poisoned the springs of water… They have muddied the waters. Paul strongly wrote in 2 Corinthians 6: 17-18, “Therefore, come out from them and separate yourselves from them, says the Lord. Don’t touch their filthy things, and I will welcome you. And I will be your Father, and you will be my sons and daughters, says the Lord” (NLT). Many Christians feel that God has alienated Himself from them… and that they are not received by God as a family member. If you feel this way… Have you joined yourself to something you shouldn’t have? Have you made any wrong compromises?
And then D and K want to take pictures, so I show them how to use the camera.
As I walked outside to my patrol car, mom carried her boy out into the yard to thank the neighbor's for their immediate and dedicated help. Dad pulled up and got out of his car. His cheeks were streaked with tears of relief, fear, and guilt. He gave me a smile and a nod since speech had not yet returned to his faculty of senses. He joined his wife and son with a long embrace.
We have made alot of noise, but no shine in the world for us individualy is higher than the name itself, and those brothers who started ZULU KINGS.
Transferring Justice and Home Affairs issues into the first pillar would mean that all proposals to harmonise criminal law across the EU and matters of police cooperation would:
When I have my wellies on, I always take my first step into a puddle rather tentatively, as if they may have become porous since the last usage. After that I love to walk directly through any puddle in sight. It feels very powerful when everyone else is tiptoeing round the edges to charge straight in without a care.
I felt like this memoir was sincere and honest and I really enjoyed it. Go out and get it right now!
Things to do/see/have by the new year
3 Could Be Good Again Okashi 4:29
I have them marked for death. I will get my garden back, in the form of venison. We did have 2 squash plants that survived. So I've got a lot of stupid yellow squash and that's it. La-de-da.
Have you ever thought about how it makes your husband feel?
Friday Five : ‘frī-(,)dā,-dē ‘fīv : On the sixth day of every week, I hit the shuffle button on my iTunes, then share the first five tracks and thought for each track. Sometimes there is a playlist involved, occasionally we’ll have a guest, but most of the time it’s just me. The rest is up to you, our friends and readers! Fire up your media player of choice and share the first five random track of your shuffle in the comments.
The later the girl comes to visit, so it is smiling.
Yesterday, Lelo told me she wanted to see “The Man.” So I lifted her up and told her not to touch him. “Be careful,” said I. “Manny is still growing and if you touch him you could hurt him.” I turned my back for half a second. Apparently, it was a quarter-second too long. Before I could stop her, Lelo reached out and grabbed “The Man” by his leaves and pulled up. Oh the tragedy!
Recently I was part of a debate, in which the discussion got really heated up. It got to a point where some individual that was involved in the debate took what I was saying very personally. The topic is a very touchy subject for some individuals in the group due to their culture and background. I respect where they are coming from and can understand them, however I am a very “by the book” kind of person, and I believe in keeping things simple.
In contrast, Amazon's return policy is so lenient unscrupulous customers can have a field day buying, reading and returning books without ever actually spending money to subsidize their reading habits. In essence, Amazon lets a customer return an ebook for any reason within 7 days of purchase for a full refund.
For the L, G, and B people, it’s hard. But imagine what it’s like for the transmen/women who are looking for jobs. Like that post above for instance. Especially when you’re already in the middle of transition. The thing is, whether or not your lesbian, gay, bisexual, heterosexual, cisgender, or transgender, it shouldn’t even matter. We don’t work with our penis/vagina do we? But of course, we all know that for some, if not most people, it still very much is an issue.
The European who sees bare breasts cannot help thinking that something is going to happen. But nothing does happen. So he gets accustomed to it. - Henri Michaux, in Bali
They don’t have seats inside the shop where it’s air-conditioned so you have no choice but to eat outside. I’m not a fan of eating/drinking outside, whether it’s a cafe, lunch, merienda… Well, maybe sometimes when the air is cool, that’s ok… Luckily, the air is cool that day.
"Oh, then you just cross the border," he says, like it's nothing.
Mum promptly scooped said turd into a plastic bag and binned the offending 'evidence' while I quickly washed up the used dishes, whisk and pot. By the time Dad came home from work, the utensils have been stashed away and the waste bin empty. It was as if nothing happened after dinner.
Special thanks to Jason and also Mel from Atlantic Records.
Where did my 5th grader learn to express himself like that I wondered? Oh, duh. My family has always been one to share our feelings with words more than actions.
1417***D-III/18/2002. “The Gospel According to St. Paul.” Alumni Course, The Basic Program of Liberal Education for Adults, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item B-15 (Projected), pp. 199-204, n.101(2004).)
17.Delta Land Blues
I was tremendously happy when I recently saw a three ideal women’s media outlets – Huffington Post, The Frisky, and People Magazine – coincide at the very moment of publication for a women’s fiction novel I worked on. I credit the author here, too, because she already had the following, and paid attention to her audience, per Gretchen’s model. Surprisingly, of those three outlets, the least known of the three brought the author the most eyeballs and conversation. This was her post on “The Frisky,” a pop culture oriented, young women’s relationship/love site that happens to get a lot of traffic and engagement online. The particular advantage of this placement was that it reached a demo of women who were not the author’s primary readership, thereby expanding audience and potentially breeding new fans and readers.
Today I ran my first 8k, roughly around 5 miles total. It was a well organized and fabulous coarse in Brea and was celebrating its 21st year. And you can tell by how smoothly it’s run.
We opt for a high-end electric toothbrush that we received for a wedding present ten-plus years ago, but use manual toothbrushes for trips and camping. Environmental Toothbrushes is a company out of Australia (another awesome eco-place to be) that has put together compostable toothbrushes! The handles are made from one of my favorite renewable materials – bamboo and the bristles are a polymer that’s resistant to bacterial growth. The brushes come in medium and soft for adults and a child’s size, too. Beckett gets a kick out of having a “wooden” toothbrush.
replenishing and his thirst for God needs to be quenched.He is longing for a connection,
Also a newbie – Nathan just started coming around this semester. I’m not going to lie, at first I wasn’t sure about this kid, but now he’s grown on us and I love him. Who else would I get to pick on about their Twitter obsession? I need entertainment occasionally. For real though, Nathan is awesome and for a sophomore he’s really taking his career places – already. Basically, he’s the shit.
15. Craig G - Freestyle
I'll spare you the full story, but suffice to say a misdiagnosis wasted most of a week, and left me with a throat that felt as if it had a ball of broken glass jammed there, unable to eat or drink, and furthermore wasted a considerable lump of money on inappropriate medication.
I have so many things to be thankful for during this holiday season....
I’ve tried a few of diets over the years and found a lot of advice comes from thin people. I’m not talking about the formerly plump, but those who have been slender all their lives.
Happy Friday everyone! What a week --- whew! I'm so happy the weekend is upon us and we get a little break from the busy work week. Today I want to share a card I created for this week's Inspiration Friday challenge over at the La La Land Crafts blog. This week, create a project using an image from the Girlfriends collection. I decided to use pretty little Jesalyn!
Ho, ho, ho! A ‘proper’ author, hey, John? I’ve just got in from work – that’s ‘proper’ (!) work (with predictable pay) at the arts centre where I run the youth theatre and where I’ve just spent an hour, not sitting in the sink writing, dammit, (see Sally Nicholls’ post) but up to my elbows in the sink because it’s Christmas, they’re short-staffed and I couldn’t leave the bar staff fast disappearing behind a mound of washing up and a queue of stressy-looking Joe Publics. The dance director and the director of the senior youth theatre have both hand run-ins with the technician in the last couple of days, he’s not best-pleased with me either and this is only the start of the week with the end of term performances by all the theatre and dance groups. Will I still be here on Thursday morning? Or will I have been a) duffed up by the technician? b) thrown into the canal by angry parents? c) closeted in a nice, quiet padded cell – hmmm….maybe they’ll let me have some paper and a pencil in there?
It’s not the size of their clothing!
"I don't think; I know." He was adamant.
Was there ever a defining moment in your life?
using her favorite color.
suffocating all in her throaty embrace
And swathy bees about the grass
Hands this appendage identity
There is a great stall at the Camberwell Market
everything naked before my eyes. I laughed
The ingredients here are all pretty basic and you’ll probably have them in you pantry. Now, before I get to the recipe, let me share a few tidbits. While cooking caramel, continuous whisking is necessary to avoid scorching. If you stop stirring, you’ll see these chewy brown bits popping up—not to worry if this happens, just continue whisking. For a moment while the caramel layer was baking in the oven, I thought it was a disaster. I saw it bubbling furiously which made me quite anxious. I'll tell you what, I did not pulling out when this happened. Instead I waited patiently until the end of the specified cooking time and followed instructions to the dot. Result? Simply amazing!
“What stops you Gogo?” Nomsa asked.
The camaraderie between Shaggy and Scooby Doo is best illustrated by their dining arrangements. They are both perpetually afflicted by ravenous hunger and highly susceptible to bribery with food. But contrary to the norms of human-pet interaction, there is no distinction between them in either the mode of eating or the type of food accepted. Scooby Doo will happily devour any sandwiches and cakes that are placed in his path, and Shaggy does not try to claim first right to them as a human. Similarly, Shaggy will gratefully swallow any “Scooby-snacks” that are thrown in his direction, even though these dog-biscuits were designed to suit the tastes of his canine friend.
No Place to Hide
after wrapping me up tight, he took me away
The government and the media want Americans to focus on the $165 millions in contractual bonuses AIG gave to their employees.
That’s absolutely not true.
There have been claims made that it is possible to make $300 per week with this method. That might be possible for the first few weeks, but eventually you are going to start running out of offers that you are eligible to complete. The reason for this is that you can only do each offer one time, even if it is for a different program. So you can’t sign up for Netflix for the free laptop program, cancel and then sign up again for the free digital camera program.
7). Mark Barron, S to Tampa Bay. I originally had Mark Claiborne going to the “Bucs” on the 5th pick. Unfortunately, I did not have Mark Barron as a top ten first round picks anywhere. However, Tampa Bay is in need of secondary help with the pending legal problems of CB Talibs. Barron will give them some potential to work with on defending pass plays.
"If it were true that once a murderer always a murderer, then we should have had to shut up shop straightaway. But we believed then, and I hope we still do, that it was possible for people to change for the better, that the worst criminal could become a good and virtuous person."
"Not," said Barley. "Who's hijacking me? What goes on?"
To this day, the IoM still will not openly admit that the 1976 swine flu vaccines killed anyone at all. In fact, the IoM was instrumental in laying out the false fairy tale that swine flu vaccines were never responsible for Guillain-Barre syndrome. As the totally discredited government website Flu.Gov explains:
Australia emits 1% of the world's total carbon Dioxide and the government wants to reduce this by 20%t or reduce emissions by 0.2 % of the world's total CO2 emissions.
The Department of Health is committed to supporting healthier choices, including breastfeeding, through the ‘Healthy Child Programme’ as set out in the Public Health White Paper ‘Healthy Lives, Healthy People: our strategy for public health in England’.
The daffodils are just coming out. The ones that are in full bloom are obviously the early-flowering ones, many of them with swept back petals. There were some patches of blue scilla which were also in flower and a lovely bush of witch hazel too. Blossom trees were just coming into flower - give them another fortnight of sun and they will be spectacular.
Ok ok *clears throat*
This is one I’ve tried before -- and not long ago, in fact -- but I wasn’t overly impressed, which was a bit of a shame, I thought at the time, because their Herkenrode Tripel is very good. Anyway, the brewery saw my original post and reckoned I must have got a bad bottle of the Bruin, and they very kindly sent me a few new ones to give it a second chance.
“Here, sit down,” Manny invited in flawless Mandarin as he flipped the short section of log on its end making a flat seat. “You must be tired.”
Last night Ephesians 3:20-21 came to mind for me. “Now to him who is able to do far more abundantly than all that we ask or think, according to the power at work within us, to him be glory in the church and in Christ Jesus throughout all generations, forever and ever. Amen.” These verses are often used as a benediction at the end of a worship service and Paul reminds us that God is sufficient for all our needs and that His power is above and beyond what we think. Too often, we have a feeble estimation of what God can and will do. In essence, we underestimate the power of God in our lives. At the end of 2009, we had many plans for the coming year, but 2010 has turned out be much better than we could have ever imagined. Of course, the Bible tells us just that in Proverbs 19:21; “Many are the plans in a man’s heart, but it is the Lord’s purpose that prevails.” In retrospect, I am so thankful that God is in control and not us. God determined to shower His grace upon our lives and new and amazing ways that we would have never dreamed possible. As I think back on my Christian walk, I see this same pattern over and over again where I planned something, but God’s plans were so much better.
The Philippines is situated along two major tectonic plates of the world – the EURASIAN and PACIFIC Plates. Aside from this, it has 300 volcanoes – 22 as active, an average of 20 quakes per day, 20 typhoons a year, five (5) of these destructive and 36,289 kilometers of coastline vulnerable to tsunami. The responsibility for leadership rests on the provincial governor, city and town mayors and Barangay chairmen in their respective areas.
Besides the tantrums, she has approached it all with gusto and confidence. The baby who slept in our bed, breastfed constantly and needed to be held to not be screaming, the child who I was making numerous rods for my own back with, is the most outgoing, self assured, clever little girl ever.
1 context
If all else fails and we are moving from one scene to another, or we deliberately want to increase the pace of the story, we can use four blank lines or centered asterisks to indicate a scene break.
For a while there we weren’t sure that we’d make it. After following the wooden signs pointing the way, our last fork in the path had no sign. What to do? We made an educated guess…take the right branch of the “Y” and continue hiking up. Worst case would be an easier hike down, which sounded much better than the alternative. Thankfully, we’d calculated correctly and were richly rewarded.
FROM THE U.S AMBASSADOR TO NIGERIA
Already well established in the collective craft beer consciousness as Australia’s premier beer venue for its day-to-day support of the industry it pops up at regular intervals with one day events that serve to further establish their beer street-cred and give the punters something a bit special.
All of a sudden, there he is. I'm catapulted back in time. Memories of spooning, cracking up about boomsticks, choking on his enormous cock, and being spanked until his hands went numb flood my mind.
Be cool.
So, Today is The Day.
At the end of each chapter is a list of questions that can be used for reflection and discussion. So this book can be used as a mini bible study in small groups or on your own.
Sorry. But that phase should be gone for a while. I hope you all had a
nah..this was alot of tinkle! I felt kinda blown off!! SO yesterday on Wed....the teacher says she feels guilty about Monday and is so so sorry that Madie was soaked like that and that they dont keep her in her chair at all times and that she is part of the class, shes a huge priority etc etc etc..super humble apology. I wanted to cry..My Girl cant tell anyone that she is uncomfortable..she doesnt understand and cant tell me what happens in her day...she cant tell anyone that her bottom is wet. She just sits in it. Your guess is as good as mine about what went on that day...but they sure were humble in apologizing about it which kinda blew me back after Tuesdays explanation.
While residents of Nabi Saleh have already endured decades of continuous land grab and expulsion to allow for the ever continuing expansion of the Halamish settlement, the takeover of the spring served as the last straw that lead to the beginning of the village’s grassroots protest campaign of weekly demonstrations in demand for the return of their lands.
As christian we need to realise one thing, we are created to need help, to need networks, to need support – when God created man and the world the only thing that was not good was a lack of fellowship. We are made to need people, we cannot reach our full potential without people.
Was it an admission? The only thing that keeps the statement from being a bright line admission is the qualifier "probably." I would have qualified more carefully, with "even if" or "assuming for the sake of argument."
My thrower, Mr. Hodgensworth stays back in safety, looking for someone to get open, but he feels like he's watching the three stooges with all these guys going stupid and hurting themselves!
Remember that these books are listed at a discount through Amazon. You also don’t have to purchase the version that is featured here. Many of these books are available in multiple formats: e–book, hardcover, softcover, and audio. Enjoy!
Wear a smile and have friends; wear a scowl and have wrinkles. ~George Eliot
The houses there have wild, secretive gardens and in one, flowering wattle spilled over the fence. It was after sunset when I took these, and I’m afraid they’re not too clear at all. My little camera doesn’t handle low light at all well, and the flash would flare everything out. Sigh.
How gorgeous is Julia at Gal Meets Glam? Her outfits are fun and modern, and totally wearable by us regular folks. I may have spent the better part of a day reading all her 229 posts.
One of my biggest complaints about crime novels with amateur sleuths is the lack of a compelling reason for the sleuth to investigate. "Reluctantly Ronnie agrees" doesn't tell us anything. And you're missing an opportunity here: Ronnie agrees cause Kellie is cute; Ronnie agrees cause Kellie threatens his dog. In other words, the reason he agrees gives us a clue about character.
I'm going out this week with these 3 words
A series of catastrophic events in 1968 (Andy Warhol being shot by Valerie Solanas, followed by Johnson being mugged, then two days later Robert Kennedy was shot) led Johnson to leave NY and live in increasing seclusion.
I think the love triangle was both a little bit of both something that I planned and that I grew organically. My theory on love triangles is that while it may appear it’s as simple as a heroine (or hero) choosing between two love interests that it’s really about the heroine figuring out who she is and each love interest reflecting a different part of her.
June 28 Albany, NY Times Union Center
Today/ This week I have been:
Noys begins with a reading of Derrida that introduces the need to de-reify negativity, and he then argues, by way of Nietzsche, that a negative politics involves the disruption of accumulation and power. Deleuze’s interest in points of mutation is used to connect this to strategy and intervention, and Latour’s rejection of radical politics is employed, often humorously, to indicate the need to think negativity as practice. This is followed by a particularly successful discussion of Negri, whose Spinozist monism is said to paralyse the identification of strategic points of attack. Noys then uses Badiou to suggest that negativity might be linked to agency rather than to subjectivity, before closing with a conclusion that ties the resultant elements together.
It only talks a small proportion of the population to bring social nudity into disrepute. Why when there is 3 Klms of clothing optional beach were they naked contrary to the signs.
Possible: Charlize Theron (Lead Actress), Patton Oswalt (Supporting Actor), Diablo Cody (Original Screenplay); Long Shot: Editing
2 water
1/2 cup chopped arugula (another omited item in mine)
will do...
Shin was tortured because his mother and brother planned to flee. My dad was disciplined by the elders because I told another teenager in the congregation that Dirty Dancing was a good movie. My brother was called in because I read gothic romance and attended a pool party where there was underage drinking. No, he wasn’t involved in either scenario. A local needs (which is an opportunity for elders to publicly humiliate someone in the congregation by discussing their sin from the stage) was given in which my family was criticized for getting in an ice fight in a vacant cafeteria of the hospital—days before my mother died there. Only three people were there that day: my brother, my friend, and I. Who told?
In my opinion, based on my experience, this is what makes a consultant worth such a high hourly rate. It’s not just anybody who can present charts with footnote references that will prove whatever the client wants proven. Consultants who do not do this do not continue to get customers for years and years. Who would pay for the unvarnished truth, when unvarnished truth is intuitively obvious? Of course, I’m not saying this particular consulting company delivered the message bought by its clients. I’m just saying my personal experience as an executive who hired consultants was that I paid for a specific message delivery. On the other hand, is it reasonable to conclude that biotech reduced pesticide use by comparing it to what might have happened, had no one ever figured out that there are other ways to farm than spraying poisons?
And then you can do it again and again. Mix it up and keep it fresh. I like doing My Opinion Monday and WAHM Tip Wednesday (alliteration). I also add in some SEO and trending topics in there (check out my post from Tuesday). And, there is the events calendar (Mother’s Day, anyone?). In between I manage to squeeze in some posts that don’t have a defined theme other than they are mine and related to me as a woman, mother, and WAHM.
Delineating absolutes rules on setting minimum royalties is quite difficult, because so many factors are involved. A reasonable procedure is for the licensor and licensee to try to develop theoretical sales projections, or to use market projections based on the project feasibility study and then to reduce those projections by 20 to 40 percent to arrive at a fair, conservative amount to be used in the agreement.
this--D and Karen are in here, too. How funny
Tell all your friends and I'll see you around town.
Note: The GMS Support Hotline hours of operation are Monday-Friday, 6:00 a.m. to midnight, Eastern Time, except Federal holidays.
The BP will try to push you away out of fear of abandonment causing her to ‘strike first’ before you can do it to her. Trying to negotiate a compromise will be difficult but if you really feel you were never going to abandon her then just do your best to make it easier for her to cope with this difficult time – you are probably hurting too but if you can be friendly about things she may come around or you may be able to salvage something if you can just hold on to the strength she lacks.
Since, in Steele’s world, whites can have no legitimate “white” interests, so notions of racial identity should be shunned. Whites are not to indulge in thinking in terms of the “group,” which conceivably could lead to notions of “superiority,” a vice from which whites must flee. Asserting special regard for the group demonstrates “atavistic” thinking, which excludes others and, therefore, is injurious to “our democracy of individuals.”
Suu Saad & The Next Young girl
Voila! After a little assembling (and getting the dogs out of the way), we now have a new pantry! It's excellent because it doesn't cover up the light switch on the wall and still gives us some space for our trashcan.
“It’s Time to Skype” campaign, launched earlier this month, is based on the premise that social networks such as Twitter and Facebook are “degrading humanity.” Some of the slogans Skype is using for the campaign: “140 characters doesn’t equal staying in touch” and “Upgrade from a wall post to a first class conversation.”
And landed oh so gently
Reich: that’s fine but government won’t be
More money was allocated to new weapons, including the latest warplanes and missiles from Russia and building new things like aircraft carriers. But this did not mean that the PLA was going to become more effective. There had been several attempts to introduce new weapons and new ideas in the previous four decades. All had failed to improve combat abilities because of corruption.
Tonight was the eagerly anticipated pizza night in our house, so having to make a pit stop on the way home was already putting a cramp in my evening. I left work and hurried to Walgreens to pick up a couple necessities. Thankfully, there is one on almost literally every corner. This particular Walgreens was pretty hoppin' for a Friday night, and I weaved in and out of people to get back to the first aid section. You see, my son's feeding tube had become dislodged last night and I needed to get it back in place. And to get it back in place, I needed to lubricate it. I needed....a lubricant.
Pictures of this experiment are forthcoming.
Let him step to the music which he hears, however measured or far away”
Least expected, a force brought me to where you are now. Far from my imagination, we saw each other few months ago. We just both exchanged our sweetest smile.
Sam Cohen of Yellowbirds is also a member of the great Boston band Apollo Sunshine, and was responsible for all of their amazing guitar solos but only wrote and sang some of their best songs. So his solo project is a predictably mixed bag as a collection of songs, but comes off pretty well as a whole thanks to generously textured production and beautiful pedal steel playing.
We were living in Orlando, and as much as I loved it, I longed to be near my family.
I knew that she was right; I just didn’t care at the time. I reverted back to the old “me”, the vindictive “me”. The “me” that didn’t give a damn about you if I even thought you didn’t give one about me. The “me” that would intentionally hurt you just so that you could feel the pain I felt. The “me” that was always the victim and deserved the justice.
Now Phil Woolas, the rat, shows no sign of being an "independent" man, either in actions or thoughts. He is a red rat that swallowed marxism hook line and sinker when he joined the Labour Party at the age of 16. His politics then as now are those of the violent Anti-Nazi League that he supported back then.
We are sad to announce that we are losing one of our original dt members, Carol Ann has been with us from the beginning and we are very sorry to be losing her but wish her much luck in setting up her own new business this year. Another member is taking a little bit of a back seat at the moment due to family pressures, so we are looking for a couple of new dt members to boost our numbers. If you think you might be interested in joining our team where you will be able to choose free digi images to play with and will be asked to contribute a card/project once a fortnight, please just email Jenni with a link to your blog so we can pop over for a look.
I won the roll off, and began with a shot from my Saker into the Kings Life Guard regiment, and advanced my dismounted dragoons through the wood, and pushed forward with the pike and shot battallia. The cavalry edged forward cautiously, not wishing to commit to anything too early on.
not-buying-just-looking
If you are stressed out or have a lot of responsibilities for most of your life, your “flight or fight” response is also on during that time, forcing your body to behave like the world is about to blow up and that’s when it get bad for your health. The more frequently your body’s response is turned on, the harder it becomes to turn it off. Chronic stress disrupts practically every system in your body. It can raise blood pressure, suppress the immune system, increase the risk of heart attack and stroke, contribute to infertility, and speed up the aging process. Prolonged periods of stress can put you in an early grave. Some studies show that long periods of stress can even rewire the brain, which leaves you always on high alert and can cause lots of anxiety and even depression.
6And I saw another angel fly in the midst of heaven, having the everlasting gospel to preach unto them that dwell on the earth, and to every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people,
Drunk guy, "I've been blacking out for years, but right now I'm off my anti-blacking-out medication."
Still, I can't help but think about my next life, the one I plan on having when the days of child rearing and dodging the cookie cutter suburban mindset that acts as my own personal quicksand is behind me. I have noticed that I tend to look backwards when planning to go forward, so I know I'll reach for what brings me joy, comfort and a feeling of home and belonging. My parents adapted very well to the US, I obviously love this country but I've never had the strong urge to stay here. I can't think of anything better than a life filled with afternoon matés on a pretty balcony in BA, nighttime tango bars and trips to Mendoza, Mar de Plata and Patagonia. I love Argentina, the thought of making my way back there makes me happy, walking the streets lends me a familiar feeling of childhood times surrounded by my family, the vibe haunts the cities and envelops me with warmth. Since today my song challenge is to post a song that makes me happy, I can only contribute a video that I love, because this is what Buenos Aires sounds like …. one day it will be my new life, where I can keep only what I want from this one and go on my merry way. How can that make me feel anything but utterly thrilled?
A2 - To Je Pravda
Place sugar in a large mason jar.
wandering through ornate words
The Santa Clause ... ABC Family ... 5 PM
48. Ice cream covers over a multitude of sins. Know her favorite flavor.
So I wrote out six invitations to some neighborhood and classroom girlfriends. I even remember calling out to one of them as I got off the bus, “Don’t forget about my party!”
Persian cucumbers come from the gourd family, and have very smooth and thin skin compared to regular garden cucumbers. They are basically seedless and measure 4-6 inches in length. Even though they are available all year long, it is a spring-summer variety. They have the perfect texture and taste sweet. These days they are visible more in supermarkets and farm stands as their popularity has grown. And right now, they are in stores in large quantities–greeting spring.
So if you take the weighted score and divide it by the number of goals that player has scored you will come up with a number between 0.5 and 1.5 which indicates how likely a player is to score important goals i.e if his weighted score is 1.5 he only scores important goals and if his weighted score is 0.5 he only scores unimportant goals.
10. Land Of Hope And Dreams
“Well, what do you want me to do about it?” the governor asked, not wishing to extend his resources or volunteer anything to this pompous sector commander.
Like MNW, they want submissions over the transom--the first 10,000 words, via e-mail. An interesting policy is that they prefer their reads to be wholly "cold"--no synopsis, no blurbs. (That alone makes me want to give them at least some applause!)
I do guard myself sometimes. I stay away from situations where I know I'll get angry. I don't go to baby showers. I've lost friends. I have. I hate admitting that because it's selfish -- it's a very selfish part of me. If a mom comes in who is pregnant or has a new baby, I usually step away.
It was very clear to Ashi. But Zen bothered thinking why the Captain didn’t asked them if they even wanted to come? "Maybe Captain Kor was thinking that it’s not polite to offer us a thing that every child in the world would obviously glad to have?" he thought to himself.
I used to love the StarKist tuna commercials, but always thought it was kind of morbid that Charlie's dream was to be caught by a fisherman so he could in essence be "processed" and sold as StarKist tuna! There was a rumor floating around for years that Charlie Tuna's likeness was created by actor James Dean, several years before the StarKist company started using Charlie at their mascot. It stemmed from one of James Dean's friends stating he was with him one night in a Los Angeles diner when Dean sketched out Charlie. This claim has been shunned by both the StarKist company and Tom Rogers, the artist who created Charlie. Furthermore, no real evidence has ever been found to truly support the claim.
Frequently sick with flu and colds/Bronchitis/Bronchiolitis – Growing up with smokers and starting smoking around the age of 17 I was sick – a lot! Bronchitis at one point had become so common I had to carry an inhaler, as if I had asthma. I was then diagnosed with Chronic Bronchitis. I had, more than once, Bronchoilitis – which is the step between Bronchitis and pneumonia. I had to use a neutralizer with that. Quitting smoking, for the most part, stopped the chronic bronchitis and bronchiolitis; however, I would frequently get colds and flu very easily. And the flu shot? Forget it! That stupid thing would GIVE me flu! I was always sick. I have to say that I’ve had one major throat infection late fall last year but the rest of this year, as soon as I felt symptoms of anything, I would take 1-2 Tbsp each of some of my homemade Elderberry and Anise tinctures and nothing else has gotten out of hand all winter long! Normally, I would have had colds pretty much nonstop (though typically not reaching bronchitis level it sometimes would and I carry an inhaler still, unless I’m using Eucalyptus essential oil). I also would have had flu anywhere from four to six times by now as well. However, taking those tinctures have kept all that nastiness away! Yay!
3: Devout captain(W), Fervent cathar(R), Hanweir lancer(R), Kessig malcontents(R), Riot ringleader(R)
Our love oozes from these tubes
So there are far more census stories to tell, of the whereabouts of Ley brothers both store-owning and working as common laborers; of Grandma Foutz’s second husband, apprenticing, pre-World-War-II, in the store that would come to employ both Grandma and my dad; of Fisher great-grand-uncles and soon-to-be-inlaws Wayne Waddington (to Doris Foutz) and Ernie Knisely (to Virginia Johnson).
Come to our home for Thanksgiving and when he cuts that turkey, our guests will even taste our love in the juices that flavor it.
chosen azimuth, completing a full back-forth scan (in this
Recommendation: See the movie. You don't have to be a Woody Allen buff to like it, but even if you are you'll still enjoy elements of the movie that are quintessentially Woody Allen, albeit somewhat muted.
One surprise will be noted up front. This is not a courtroom novel. No scenes take place inside of a courtroom, so this is not a Scott Turow-style read. Basically, this is the story of a prosecutor who decides to become a covert criminal investigator, off of the time sheets and without the knowledge or approval of her supervisors. As Guilt by Association begins, Knight is celebrating a victory with fellow DDA Jake Pahlmeyer and LAPD Detective Bailey Keller. It’s not long before Pahlmeyer is found dead downtown, in a very seedy hotel room with a 17-year-old boy; and there’s a nude photo of the boy in his suit jacket pocket. Rachel’s supervisors very quickly instruct her to keep her “hands off” of the murder investigation involving her best friend in the criminal justice system.
In the early sixties an Icelandic Beatle-mania of sorts exploded from the small fishing village of Keflavik, giving the country it's first young musical superstars.
So, my birthday is 3-8-67.....either 3, 8, or 67 would be the color challenge and either of the two remaining would be the sketch challenge.
and everything will change,
So, all I really want to say now - before I pop off to enjoy Christmas, open a few presents (I'm getting a Kindle!!), see the family, finally watch Hangover 2 (and you have no idea how excited I am about that one! A bit of Bradley Cooper over Christmas... yes please!) - sorry, where was I? Got slightly distracted there for a second... I must be feeling better. Oh yes, I really do hope that everyone has a fantastic Christmas! Whatever you've got planned. Enjoy!
In fact, tomatoes are the only thing we regularly buy as plants. I’ve told you about Gene George, the friend I buy tomatoes from. You can’t beat his price at all! In fact, I bought 20 plants from him for $20 and he threw in a few extras. We needed a few more (I got there too late to get many cherry tomatoes, dad gummit) so I went to the local home improvement garden center and bought 6 more for a total of $22! OUCH!!!
First of all we need to remember, that it is only through the intimacy of prayer that we receive from Him the wisdom, knowledge, empowerment, and Love we will need in preparation for the next day’s events. Secondly, it is through meditative prayer in union with His Inspired Word, that we continue to be taught by the Holy Spirit in order to be formed and grow spiritually and learn from our experiences. St. Ignatius of Loyola tells us that “…there are very few people who realize what God would make of them if they abandoned themselves into his hands, and let themselves be formed by his grace.”
Writer : Irving Brecher
Is this the forbidden apple? Is this the forbidden apple that thrusts the teenager/poet towards the godhead, towards a knowledge reserved for the poet? Whatever it may be, for the birth of poetry and the poet always remains a mystery, she is right about herself.
you left me with scars – emotional and physical
The colours came out quite nicely—the scene is not devoid of colour tones while at the same time not vomiting it out at our eyes. It has a nice, more dramatic feel but the mood and the focal point were lacking for me.
But there’s no doubt that developmental, behavioral and mental-health disorders are growing fastest.
Machine Gun Preacher
Happy Heart Day!
So let’s discuss what little there is.
“SHUT THE FUCK UP AND LISTEN, YOU MOTHER FUCKERS.”
Have I mentioned to you that I've been on a low GI/detox diet for nearly four weeks now? Well, I feel great and a lot more energetic, plus I've lost four kg and I can fit into a size 10 (australian) again! yeay!...I'm so pleased with myself! I can now face my busy/crazy days a lot better, lunch is much easier and so is dinner...the only negative point is that I tend not to bake cakes as much anymore and I love baking...but never mind I'm sure that with Christmas just around the corner the opportunity will rise again...for now I'll keep following my plan - I'm sure that my heart will thank me for that ;)
me i can't take the chance, i promised
Sometimes it gets like this and you wonder if the ferret can take it. But the yellow bits are turning blue, Ethel, so what will become of the elastic? We had such dreams for it. We thought that one day, one day..., perhaps not for a long time.... But, one day the world would recognise the power of our pork pies.
P.S. The Goatmother asked her surgeon how she felt about being on the internet. Her reply? "Well, there's a woman whose duck has a blog and I'm on it. Why not a goat?" Needless to say, we have a lot of faith in this woman.
Next week I'll continue this post with ways E.coli posioning is treated and then I'll go on to ways to keep from getting E.coli posioning. I do this so that others are aware that if you have a young child with severe bloody diarrhea it is a big deal. Overreact. Demand tests and don't take no for an answer. Now I don't advocate overreacting for a small amount of blood but if you have a diaper full of bright red blood it's something you probably need to be concerned about. Just the humble opinion of a mother whose been there.
Skye's weight is already back to her birth weight and that is a great sign.
The weather is shaping up to be perfect for race day! Come join us, get healthy, and give back to your community!
I took a week off work to piddle around the house, etc, etc. today is my second day back at work and I'm real frustrated. Why? Because for another two days there are still two girls at the front desk, yet everything that comes back across my desk has some kind of an error on it. Is it really so hard to poof read? Would it be so hard to get the printer working so I can put my e-mails in my files? Could you attend to the red blinking light on the fax machine so I can receive the final paperwork for a deadline?
When taking Sailor on a shopping trip, the intrepid duo discovers a boat adrift– her crew riddled with Tommy gun holes. When they bring the matter up to the police, the inspector doesn’t seem to care.
panel of paper from Momenta's Family Forever collection.
This morning I had the opportunity to do a segment on Studio 5 which is a local lifestyle television show here in Utah. I was able to share my DIY upholstered headboards. If you are interested in creating your own DIY upholstered headboard, you can find the entire tutorial here. And you can find links to a bunch of other great DIYs by clicking the "Tutorials" button on the menu bar.
Joe got last place, Eme can in next (FULL of tears and drama, I might add), Captain America, or should I say Severes, came next, Tom and I tied for 2nd place, and Jacob (or light boy - as he had on a head lamp light, and would look at whoever’s turn it was to give them light - TOO cute!) came in first. Only one person asked to quit, crying, so I count that as a success!
Yes. We were given the freedom and support to begin a Spirit-led gathering of God’s people. That was four years ago. As you know, I can’t keep quiet about what God has done and is doing at The Salvation Army Berry Street Worship Center. I written many blogs about it, such as:
“What the mothers sings to the cradle goes all the way down to the coffin.” Henry Ward Beecher
Since my insurance doesn’t pay for massage therapy, I ran out of money before my stiff neck capitulated to positive thinking, and now I had to factor in the physical evidence in my own body of realism’s insufficiency as a treatment modality, along with that nagging evidence of the studies showing that positive thinking is, well…positive.
I thought I was through with grief, but grief wasn’t through with me. There was no great realization, no lightning bolt of discovery, just the truth settling into my soul: I’ll never see him again in this lifetime.
1. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F. On a baking sheet (I lined mine with nonstick aluminum foil), toss the bell peppers, zucchini, squash, and onion with the olive oil, 1/2 tsp. of the salt, 1/4 tsp. of the pepper, and the herbs. Bake until tender, about 15 minutes.
Cat Green Eyes – The Wolfmen (chosen by Mondo)
The weekend was fun. Friday night we drove around and I showed Caitlin places of interest, Saturday we hung out at home and I went to the dentist (nothing wrong with my teeth). Then Becky came home from getting her hair done, and all her asshole douchebag shithead pieces of shit “friends” decided they were going to take pictures and go to the restaurant 45 minutes early without her, and she wasn’t ready yet, also they decided not to pick her up. I wanted to go to that restaurant and give those little bitches a piece of my mind… like seriously? Do they not have any concern for anyone but themselves? Well anyway, Becky looked awesome and my mom took her to the restaurant and my mom was pretty pissed at those kids too.
Daniel D. Bergstein, 38, Teaneck, N.J.
I’m just so thankful we have a government who actually cares about women’s health and the health of our families! I shudder to think of what could’ve happened if President Obama had been defeated when he ran for his second term. Thank goodness those radical Catholic hospitals and colleges were forced out of business! All they cared about was pushing their radical “no birth control and no abortion” agenda on the rest of us. Can you imagine what would’ve happened to women’s health if they had prevailed? No free contraception. No free sterilizations. No free abortions. No free sperm clinics. We’d probably be running out of food right now. Instead, the government has assured us that we have at least another ten years or so of food stores in the federal warehouses. But since the new parent licensing act has been so successful in preventing overpopulation, we have plenty of food ration cards to go around.
They said it’s just what dongles do
Band of Brides demands less bullshit! Band of Brides demands a better government! Band of Brides demands diamonds and pearls! And free drinks at the bar!
Omega-3 fatty acids are also found in conolla oil and walnut oil. These omega-3 fatty acids are not exactly the same as those found in fatty fish, but can be used in human body.
TRUST is the confidence and faith in someone, having a feeling of safety. Alcoholic and/or abusive homes give a child mixed messages—verbal assurance that (nothing is wrong) with the experienced behavior, yet the sky is falling in (mother is crying but says nothing is wrong). The security of knowing what to expect is absent. Trust in self, parents and behavior is lost.
This plunge towards the Sun, is, of course, heading for that twice-in-a-century event, the Venus transit of the Sun. We already had a shot in 2004 at a transit of Venus, but these events come in pairs. The June 5, 2012 transit is the second of the pair for this century. I’m really looking forward to this one. For North America, only the first part of the transit will be visible with sunset interrupting it. Weather prospects are pretty problematic too. I plan to set up special equipment, properly filtered for safely viewing the Sun, in my favorite location with an unobstructed western horizon. But I’m also scouting other locations within reasonable driving distance, if the weather looks more favorable north or west of here. I’ll publish a separate post with more details for viewing the transit which will be widely available from different locations on Earth and provides a way to relive some wonderful scientific history. In the 18th and 19th centuries viewing a transit of Venus was regarded as the key that would open the door to being able to calculate the actual size of our solar system. That provided the impetus for some fascinating – and downright heroic – scientific expeditions around the world.
Emily Dobson / Photography night class / 13-14
Well, ok, I am recovering from a bad cold that has kept me indoors all this weekend. But this should not have kept me from accomplishing great things within my home! I have things that need fixing . . . things that need hanging . . . things that need cleaning! On the other hand, I have been pumping myself full of Thera-flu so that I can be well for the upcoming surgery that I feel has my life on hold. It is important that I take care of myself!
Mr. Wallace: What about playing Nostradamus for us? You talk about the rear view and you talk about the present.
So Jesus said again, “Amen, amen, I say to you,
The most common lentils used in the United States are green and brown, since these varieties are best at retaining their shape after cooking.
Malchus nodded. “I understand what you are saying, I didn’t mean to insult your beliefs.” John shook his head. “But, I do want to hear your take on the Resurrection of Jesus.” Malchus closed his eyes and hoped he didn’t get the same answer as always.
Milo Ray Sharp(1880-1946), son of Milo and Lilly Sharp.
ME - It is, I promise you.
I fokken know. I mean, really? WHAT IN THE NAME OF PLATONICALLY FROLICKING UNICORNS WOULD GIVE ANYONE THIS IDEA?!?! See, right there, I just had to scream because it was sort of warranted. the whole thing's just that utterly confounding to me. Utterly.
Balthazar will do whatever it takes to stop Redgrave and exact his long-awaited revenge against his killer. As Skye and Balthazar stand together to fight him, they grow closer—first unwillingly, then undeniably. Balthazar realizes his lonely world could finally be changed by her. . . .
1) They come FULLY HEMMED ON ALL SIDES!!! (this girl don't sew!)
So anyway, Bush Hall. We waited outside until nearly 8pm... it was SO cold!! But I got some badges so it was cool. We got to the front again but there were a lot of photographers and because I am only 5'4, they were blocking my view. It kind of angered me actually because there was a woman sat on a chair at the side and they were blocking her view, I thought it was really rude and inconsiderate of them.
We purchased this cradle from someone I work with. We thought we'd put some of the things we'd purchased already for the baby in the cradle. We bought the pink snowsuit days after finding out we were pregnant. I saw it at Macy's and wanted it. I figured if we had a boy, I'd just return it later. There are two shirts that say My Aunt is the Best and I Love My Aunt that my sister, Julie, brought to the party. The blue suit with the elephants my husband purchased because I loved it.
According to David, the best khorma was made in London and the Aussies had to see and taste it, and I was going to make it in his restaurant as he felt that I was someone who could make it like they did back home (home in this case being the UK not India)!!
Woon's attempted to bridge so many opposed vibes here that you'd want to praise his ambition, even if he couldn't pull it off. The fact that Mirrorwriting really does manage to blur so many different musical worlds into something so smoothly unified is Woon's real achievement. But because of that very in-betweenness, Mirrorwriting is still likely to rankle genre partisans of all stripes. Too slick and synth-heavy and modern for fans of Winehouse-style retro-soul. Too subtle for true dubstep fans wanting more club thunder. Not subtle enough for those heart-on-sleeve beat weirdos who've made James Blake a cause celeb. So it'll be interesting to see if it really is the wide mass of pop and indie listeners that winds up embracing Woon's everything-at-once approach. Whoever his audience turns out to be, Woon's managed one assured and beguiling hybrid of UK bass pressure and slick blue-eyed soul.
The platformer is a very old type of game, it’s been around since the days of arcade games like Mario Bros. and Donkey Kong. It was the king of consoles during the 8, 16, and 64-bit generations, and included some of gaming’s former greats like Sonic the Hedgehog, Spyro The Dragon, and Banjo-Kazooie. Traditionally, it’s been the Mario franchise that’s defined the next step for platformers. Super Mario Bros., Super Mario 64, and Super Mario Galaxy all defined the standards for the genre, but this time it’s different. This time the game that is setting the new standard is Miegakure, developed by Marc ten Bosch.
Oil the same bowl and roll this dough in it, and cover it with a cling film and leave it to raise in warm corner for at least 1 and 1/2 hours (depending upon the altitude and temperature of the place you are living ), you can mark the bowl or guess by eyeing that the ball has doubled in shape.
6. Bake for 50 to 60 minutes, until the meat loaf is cooked through (the loaf will start to pull away from the sides of the pan). Let the meat loaf stand for 5 minutes before slicing.
that I couldn't really drive.
I really like hoe this came out and it's so fun to play with!
Our daughter and baby are doing very well and this grandma just can't sleep, she's too excited!!!
Tickets are just $25, or $20 for students or seniors, paid for at the door in cash or by check. Call 301-816-1023 or email quotidiantheatre@comcast.net to reserve.
The critical observation to make is that as a result of government’s prevention of the planned sit-in, hundreds of thousands of people converging from numerous roads into the barricaded Dataran were stopped from entering it. Before the crowds could depart by walking on roads already absolutely packed with thousands of people, tear gas was fired, causing injury, panic and stampede.
22.01.82 Aberystwyth University
As my GB has grown older our roles have reversed. The grunts of adolescence have been exchanged for lively conversation, genuine interest and concern for my well being. Those frustrating days when his favourite response, 'good', 'fine' and the multi purpose 'ok' - which really meant ' don't ask me anymore', 'don't mention it again', 'I get it' and 'are you ever going to stop asking me this' - are over. I never thought I would see the day when we could have lengthy chats about all and nothing. I am less protective and more confident that he can fight his own battles and make the right decisions. I see myself asking for his opinion and valuing his answers; I can even imagine, in the not too distant future, seeking his wise counsel. The little boy who needed looking after is now the one watching out for his mother.
I was really excited for this film before, just from reading what people had to say about it having seen it at Sundance. But now that we have a trailer to marvel at, I think it’s safe to say that this is one of my most highly anticipated films of the year.
For those not in the know, bench-rest shooters fire custom-made rifles with huge scopes. They fire the rifles from special rests that hold them absolutely still, and only shoot a shot every few minutes because they want the rifle to cool to ambient temperature for every shot. Their goal is to put all of their bullets though that same hole. Me personally, I've never gotten into the idea of sitting in a law chair next to a rifle locked in a vise on a concrete bench and pulling it's trigger every now and again, then swabbing the bore completely clean before the next shot. But hey--if that's your thing...
In truth, upon reading Yergin's latest missive to the world's policy elite, I found myself utterly bored. Could this man ever say something that would upset anyone other than a small group of activists who are extremely worried about oil supplies peaking before the end of this decade? I doubt it. He is paid to soothe, and these days so soothing is his writing that it should be placed next to the Sominex on the drugstore shelf.
Paper: Bo Bunny Christmas line and Choice White Cardstock from Taylored Expressions
When we got there it was dark, and so we decided to wait with swimming in the sea until the next day. We made beste friends with the cats there, they were really friendly and would sit and fuss on your laps, at least the females did. The male ones were just noisy and kept a distance. The next day we headed off bright and early, but when we go to the waters edge, the water looked oily. Turns out there had been an oilspill further down the coast and there was a very thin layer of oil on the water. This didn't affect the fishes, and you could swim, but getting the oil out of your clothes and hair was apparently very hard. So we decided to give that a skip, and lounged by the pool for a few hours before heading back to Dubai.
It's not perfectly accurate nor entirely fair to those early utopians to call them socialists or Communists. They had a vision of a "good society" that they hoped to achieve by departing from the prevailing norms. Why they thought they could improve on conditions in the larger society around them isn't easy to determine. Though their experiments failed to provide the results they sought, the ideas they germinated did not fail to find supporters and promulgators.
Every day this, ahem, book gives an instruction on something to do. For example, Day One was a list of small things to choose from and I chose a couple because I thought they were all easy. Stuff like jay-walking or telling a white lie when no one is listening.
"Up yours dogface! You ain't dog enough to sniff my piss honey!"
“Simon, what in the hell were you doing on the strip? You know only bad things happen down there, drugs and stuff.”
Does it? I wouldn’t know. I was in a relationship so didn’t go out dating.
* October 19th – London Islington Academy (main support for Tarja)
I don’t know if someone made a mistake, and just couldn’t admit it; or if someone was lying / cheating; or if someone was just being stupid; but whatever the problem was, I really hope it doesn’t happen again, next week, because this was a really, really fun event until someone screwed it up for everyone else.
I didn't see this weekend's big mainstream box-office attraction, The Avengers (maybe I'll see it next weekend, though if I do, I'll be seeing without having seen either Thor, the recent Captain America or the recent Incredible Hulk), but I'd be surprised if I had half as much fun with Joss Whedon's Marvel-superhero extravaganza as I did seeing Rivette's three-hour meta-movie funhouse for the first time!
The places you play and where you stay
Experts argue that the bill would give the government the ability to circumvent internet privacy laws and obtain information on user activities from private companies – be it providers, hosting companies or social networks – essentially any company involved in the Internet.
50g sultanas
The lone and level sands stretch far away".
Small businesses, especially those catering to consumers, have compensated by shifting their ad spend to alternatives, including daily deal coupons, location-aware services like Foursquare, and hyperlocal news outlets (i.e., your small suburban newspaper or local-news website).
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Please allow time for parking to avoid missing any of the fun, so be sure to be at the coffee house well before 7:00 PM. We try not to start the show until everyone has settled with a tasty beverage.
She shrinks toward Campion’s formal tunes
Drive to the library, to escape the siren's song of the laundry basket.
I pulled weeds out of all the gravel patios and then moved all the plants back outside,hopefully they can stay out there now !
As soon as we let to the airport, Igor went to shower. And he calls himself an outdoorsman? Anyway, Girish in the mean time used the satellite phone to call his wife (which the company didn’t charge for some reason). But the party was over before they knew it. The Bettles Air guys told us that they can fly us to the van (Grayling lake) right away since the weather is good, which they did. The advanced group flew from Bettles to the van and the rest went straight to the van. I did, however, managed to visit the Ranger Station and pick up their fancy bandana. Well, the bandana was just unique – it’s is bright orange to be visible from a bush plane and it has some information on backpacking. It is just unique. Other parks don’t have it.
Personally I am inclined to think that if ever Mali had a government capable of resolving this long-time dispute it would have the very government that has been overthrown. Please get me right: I don't mean to say that I know all the ins and outs of the political scene in Mali. I am in all respects an outsider, looking in from the outside, - but still looking in....
It's cold out there! Our new fall weather really brings it home that winter is coming and flu season is here. If you haven't thought about the flu yet this year, now is the time to get active about staying well this flu season.
When it was my turn to agree on a certain opinion, I answered, “Czech! … Republic!”
In fantasy, you can have the option be “for the next fantasy work in this series.” Next epic fantasy. Next Urban fantasy, next dark horror fantasy.
solidarity......
However, I also subscribe to Zite, an app on my iPad where I do the most of my news reading, and that’s free. I get free articles from those magazines above and who knows how many more, all for free. In fact, I spend so much time reading Zite, because it’s customized to my interests, that I’m thinking of cancelling my magazine subscriptions. But that’s another issue. Like when I subscribed to paper copies of magazines I mostly let them go unread.
The A Merry Little Christmas looks simply FAB with the new 2" Decorative Borders!
Okay. I’m not absolutely sure that at age 65 he would have the necessary arm left to throw one any distance, but okay. I know several folks that collect other things like that. In fact I remember the government sponsoring the digging holes in the ground and stocking them with various food stuffs and water.
Yesterday, I hiked Pemetic, the 4th highest mountain peak on the island. If you will recall, two weeks ago I hiked Champlain which is the 5th highest peak, so I’m literally “working my way up”.
"We, the people of the United States, in order to form a more perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic tranquility, provide for the common defense, promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America."
17. Black Girls
Nice subtle aroma, fresh and inviting with a taste that is crisp and refreshing with a nice bright carbonation. Not as bitter as some but certainly enough to qualify as a pilsner standard but probably only just. Well balanced and a nice drop. Again, try with mild food.
such posts. A contributory factor to
It comes as no surprise since Gaga delivers on the video – no pun intended. The almost eight-minute long video is a pop culture aura, a feast for the eyes, a fashion parade and a dance spectacle.
Wednesday storms spawned softball-sized hail in Georgia and damaging winds in upstate York, but no fatalities were reported, as of posting.
We haven't won a game this season yet. But we will. I know we will. Maybe even tonight.
The Eskenazis are just the Argentine equivalent of 'Lucky Larry' Silverstein who made $7 billion when the twin towers fell (on the basis that the plane strikes - which as anyone with the most rudimentary grasp of the laws of physics knows, were not the reason the buildings collapsed - constituted *two* separate events). Shameless Jewish profiteers from crimes committed against others.
As I have been checking out more and more blogs I am discovering that my iPhone doesn't take the greatest pics... ;) I am SO JEALOUS of all of the incredible photography skills that so many of you ladies have!
-Make sure your stamp and spoon do not move when you are hammering. Notice the letters on my spoon are a little "smeared". That is because the stamp and/or spoon moved when I was stamping it.
11. New Life
Do me a favor, ok? Bring this back every year. Don't tease me like you did with your winter time sugar cookie cappuccino, because where's that been these last two seasons, huh? Believe me, i look, and i've been disappointed. Gingerbread is most certainly not the same.
You are still in 9 month dresses, but if I put you in a onesie or a sleeper, it must be 12 month. Since you're trying to walk, I have bought you a few shoes, which a size 2 fits you perfect right now. You are in a size 3 diaper and currently weigh about 20lbs 5 oz. You are growing like a weed, sweet girl! I can't believe that just this week I started planning your 1st birthday party. Where did the time go? I love you so very much, Corinne. I am so glad I have been given the gift of being your Mommy! Your beautiful face, the way you love you big brother like no other, and your sweet, sassy personality always has a way of putting me in the best mood.
The sun of my smile,
agent. Having said that, the majority of the Maybe pages would have gotten me to page two. The problem with the maybes compared to the yeses is bias. The Yes query/pages made me want to overlook flaws because of the shear awesome of concept and writing on the first page. With the maybes, I was already skeptical, picking apart word choices and in general not enjoying the story. I was already trying to evaluate it on a level other than “OMG I love this!” I was looking for flaws (did you see that, a double verb in the wild). So maybes would have gotten me to page two, but page two would have needed to be stronger than page one to keep me going.
Au revoir, ma cherie. You know,
‘Fine. Absolutely fine.’
It is a very simple cake to make, at least for someone like me who has not been to any baking class or workshops, I am able to get the sponge cake right, most of the time. It is no surprise that I kept going back to the same recipe, see here and here.
I turn 34 today and i feel like the years are passing by so quickly.
“If someone works with a machete for numerous hours in 40-degree weather and doesn’t hydrate well, that does more damage to the kidneys than using herbicides,” Costa Rican physician José Manuel Cerdas, a kidney expert, told Spain’s El País.
TWR72 are another act reviving rave, or ‘Future Techno’ as NME dubbed it. Either way, if you come down to 1234, and like electronic dance music, the trio of Stay+, Nguzunguzu and TWR72 will keep your ear drums ringing with the sounds of 1993 for days. They are another band that Crumble hope to catch while we are there.
U.S. hospitals are ripping out wall-mounted toilets and replacing them with floor models to better support obese patients. The Federal Transit Administration wants buses to be tested for the impact of heavier riders on steering and braking. Cars are burning nearly a billion gallons of gasoline more a year than if passengers weighed what they did in 1960.
And yet – and yet! – I live in London. I spent a while in Hawaii with a good friend a few years back. I was in a very dark, unhappy place within myself and I suspect I wasn’t the best company. But besides all that, she would ask me if I wanted to go to the mountains, do I want to go on a hike, do I want to see sugar cane, pineapple plantations? No, why would I? You live LITERALLY ten paces from the Pacific Ocean. I want to be right here. Forever, preferably, if that could be arranged. I would find a place and sit on the sand with my elbows on my knees and my chin in my hands at around 10am. And a few minutes would go by and I would look at my watch and it was 3pm. I was mesmerised. I mean day after day it was all I would do, and all I wanted to do. (Don’t worry, my friends were at work, I’m not totally anti-social.)
As part of the rehabilitation programme he was encouraged to start writing about his experiences and this inspired him to write his first partly autobiographical book, There’s No Room for Jugglers in my Circus (2006). This was followed by The Gangster’s Runner (2009) and the upcoming A Nice Little Earner ( to be published in 2011).
Game 3 is at Verizon Center on Wednesday night.
I am so excited to announce the launch of my new business venture! I have been wanting to find a charm company that can produce custom photo charms for my photography business, I found that and so much more!!! One day while I was in Target with my mil, I was wheeling around on my wheel about and saw another man walking into Target at the same time wheeling on one too! We both stopped and laughed at each other and shared our "what did you do to your leg" stories. I noticed his beautiful wife was wearing the most gorgeous cross necklace that I had ever seen with and equally gorgeous pearl necklace. I had to ask her about it, she said "it is Jewel Kade". Come to find out my mil asked me later "how do you know those people?" I said " I don't!" She laughed and said that the husband of the beautiful necklace wearer was her old boss! I tried to remember what that lady had told me I got home and googled all things with Jewel in the title, and after intense searching found it!!! It was a direct sales company started by a woman who wanted to create a way to carry her children's photos near her heart. Ok, right up my ally right!!!
In an attempt to keep fuel on the poetry fire, I have become a total inspiration junkie. Today, I can't get enough of San Francisco's Colette Calascione and her surrealist paintings.
Their preposterous claims can be disproved just by looking at the facts, but oddly, the journalists interviewing them never do that. Asking all the wrong questions, they just sit at the feet of these lying fools wagging their tails like spaniels.
Here, we see Hyakinthos and Narcissus again, but Adonis is also mentioned–the latter being a lover of Dionysos, as mentioned elsewhere in Athenaeus as covered by Sannion in his excellent article on this matter, and also detailed elsewhere in this syncretism series.
It's really frustrating how much the 3 year old has taken a nose dive in in terms of behavior. I guess this is payback for having a perfect 2 year old?
First cabin passengers, 325.
Can't wait to meet mini-buddy and smother him with lame gifts that he'll think are cool, like french variety or eiffel tower key-chains. I'm scouring the interwebs for gifts already. That takes time, man.
In Prague 1, cycling is challenged by the centuries-old cobblestones, which provide very rough surfaces, gaps not filled in by sand or mortar, ground heave, and polished finishes not desirable when rain is falling. The local council is resisting replacement of these cobble stones with the ones which would provide a smooth, cycleable track.
British National Party
I'm thrilled with the results that all the people in my life are getting with the diet too. My dad is diabetic and has started the diet, and in only 11 days he says he feels better already and his joint aches are gone.
That one is crumpled like a scrap of paper
We walk down to the park where a Bangladeshi man who tends the trees shows us some trees with the resin on the trunks.
All of these questions will be answered on Friday, but it is freakin Tuesday right now and I have had those question going through my head for a long time now. I am not the most patient man ever. Lots will tell you that, and of course there are just some things I have to wait for. Life has taught me that very well, but I do not have to like it and probably never will.
Please know that it gets better. The world is slowly starting to realize how important it is to know people like us and to understand how to reach and be reached by us. We are gaining acceptance to the outside world but just know that here you are accepted. You are completely accepted. No caveats, no requirements, no “if only’s”. You are accepted and you are welcomed with open arms.
Far from humans (Feat. Suicide Commando) - Alien Vampires
COMMENTS TO THE USPTO are invited.
Well time for another reveal over at CREATIVE SCRAPPERS, And i can say i did struggle with this a little bit, but still happy with the finished page , not my favourite, but still happy. As i have said before i am a clean
Keep in mind though that just because you may be genetically predisposed to fear spiders, doesn’t mean there’s nothing you can do about it. Systematic desensitization, exposure therapy, and cognitive behavioral therapy are remarkably effective at treating phobias and can even be enhanced pharmacologically with d-cycloserine.
It appears to be plugged in. It costs 5 francs a go, but francs went out years ago. What shall I do? Maybe it will work if I press the red button.
The Button Box by Margarette Reid is a great book to use if you're working on sorting by attributes. I always use it with real buttons, because I think it really allows the children to experience the wonder of classifying by shape, texture, size, color, sparkles, button holes, etc. I think sometimes we fall into the rut of only sorting by color. When I still had my sight, color sorting was the first thing I thought of to do with the kids. The problem was that if I asked the kids what sorting was, they would reply "That's when you put the yellow ones with the yellow ones." Although that answer is correct, I think it's really important for them to realize that you can sort or classify by many different factors, not just color.
I don’t think we are made for each other – happy realisation!
And I'd also like to highlight some of the BEST recipes I've made so far. This is the cream of the crop, folks. The recipes that I can't wait to make again and again. The ones that are already a part of our regular rotation. The ones that are so delicious, light and simple, I would be inhumanely evil and greedy if I didn't try to push them into your recipe boxes.
One of the few criticisms I had from my previous review of Aventine a couple of years ago was their lack of advancement into ebook services. Aventine has rectified that, and while this service is not undertaken in-house, it did not surprise me to find that Aventine had partnered with eBookit to provide multi ebook format options for authors. This is a classic case of one outstanding company recognising and affiliating with another of equally strong reputation.
I also supplement vitamin D3.
I've had Blogger's Block for quite some time, which sucks because I could have been writing about my friend, Joan's new blog Chocolate, Chocolate & more Chocolate. For all you foodies, like me, it's a must check out. Tell her I sent you & maybe she'll bring me some more goodies! (hint, hint Joan.)
We were both so tired we went to bed thinking that we were going to fall asleep immediately. But we didn’t. We lay in bed until almost 1 AM thinking the other one was sleeping and trying to be quiet when neither one of us was sleeping. So at 1 AM we rolled over and acknowledged that we were both bored. We could’ve come downstairs to try and read or watch a movie but we decided to talk in bed instead. My erection was plainly visible through the sheet that covered us, a fact that was not lost on her. I suggested love making but she declined . . . she wasn’t particularly in the mood. Sex between us is most definitely fluid bonding. It is messy. As a result of years of mmoing I cum copiously and also I tend to droll a lot of precum before we even start. She wasn’t into the thought of the cleanup. Also my libido is higher than hers, often she likes to do hand jobs and watch me cum. She loves to watch me cum. So she suggested that it might be fun just to do me. Typically that involves oral sex on me culminating in a handjob. But this time she suggested that maybe we might try to get me to mmo for her.
So, to boil it down, here's what I think: Lent should not be a religious rule, giving us a burden we were never told to carry. Lent should be a choice. And it should be a way for us to renew our walk with God so that we CAN live that way the rest of the year. Not so that by our actions we can get into heaven, but our actions should show our faith.
6: Facing my in-laws
Step 2 The Approach. When going for a hug, make it clear what you are doing. You don’t want to catch the hugee off-guard. Start by spreading your hands wide, with your right hand about 20 centimeters higher than the left. Lean back ever so slightly, this is a non-threatening stance making it clear you are not about to attack. Tilt your head to the left, this lets your hugee know where you are going so they can do the opposite. Otherwise, there may be an embarrassing collision.
Conclusion: there is simply no way that the stars could align on defense in 2009 as they did in 2002, with the emergence of Pollack as a dominant defender, Boss Bailey as another leader, and a suffocating secondary seemingly from nowhere. That being said, the 2009 defense is crammed with senior leadership (in which I include Curran) within each unit. As an overall defense, I don’t think Georgia has the level of concern that it did in 2002 from a talent standpoint, but with the stench of the 2007 meltdowns still in the air, it’s a hard case to make. Further, in 2002 we didn’t realize who we had in Van Gorder, whereas in 2009 we are all too aware of the abilities of our current defensive coordinator. I think Martinez gets more blame than he deserves (and have written as much previously), but like it or not it is a make-or-break year for the defense.
Now I know it all, and none of it: the idea of a love of decades, but not the secrets in the bottle, the letters, the Yiddish whispers, the bedroom after the door closed.
Producer: Phil Collinson
Khow Soi, the Chiang Mai curry noodle.
Food is personal. It is entangled with our culture, childhood, and our memories happy and sad. In a world that can feel big and scary food can be a comfort. We eat foods in hopes of preventing terrible diseases and we avoid foods because we believe they will cause us harm. For some people food is the focus of their Fanaticism. Food is also social, it brings people together and is shared at celebrations and holidays of all types. For people who live with life threatening allergies or diseases like Celiac Disease, living a safe and healthy life among the other food eaters can be challenging and even dangerous.
Next Issue: (again, I'll let Mr. Fleisher deliver the pitch on this one) Harris gets eaten by rats, Borsten gets burned alive, and the Needle gets blown to hell!
I now have a new camera. One of these photos was taken with the new one, and one with the old (which I'm now calling the Security Blanket Camera). I'm happy using both as I learn my way and how my camera influences my style and what I'm capable of capturing images of. I know I'll need more lenses to do what I want to do but already I can see the quality of photos improve from having a larger sensor. I love being able to control the depth of field, something I was never able to do before.
Yes, this is usual for me - I never make one card - I always do 2 to 4 - and sometimes 12 cards at the same time. So I created 2 slightly different Baby Bird Bathtimes for you.
Testing Treatments: Better Research for Better Healthcare
He is the number one Reproductive endocrinologist in the state and has a really high pregnancy rate. I was so excited to hear his opinion on everything and I had so many questions. He was so nice and got right to the point which I appreciated. I brought along the most recent scan of George and company since when I faxed my records over initially they didn’t contain anything about the ruptured cyst. He started out by commenting how big they still were and said I must have been in a lot of pain. However he did say that he did not believe I over stimulated. Cue the blank look on my face. He said that over stimulating is usually accompanied by a few key symptoms which I hadn’t had. However the cysts were caused by the Clomid. He simply said that after the eggs released when I ovulated the follicle had kept growing until the point of rupture. This is because of the medication and just one of those things that can happen with PCOS.
The standard Movellan sidearm was a small, hand-held weapon. The weapon had both "kill" and "stun" settings.
**No, I don't watch him, he's a fucking Bronco. I hate the Broncos simply because I'm a Chiefs fan, duh.
"Hi, my name is Joe, and I work...in...a button factory. One day, my boss came up to me and said 'Hi Joe, are you busy?' I said, 'no," he said "push..the button... with your right hand." (you then push an imaginary button in the air with your right hand) The song repeats itself, with the boss telling Joe to push the button with his left hand, right and left legs, head, butt, etc until your whole body is doing this bowl-full-of jelly dance. It's at this point in the song that it ends with, "one day, my boss came up to me and said, "Hi Joe, are you busy?' I said, 'YES!'"
According to Jewish mystic teaching, all people should strive to be holy. Everyone is granted a pure soul and has the potential for holiness. Someone once asked Rebbe Yisrael of Rizhin what was meant by saying a person has the holy spirit. He answered, When a person has spirit and keeps it from becoming impure, it is the holy spirit.
2) The sentimental desire for relationships for His true family - So many hold on to earthly family relationships and time with them, trying to make them work and be significant. Yet Jesus calls us to value the family of God supremely. For even as His own earthly family stood waiting outside, He said that “whoever does the will of My Father who is in heaven, he is My brother and sister and mother” (Matthew 12:46-50). When Peter reminded the Lord that he and the other disciples had left home and family to follow Him, remember the Lord’s bi-eon response, “Truly I say to you, there is no one who has left house or wife or brothers or parents or children, for the sake of the kingdom of God,who will not receive many times as much at this time and in the age to come, eternal life” (Luke 18:29-30). One of my mentors in the faith, Dr. Roy Blackwood, echoes this when he says that the relationships we have now in Christ will continue on into heaven. As stated above, ultimately we will all be drawn into the unity of love enjoyed by the Father, Son, & Holy Spirit (John 17:23-24).
1/4cup chopped peanuts
Before Stephanie can even step foot off Flight 127 Hawaii to Newark, she’s knee deep in trouble. Her dream vacation turned into a nightmare, and she’s flying back to New Jersey solo. Worse still, her seatmate never returned to the plane after the L.A. layover. Now he’s dead, in a garbage can, waiting for curbside pickup. His killer could be anyone. And a ragtag collection of thugs and psychos, not to mention the FBI, are all looking for a photograph the dead man was supposed to be carrying.
In a recent interview published by BBC Pashto, Mr. Eide was was especially critical of Obama’s envoy to South Asia, Ambassador Richard Holbrooke. Mr. Eide claimed that Holbrooke was stubborn and unaware of Afghan sensitivities.
200ml milk
Wendy was terribly afraid of flying bugs! She did get stung a couple of times in her face though and swelled all up so I guess she has reason. If a fly gets in the house she panics and comes gets me and won't leave my side until I kill it and show it to her then she is okay! She loved to eat, she loved to swim, she loved my side of the bed and had to have my pillow, she laid under the dining room table when we ate, she had to be in the kitchen if I was. She never went outside without waiting at the door for her mom. She did not like The Thinker's dog Sophie! She never went out the front door without being told okay. She stayed in the yard until told she could leave. She was the best.
The Guide gives a bit of background on the termination law, explains the affect terminations may have on record labels and outlines the steps artists wishing to terminate their contracts should follow.
Unquestionably the most popular draw of the professional football offseason quantitatively, at least in terms of both public attention and the degree of media scrutiny, is the National Football League’s collegiate draft. Held annually at Radio City Music Hall in New York City, the draft’s level of devoted fan interest and the event itself have consistently evolved behind the technological progress of its media coverage and, more recently, the rapid proliferation of social communication. It is held in almost unanimously reverence among fans as a day of jubilation, the first chance to become acquainted with a team’s new savior expected to come shore up a lagging defense, or the new sub-4.4 toy in the backfield to make the highlight reel. It is spun by the sports media corps as a momentous and dignified cultural spectacle, very much equivalent to a debutante ball as the former student athletes are herded in front of cameras, down red carpets, and across stages in gaudy suits to the pleasure of the viewing public.
Yesterday, when I caught her wiping her nose on her shirt:
"oliver, can we go outside and take some pictures?"
The lemon juice, salt, pepper, and cilantro can be catered to your preference. Add more as you see fit. Garnish with a sprig of cilantro or dollop of yogurt, if you’d like. Time to enjoy!
The Noise Inside My Head
The plan usually entails some combination of selling treasured items, eating only ramen noodles and redeeming the deposits from the mountain of empty bottles that have accumulated since our last income deficiency. But it also implies making wise choices with our remaining dollars to make sure we don't sit out too many dry nights. Ahem.
The obsession of Max du Preez, Koos Kombuis, and other Afrikaner opinion-makers with Dan Roodt is fascinating. Roodt seems to be driving the debate, since they are constantly reacting to his ideas and statements. Whatever opinion one has about Roodt, it is obvious that he has at the very least provided an intellectual and radical alternative to the lame sentiments coming out of Afrikaans newspapers and from Afrikaner intellectuals since 1994. In this respect he has done Afrikaners a tremendous favour.
The TSA says they will start hiring new agents without doing background checks. Now instead of just feeling like your being mugged going through security, it may actually happen.
After watching Blue one day he ran up to his room and returned with one of his giant picture books, flopped it on the kitchen floor and tried to jump into the book. He tried with all his might about four times with zero luck…poor kid. Then he looked up at me with sad puppy eyes like there was some way I could make his book magic for him.
He could have been president. Imagine that.
The title of Bailey’s collection itself presents a kind of riddle: what does Story a Day May mean? The title seems to be a playful way of saying Bailey may be able to write a story a day, but that the stories aren’t really complete until they’ve been read. Just as Oedipus solves the riddle of the Sphinx, so the reader, in puzzling over the meaning of Bailey’s stories, comes to share something of a hero’s sense of achievement, unraveling the riddles the stories present.
This tiny, little helpless creature was dead. And I was heartbroken.
I was a nature counselor at the local YMCA during one summer and it was there, at the age of 16, that I met the first girl on whom I really had a crush. Her name was Michelle and she was only 14! Before I could take her to the YMCA dance, her father interrogated me—think the real Archie Bunker here! We were in love, at least as much as immature teenagers can be. We dated all through my high school years, and then we broke up for some stupid reason that I can’t remember.
Now if you were to purchase the new P90X2 which gives you an awesome 90-day home fitness system AND a nutritional plan/guide it’s going to cost you:
Brenda and Barb got here and then a minute later Michelle and Sazz came in. When Sazz walked in to the lounge room I said “Baby Lou is a girl!”
At any rate, this is a nice low maintenance project that is a great use of yarn that wasn't going anywhere. The pattern from an old Leisure Arts crochet pattern book of mine called Afghans on the Double. All of the patterns in the book are based on using two balls of yarn at the same time. For this afghan I am just using one at a time because I don't need it to be super big. The pattern is called "Fireside Throw."
Dr. Food is in trouble. He has been gone 3 out of the 4 weeks in the last month. So, I will get my revenge. Dr. Food (hence forward referred to as "Dr. Poophead") has been in India and China and now California. I did get to see him for two days. Then Sunday he was off again.
I have a bit of a rocky relationship with cheesecake. We’ve never really seen eye to eye. I want a beautiful, creamy, delicious dessert. Cheesecake wants to crack like the Grand Canyon, no matter how many tips I try to keep it from happening. Water bath? Yep. Room temperature ingredients? Check. Turn the heat up then down? Done it. I’ve left the oven door closed while cooling. I’ve left it cracked. Short of a cheesecake rain dance, I’ve tried it all—to no avail. So I reeeeally didn’t want to make it, because I knew I’d just end up disappointed again.
The awesome Annie Spandex tagged me! She says it's the Over The Top award. Everyone I know is over the top! We are the Over The Top branch of the interweb, and I like it that way.
Wallerstein, Immanuel. 1974. The Modern World System: Capitalist Agriculture and the Origins of the European World-Economy in the 16th Century. New York: Academic Press.
Being your mom is my absolute greatest accomplishment. I am so very fortunate to be a part of your life. You truly are a blessing to everyone whose lives you touch.
New projects: 0
My recommendation is to play 9 holes at the Brut and 9 at the Saten course. The 9 at Rosé are fairly new and might need one more season to grow. But not only the Rosé is new, the whole Range has been refurbished and is now ready and in optimal conditions to improve your game. Two more suggestions: when playing the first time take advantage of a yardage book or one of those new gadgets to show you around+ be aware that they have 160 tournaments a year so book in advance. But in Italy you can play on a tournament day without participating it is just a matter of space. After the game you get revitalized by all what they offer in the Clubhouse or you hop on the car and drive a few minutes further to enjoy the stunning surroundings of Lago d’Iseo.
I was looking through my shelves of ‘best loved’ books and turned the pages of Mary Stewart’s Crystal Cave and The Hollow Hills, overcome by a feeling of nostalgia. I was twelve or thirteen, I think, when my elder sisters Rachel and Debbie were trying to keep me occupied during the long, hot summer holidays. My mother had put them in charge, because I generally took advantage of any lack of "adult" supervision, riding off even during the hottest time of day on my cycle. I don’t think I ever got sun stroke, but my mother always feared I might. I can imagine that my two sisters, wishing to go about their own business, must have debated long and hard over the most failsafe method to keep me in the house. I can picture them right now - whispering, conspiring, taking out first The Crystal Cave and then The Hollow Hills and placing each book in turn, in my restless hands. I have always loved reading, but at that point in my life, I loved the outdoors more. However, for a part of that summer I stayed indoors during the day, curled up on a sofa in the living room, completely enthralled by one of the most amazing legends of all time – the legend of King Arthur and his knights, and of Merlin, that fascinating magician. I then read Alfred Lord Tennyson’s ‘Idylls of the King’ which gave the Legend a new dimension altogether. I relived the charms of Camelot some years later when Debbie managed to find, and lend me, The Once and Future King and The Sword In The Stone by T.H. White.
75. The bond between my husband and I
It is lovely to get the feedback and know that people out there are enjoying my blog!
While the Kangaroo (supreme) Court is normally a guardian of DEATH (abortion)-on-demand, I have hopes that obama’s recent actions will be too much even for the Court to stomach.
Today’s Prayer: A Franciscan Blessing
So we spent the day there in the sun having fun and relaxing.
According to this story from the Wall Street Journal (go figure), Sweat Bees are native to North America and have been around ever since there were people to flee in fear of them. “North America is home to thousands of species of native bees. But they have long been overshadowed by imported honeybees, prized for their honey and beeswax since the time of the Pharaohs and a mainstay of commercial agriculture,” writes the WSJ. These monstrosities like to land on humans and quietly drink up their sweat. Oh, but they don’t stop there. They like to saturate themselves in it. I imagine them rolling around on your sweaty-ass in an ecstatic stupor, the same way everyone assumes rich people like to roll around in their piles of money. Ugh.
Apple Peach fruit leathers - made from our abundance of apples last fall
I'm happy to get back to my regular Thursday post for several reasons. First, because I've missed hearing what you are thankful for, and second because focusing on the positive helps keep me from dwelling on the negative. Unfortunately, I found myself doing just that the last few months but not any more!
I heard something that really disturbed me the other day; I guess many people will say it's not surprising news, but it opened my eyes once again to the ignorance that surrounds our society. A close friend of mine has a sixteen year old son with special needs. He is doing really well academically and currently attends a very reputable private school where he has made many friends and has been included in the school's small community. This year he will be spending a week doing work experience. The "problem", apparently, is where. I raised my eyebrows at the word 'problem' because to me, there shouldn't be a problem. But what my friend experienced left me gobsmacked and considerably worried for our children's future, especially those with additional needs. John (not his real name), wishes to help out at a primary school because he absolutely loves working with young children. He's a lovely young man, polite, well-mannered, sociable and very determined. The person who makes the decision as to his working at the school dismissed the request on the grounds that he has "special needs".
Park Yoochun and Han Jimin’s proof shot has been gaining attention.
Cast on 3 stitches
Yet vigilantism is “high on the priority list of the Western Cape police”, said provincial police spokesperson November Filander.
We didn't finish all our desserts in one night, but we definitely got happy on a sugar high!
In our own case we have just moved house and while the new property is more private than the previous townhouse, there is still no opportunity to lay out in the sun or work in the backyard as nature intended.
Living in a 300 square foot space means that one simply can not accumulate "stuff." If I buy three new shirts, then three old shirts have to go to the Goodwill (or the trash -- I tend to wear my clothes out). When we bought a new pot recently, the old one went on eBay.
I finished my crocheted Petal Flower cushion yesterday but I'm waiting until we have some sunshine to take photos. It's just too dark and overcast here this week so far.
Tomas Transtroemer is a Swedish poet, writer and translator who received the Nobel Prize in Literature in 2011.
4. The beach. I am firmly of the opinion that beaches are for getting wet. There is, like, all this water and stuff. Looking at all the water without getting in is like looking at a thick slice of homemade chocolate cake and saying, “Well, that’s some nice cake.”
"you will have most joy looking on the first calm evening after a storm."
Corridors
Madrid, Spain
Then Wednesday lunchtime my job sharer will read me her handover notes as our shifts overlap, my turn to work two and a half days before another weekend arrives.
Here are a couple of other images I took last night with the phone and playing with Instagram.
As did the men’s sprints with this meet. Yesterday it was Jamaican Yohan Blake stepping up and winning a not so close 100 meters from the field. Today it was Walter Dix (USA) toeing the line in the deuce and running well clear of the field. Dix’ early acceleration was not the best, but from mid turn to the line, his power and speed endurance were clearly superior to anyone else in the field. And with Tyson Gay out, only Usain Bolt looks to be in the same class as Dix in this event – and with a decent start Dix should factor in the 100 as well. Dix won double bronze in Beijing in the sprints and with 3 weeks to sharpen looks to be in shape to challenge for both podiums again.
The older man
Bake 350 F for 30 - 35 minutes or until done.
- Adjustable strap to wear over the shoulder or across the body
The UK first Corgi paperback edition of Honour the Shrine by Francis Clifford, published in 1957 (originally published in hardback by Cape in 1953). Clifford is the nom de plume of Arthur Leonard Bell Thompson, author of nineteen novels from 1953 to 1979, a mixture of thrillers and crime and espionage works. Like a lot of British – and American – thriller writers from the 20th century, he's increasingly overlooked, and his entire body of work is now out of print, with the exception of 1962's Time is an Ambush, which is available print-on-demand from Ostara Publishing. Ostara also have the best online biography of Clifford, which you can find here.
I'm also working to have Barrowmaze on-hand at the OSR booth.
Vida Bingham
The manor house seems like a dead end, so they move on to the keep itself. Rubble and standing water block the obvious approaches. Solis, Gunderson and Grift are all nimble enough to mount the debris, while Carfax St. James and Callimachi detour through the water to a break in the wall. This proves fateful.
So while I'm having this big heaping moment of self-pity and longing, I'm still delighted that my boy is two. He was so happy to have a scooter and his three storey garage this morning. His eyes lit up and he didn't know which one to play with first. It's so nice to make him happy and just watch him jump up and down in sheer delight. Best feeling in the world.
Let them sing for joy on their beds.
I do love Kate. And Curran. Last summer Salon published a list of romance reads for the summer. I don’t read romance novels, but the Kate Daniels book sounded promising, so I started reading the first one, Magic Bites. I was hooked. It is considered Urban Fantasy, and it can be violent. Kate is a mercenary. It’s her job to hunt down and kill supernatural beasties, which she does quite well. Kate is so kick-ass and I love the alternate reality/future reality Atlanta where magic and technology coexist, not particularly peacefully, by sliding back and forth. When the tech is up and the magic is down, cars will run and the telephones work. When the tech falls and the magic us up, residents must rely on magical and supernatural wards and charms to protect themselves. It’s a very cool world. The romance is between Kate and Curran, leader of the Pack, the Atlanta chapter of animal shapeshifters, but I wouldn’t call these books romance novels. Kate and Curran’s relationship isn’t the driving plot–the real story is whatever badness is happening in Atlanta that requires Kate’s attention.
We can rename Bugzilla Master Version always immediately when a new Branch has been created. For example after 3.6.0 Tag has been created, Version LibO Master in Bugzilla will be renamed to existing LibO 3.6 Daily, and a new LibO Master has to be created
He is known only as Juror #2. But he has a name, a past, and he has planned his every move with the help of a beautiful woman on the outside. Now, while a corporate empire hangs in the balance, while a grieving family waits, and while lawyers are plunged into a battle for their careers, the truth about Juror #2 is about to explode, in a cross fire of greed and corruption-and with justice fighting for its life…”
My choice of image is this beautiful baby Tilda from Magnolia. I don´t think she looks to girly if you colour her in these boyish colours?
Ginny Miller
And the last card I want to show you today is a Christmas card that uses the super adorable new Stocking Builder punch as well as the new Snowburst embossing folder. I also accented the stockings with the brand new Mini Jingle Bells. All of these exciting products can be found in the new Holiday Mini catalog. The "Merry Christmas" sentiment is from the new holiday set called Forest Festivities which is also in the Holiday Mini. The gorgeous plaid paper is from the Letters to Santa DSP which is in the main catalog.
“We now have Mrs.Barney in our midst! I haven’t seen her, but I’m told she haunts low bars in red pyjamas and talks to everyone at the top of her voice. I can’t see what it matters whether she actually slew the young drug-fiend or not, – they ought to have hung a woman like that on principle.”
And guess what, I WON!!! I know, I feel like I won the lottery!
When have you been you get one?
* Edgar Allan Poe
Naturally, Spikes Harvey Rotten gets my vote for fave character. A couple of issues previous (prog 58) I got my first drawing in the Nerve Centre - a punk biker called Hyper Punk . I can't say for sure it sowed any seeds though one of the creators of Cursed Earth recalls my drawing...
He said the transition to democracy could be rightly described as a "boardroom revolution", to the exclusion of the poor.
Can I tell you that I love books! Books and magazines! Even in this technology stage I love to be able to hold a book or a magazine in my hands. If I could I would buy/magazine a book or two or three every chance that I got. When it comes to reading books for pleasure I would usually check them out from the library but when it comes to reference/coffee books I usually would buy them when they are on sale. Well, there are few books that I have been eyeing and with my birthday in a month I am thinking of a great present for me!
Adaptation does not happen in the gym though. It happens outside of the gym when you actually free your body from the stresses of training and give yourself a chance to recover.
1/5/2012 St John’s College communion Service
I'm praying for God to help me to take advantage of the opportunities He gives me to share His love with the unsaved around me. I have loved ones and friends that are not serving God. Why do I not reach out to them more. I think a lot of times I know that they know the truth...nothing I say is going to make a difference. I need more of the Holy Spirit so He can speak through me....or nothing that comes out of my mouth will make a difference. I need to set the example for my kids...you can't just pray for people to get saved...we're told to preach the Gospel. People are perishing all around us. God give me the urgency you feel to rescue people from an eternity in hell....so they can know your love.
But how do we solve this issue?
Lastly, just wanted to say goodbye to the lovely Louise, who has been my teamie at Little Claire. She is stepping down from the team and I am really going to miss her.
Well, some people just start out bad right from the beginning. I can’t tolerate a mean spirit and that’s what this guy had. He told me he would show up early and that was fine, because we all had work to do. I told my sons dad about this so he was on the same page.
Tame the tongue, who can
Rakofsky also complains that he did not receive Marc Randazza’s Motion to Dismiss, along with other documents related to the case. (which is a shame, because it’s one of the most well written legal documents I have ever read.)
do you hear it now?
Throughout my life, I have met hundreds of people. However, only a special few have had the ability to make a long impact.
Write what you understand is the one that works best for me. If you understand the situation, your story will be consistent, if you understand the characters, you’ll be able to create a well developed personality, if you understand the emotions, you will be able to create human experience that you reader is looking for, the journey that makes them feel things. That’s what write what you know means to me.
Note: I drew up my top 30 list several weeks ago, but have only now scribbled up some words to go with it. This means that, inevitably, some films I've seen since from the year, and that may have been included (Senna, Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol etc), haven't been given a place even if they were entirely worthy. Also, some films may, in time, move up or down according to rewatches or personal opinion. This is always the way and unavoidable. But anyway, here they are (for the forseeable future, at least):
Left behind in the wake of Netanyahu’s surprise unity maneuver are some serious winners and loser. There is no doubt that elections would have shaken things up, but this unity coalition shakes up things even more. What Netanyahu managed to do today is of historic proportions and has some serious ramifications for many people on both a personal and national level. We present to you our list of winners and losers.
This is the main entrance to Russia's Moscow Zoo, a place that holds a special place in Ksenia's heart. Back in the 1990s, when Ksenia was a teen, she dreamt of traveling worldwide, or even just within her own huge country. That dream was a far reach for her, though, because her parents barely managed the necessities.
Auburn jumps to the eastern division to keep the balance. Fear not Iron Bowl-ers. Alabama will become their annual opposite-division opponent.
Shiny yellow, purple, too.
I'm a notorious over-packer. Back in the glory days, I would pack a suitcase of just shoes because you just never know if you're going to need three pairs of black stilettos. Now? I'm pretty confident about my stiletto needs. If I'm not home, I'm not going to want to stomp around in 4-inch heels for 12 hours.
Ribbon: Really Reasonable Ribbon
Swing Out Sister
As tropical storm Lee comes through Alabama, I am busy working on my fall wardrobe. Lucky for me, I've taken a week off from work for a Staycation! We had planned for this in the last few weeks. For me, that meant purchasing fabric to get ready. I purchased a collection from Emma One Sock and Gorgeous Fabrics. I love these fabrics! If you are looking for a great RPL at a reasonable price, I highly recommend Emma One Sock. I bought it in brown, black, and camel to make pants using my Sure Fit Designs Kit and pencil skirts from Pamelas Patterns.
And in the past hours more information has started to emerge that the channel carried out a similar tampering exercise with the Al Jazeera report on the march by the reporter Harry Fawcett!
Also, I noticed that Models Own were saying that the store would have some exclusives which they may well do, I was too enamoured with the Hed Kandi polishes that I totally forgot to ask about these but will be doing so when I get back.
Now, does this mean Kate Spain was in the right to protect her copyright over her fabrics? I doubt my opinion really matters here, but having more time to reflect, I think Spain had a right to demand attribution - her name on the bags and within the book.
As regular readers of my blog will be aware, I have a weakness for American cop shows, despite the, diversity quota approved, parallel universe of evil white criminals and honest, law abiding, black victims in which they are set. We all have our own foibles and vices and late evenings will often find me, my Albion knight and a bottle of Shiraz in front of of the TV watching the mindless pap that is CSI, Law and Order or the ludicrous twaddle the Mentalist.
Winslet has also collaborated with fellow actresses Emma Thompson and Rachel Weisz and set up the British Anti-Cosmetic Surgery League to support (and defend!) natural beauty in Hollywood.
That being the case, doesn’t it make you pity anyone who would dare speak against you?
This apple subzi is my son's favourite since childhood,He is working in U.S now ,yesterday he called me and ask the recipe of apple subzi.then he send me the pics to show how he made it.,so today I am sharing my recipe and his clicks:)
Distress Ink : Walnut Stain by Ranger Ink
Pizza Sauce
“If I was on that plane with my kids, it wouldn’t have went down like it did. There would have been a lot of blood in that first-class cabin and then me saying, ‘OK, we’re going to land somewhere safely, don’t worry.’”
everyone will go to their separate planes and bases
I race down the street again to get the stamps as I know how serious the French administration are about their lunch hour and if I come back at 1:31PM, it's game over for me. I ponder briefly the irony of how I always seem to be running somewhere for an administration that took 15 months to process me. Panting, I rush up the stairs where finally.....I receive my carte.
Another advantage of this over typical labor regulation is what constitutes good working conditions extends across all facets of the job including subtle ones that are difficult to write into law. This encompasses everything from working hours to safety and even intangible aspects such as harassment or prestige. Furthermore, each worker has a different weighting of what constitutes a good job and can individually decide at which point they would quit.
Track and field try outs after school today from 3-4:30pm.
Interior apartment evening. The sound of footsteps on the stairs.
1/2 tsp red chili powder (optional)
* Incitement by high-ranking government officials through speeches
It's that simple. Teachers love them...a great pick me up during those long days just prior to the holidays when their students are restless and ready for the break! If you are a teacher, you know exactly what I mean.
If you love me…, sets up the logical argument equating passage of legislation to affection for president 0. The inverse of that argument also needs to be explored: if we don’t love you, don’t pass the bill.
It sounds perfect.
who both have lots of followers, but their blogs really are lovely!
We all have areas that are not only important but are also very personal. They are, by no means, illogical or unimportant and should not be diminished in any way. We also must realize that this world is bigger than all of us and everything we see will one day be destroyed. However, Jesus will never be like that. He said, “I am the Way, the Truth and the Life. No one gets to the Father except through me.” There is no other way.
Series V: 371-446
I should feed him canned green beans. When I was a kid, my mom would make those slimy green beans despite knowing how much I hated them. And I could wail and scream and gag and puke and it wouldn't make a difference, I wasn't going to be excused from the table until I ate every wormy green puke bean from my plate. If I got out of the chair, she'd spank me and put me back in the chair until I choked-gulped down everyone of those nasty slimy green things posing as food. Serving canned green beans should count as child abuse!
but words can't describe the feeling i have inside when i think about finally buying a computer and how many doors it might open for me, as it is a resource i have longed for and needed for a very long time.
My thoughts were so far from that it's ridiculous. I was thinking of the families who lost loved ones and friends in the towers and in the wars. I thought of all the sacrifice and pain and humiliation the US has suffered.
The Homeland Security Act of 2002 is another act that was passed to take away freedom and security in the United States and is in total violation of the constitution. As all the requirements of these acts become implemented, the people of the country will learn first-hand how it feels to have absolutely no freedom. These and other laws and regulations on the books will, when implemented, convert the United States into a more ruthless police state than was Nazi Germany or communist Russia and Red China.
"Option two. A great way to introduce yourself."
Whew. Where was I? So H.M. has a small staph infection above her eyelashes and we caught it very early and she's on antibiotics and we just need to keep an eye on it. (Although every time my pediatrican says "staph" now, a vein in my forehead commences to throb and my jaw clenches unconsciously. And probably will for the rest of my life). She may be more prone to staph infections than other children for now. Or forever. For the concerned parents out there whose children were in recent contact with H.M., be not afraid. Unless she rubbed her finger on her eyelashes and then immediately rubbed it into an open wound on your child, you are probably in the clear. Wonder Boy hasn't had any staph infections since all this went down, and he and H.M. regularly share food, share baths, share a toilet seat, and sneeze on each other. There haven't been any outbreaks of staph at H.M.'s daycare based on her presence there. She's not Typhoid Mary. (Note to self: back off, you're starting to sound a little defensive). But if I were in your shoes, I would completely understand if you felt if you felt a little frisson of concern and called your pediatrician. Because I'm not a doctor and don't play one on TV.
to Kilauea
A recent study by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has confirmed 1988 as a “change point” in the rise of Autism Disorder rates in the U.S. – a date that pro-life leaders say correlates with the introduction of fetal cells for use in vaccines.
And if I need more reason to minimize those slip-ups, I can think about how great it was to try on a special favorite Halloween “spider” sweater that I bought years ago and kept just in case I slimmed down. It fits (yay!), and I’m looking forward to wearing it again for the holiday this year!
And, naturally, this has been picked up by fellow bloggers and turned into something of a more Organized Event. To that end, the book review blog “Pages Unbound” – comprised of a few generous and clever ladies – is hosting two weeks filled with guest posts about Tolkien! The first post is a lovely review of The Hobbit. You should go check it out.
A pretty good hit rate for the one frame….Apart from the missing Gherkin, all we really need is a telephone box giving details of a fat blonde offering ‘French’ lessons and we’d have all the bases covered.
Fast forward 3 weeks later. I travel to Pacific Grove for a free swim clinic that TRI CALIFORNIA was offering for the triathletes competing at Pacific Grove. I knew I needed to be there so I could learn how to swim in the kelp beds in the ocean! That day also went a long way toward calming some nerves. I survived my first ocean swim and felt pretty good about it. A HUGE thank you goes out to the volunteer coaches who gave their time that day for us "first timers".
I had no idea what I was good at. I had tried everything. Arts and crafty things like mug making. Then I tried sweater knitting for little premie babies down at the local hospital. I even tried selling underwear at the flea market. I had a Chinatown connection. He would give me the garments for nothing. I’d display ‘em and try to sell ‘em and then whatever I sold, we split the profits. Nothing was working and I really wanted to move on with my life. I wanted to eventually build a family because I hadn’t come from much. So, I thought I could build my future world the way I thought it should be. But, it’s hard to think about becoming a single mom when you ain’t got two nickels to rub together. I was getting frustrated. Real frustrated. Until, I pulled up at the AutoZone that day…
Below is what I prefer to see on my couch.
Flooding
Preheat the oven to 190°C/180°fan. Put 10 muffin cases in a muffin tin.
A Scor-Buddy( I LOVE LOVE MINE)
“Just fuck off Tony, OK?”
Anyways, we are not here to talk about my pitfalls are we?. I'm sure you'd like to know more, but let me not steal the limelight from the chicken wings. So these are so damn easy to make and taste amazing with some chilled beer or cider. The best part- you dont need to have a BBQ grill or any such fancy schmancy appliance. Just your oven grill would do. The marinade is a mixture of all sorts of sauces (from various countries that too) and like Ro says, is slightly confused as to which ethnicity it belongs to. But who cares when it tastes so darn yummilicious? So without further ado, here is the recipe for some finger licking food.
But it was a school night, and we were older than those bright young things, with jobs to go to in the morning where we had to earn our own money to afford those whisky green teas and so we split shortly after 1am.
... and landed FLAT on my right side (I had the leash on my left)...
Everything centers around the Solo children, especially Anakin, who plays a major role in the finale. We get to see how he works and why he works, his interactions with his siblings. If ever you wanted to see young Anakin Solo in action, here he is. Luke, Han, Leia, and Lando all do their part; but no matter what was happening, it all came back to the children.
Are you tired of the bad news on TV, your struggle with sin, your work situation or even the physical and emotional pain you may be experiencing?
There are, to be blunt, huge leaps made in McKnight’s historical analysis here, and it is intriguing the way in which he highlights the creeds positively, where Wright had identified their current usage as part of the problem (more on that another day). But it is important to focus on the larger point that McKnight is making, that today’s Western Christianity largely discards the actual historical element in the gospel in favor of a de-historicized propositional salvation message and somewhat mystical experience. Of course, we must not discount an individual’s or community’s experience of the living Christ, nor can we say there are no propositions present in the basic gospel message. Nevertheless, McKnight wants us to be focusing elsewhere, on an element that has been buried for some time – the robust story of which the gospel is the culmination.
If someone emails you to offer you a free lunch, an art workshop for your children, an afternoon at the theatre AND a free vacuum cleaner, I'd challenge any of you to turn them down. Dirt Devil did just that this summer. And I'm not made of stone.
And that was that. The still-weak, pretty-tired and really-sick-of-sitting-on-the-couch Harpist will be performing her all-time Irish favorites from 5:00 to 7:30 p.m. Using the Fish Frye sound system to boost her still-scratchy voice on some emotion-filled Irish songs. It will be hailed as her "back from the dead" show.
What I miss: I can’t think of anything that I miss right now.
I curse now the thrill I see will never bend
Alcohol By Volume : 9.50% Availability : Year Round
Smooth and flavourful, with a touch of sweetness and a very crisp, zesty, bitter finish. Clean, well-balanced and altogether rather lovely. This cocktail had a textbook Negroni bitterness with a long, long finish.
On Saturday, we walked briskly in the rain and then I brought him back to our apartment to test out the ZoomGroom I recently bought. I know it’s not the most effective brush for hair removal, but I had heard good things about its massaging powers and how much dogs seem to like it.
If you have ever had your picture taken by me,
My Creative Time- Embossed Gift Card Holder
5) Tropical islands
From the sound of it, two spoiled, privileged-as-hell upper class twits and their father, who apparently has too much money and time on his hands, have been killing time the last two years in a lawsuit against the kids' mom for what basically amounted to 'Bad Mothering'.
Off-color, and heisted from movies—
to see that poor little pretender, Tom Titmouse,
I needed to get some new plants for my planter. I found out who destroyed my garden, but we'll save that for another post. Today, it's all about Duane's day and bacon jam!!
Thinking their health is safe
And you begin
In honor of sunshine, blooming trees and pollen everywhere, we'd love to ship this to one of you!
I didn’t ask about her stomach, and she didn’t mention it either, so I’m guessing it is better. Still, a live dose of arcenicum is in the mail en route to “the condo” where Alison resides by the sea. Family therapy has not been mentioned recently, but I am here and ready anytime it is suggested and maybe she wasn’t the one thinking about it for us, anyhow. Passover is finished and this year we were passed over, thank God.
They’ve been needing repotted though so that was today’s Springtime job – lovely and messy!I also have a couple of ‘Ceropegia’ which needed cared for too. Last year, I decided that I would like some trailing plants but I didn’t want ivy; I came across Ceropegia in a book however it was impossible to come by around here. It became a mission and eventually I tracked it down in a beautiful flower shop in Stockbridge in Edinburgh, and so I bought 2!
My 24-year-old sister has claimed this guy, and I've already got a list of people in my friends and family who are going to need one. I think I'll be heading to the store for more colors of corduroy so I can stitch up a whole colony!
. . and to finish with Sonnet 18 (William Shakespeare). Good night.
(And now I can’t get the sound of that song, as sung in Young Frankenstein, out of my head.)
There were no chives. I will have to come up with another plan for garnishing my butternut squash soup.
Israel Shields Public From Risks of War With Iran. Gareth Porter, Inter Press Service: “The message that Iran is too weak to threaten an effective counterattack is contradicted by one of Israel’s leading experts on Iranian missiles and the head of its missile defence programme for nearly a decade, who says Iranian missiles are capable of doing significant damage to Israeli targets”: here.
-We don’t want to travel to Africa with our toddler
After it became clear that Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick would be tied up in legal troubles, and eventually locked up, Detroiters elected Dave Bing in a special election. Dave Bing was, and is, a Democrat, but as the founder and owner of Bing Steel he also has private-sector business experience. Bing possesses an understanding of the basic laws of supply and demand and a strong moral character.
The pretzels are best eaten the day they are made or you can freeze them right away and then warm in the oven when you want them. Don't store them in a covered container on your counter top though or they will end up a little soggy.
The embryologist gives you a picture of what he transferred and let’s you know how the embryos looked. In our case the embryologist said in both cases that we had great looking embryos. I was disappointed that they never graded them or spoke about the structure in scientific terms. In the United States and some Canadian clinics grade the embryos based on many factors. If our embryos did have a grade we were never given more than the assurance that these could do the trick. At the time it was easy to trust that sentiment. I have wondered more about the quality now that both of our treatments failed. I have no quantifiable information on the quality of our embryos.
Frank is the sole director of the company, his wife Rose having resigned as a director in November 2010.
So off to Home Depot...no wait Lowe's...to have the tile cut with a wet saw!
The white hair and beard, along with the jolly belly and reindeer, is simply,an image we pass onto our children who have a more privileged life than others, to entertain a child’s curiosity of giving. The child whose parents could never afford the bike, the pretty doll, or the loving teddy bear and who smells the ham baking, sees and knows another kind of Santa who makes the lives of these children miraculous for a day as well as sends them to bed with a full stomach, if they are Blessed enough to receive from the kindness of others.
11 - I almost had a psychic girlfriend... But she left me before we met.
Last night I asked her if she had ever seen a ghost. ‘Nooooo,’ she exclaimed, almost in a humorous tone.
A ruler always makes sure the elite class is on his side. The personnel selection system is often used as a way for the emperor to share power with the elite class and thus consolidate the base of their legitimacy. From a society in which social position and political power were based largely on kinship credentials, China was transformed into a meritocracy in which social prestige and political appointment depended mostly on classical examinations to establish legitimate academic credentials (Elman, 1989). For the emperor, producing talented and loyal officials for the state to employ had been the prime concern. Also, by spreading the chances of participating in politics among the masses regardless of their family backgrounds, the emperor promulgated a feeling of equality and empowerment of the poor.
Coconut Powder - 1/2 Cup
India investing $3.1 Billion in defense network, to build cyber defense system – A $3.1 Billion investment to give defense forces their own OFC powered communications infrastructure that will let Department of Telecom lease freed spectrum bringing in nearly $17.9 Billion.
5. You control what spices you want to use and how much you want to use
the quiet life – cannot abide.
Today I also went to my beloved chiropractor. I drank from the bird cup. And we chatted about this and that and poop ;-)
89. Killing Mr. Griffin: Lois Duncan
Here are my two absolute favs:
Having been raised listening to these songs, it was nice to see these songs be performed by these homegrown artists. It was a homecoming of sorts. The artists would joke with the audience and reminisce of local entities that were unique only to those who grew up in the area. How many people from other communities could experience something like that in their hometown? This was our story from our town.
We later found out that an actual tornado had been in the area. In the end, my canopy tents lay in the destruction graveyard, which we started in the center of the field. We saw at least 10 tents in the pile as we drove off, defeated.
JUSTIN: You're a full time self taught rock sculptor now. In a previous conversation, you had told me that you already had your mind set at becoming a sculptor before you even started to work on Basket Case, right?
Zoroastrianism is an ancient religion/ philosophy based on the teachings of Zoroaster (Zarathustra). A kind of forerunner to today’s main religions, it is still practised by a minority in Iran, chiefly in Yazd.
Cycling turnover is a potential for losing some gains of the already achieved modal conversions to cycling. A cycling planner in a mid-sized European city with a 25% cycling mode share estimated that if social marketing programs should end, the cycling mode share would deteriorate by 2% to 3%. This estimation would support cyclist-focused bike stations.
This goes to a question of states’ rights, including whether a state has the right to maintain and keep its citizens safe and secure its borders.
over the newly minted sky.
I made this cupcake stand as a wedding gift for J&A. The stand itself was a put together wood kit from KaiserCraft. The big thing I learnt from this project is that when the wooden frame is a tight fit even before you start working with it….then its not going to fit once you’ve added layers!! Unfortunately I discovered this out after I had finished painting and decoupaging, and so a lot of hammering and touching up was required to assemble the stand at the end. Each layer of the stand was decoupaged with a different napkin or tissue in a pink floral theme. Holes were drilled into two of the layers to hang the beaded chandeliers, made out of fake pearls. Four different rub-on quotes surround the base:
To make all your friends feel like there is something in them.
When I first saw the Cobra B.A.T. action figure in the store as a kid I thought it was the coolest GI Joe figure EVER - he had a robot hands and could swap it out with a back pack full of kick ass-weapons. MAximum firepower with no guns - awesome! I also thought it was just one guy - some sort of Cobra cybernetic super-soldier. Then I saw the cartoon and was so disappointed when it turned out that B.A.T.stood for Battle Android Trooper and there were THOUSANDS of the useless losers. What a gyp. I like my idea better.
Then we took a shower and fixed our stuff and prepared to head back to the main land.
今日は私の生まれ育った国日本のことについて書こうと思います。
Second, both in the public rooms and in the private family quarters above, I couldn't help but be struck by what it must take to maintain it, in terms of both time and money. For each lovingly maintained detail, there was an equal amount of decay. My hostess, a gifted and animated storyteller, had wonderful tales to tell about keeping the ancient pipes in order, seeking authorizations for renovations, giving tours of the property to all manner of people including the prince and princess of Belgium. She had us all in tears with laughter. But she also sighed with sadness when she explained that her family will very likely have to sell the property soon because the costs for needed repairs and day to day upkeep simply outstrip the family's ability to pay. It's a poisoned heritage, she explained.
How was she to find them when she did not know who they were?
And, truly, thanks so much for reading.
OG=1.049@71F
The shutter button on my camera broke in Florida last October. I choose to not send it out for repair right away, to stop myself shooting images and use that time for other focusing. That 6 month period has been like a skip of stones, skimming hop hop hop-ripple ripple across placid water. Time of no-time. Good time. Life time.
All of this is typical in the US which has a rigged voting system to be proud of by and SE Asian standards, along with vote stuffing, buying up votes with cheap whiskey and cigarettes, out and out intimidation of voters by armed thugs as well as the usual rigging of numbers. I did not say African, because at least so far they are not massacring and eating their opponents.
One is a universal memory card to store photos (hopefully from my party), a snuggie and an amazing portable chair you can fold up, put in a purse/pocket and take anywhere. Shout out to Five Below!
It's no longer available from them but you can get it on Amazon here. Unfortunately it seems like the bed has gotten some bad reviews in regards to the quality of it but I won't be able to see what kind of quality it is until I move into my new place since I have no room to set it up and check it out now. I'm hoping everything will be OK because I'll be unable to return the bed when I move so fingers crossed!
"Pamela Geller is the anti-Muslim movement's most visible and flamboyant figurehead," according to a profile published by SPLC on its web site. "She's relentlessly shrill and coarse in her broad-brush denunciations of Islam and makes preposterous claims."
Purge things we haven’t used/read in the last year or more
ALMOND ESSENCE. VANILLA ESSENCE. MARMALADE. APPLES. WHITE SHEET – FLAT. MARMALADE. CHICKEN BREAST (4). ONIONS. 61/2OZ CAN FROZEN ORANGE JUICE. DRIED TARRAGON. 5OZ SOURED CREAM.
* image aquired online
I can only hope he doesn’t feel the same.
I'm focusing really hard on eating often, & today was the only day I skipped breakfast (I couldn't eat. Seriously!). So hopefully I will keep that up & not be so stupid anymore!
the coin seigniorage option for coping with the debt ceiling—whether now or in the future—is both a legal option, and also one that will not have any inflationary side effects.
I'm so sorry I've been absent lately. I just wanted to pop in and let you all know that I'm still alive! I am in the midst of taking not one, but TWO online classes right now - both of which are COMPLETELY AWESOME - but which are consuming ALL of my time...leaving me little time for blogging!!
I mean, I’m pretty sure dogs don’t fall in love, despite what Disney tried to tell me. But the thought seems nice. I always imagined dogs just really liked each other, ya know, became great buddies and nothing more. But, some people believe in puppy love and decide that wedding is the only option.
So I hope you'll stick with me as I finish out this week. I'd love love love to hear what you have to say about the adventures, the love, your own stories of summer romance, and just anything else in the world! (I know you're all out there, google analytics doesn't lie!) Blogging is odd in that it's often so one sided but one of the best things from this project has been hearing the words of encouragement, advice, and thoughts, from all of you. Sadly this project won't last forever, even in a digital sense.
missing your taste
spider Make a thin curtain for your epitaphs.”
Like a song,
WHAT? I'm sorry dear readers, but this lady who looks like Jane Curtain keeps interrupting me.
So when I picked him up after school, he says, “Mom, you’re going to be SO MAD AT ME when you read your email!!”
I introduced Steph to Jered, she looked him up and down with narrowed eyes, and said, "Oh, yes, you must be Amber's douchebag ex."
The case of the nurse is more complex. The man and the girl were patients, so what she did was arguably a form of post-operative therapy. Even if her intention was purely recreational, one can see a method in her madness. If you’re into heavy petting, four arms are better than two, and two heads are better than one. Not being sure who was doing what might have added to the thrill.
As unfortunate as it may be, Jonathan Lee’s documentary is my first foray into the eccentric and powerful world of Paul Goodman. Paul Goodman Changed My Life does little more than give a basic introduction into the background of Goodman. Lee doesn’t attempt to get into the psyche of Goodman, or to justify or vilify his actions, but instead Lee documents Goodman’s life to the best of his ability. The resulting effort leaves me – a newcomer to Goodman’s work – feeling like an outsider.
we had stressful conveyancing and legal things going on
Facebook or Twitter: Facebook. I don't even have a twitter account!
Don’t watch.
"Well," she smiles, "I'd have thought last night would be some evidence, wouldn't you, hey?"
Add all to a blender and enjoy!
My favorite number in this show changed every week while I staged managed it. however, Worf’s fierce “training program” in the holodeck is damn hard to top. As sexy lady Kirk says, “Kling . . . on . . . me.”
Yesterday, she was diagnosed with Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia.
RIP Daphne
That big saving of 100 is what will return to him/her in later life and will prosper his/her life.
Need help sharing your brand? Call our Social Media Director, Claire Lenenski, at 843-377-8450 to discuss how we can help manage all your social media needs, or email her at Claire@momentumresults.com.
Mr. Poole will be speaking at the Temecula Library on August 21st. Here is the information regarding the event. If you are interested in the local Temecula water and how the larger scope of our water affects you, I encourage you to check it out.
Throw the first six ingredients into a food processor and bust it all up. While the blade is running slowly drizzle the olive oil through the pour spout. When there are no big chunks left it’s done. I cooked some pasta and tossed it with the pesto and a little chicken. Feel free to do whatever you please. “Can I use it to simulate ejaculate in my bi-weekly extra-terrestrial
I have been searching for a cookie jar for a while now. Mainly on Etsy and at the flea market. I have found so many but they were all too big and too expensive. I wanted a jar to hold our cookies (we make and buy a lot of cookies around here) but I wanted a medium sized one so that it doesn't take up too much space.
Cold Pellegrino
Sheik Yousef Al-Qaradhawi: A Muslim in Europe or America can marry a Christian woman or a woman from among the People of the Book, under four conditions:
Here's your wiener!!
A criminal trial last year shows how the SEC could face daunting hurdles in bringing enforcement actions against lawyers for providing bad advice.
In the afternoon my parents arrived for a visit. To say the atmosphere was tense, would be a considerable understatement. Hence the stress. The confusion, on the other hand, was born from the stress. Confussion in attempting, inadequately, to explain how an hour long visit from my mother and Dad, required 5mg of diazapam to prevent tearing my own hair out. Admittedly, my hair is rather thick, almost irritatingly so, in fact it would require a fair few handfuls before there’d be a discernable difference. However, head based aesthetics aside, that is not the point. It is quite painful physically removing hair en masse. In fact it could probably be described as “unhealthy“
Moron, that I was, I started screaming and grabbing desperately at the pile of fabric around my waist that used to be a shirt, at which point EVERYONE turns around and starts staring and my horse decides to go even faster to the point of almost bucking me off because I've decided that modesty is more important than life. Also, I forgot to pull on the reins and actually stop the horse. Like I said. Imbecile.
Then it was back on the bus for drive to lunch. I'm not sure if the driver followed the "official" route, because he took us through a local neighborhood that didn't look like it saw a lot of traffic. When we got to the restaurant, we got another small glass of punch, then there was a man taking snapshots of each party before before they were seated. The buffet lunch included salad, jerk chicken, pork, mutton with potatoes, rice pasties, and several kinds of cookies and pastries for dessert.
For those no longer tied down to Windows XP, the Start menu in Windows 7 (and Vista) allows for unsurpassed efficiency in launching programs and searching for files.
Gert E. Schuitemaker, Ph.D. (Netherlands)
Mr Sheridan later asked DCS Williams if during his inquiries he had “spoken to anyone else at the News of the World”. In light of present developments what seemed a bizarre answer then becomes even more ridiculous.
Using a tablespoon measure, drop cookie dough onto a cookie sheet lined with parchment paper about 3 inches apart. Bake for about 12 0r 15 minutes or until lightly browned around the edges. Bake a little longer for a crispier cookie. Makes approximately 3 1/2 to 4 dozen cookies.
The issue I have with this kind of thing isn't that there are KIDS at my work. Boo! Hiss! ICKY!
When the couple came down for breakfast next morning, I knew at once that Mrs Mellonberg had acted on my advice. There was a prodigious hickey on her husband’s face and triumphant smile on her one. The manager later said that she looked like a woman who had recently straddled a man and fucked his brains out.
What was your week like? Places you went. The people you were with. Tasks… Conversations…
Let’s give truly fictional scenes a pass, after all this is just a parody of “you-know-which-book”.
Team principal, Vodafone McLaren Mercedes
Deep in the backwoods of North Dakota, Sarah Ross is searching for a missing child when she is attacked by a glowing-eyed, transparent creature.
Final note: feel free to comment on my take on the film. Start commenting on my lack of religion, though, and I’ll delete your comment as soon as I see it. Fair warning, folks.
Walt – Yes thanks Bob, good morning. Urban Land Institute presentation discussed some trends that will affect commercial real estate. One trend that is developing is “Less is Better”. Tenants and owners are beginning to squeeze more out of every square foot of space in every type of commercial space. This efficiency means less square footage, but it also is about creating environments that are multi-dimensional, adaptable and create a greater intensity of use.
87:16
Going from relaxed to natural hair can be an exciting, liberating experience, and there are two basic ways to get there. The fastest, no nonsense way to go natural is by simply cutting off all the relaxed hair in one fell swoop, or big chopping. But big chopping can require a strength that not everyone is equipped with at the outset of a hair care journey. For some, deliberate transitioning (complete with mini chops) is a necessary part of the “back to natural” process. And, if we really look at it, everyone who makes the journey must transition. Whether you big chop on day one of your thought, or a year after the initial thought, transitioning always starts with the mind well before any actionable steps are taken. In some circles, however, transitioning— especially long term transitioning, is seen as a sign of weakness. I argue, quite the contrary!
Atheists and freethinkers ended up being burned at the stake for the next thousand years or so after Rome became a totalitarian theocracy and science, art, technology and medicine utterly collapsed until the High Middle Ages and the Renaissance, when the old gods of Europe awoke from their slumber once again.
FULL on candi sugar; marzepan, barely, black currents, figgs, raisins, chocolate, oak, leathery goodness and some citrus hidden gently. Taste is striking; exhaustingly complicated, the senses lit up devinely. I am knocked out. Thick velvet; rich Belgian truffle chocolate, marzepan, candi-sugar, treacle oozes down my throat like a juggernaut, STUNNING blending, balance is superb. The malt is stunning, loads of nice booze and whiskey but the descent stuff, wood, oak, cherries, soy source, leather, could really do with some coffee.
everlastingly.
“Is that a sock?”
and admire the beautiful paint job you did on it.
Posted by Mike Smith at 3:34 AM
I want to tell you that I keep on praying
All I've added is a cute silver clip from the Clips Assortment, punched out the sentiment with the Jewellery Tag Punch and attached it with a brad from the Subtles collection.
Big deal. No! A fucking Major big deal for a kid like me back then.
"I've had a lot of people ask me, 'Will the oil reach Florida?'" says NCAR scientist Synte Peacock in a statement accompanying the animation, which he worked on. "Actually, our best knowledge says the scope of this environmental disaster is likely to reach far beyond Florida, with impacts that have yet to be understood."
It took a while for Greg, Robert and I to get into the dancing, although the drumming (provided by the amazing Bill Matthews and Friends) was highly infectious and could not be resisted for long. Greg and I were both moving to the rhythms, although not quite dancing during the early numbers. Robert was appreciative of the music but not moving too much early on. At some point during that first hour of music, one of the dancers, a lithe, lovely raven-haired vision in white lace, extended a graceful hand to me and drew me into the dance. From then on, for a total of around 3 hours, it was nearly non-stop dancing for me. Greg had started really dancing around this time too and never stopped.
To date, the U.K. hyperlocal sector has been very diverse in terms of its voice, aims and business models. This diversity has resulted in innovation, yet at the same time it also makes it difficult to attract large scale advertising, or national agreements with traditional media outlets. Balancing plurality of voice — and individual creativity — with sector wide scalability is a complex, but necessary, consideration.
Two scenes from this movie fucked me up. First of course is the snake eating scene, that even in my "hey I'll try anything you can eat once" demeanor, I can't help but gag. Top that lovely scene with the rats in the water and you'd already have a winner. But no, they weren't satisfied with that and had to go and show me how the bad guy would rip a man's living heart out only to be tossed to the fire or some other overkill that just wasn't necessary. For an adult it was obviously fake, for a kid, well let's just say that voodoo juju isn't my idea for a good betimme story.
Having received a magic potion from the ancient magician Egg Shen, we are preparing to seek out Lo Pan and end his reign of terror. In addition to the potion, Egg Shen also offers to supply us with a frightening array of weaponry. Surely when confronted with such an arsenal, Lo Pan will surrender without a fight!
any problems with this machine. Forever!!!
bake with mama
Strengths: This is definitely an adult novel, and it is a brilliant continuation of the Holmes chronicles, embracing Doyle's style in both style and theme. Horowitz has clearly read and researched in order to do justice to this character.
“Faaaaart. Yeooooooooou!”
He said: 'Sitting on the underground train, I was intrigued by the sheer diversity of the place – Somalis, Indians, Americans, Zimbabweans, Scandinavians and a hundred other nationalities vying for their place in the metropolis.
The markets have since clawed their way back and are likely to recover even further after Manuel was retained as the finance minister in the new-look cabinet of President Kgalema Motlanthe.
Apples are at the top of the list of produce most contaminated with pesticides in a report published today by the Environmental Working Group (EWG), a public health advocacy group.
He stressed the need to reduce the trend of increasing fertilisers in the country.
Did we all used to get along and hug and love every single mom who launched a free Blogspot account? God, no. Hell to the no. But we never questioned each other's authenticity. A blogger wrote what was in her heart and either we agreed or we didn't. Now no one can mention a trip to the zoo or a great movie without someone questioning whether it's been sponsored.
(Source and tip: Father Blake; image: recently-unveiled coat of arms of the Speaker of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom.)
Somewhat off the regular beat, but I found this image fascinating.
- a sectarian stalker and/or hit man
There is a hole the size of a small saucer for an espresso cup. It is suggested that a piece of half pipe clamped with pipe clamps this is the ring thingy that screws down like a metal band, and some JB Weld should do the trick. Unfortunately, all the water it had been sitting in for years had also built up a pleasant concrete-like base under the pipe which required getting into a hole about 3′ across and digging at an angle under this self same fragile pipe with a pick ax hoping not to slip and poke another hole into the already damaged pipe! I did it I fixed the pipe with the instructions I was given and then added a little protection as well. However, there was yet the issue with the gate at the top of the dam and of course the original problem with the eight inch cast iron valve at the bottom of the dam.
1 resisted
3 garlic cloves, diced
As anxious as a woman may be with a charming guy who is using small talk as his Segway to level, you gotta let this kind of guy do things his way b/c the big thing for him is control and frame. By making small talk but still subtly hinting that he is interested, he is keeping his frame from being too focused on the way you look or the fact that he likes you. He is basically leading the way to the next level but doing it very slowly and precisely so that it’s an easier close for both you and him and no awkwardness whatsoever when he finally does ask for your phone number or whatever that next step would be.
I call this the 7-8-7 rule because of the three most important statistics that make a downtown a successful and vibrant destination. Think of your favorite destination downtowns. Are they beautiful? Do they feel safe? Are there things to do after 6:00 pm?
The day starts off as you might expect in early May– those spring time clouds, a chill in the air, damp from the rain last night, the rain glistening on the trees. Later it warms up and by mid afternoon I’m sitting outside in the sun.
‘… the nursery …’ he patted her bulging belly.
The outdoor stalls were full of gorgeous garden furniture, plants, Linens, flower pots and of course a cafe where one could purchase refreshments to enjoy in the outdoor seated area.
JUst thought I would introduce yself.
message me with anymore questions…
That means that
The film features interviews with former Deputy Mayor for Economic Development and Rebuilding Daniel Doctoroff, U.S. Rep. Nydia Velazquez, MacArthur Prize winner Majora Carter, author Phillip Lopate, Sandy Hook Pilots Captain Andrew McGovern, among others and includes footage from Jamaica Bay, the Brooklyn Navy Yard, and many other places on the waterfront, as the promotional material states.
The Word of God says: My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge
However, at the height of her newly-found fame, when preparing a show in Berlin, she feels sabotaged. Years of envy and jealousy, some of them of the amorous persuasion, perhaps, seem to have found too palpable an expression. And the challenge is the ultimate one when, just one year later, an attempt, which may well be successful in its aim, is made on her life.
A funny thing has been happening lately. Opinion editors in Deshi English media, print and electronic, have been approaching me for political pieces. I suggest an economic or policy piece, they respond ‘yeah, that’s good, but how about (whatever is the headline that week)’. Beats me why this is — it’s not like I have a good track record of predicting Deshi politics. In fact, I am not at all qualified or knowledgeable to commentate on day-to-day politics of Bangladesh. Further, I don’t live in Bangladesh, and have a very dim view of pundits who claim to know Bangladesh better living in London than people back home.
Original Recipe
As the article points out, separating out the variables around specific weather events and short term trends is tough, if not impossible. But the trends are clear: a warming planet is going to mean increased weather related risk to business.
– Ibid
"Oi, stop your messing about you!"
Soup Dragons I’m free UK
History Channel- Clash of the Cavemen
Chicken wings- 1 kg
hours supreme,
Not really thinking of how good she’ll feel or the power of orgasm she could possibly endure or the possible repercussions that could result from giving a woman the tongue action she deserves.
Although I hope she never, ever, uses it to light a cigarette.
So, good practice for piecing quilts!
Our main character True is a morally ambiguous person, quite normal and acts almost like an avatar for the reader. She is simultaneously undistinguished and also not quite like anyone else. The routines of her daily life, her divorced parents and even her feelings of ambivalence towards her boyfriend Dirk will seem familiar to the reader. The writing is very honest and sympathetic to the characters; whether or not the audience will be is another question.
Perhaps you could tell your Sunday School class, your co workers or anyone else you know about a little girl named Victoria who needs our help.
Agni-V, the ICBM test fired by India five days ago, is capable of carrying nuclear warheads and has been touted as being crucial for India’s defence against China. The missile can carry a pay-load of 1 tonne, is 17 m long, 2 m wide and weighs 50 tonnes. After the missile is inducted into India’s strategic forces by 2014-2015, India will acquire a strong deterrent capacity against China.
I learned something about myself today. Well, a few things. Because I don’t normally run on a treadmill in front of a mirror, I hadn’t realized how lean and muscular my quads got in the last 6 months. I had no choice but to notice it today as the rower was positioned in front of a full mirror. Simply walking to the rower to clean off my well-hydrated puddles of sweat, I had no choice but to notice my quads flex with each step. I even have the V above the knee. I’ve never noticed this before.
Body Movers by Stephanie Bond – I think this is another similar leading lady with Carlotta, as well as another torn decision between so many men popping up in her life! I think if you liked this one as well, definitely pick up Buying Time!
Actually I have two main characters – and they’re both boys. I don’t know how I did it but I literally got inside the head of two sixteen year old boys. It was an out of body experience. Unfortunately, I don’t have any tips because I seriously don’t know how I did it. It just sort of happened – which I know is kind of lame.
Everyone drives about in stock cars looking for petrol and nobody seems to have considered alternative forms of transport. The baddies dress in leather bondage gear while the goodies dress in cricket pads.
Bake 20 minutes in a 350 degree (Fahrenheit) oven. Makes four dozen.
It died as it would have wished: spinning the limited edition blue vinyl pressing of “West” by Wooden Shjips. May the psychedelic sounds of Ripley Johnson’s Airline guitar accompany it to a better place, where it will rejoin its sister amplifier, the death of which preceded it by a year.
The 2010, annual Oregon Death with Dignity report was recently released.
Asia Summer 2011 Impact Team Background Bio
Mrs. Beatrice Dabney's Lunch in Paris
But the word “worship” can also be defined another way. In the Life Application Study Bible (NIV) the word is defined as “(verb) to express praise and devotion.” So this definition reveals activity . . . involvement . . . choices being made.
But it’s through Elizabeth’s eyes that we can get a semblance of how these events affect her and her siblings. Elizabeth was a bright, young girl. She studied with the best professors and was often ages ahead of everybody else when it came to education. At the beginning of her life she was a doted upon child, who received every pleasure that her mother and father could provide to her. But with the death of her mother, she was rendered a bastard, and her titles taken away. No only that, but she was no longer given the care that she deserved and at one point in her young life was forced to go without clothing. She was in exile. Following Henry’s marriage to Catherine Parr, he reinstated her into his will, as the third successor to the throne, following Edward VI and her older sister Mary. This was a happy time in her life, she was the apple of her father’s eye, being so much like him. Her position in life was stable and she had good relationships with her siblings. But everything changed with the death of her father, and her brother Edward VI’s succession to the throne. It should be noted that during this time the new religion has held strong. The story of this period of Elizabeth’s life became much of a struggle revolving around religion. Her brother was Protestant, her sister Catholic. Both of their reigns were blemished with religious competition and the will to bring their religion to the people. Mary’s reign was very difficult for Elizatbeth, not only due to their religious differences but also due to Elizabeth’s involvement in plots against Mary. But finally following a series of maladies disguised as pregnancies to Mary, she died and Elizabeth was given the throne. There starts the reign of Elizabeth, one of the longest-serving Queens/Kings ever. She became the virgin Queen, to never marry, she became one of England’s greatest rulers. Commanding both respect and fear.
On the lighter side of things, apparently you and I are working hard right now to help re-elect President Barack Obama, donating millions through taxes to his campaign to help transport security vehicles, armored limousines, and communications gear into cities ahead of his various campaign appearances. President Obama has decided to fly around the nation giving speech after speech instead of working hard to rebuild our economy, right-size government, lower the deficit, bring efficiency to operations, root out waste and fraud, and working to strike the compromises and deals needed to reform our bankrupt entitlement programs- and you're gonna pay for it.
the sense before we had senses
“Speak!” announces a title card in the opening sequence of Michel Hazanavicius’ award-winning film, The Artist. A dashing middle-aged man is being tortured on-screen as he is repeatedly shocked with high voltage currency in an attempt to break his silence. Without any preparation, we cut to a smartly dressed audience in a cinema auditorium, visibly enthralled by something they are seeing. A reverse angle reveals that they are watching the torture scene we ourselves have just seen. Now we are both watching the same movie, and both equally thrilled – though ours is doubled through our awareness.
Then, one day, The Boy saw that his Sister took The Book. He didn’t think much of it, after all, it wasn’t his so he did not object. His Sister started to see the beauty of The Book, how nicely bound it was and the font used and she started to casually browse through it, having recently read a couple of books casually as well. She even brought a book along to the library, a book she’s been trying to read for 2 years seriously now, and The Book questioned The Boy about it.
And now Sarwat is back, with the sequel to Devil’s Kiss, DARK GODDESS. Devil’s Kiss was a page-turning read but DARK GODDESS! Wow! I think Sarwat has surpassed himself in terms of both style and story. His writing oozes with confidence and atmosphere. If you like your stories dark, action-packed and a real page-turning read you’ll love this book.
officially, this means i am facing 93 days in jail if they win.
Everybody loves a roadmap. In fact, many sources of technology and even whole businesses are devoted to helping others create these maps. For example, Trainingpeaks.com – for coaches and athletes who have a fitness goal or objective to complete a specific race distance, Smartsheet – for online project management, Stratigent – for business analytics programs, myfitnesspal.com – for tracking and planning caloric intake for weight-loss, and many more. In the field of sport psychology, consultants might use a periodized mental skills training program (PMST) to help athletes stay on target for developing specific skills for optimal performance. One example is how a track and field athlete might apply strategic development of mental skills for throwing. How can I use this concept of a roadmap for my own career development?
Thanks for the challenge Diane...it got us to a beautiful place today. :)
Another clever question, to which the correct answer is TRUE. Notice there is no argument as to whether there really is racism in the Anglican Church, it is just presented as fact, and provides the BBC with the opportunity to subliminally brainwash whilst promoting the only Christian they admire, based solely on the fact that he is an African, an enormous positive that far outweighs the inconvenient fact that he is far more hard line than the liberal rank and file excuses for the British Clergy epitomised by the Archdruid, Rowan Williams.
Of course, he’s thought of nothing but the 6 days they spent together, boinking like bunnies after her rescue was over. So much that – in spite of his rogue-ish reputation – he’s never even looked at another woman since those 6 days, 7 months ago.
One of the mothers said in a very slow sing-song voice, "that's just from my pram wheels going bumpity bump over the rocky ground."
I must admit that at first glance the thought of enjoying a day on the beach just down from Port-au-Prince does seem tacky at best. But as I continued to explore the idea, it occurred to me that the discussion is really one of scale. Haiti has been and will continue to be one of the poorest countries in the world. People died of malnutrition and disease there long before the current disaster, and yet the cruise ships came. In ten years, people will still be dying of causes that the tourists could never comprehend, and yet the cruise ships will come. If I, as an individual, didn't care about or contribute to the solution before, cancelling my cruise now won't actually affect the outcome.
Okay, so lots of friends are asking: 1) What kind of goat is that? 2) How old is she? 3) How much milk does she give? 4)What happened to her ears?! 5) Will she really eat Buckthorn? So, here you go ... everything you want to know about our star milker, Violet:
With all your might
And tell me now, I’m much too proud
I realize today I’ve seen this posture before.
Farrow, however, was a destructive force on another level. As her modeling career faded, she is alleged to have transitioned into the role of drug kingpin, becoming the world's least-clad meth-dealer and shipping drugs mixed with bath salts from her Hollywood home to the far corners of the Earth. In 2009, the DEA moved in to arrest her, and she went on the lam, adding 19 more aliases to her list of names. She has been arrested twice this year in Australia, once in February (after which she promptly skipped bail), and again yesterday.
There are interference patterns in the universe that do not have physical form, but covet our physical bodies. Because a physical body is subject to natural laws, it creates the experience of polarity that provides an opportunity to add jet fuel to the process of evolutionary process. To have form, means having the gift of spiritual alchemy. But we must be aware what base metal we wish to transform into gold, hence the power of free will.
Here are a few suggestions to dovetail with the arrival of Valentine’s Day. These are all fabulous representations of the broad range of exceptional pink wines available today at The Spanish Table. Try one of these with a special someone for a memorable Valentine’s Day experience.
I promise, word after word will flow, when you least expect it.
Barbara Hewitt (English Democrats) 681 (25%)
2) Produce Truck! A few days ago, I saw a produce truck in my neighborhood. I’ve never seen before, although they’re catching on in cities across the country. I read an article about one in Detroit a few years back, and thought it was a great idea. Basically, vendors sell produce out of the back of a truck (like ice cream), driving around neighborhoods where residents don’t have easy access to fresh, healthy food, usually due of a lack of grocery stores. My neighborhood isn’t lacking in supermarkets (there are three within walking distance of my place, and two of them have low produce prices), but it’s a concept that I think is wonderful, so when I saw the truck a few days ago, I decided to stop and buy something from it the next time I saw it.
For those who might not know, and there should be a few, Gilby is most famous for being the backup guitarist for Guns & Roses when Izzy quit the band. Lets go over that, his biggest achievement in this world is having been a replacement guitarist.
“They locked the maid, the gardener and two small babies in the maid’s room and set them alight. I am standing at the scene here
you have been known as a Southern Baptist from the moment you were really born and grew into boyhood there in Plains, Georgia, and then beyond when you were in the presidency, the very same thing. There’s no doubt that there has been some change in that relationship over the last several years as change has happened in the Southern Baptist Convention, and I just feel like, given my responsibility, I should turn to you and give you the opportunity to say what you would wish to say to the Southern Baptist Convention as we are a denomination that you
I do remember spending a lot of time as a kid either trying to step on a crack or not stepping on crack depending on if I was mad at my mom at the time. LOL. You have to remember that game " Step on a crack and break your mothers back" The game came a halt one day when a friend of mine stepped on a crack and that afternoon her mom hurt her back. Looking back on as an adult I see where the two had nothing to do with the other but as a kid it scared me to death.
The monkey can be fun, intelligent, strong-willed, charming, witty, remarkably inventive, creative and excellent problem solvers. They are usually the centre of attention at parties, their creative mind makes them excellent story-tellers and their smile will light up any room. Their curiosity means they have a great thirst for knowledge. At times Monkey people are unreasonable, self-centred and opportunitistic. They love challenges and their popularity means they often become a leader, but they can be cunning and manipulative to win the race.
I popped in at the press room of San Juan Arena to look for our paper’s photographer, August dela Cruz. He was so shocked to see me on the venue that the first thing he said was, “Anong ginagawa mo dito? Diba UAAP ka lang? Diba UST lang ang kilala mong team?”
I have been absent for a while now and I now want to try and get back into the swing of things again. The "mojo" is starting to come back and I have the wanting to create again. I welcome each and everyone of you to stop by often as I'm going to try and do some more postings this month.
I would be cautious in blaming Obama personally for this alleged decision not to remove nukes from Iran without gaining additional information first.
The toffee has a huge affinity for water, so if you leave it out and exposed it will start to absorb atmospheric water and will effectively melt into a messy stain of sticky toffee, so deal with it within a half an hour of making by getting it into some airtight container for storage.
Your career has really started barreling along lately, with productions at La Jolla Playhouse, Playwrights Horizons, Yale Rep, and the Huntington. What some people don’t understand (I certainly didn’t until I saw you going through it) is how much travel can be required for these shows—you’ve got auditions, workshops, rehearsals, openings, talkbacks. In the midst of all of this, you have two small children. How did you manage the back and forth (and the rewrites!) with being a mom?
Why did I pray? Strange question. Why did I live? Why did I breathe?
I’ve just started watching Guilty Crown a few days ago. Totally sucked into the show, but sadly I have no time to marathon the series. Just started working too… which makes it harder to catch up on Anime.
Wurzelbacher is running in a heavily Democratic district against longtime Rep. Marcy Kaptur (D-Ohio), who beat Rep. Dennis Kucinich after the two were forced to run against each other because of GOP-led redistricting.
* Half-Minute Horrors edited by Susan Rich
Courts in Community Patent Convention (CPC) jurisdictions will probably look to each other for precedent. While knowledge of the patent appears to be required in the US, it does not seem to be required in CPC countries. The requisite degree of knowledge required in the US appears to be the specific intent of the indirect infringer, whilst in Germany and the UK it is the supplier's knowledge of the intention of the buyer that matters. In the CPC countries, it suffices that the knowledge exists at the time of offer. Presumption of intent if means provided are particularly suited for use according to patent or supplier has highlighted such use in marketing or other informational materials in the CPC countries.
11 pm Cross Canadian Ragweed @ Cannery Ballroom
His hand hovered above her, feeding her blood, and it no longer felt repulsive or frightening. It tasted good. Thick, heavy fog rolled into her mind, weighing her head down. She closed her eyes and then struggled to open them again.
Her furrowed brow told me I was losing her fast. “Um . . . we could find women
“Don't worry.. I'm not gonna jump! Though you'd all fucking enjoy that!” And then she was back in view; crouching slowly with an unsteady hand on the ledge. Then sitting, with her pale legs dangling down, mum leaned back into the room and looked at us upside down. “Well fucking help me then!” she demanded, looking like she was holding back vomit. We all rushed forward and grabbed a hold off her. With our combined weight we pulled and dragged down. After a moment she fell in, banged her head and her right tit fell out. She lay on the floor looking concussed and spastic. Slowly turning her head, and focusing in completely the wrong direction, mum slurred, “Caroline, I want you out of here you fuckin' little bitch!” Then she stood up, staggered to the door and was gone.
Vanity anthologies are a popular way for unscrupulous companies to make money on writers' hunger for publication. By far the most common vanity anthology scheme is the free contest scheme, in which writers are enticed to enter poems or stories in a competition, and then pressured--though usually not required--to buy the anthologies in which their work appears. I blogged about one of these a while back: Eber & Wein, a company that is allegedly run by a former employee of the granddaddy of all vanity anthology schemes, Poetry.com.
How you sprang—how you threw off the costumes of peace with
The Emirates is rocking.
Accessories: ruffled ribbon, narror ribbons, designer brad, pearls
The amazing thing is that you are treated like Jack Nicholson’s character – the crazy one for not going along with the insanity. The ultimate Catch-22, if you don’t go with the flow then you are the dissident, or crazy one, but if you go with the flow you become a participant in the insanity. Some corporations are caught in this cycle of dysfunctional behavior at the highest level but they call it “company culture”. What is even more insane is that some corporations wear the company culture badge with honor, as in “this is part of our long and illustrious history”. It is akin to bragging about being an alcoholic for the last 20 years. What, you don’t think an alcoholic is proud of their drinking prowess and ability to down a handle of vodka in one sitting? Why should a company be able to get away with bad behaviour any more than an individual just because it is part of “their culture”?
This increase in cotton acres is something most states expect this spring according to the USDA, estimating that only Kansas, Louisiana and Arkansas will see drops.
"Look at a stone cutter hammering away at his rock, perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred-and-first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not the last blow that did it, but all that had gone before." ~Jacob A. Riis
Debby Ryan ... Abbey Louise Jensen
Perhaps I have too high expectations, but then I know you set high expectations for yourself and all those who work with you. The film felt like you were on cruise control, only operating at 70% of your abilities. If the original film didn’t exist we would be saying it is a good film, not amazing, but that it was a fairly decent story but unlikely to be remembered years down the line. However, the original does exist and so we can make a direct comparison.
When Ferguson fails to land the Belgian, because Hazard is more interested in the “project” at Manchester City, he will divert his attentions and funds in the direction of Fernando Llorente, Luka Modric, Nicolás Gaitán or Shinji Kagawa. To balance the books, the Scot will drive former goal grabbers Federico Macheda, Dimitar Berbatov and Michael Owen to somewhere deep into the countryside, tell them to get out of the car and drive off lickety-split without an ounce of guilt.
Happy February!
When she gets excited she moves her arms and legs all around.
They wouldn’t dare call you diaper or any other derogatory nickname because they’d recognize your superior cognitive abilities and wouldn’t want to get on the wrong side of you in case you pulled some weird shit on them.
James Marcin, MD, MPH — Professor – Pediatric Critical Care Medicine, Director, Pediatric Telemedicine
And that red lipstick stain? Yep, it’s mine…
Finally, it’s a movie that I would suggest friends or couples to watch, but if you have a family with children then this movie will serve it’s purpose.
I have a lot of personal goals for this year, but the seven goals I have (so far!) pertaining to travel and my blog are:
She spent a night at Apollo’s temple at which time the temple snakes licked her ears clean so that she was able to hear the future. However, when she did not return his love, Apollo placed a curse on her so that no one would ever believe her predictions. She is a figure both of the epic tradition and of tragedy, where her combination of deep understanding and powerlessness exemplify the ironic condition of humankind.
Time to rethink that gym
5. Diane Landry, Solway Jones (Old Location): Not many saw this show, but I can think of no other moment this year in art that was as charming, kinectic umbrellas opening and closing casting a patchwork of shadow and color. The tiny machines played a sad melody as accompaniment.
Inspired by the rugged land of Sologne, this modern saddlebag is ideal for adventurous days. With a roomy interior, open back pocket, and an extra pocket tucked beneath the buckled flap. Carried on the shoulder or across the body.
The winner of the garden basket is--Alea Milham! Congratulations, and thanks to all who entered the contest and took the time to leave a message. I'll be hosting another giveaway soon. Alea, please send your address and I'll ship you a basket and a book.
This volume covers the first 6 issues of the 2009 edition, covering the 2-issue Silver Scream arc, and 4-issue Fugitive arc. These are adventures of the 10th doctor, although the issues are much in the style of the classic series -- every issue ends on a cliffhanger, for instance. There are many references to events and characters from the entire scope of the Doctor's history, although there are no major characters that appear.
I have always avoided writing science fiction simply because it inherently requires a lot of research. This is also why I don’t write crime or historical fiction. I’m not lazy, I promise – just somewhat intimidated by the thought of having to sift through and keep track of so many facts and events. And to fully capture the mood and feel of a time period long past? I couldn’t do it justice.
Your selfish center minded up on yourself and your “holy dirty” family
The government says that this is alright because the figure represents 54% of our GDP, still below the 55% which is allowed by our laws.
And so we began at the scene of battle. A number of kobold corpses lay scattered about the ruined well house. One of the kobolds was still gasping for air, and makes the mistake of trying to mock the heroes for their fruitless search for Ronnick, the villain of the story. The kobold spits out a mouthful of blood and broken teeth before giggling maniacally and shouting “Ha, you took the bait! Now Ronnick can make it to his real hide out at Dragontooth Hill.” After a pause, the kobold realizes he gave away important information, but it is too late. He is tied up, interrogated, and finally, a magic missile by Faverel puts an end to his torment. As the kobold perishes with a smoking hole in his forehead, he shrugs and has one last gem of wisdom to offer. “Oh well, I had it coming.”
Calliope fell hard for Wyatt the first time he walked through the door of her family’s home, and can’t believe her sister let him get away. He’s still the star of all her fantasies, and she’s determined to prove to him she’s nothing like his manipulative ex. Wyatt may be all business, but Calliope sees the way he looks at her when he’s supposed to be working…
my “baby” brother Dave. Happy birthday bro! Ain’t nuthin’ “little” about you!!
Daughter, however, has been testing us every step of the way! Poor thing I'm sure it's just really a HELLO pay attention to me more than anything else!
One day tiger gave his wedding party to his friends.
the brads are made using the happy camper paper and the ITOP that I used when I was with Erica at the cricut circle road trip. She told me that I had to use them on a project. :) I love the racoon hes holding the brad that has a coffee cup.. :)
True Colors: The Project
Break each ear of corn in half and slice kernels off cob with knife into large mixing bowl. Add remaining ingredients, EXCEPT avocado, lime and cilantro. Cover and refrigerate for an hour.
Egypt: Some 1,500 Muslims—several armed with swords and knives and shouting Islamic slogans—terrorized the Notre Dame Language School in Upper Egypt, in response to false claims from local mosques that the private school was building a church: “Two nuns were besieged in the school’s guesthouse for some eight hours by a murderous mob threatening to burn them alive;” one nun suffered a “major nervous breakdown requiring hospitalization… The entire property was ransacked and looted. The next day the Muslims returned and terrorized the children. Consequently, school attendance has dropped by at least one third.”
"A writer is a writer not because she writes well and easily, because she has amazing talent, because everything she does is golden. In my view, a writer is a writer because even when there is no hope, even when nothing you do shows any sign of promise, you keep writing anyway."
Love will win the wily Jap;
2 tbl of milk
When you do what’s right– you’re never-ending-ly rewarded by the Universe.
Thankfully the cold spell has relented and Friday will see the brewery fired up for the first time in 2012. My only reservations are that I'm out for a few beers on the Thursday evening, so I might well have a sore head when the time comes to switch on the HLT, which will be pretty early as I like to get finished while there's still daylight. The second reservation is the pump.
And now comes another unexpected but related technology annoyance.
Minnesota Twins - Stealing Home
But that I might as well with pen their joys depaint,
Reading: the newspaper
5 miles, and only 53:00 minutes, later there I am coming into the finish... The picture is far back and I'd just come up a very large hill, but I was running! And I beat everyone in that little pack, so it felt good. Sitting down felt good afterward too... not so much on the standing up.Whole Foods catered the race and had all sorts of goodies for us. Jared and I got back in our wonderful rented ZipCar (we decided the $30 it took to rent it was worth the 15 minute drive instead of the 75 minutes on a bus) and headed home, where we went out for Sunday brunch and then I took a long hot bath.
Another plus would be to the ability to get it all into a mobile format. Then, if I ever end up with a phone that accesses the Internet, I can peruse the collection in the store. Of course, I’ll need a personal website too.
~Eric Hoffer
Emotional Action Step. Pick Your Battles and Assert Your Needs
And speaking of top-stitching, I ran out of top-stitch thread and couldn't find a match, so the front of my jeans are top-stitched a different color than the back of my jeans, but hey... maybe that could be intentional, right? They are custom jeans.
Rating:4/5
TV Shows that I like watching: House Hunter International, Saturday Night Live, Queen of NY
Prayer of Confession
I am thrilled it has got off to a good start with 36 players
I had a few auditions scheduled after I returned, one with Ballet San Jose. After the audition a trio of participants stayed to speak with the director. I felt good about my performance in the audition, and felt fortunate to speak to the Director afterward, but I'd had that feeling before. That feeling, the fluttery, suppressed nervousness, had been rewarded in the past with nothing. I waited, trying to convince myself I was waiting for nothing, or if not nothing, then at least more rejection. I was formulating plan-B's right and left. I was going to "get on with my life." The boyfriend kept talking me down.
I let our agency know this expecting that it might take weeks for it all to clear up when the Lord humbled me. They replied BEFORE 5 pm (closing time before the weekend) saying that they had already contacted the State about getting additional copies of our clearances, and that they should be in within the week. Wow. Thank you Jesus!
One of the great differences between conservatives and liberals is that conservatives will freely admit that they have an ideology. We’re kind of dorks that way, squabbling over old texts like Dungeons and Dragons geeks, wearing ties with pictures of Adam Smith and Edmund Burke on them.
Rape is about power. But theres a sex dimension where men are brought up to be believe sex does not require a woman’s consent or reciprocity
1 tsp. distilled white vinegar
Twelve Twenty, Pen-ek Ratanaruang, Thailand. Drama, 30 min.
It may have something to do with being transplanted to New England. You don’t talk to your neighbors around here let alone complete strangers. Seriously, those stone walls that line our property lines are there for a reason.
Cosmos is an answer to the question of what the world as a whole is that has proved enormously durable.
Anyhow, I love that I've been able to find my shoes this week!
Ranger Liquid pearls - Ocean Blue, Cantaloupe
I was reading a thriller the other day, one of those convoluted stories with a dozen endings as if the author couldn’t figure out which ending he wanted to use. There were three crimes, all dealing with the same group of people yet none of the crimes were related. One of the crimes was a kidnapping, and though I know who did the kidnapping, the story was so complicated I still don’t know who instigated it. Despite all the flaws of the book, the one thing that took me out of the story was a typo. The author tried to set the scene using smells — the aroma of an expensive cigar, the smell of leather chairs, the scent of Channel Number 5 lingering in the air.
The windows, garage, the way it’s very low. I almost get nostalgic seeing this. One weird thing is that American people all speak Japanese though. This always kind of annoys me. The only anime I’ve seen who really got this right was Higashi no Eden and I give a lot of credit to them for it.
The ceremony itself was a fascinating affair. Elliot walked in, pulling a blindfolded Flora behind him. And the two of them took to a large stage with their parents and a couple of guys with microphones. These MCs conducted the ceremony in Chinese and English so everyone knew what was going on. And it was all sealed and done with some tearing and throwing of lettuce and the releasing of balloons.
Cut each baguette into 6 pieces. Working with one baguette piece at a time, slice in half and spread both sides with the pesto. Working with the bottom slice of the baguette, stack 2 slices of eggplant, 2 slices zucchini, 1 slice onion, 1 slice tomato, 1 slicemozzarella, and 1 slice of roasted pepper. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place top half of baguette on top and continue with remaining baguette. (The sandwiches can be made 4 hours ahead. Wrap well with plastic wrap and refrigerate.)
Be sure to check out the video below of their interview where they answer questions about their style inspiration, guilty pleasures, and their decade long friendship.
In addition to the main event of course, I’m in charge and am going to be running the Friday night event which is part of the overall tournament package or available separately. For me, the question is for this year what to run as something different and fun from the main event?
Well, what can I say really? I’m a male trapped in a female’s body and it’s slowly destroying me. I made this blog to share and vent my feelings in my usual rambling kind of way because away from my desk, I’m trapped in a stereotype of liking pink and trowelling make-up on my face. A dark, frightening world indeed.
Thank goodness ”We are not the sum of our possessions” (George H.W. Bush) or I’d be a pretty empty equation. Because the sum of my possessions is quite limited these days–thanks to the crimes and Ponzi scheme perpetrated by my former spouse.
Anyway, that's all for now - if all goes well I should be updating this fairly regularly with what's going on in my life. Hope you enjoy!
The ingredients I selected from my ready steady cook style package were:
Randomized Controlled Trial
The “Manoj and Babli case”, as it came to be known, received much attention, not least because the sessions court’s order seemed to send a strong signal to those who felt they could get away with such murders in the name of honour. The case successfully mobilised public opinion against honour killings. Women’s organisations hailed the verdict, which they hoped would act as an effective deterrent. Led by the All India Democratic Women’s Association (AIDWA), the women’s groups also demanded a comprehensive law dealing with honour-related crimes, and the Centre, too, began contemplating seriously the merits of such a law. For Manoj’s widowed mother, younger brother and sister, the verdict was a positive step in securing justice.
Image of: Syria-U.N. agree on terms of monitoring mission
This poem was posted by Heather King on her "Shirt of Flame" blog. This bittersweet poem speaks of the circle of life and of a mother's and child's precious relationship:
at least 3 times. I had a few different designs in mind, but decided
died two weeks later.
As I looked up at the blue sky
Take a small package of Reese's peanut butter cups (8 Reese's per package) and chop them up into small pieces.
Sunday morning, the hubs and I laid around lazy for most of the morning but around lunchtime, I got bit by the cleaning bug and organized the nursery (for the 300th time). Once I got done cleaning, it was dinner time so I whipped up some delicious pork chops just in time to watch the Patriots beat the Ravens by the hair on their chinny chin chin! It was such a good game and I'm glad to see my dad's team going to the superbowl, yet again.
Oncology consultant at the Haukeland University Hospital Oystein Fluge told BBC News that two of the patients had no recurrence of the symptoms and it completely changed their life around, while in others there was a varied response.
Civilisation indeed.
**Itchy tags on shirts! I turn my shirt inside out to sleep! Doesn't EVERYONE?
The anonymous official was not merely describing the thought processes behind one immoral, ineffective, and destructive stunt. The same people, thinking the same way, have been making decisions about life and death—mostly death—all over the world.
I also used my Dies for the 'To Die For' Bloggers Challenge this week. You can use any die or SVG cut on your card- it is a JFF challenge. Bloggers Challenge Mom Lisa's blog is HERE.
Angry pastries
I used to enjoy shopping a lot more than I do today. I don't know if it is because I seldom find anything to get excited about, there is little I need, things seem too expensive, and or shopping like so many other activities just ain't as much fun as it used to be. It seems there is an avalanche of junk all made in China sitting around the stores, awaiting the reach of the shopper. Really, things used to be much more interesting, at least that's how I remember it. Like this photo of an ornate wire type bottle with a little grill plate on which one can write a note, and into which one can put corks from the wine bottles. Really. But to carry this absurdity farther, this cork holder is $29, which you can see in the description in the upper left corner. Seriously, who would spend $30 on that? Obviously someone because it is a featured item at a little local gift boutique where I browse from time to time.
Fireflies light up the yard and hover in the air
Our Constitution was not designed as a plaything for pandering demagogues to act out their altruistic Robin Hood fantasies. Government functionaries at all levels were meant to be servants of the people, with their activities closely monitored and regulated by the people – not the other way around. It only established a federation of thirteen individual sovereign states, as a combination free trade agreement (think European Union) and mutual defense pact (think NATO). Unrestrained commerce, sound money, and international relations were what was foremost on our Founders’ minds as they debated how best to govern themselves as a nation – not regulating the activities of individual citizens, whom they regarded as the true sovereigns in their classical liberal view of Natural Law. By design, the power of the Federal government to interfere in the affairs of its constituent states was extremely limited. Its ability to interfere in the routine daily lives of their citizens was virtually nonexistent.
on this crisp white paper.
“Fuggies?”
Hmmm....I wonder if that moment in my life has anything to do with my insecurities??? Actually, I have been feeling like I am doing an ok job lately. D is doing well at school although we have issues to work out with her getting her ass to classes on time. She has said that she doesn't like her English teacher but it just going to have to learn how to deal with it as this is the second time she is taking the class (due to her staying home last year). Oh well, it will be a good lesson for her on how to deal with situations she doesn't control.
I wish my friend Jon a Happy Almost Birthday.
Consider your make-up when purchasing a red cocktail dress. Uncover a shade of lipstick and blush that enhances your gown rather than matching it just. Stop buyer's remorse by attempting around the cocktail dress using your heels and accessories while in the shop. Shell out near focus for your hair, eye shade and system kind; invest in a dress that not just flatters your figure but matches your skin tone superbly.
Melt the butter and leave to cool.
The year 2011 marked the emergence of LP-only releases, as well as download-only releases (Im not in favor of the download-only model, but I have to acknowledge it). Those marked with an * are LPs and those marked with an ** are downloads.
I'll let you know how that goes...
When her parents are murdered before her eyes, sixteen-year-old Helen Cartwright finds herself launched into an underground London where a mysterious organization called the Dictata controls the balance of good and evil. Helen learns that she is one of three remaining angelic descendants charged with protecting the world's past, present, and future. Unbeknownst to her, she has been trained her whole life to accept this responsibility. Now, as she finds herself torn between the angelic brothers protecting her and the devastatingly handsome childhood friend who wants to destroy her, she must prepare to be brave, to be hunted, and above all to be strong, because temptation will be hard to resist, even for an angel.
Scientist - Scientist Rids the World of the Evil Curse of the Vampires
Me: You might say Paulie is the Ray Charles of flatbread making.
SNAP THE FUCK OUT OF IT PEOPLE.
In other words, the detested concept and actuality of privileged hierarchy will not disappear. It will just assume a new multi-cultural, minority identity.
When social surveys speak of “deprivation” and “poverty”, this is entirely relative. Meanwhile, sanctions for wrongdoing have largely vanished.
Ignore the people on the sides of the photo above and focus on the hunk of rock in the middle. Now you may ask yourself, “How did the Incas move that beautiful piece of stonework up the mountain?” and the answer would be, “They didn’t.”
We take pride is supporting 5,000 international missionaries, but that is only .03 percent of Southern Baptists. It is not even one out of every three thousand church members, yet it strains our resources to support that number. If we were really serious about reaching the world and recognized God had blessed us as a denomination to fulfill His mission, would it not be unreasonable that 1 percent our church members would be called to go as missionaries? That would be not 5,000 but 160,000! What potential would that have for eradicating lostness and taking the gospel to all peoples!
One of the regions where many various species of plant fossils have been obtained is the Cache Creek formation in Canada. This formation still bears traces of the surrounding mountains and the woods that existed in the region 50 million years ago. The rivers and winds carried leaves, flowers and some small living organisms to the lake and, sinking to the bottom there, they started to fossilize.
Let us celebrate the biological ties of motherhood, but let us also celebrate the power of love and nurturing from all the women in our lives, even those women with whom we share no blood ties: grandmothers and aunties; "play" mothers and godmothers; church mothers and neighborhood mothers. Celebrate all the women who were not allowed to be mothers to their children. Celebrate all the women who cannot or will not ever be mothers. Celebrate the women who made the courageous decision to give their children to families who could care for them. Celebrate the women who, when left and abandoned, made a way out of no way for their children. Celebrate all the complications of motherhood...even loss. And while you celebrate, say a prayer for those who so deeply feel the pain of being a motherless child, including those of us who are motherless mothers.
The edges closest to the front will catch the light more, so we add a little bit of Opaque white or a white colored pencil along the front edge. In real life, our shape would not have black lines defining the edges, so this strong highlight along the edges becomes very important.
I was hoping to get a chance to homebrew this week, but alas, it wasn't in the cards. I did however get a lager yeast started on a stirplate, and next week I'll brew the first of a series of lagers that I am very excited about.
Have you been writing for a long time? What do you like about writing?
For a spotlight on science, three new books from Prometheus Books will provide some interesting reading. They are The Genesis of Science: The Story of Greek Imagination by Stephen Bertman ($27.00) who notes that, while historians often look to ancient Greece as the wellspring of Western civilization, perhaps the most significant achievement, other than democracy, was the early development of the sciences. The names of many of science’s branches have their roots in Greek words that first defined these disciplines. This is an excellent history. Science in America was of widespread interest to many of the Founding Fathers and, along with Franklin, one of the greatest, most inquiring minds was that of Thomas Jefferson. In A Professor, a President and a Meteor: The Birth of American Science, Cathryn J. Prince tells the story of a meteor crash in 1807 sparked the interest of a young chemistry professor at Yale College. His rigorous investigation of the event started a chain of events that lifted American science to international importance, unfortunately pitting him against then President Jefferson who took issue with it. It’s a lively story worth reading. Lastly, there’s The Wonder of Genetics: The Creepy, the Curious, and the Commonplace by Richard V. Knowles ($25.00) that provides a layman’s introduction and explanation of genetics, discussing its importance and scope. The author is an acclaimed geneticist who devotes chapter after chapter of a genuinely fascinating topic, discussing topics as diverse as genetically modified crops, cloning, genetic therapy, and how genes are related to many diseases, psychological disturbances, and possibly other behaviors. In short, you are your DNA! Finally, Quantum Physics for Poets by Leon M. Lederman, a Nobel Laureate, and Christopher T. Hill ($28.00) have taken on the job of explaining the heart of contemporary physics, the basis for understanding matter in its tiniest dimensions and the vastness of the universe, and they have succeeded. They have transformed what is an enigma for most people into a highly entertaining, lucid and informative book. If you have always been curious about it, this is the book to read!
Well, in this case, no. Some people know the meaning of Nice Boat as a meme.
- A chair for my desk
When you hold me I just lose control
Through his many shenanigans, Mancini has always been there to defend him – like a good manager is supposed to do. But following the defeat at Arsenal, it seemed Balotelli’s biggest fan had finally given up on him. Mancini stated: “City cannot afford to play Balotelli anymore. He will sit out for the rest of the season.” With that, it looks increasingly likely that the game against Arsenal was his final appearance in a sky blue shirt.
The creamy filling is basically peanut butter, cream cheese and whipping cream with a bit of cinnamon and vanilla. Uh, yah, TOTALLY delish!!!
Yeah so Inkwell needs to pack packages (Nexon: Messing with Inkwell since his release) and needs your help. Get him 20 9th Anniversary Wrapping Papers & Ribbons from monsters around your level or (rare) from town decorations.
Meanwhile, a patron saint for annoying room mates? Yes! Of Course! St. Therese the Little Flower. Living in a cloister with a bunch of other girls is no picnic. St. Therese kept a tidy journal of every irritant so that she could be sure and not miss any opportunity to offer up her sufferings to the Poor Souls in Purgatory.
Dennis has shot some amazing photos over the years and this Alien Workshop collaboration deck is one of two that proves it. This super light 7-ply will give you great pop. Coming with the Alien stamp of approval says a lot since their boards are always high quality, not to mention NOT made in China. The concave keeps your stance tight and precise. You’ll get a good flow going with this one.
Features include: -Full text with historical notes -Images of original document -Images and bios of Signers
“If you bring them in in the summer, and you work them and you let your strength staff work with them, and you kind of decide which ones you like the best, and you tell five of them, ‘Hey we know we signed you, and we expected you to be able to come in, we don’t have space for you, we’re really sorry about that but we don’t have space for you – you’re gonna have to leave and come back in January.’
what more apt than to think
Look for the beautiful.
“…but Max stepped into his private boat and waved good-bye and sailed back over a year and in and out of weeks and through a day and into the night of his very own room where he found his supper waiting for him…”
Sport brings about a whole new meaning behind the value of food! I would argue that as an athlete, the preparation and consumption of food can take up to half of our entire day. I have come to appreciate the value that proper nutrition can have on body composition, performance and confidence. Two years ago, I weighed in at a rather staggering amount. I was boggled by the continual growth (bad kind of growth) on the scale week after week as I felt that my diet had an awful lot of spinach and not enough ice-cream. In September 2010, I was about 20 pounds heavier than what I targeted my ideal racing weight to be. Imagine skating, sliding, jumping, running, simply living with a 20lb sac of potatoes on your back – kinda’ an inconvenience. So with this thought in mind (and motivated by the fact that my cyclist brother (4” taller than me) weighed the same) I was determined to figure out how to mash this sac of potatoes and become a healthy, lean machine.
"I think Wall Street hasn't taken in how much anger there is out there and they haven't taken partial responsibility for the financial crisis," says Brookings Institution fellow Douglas Elliott, who was an investment banker for two decades before joining the liberal-oriented public policy group. "I think both sides - Wall Street and Main Street - misunderstand each other."
Don't get me wrong ... I appreciate the beauty that is the end-product of all the rain. But, sometimes, enough is enough.
Urban Taco
“What do you mean!” they cry,
salted butter
When people without a knowledge of Korean music find out that that's what I usually listen to, they will always ask me why - what makes it so special? My response is usually something lame about how it's not all that different from music available in other parts of the world before I briefly explain why that's all I listen to anyway. With 잠비나이 I can finally give an example of something that is uniquely Korean and so far everybody I've played their music to have given a positive response.
Virgin Media SuperHub
I chose the idea that it’s all about the baby steps to get there. Sometimes, you just have to do just one thing, even if it doesn’t seem like something big. Even the littlest thing or ten minutes at a time can bring you closer to your goals. That’s why I changed my goal of “Finish Something” to “Work on the mermaids painting for twenty minutes a week last week.” I guess I only hit ten minutes the last two weeks, but it was better than the nothing at all I was doing before.
-1 tsp cumin
Rodney Crowell: Queen Of Hearts
Mention them even their smallest good things or Progress
While I have not (as of this writing) been supplied with a list of banned attire, it does include “do-rags”, hoods, and the infamous underwear revealing “saggy pants.” Rumor also has it that tube tops and t-shirts with inflammatory language will also be banned.
We'll eat lots of cake
For a hundred years, that was how it stood, with only one case adding the caveat that children born to legal permanent residents of the U.S., gainfully employed, and who were not employed by a foreign government would also be deemed citizens under the 14th Amendment (United States v. Wong Kim Ark, 1898).
This, though, is a nice bit of perspective: "Whole Foods has always been a synthesis of healthy foods and foods for pleasure. ... Over our history, it seems, in 10-year cycles, one of those waxes and the other wanes. When we began, we were healthy foods. Around 1991, we began to evolve to food as pleasure. Now, food as health is beginning to wax again. It's not that we'll stop selling pleasurable foods. But we'll put greater emphasis on food as a health product."
I’m not talking vanity things, such as Blizzard has employed. I’m talking about character slots and end game weapons. Vanity I can accept, but if I want more than 3 character slots and a chance at end game content?
For now, I think that I’m going to try them. I am going to make a run out to Tempe, to a shop that specializes in derby gear. It’s run by a couple of guys that skate in a men’s league. They know their stuff, and according to Ruthie, are great at working with all levels of skater. I’m hoping to get some pointers and one more reason to do this.
Strawberries w/chocolate dip
How do you feel about Mary? About Peter? What should Mary do? Do your answers depend on who Mary is, and what is her relationship to Peter? Let's think about some of the possibilities...
Bruschetta with mushrooms, sundried tomatoes and basil,
I very much look forward to more of that with Millnet in 2012.
Sure he did. Whatever.
Dormant Bank & Building Society Acts has sector here in our commercial Bank, So you have no problem. Try and send send this immediately let us proceed . You feel free to call me is urgent .
Recommended / Recomendado
As the winter dying is the unavoidable road to spring, our current mystery and pain will eventually join with now unseen paths. Meaning, understanding, clarity -- they await our current trust, but maybe not until the other side of eternity. It might not be safe. And it will definitely not be boring.
Matthew's class had a field trip out to LaFayette to the Children's Museum of Acadiana. It was just a regular children's museum - nothing specific to Acadia. And it was an expensive field trip. I wonder how families with tighter budgets than ours make this work.
Enough said- lovely cover, though. It was ever thus.
Boulder Killer Penguin Barleywine 10%
At the point I started this card I hadn't ordered my distress inks, these would have probably made the distressing part easier, but I got the desired effect using chalks and a little brown ink and I also distressed the edges of the digi image and the music paper by scraping a craft knife down the edges and curling the corners.
* or on high for 4 to 5 hours
Also, the 2.0 version fell down a few times and looked a little clumsy. The real Kevin Bacon would never have fallen down, he was just too smooth.
11. Our Father, Who Art Of Feces
They now
What hills of peace or pain he won?
7. If making a pickup, always drop the player with the least value, even if it screws up your lineup
While it’s easy to see why God designed an “other-centered” union for a “me-centered” world, living that way is a challenge.
I wanted to make a card for my cousin a fabulous seamstress. I saw a perfect Tim Holtz set of stamps and also a lovely Papertray Ink stamp and die set and I purchased them both. I also knew I already had a dinky little button Cuttlebug embossing folder - its one that is just a thin strip rather than A2 and I set about making a card with no coloured focal image. I so struggled with the design of where to place my elements but I think I got there in the end and I'm pleased with the result which is very different to my usual makes.
When some people have memories they want to save, they sometimes grab the nearest container and stick it in there. Most of the time, that's perfectly fine, too. Other people don't use containers at all-- they just stick the memories all willy-nilly on the shelves themselves, and their brains resemble a hoarder's house. AVOID THIS AT ALL COSTS. Seriously, people. Using a plastic grocery bag is a million times better than just shoving the memories on the shelf.
That close proximity and the way it was found so early in astronomers' search for habitable planets hints to scientists that planets like Earth are probably not that rare.
I was rather glad afterwards. I'd had the chance to get myself angry at a missed chance and be difficult, I was glad I didn't though and through accepting the situation as it was and not being difficult I managed to get hold of something that was even more than I'd hoped for in the beginning. For me, once again, an important lesson in both patience and humility. The world doesn't revolve around me or my wishes, by taking things as they come and accepting the situation as it is, I open myself for completely new things I'd neither expected nor hoped for.
Kyoko is Japanese, and she and JP (fellow American) came with their roommate who’s German—from Freiburg of all places, Aim!
And where is the document?
You can also call the hotel the newlyweds are staying at on their honeymoon and surprise them with room service, dinner at the hotel, spa treatments or champagne. I always find that when you tell a hotel that the couple is on their honeymoon they go above and beyond to make their stay memorable.
‘Medium Fish’ campaigns I refer to as the ‘default’, since it is where most D&D campaigns spend most of their time (anywhere from levels 5-15, arguably, and even broader if the GM gets clever). Since most RPGs take their cue from D&D on some level, this is where everybody lands. The advantages of the medium fish campaign are obvious: the PCs have enough power so that they feel awesome, but not so much power that the GM feels like he or she might lose control of the party (which, in itself, is a concern better addressed other ways, but I digress). Medium Fish are a good way to keep a campaign on the rails, so to speak, and to give PCs both a keen sense of mortality coupled with some fun opportunities for derring-do and frontal-assault type heroics.
5. Road trip. I’ve been thinking about this one for quite some time. I don’t know how feasible this is, especially since I’ll be working full time, but I’d like to make some road trips east over a couple weekends or so. I’ve always been interested in experiencing the other parts of America (especially non-coastal states), because I feel there is a vast disconnect between coastal and non-coastal states. I would ideally get a lot of driving done on awesome roads, see lots of interesting sights, and learn new things. Not sure if I want to go it alone or bring along some friends. Friends are always fun, but I think solo trips bring in a completely different experience, which could be good for me as well. I guess we’ll see!
11. Swans - You Fucking People Make Me Sick
it can be jarring,
That person’s voice again.
PS- note one of my fave models Gemma Ward is in his Daughters music video!
Week Four: WedgeTailed Eagle. We have some living near us, both in the wild, and in wildlife reserves (these ones have been shot, and are now living freely on a reserve where they can be kept away from danger.) My boys are all over endangered animals and will greatly enjoy learning more about the amazing Wedge Tailed.
Another gradient today! I loved the gradient trend ever since I saw it the first time some long time ago, but since Sammy did that awesome and easy tutorial I could wear gradients every day!
There’s a healthy balance between a questioning mind and a mind that will only be satisfied by the empirical approach. Opening the world of “Theology Proper” one may think that the more one reads the less questions one will have…not so in my case.However a correct understanding is imperative
Let’s face it, the end result is a community of people passionate about the same thing. I see no reason why there should be any frustration or issue with how anything builds on that passion in a positive way. I’ve said my peace, and speculated on the whole scenario as well. With any luck, no offense was taken by any of it and Keelhaul will respond in kind should he see fit.
I realize I am just about to the point where I can't walk on uneven ground without major help - it is time to learn about Horses.
