Place the tins into a 350 degree oven for 12-14 minutes. Let them cool completely before removing them from the muffin tins. I find that freezing brownies makes them extra chewy, so I usually freeze mine - outside in the winter - then pop them from the tins. These will keep for up to a week in a sealed container on your shelf. If they last that long, that is...
You are changing. Understand this. You are changing what it means, or what your understanding has been, of what it is to be human. You are coming full circle to the place where it began, and to the place where it meant to simply be spirit in form.
The whimsical artwork reminds me of pages from a beloved vintage children's book.
5 seen
I plan to start on it and post about it next week at some point. I will use Labyrinth Lord rules for the dungeon and use the process of creating it to better learn LL's rules.
KISS ME DEADLY — LOST HIGHWAY. LH being a “twenty-first century noir,” movie references are perhaps more prevalent than in other Lynch films. The exploding shack which appears, destroying itself in reverse (creating itself) amid a retracting fireball during the striking sequence where Bill Pullman transforms into Baltazar Getty, seems to evoke the exploding house at the climax of Aldrich’s 1958 ne plus ultra of noir. In fact, Lynch’s decision to film the shack exploding was one of his last-minute on-set inspirations. Filming the climactic reverse transformation later in the movie, which takes place in front of the shack, he suddenly flashed on the image of the building exploding. “So I asked the special effects guy what kind of really high-powered explosives he had. And he said that he had a lot, but that he could get more.”
2.) The Thing
Following the great success of Curtain, Dame Agatha gave permission for the release of Sleeping Murder sometime in 1976 but died in January 1976 before the book could be released. This may explain some of the inconsistencies compared to the rest of the Marple series — for example, Colonel Arthur Bantry, husband of Miss Marple’s friend Dolly, is still alive and well in Sleeping Murder despite the fact he is noted as having died in books published earlier. It may be that Christie simply did not have time to revise the manuscript before she died. Miss Marple fared better than Poirot, since after solving the mystery in Sleeping Murder she returns home to her regular life in St. Mary Mead.
*Open to US & Canada residents
For the classic look of the biscuit place the paste into a piping bag with a star nozzle and pipe the mixture out onto non stick baking paper in little swirls. Starting at the centre and working your way outwards. You will soon get the knack after a couple of biscuits. Be careful to space wide apart as they grow in the oven.
She talks about the road to success in how she started in the industry styling for the likes of Brandy, Ray-J and Paris Hilton. She eventually started to gain enough coverage for her work that she ventured out to the production of her now popular reality television show "Keeping Up With the Kardashians" that eventually opened the doors for party premieres, multiple endorsements, fashion lines, work out dvds, and many more business ventures. She accredits her Dad as a given for her business ethics that got her where she is today. " If we wanted this lifestyle, we had to work hard for it." Well I guess all of that advice paid off for Kimmy.
Anna was sympathetic and as helpful as she could be, but since the jurisdiction over my child support and custody issues lies out-of-state, there were limits to what she could do and say. Nonetheless, after the mystifying confrontation I had in court with a Legal Aid lawyer bearing a clipboard with Anna’s name on it, I had to renew contact to find out what the hell was going on. That council landlords are supposed to go to was worthless for advice of any kind, and Judge Crime obviously didn’t owe me an explanation.
“The Clarke Center will be a focal point for active collaboration on current and future research and an intersection of disciplines for the purpose of identifying and advancing creative and innovative solutions for the challenges of contemporary and future societies,” said UCSD Vice Chancellor Sandra Brown.
If the flood was a real event then the very turbulent waters would have sent all kinds of animals and sea creatures to even the top of the very highest mountain of that time.
- I do not share his views that Radical Islam is our friend and Israel is our enemy who should give up any land;
Naturally, the local police call in all their reserves for this weekend, which they spend cruising up and down looking for galahs. They haul them over by the dozens, breath-testing drivers, issuing defect notices, speeding tickets. This car held together by tape wouldn’t have lasted long.
But later, when his tricks weren’t useful any more, we locked him in a cage, and got rid of him. (page 259)
RESPECT– is not the same as discipline or rules – they do not go hand in hand — it also does not say you are your childs best friend. What it does say is–I honor you as a person.
Seafood Orzo With Shrimp, Scallops,
ROGUE - Brutal IPA
We’ve had our own success recently with High Tea, a strategy game centred on the dubious actions of the British Empire in the run-up to the Opium Wars of 1839. From over 1.5m plays in its first fortnight after release, plus comments, reviews and survey responses, we can see that we have achieved both a wide reach and our educational aims.
Ribbon from stash.
Scarred for life
In other news....When I moved the little cabinet upstairs... somebody followed me up and took advantage of the fact that I was distracted AND moved in on my lovely freshly made bed...
Thank you all for comments.
“I’m a lot more pleased coming off the golf course than if I had finished par and to come off under-par is pleasing,” said the Northern Irishman.
Both together: PARANORMAL! (both turn to camera with thumbs up)
The image was taken during an encounter with the Taliban during a daily routine patrol. What you can see from the image is an injured soldier on the ground unconscious from being struck in his helmet by an enemy sharpshooter with another soldier risking his life to help his friend.
Why handcrafted soaps? Because they don't have all the nasty chemicals that many soaps have, they lather nicely without drying your skin, and only natural ingredients are used. Each of my soaps comes with a label that lists the ingredients. I never ever use animal products or artificial colorants. All my oils are top quality and my soaps are scented with essential oils and/or a good quality fragrance oil. They also last a looooong time! Setting your bar of soap on a slotted soap dish, keeping it out of the water and letting it dry between uses will extend the soap life.
Well, of course Chelsea Quinn Yarbro’s magnificent Count Saint-Germain, as well as her female vampire character Atta Olivia Clemens, who has her own three-book series, definitely made me think about the missing scenes in most vampire tales—and made me want to fill those in.
This was to help with planning, but also to help make connections.
There were pages that just kept me laughing non-stop. It was also nice to read about a woman with whom I really identify.
A few of Heather’s photos…
fighting skills which we
Here is a fun image of a property for sale nearby from the same period.
We both were in the mood for the grilled veggie sandwich that is actually served at a couple of places in the park, so we made our way to the Backlot Express near Star Tours.
-A week after saying hello to age thirty, I self-published. This was a month after saying “bye bye!” to my literary agent. It wasn’t the original book I’d submitted to her that I published, but instead a crazy parody, because…I’m crazy. This is the thing about self-publishing. You can publish crazy parodies that a “Random House” or any other publisher would never even sniff at, because…it’s crazy. Yet still you can carve out your own little space in “reader world” and find an audience, as long as you’re tough enough to know that for all the people who love it, some people will truly despise it. I am tough enough, and so finding an audience was and is…a glorious feeling. And to sell over a thousand copies of this title alone? Entirely unexpected and a bonus, since writing humorous essays is actually my side-note to the novelist dream.
We’ve got less than a week left for the unveiling of the new look and expansion of The Write Edge! Mark your calendars, readers: February 1, 2012. And be sure to tell anyone you think might want to join you loyal readers this year on The Write Edge. I look forward to another fantastic year with all of you!
For those of you who have been missing me, below are a few things that have been going on in my life:
In the Freedom From Religion Foundation’s letter to the city, Senior Staff Attorney Rebecca Market notes that it is illegal for the city to display “patently religious symbols and messages on city property.”
Like knowing that each passing day, although there may be a lot to be upset over and that is bothersome and worrisome, anxiety provoking and tear inducing, there is also a lot of smile-worthy things to be happy about. Just smile!
FLORENCE:
The first time I met Mickey was in 1977. I was 12 and my sisters were 15 and 10. We were at Disneyland on our once-in-a-lifetime trip. My sisters and I stood next to Mickey for a photo and just as my mom snapped the shutter on the camera, Mickey bent down to pat a little child on the head. His big hard ear bonked my sister's shoulder and she was black and blue for a while after that. Nice souvenir! If I can find the photo or get my mom to locate it and scan it, I will be happy to share it. The photo is a gem!
Mitchell never bullied me again and I didn’t worry about him anymore. He was in the past. Now I had to deal with the question of did my fighting back punching him stop him from bullying me? If so, how many more fights was I going to have to have? Unfortunately a lot more was the answer. It’s not fair that fighting back seems to be the answer for boys. I never wanted to throw the punch and I didn’t want it to lead to now me having to fight.
Again, this one throws the doors wide open for you to follow your interests. Always fancied learning more about space? Are you curious about the life of Charles Darwin? Or got a lifelong love for a particular animal? There are some wonderful 'popular science' books around too, including things like The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks, David Attenborough's natural history books, and the entire works of the brilliantly funny Mary Roach.
Look closely. Do you see yourself out there?
125Ah no! instruct me other joys to prize,
4. Boys can go to the bathroom in the woods. (**or off the deck when Mom’s not looking)
Obviously, my dearest friend could see my normally cheerful facade fraying at the edges and needed to have my spirit refreshed. She used one of her precious Paperback Swap credits to surprise me with the most amazing book. Truly. I haven't read a book like this book in ages. In fact, I'm not sure I've read a book like this ever. Here's the thing, though...I hadn't ever heard of it before my friend mentioned it to me. Now I can't imagine having missed this novel...it is that good.
To demonstrate this saying, think about a recent vacation you took, once you arrived back at your final destination, back home, you realize what a great time you had and many people find themselves wishing for more of the vacation. The vacation was actually the journey, not the destination of returning home. Life is the same way; it is the journey in life that is truly important.
Stir well
75g soft butter
We’re both excited, motivated and diligently writing. Yay.
Strength: Athletes everywhere. That’s what describes the Tigers. The tigers like to play uptempo because they have the athletes to do it. It doesn’t matter who they’re playing it seems like they have a spectacular dunk or two. That feeds this team and makes it hard to guard. They’re outstanding in transition and tough to defend off the dribble. This is certainly a team no one wants to play in the tournament.
Milly and Nanette Lepore- loved by our favourite "GOSSIP GIRL's" (I don't think that there is an episode made, without garments from this designers).
6. Brothers on Wheels
Consider the case of a mobile phone manufacturer. They wanted to strengthen their position in the Indian mass market by creating an innovative new product at a low price point. On asking customers who fit the buyer profile about their unmet needs, they got suggestions along the lines of a better camera, more battery life, better speakers and so on. The company did bring out a range of mobiles with these features – which did reasonably well, but did not have a significant impact on sales.
As always, thanks and see you soon.
After Christianity became the dominant religion in the regions where the Wild Hunt myth existed, the identity of the hunter changed from a diety to a human, usually a nobleman. The nobleman was impious in life — he would hunt on Sundays, or would abandon his dying father to go hunting instead. For his sins, he was cursed to hunt forever after he died, without rest. This brings us to a version of the story that’s more similar to the lyrics of Ghost Riders. It’s also pretty similar to the Flying Dutchman legend, but that’s for another post. D.L. Ashliman has a page of Wild Huntsman legends, both legends of the Huntsman’s origin, as well as stories of people who have encountered the Huntsman or his dogs.
* 01 – Help spread the word! Tell your friends, your families
Lately I find myself irritated with others, thinking God really needs to do a work in them to correct their big flaws! Funny thing is, when I sit down to pray about it, I realize that I am the problem, not them. I need my flaws fixed! I need to sit down with God and ask forgiveness for being judgemental and expecting more from others than I expect from my self.
Or I'm ill. Tough call.
What tickles me most about the pheneomonon of 30 is people take the news of turning the big 3-0 two different ways.
Well, look what I got!
House was a malevolent, mysterious entity that was native to a smaller bubble universe that was outside that occupied by the main universe. House existed as an intelligence that resided in a time rift. Its body was that of an asteroid-sized celestial body. At the time of his encounter with the Doctor, he implied that he was at least half a million years old.
After months of craziness, we finally discovered all our glitches. Our main computer system had a time-bomb virus. (if you don't know what that is - don't ask. It's scary. I'm freaked out every time I think about it. Yuck. Ugh.) It fried the mother-board and operating system, and sent trojans to the other computers on the network.
I said, now this train, dreams will not be thwarted
If the direct delivery method is used for notification, the day of receipt and signing of the party is used as the day of notification of the defendant, if the postal delivery method is used for notification, the day of receipt as indicated on the receipt slip is used as the day of notification of the defendant.
Overcrowded prisons force higher-risk offenders out to make room for incoming low-level offenders suffering from addiction.
Hope you are all enjoying your summer(if it can be called that!)
Winning the Tri-County Conference championship was definitely in Kingsway’s sights from the beginning of the season. Currently holding a 9-0 record in the conference, they clinched their first conference championship since 2006.
The people of God are called the temple of God. Elsewhere in scripture, this refers to the individual believer, but in this context it is talking about the gathering of believers, or, the local church. We must be careful how we speak about the various ministries that God is using to build His kingdom. It is one thing to debate doctrinal issues. It is another thing to speak badly about ministers, or ministries. We need to be careful that we are building up, and not tearing down the kingdom of God.
1/3 cup jeera
Jan 2010 - present
Prof Garzon said the re-hydration effect in the students who were given beer was "slightly better" than among those given only water. Based on the studies, the researchers have recommended moderate consumption of beer -- 500 ml a day for men or 250 ml for women -- as part of an athlete's diet.
It may have appeared that God was losing; it may have appeared that His purposes were frustrated. But it was not so. That last phrase of the verse in Acts is so crucial: “But God raised Him from the dead.” In a sense, the leaders of this world laughed, thinking they had won in taking the Queen, the most powerful piece on the board. Yet as Colossians 2:15 says, Christ “having spoiled principalities and powers, He made a show of them openly, triumphing over them in it.” That is pure genius; the genius of God.
“Uh…Super Earthling…Proxy. By Mike. Proxy Earthling.” He paused and smiled, and I returned his smile, waiting for him to bury himself further. “Super Proxy Mike! See, I remember!”
Anyway, I’m not going to force this to keep going since I can’t find the source of it, or the meaning behind it. Either way, those blogs I listed are pretty awesome, enjoy.
First of, I liked Nell’s expression when she said she’ll protect Ichigo’s back. That’s a cute expression. Ichigo’s expression when he heard Nell’s proclamation was also priceless to see.
The more people you tell of your engagement the more you are going to be asked about a registry. Now some couples will say they don't like asking for gifts, but you are not asking for gifts. You are going to get gifts whether you like it or not, and by creating a registry your guests will get you what you want. Without a registry as a guide you risk the chance of getting items you don't want, need and worst of all, can't return.
My husband came home from his errand and did the fairy thing then we went to bed. We chitchatted about different things for an hour or so. After my husband turned off the light, I smiled again and thought, man I love these people. I feel an overwhelming sense of joy. I am so very, very blessed. Being with them is one of my most favorite places to be.
If you love seafood and I mean really like seafood then Kumo is a seafood lovers dream. Dipping into the treasures of the exotic seafoods of the seas. I am talking Spicy Octopus, Ginger Roasted Crab, Sushi, Dragon Fish, Crayfish, Clams, Oysters as well as Frog Legs that looked pretty meaty! These fish dishes were steaming hot and they were aplenty. You had basted, grilled marinated whole fish, fish heads and tails. Take your pick, heads or tails! I couldn't believe it and all I could think to myself was that if my dad was still alive, he would be drooling! My dad loved his seafood, fish and especially the exotics. My family is from the shores of Bari in Italy so fish is heavily consumed. I kind of smiled when looking at the fish because it reminded me of my dad and it was bittersweet he wasn't here to enjoy it but probably was looking down at me daring me to eat it as he always did when he was alive. Daring me to eat the craziest fish and seafood, most of the time of course I passed.
Prime Casting will help kids attain work permit. So, give Andrew a call okay?
The singer’s response? Well, she was n’t amused. “Wow, how disappointing was that question,” she said in a video posted on the website. “I ‘m happy and I ‘m single, if that’s what you ‘re really asking”.
"In a straw pole of my members it is clear that:
Speak to like-minded friends... like-minded being the important word here. There is no point asking your best friend where to stay if she likes camping and you like 5 star luxury... Speak with experienced travellers who are sympatico with your ways.
Of course, we aren't really saying good-bye to any of our original Torendi Setters, Beth will continue to inspire and challenge us daily on her blog as do the other original Torendi Setters!
Harm reduction is a drug and alcohol counseling term which, I have come to learn, can mean a variety of different things depending on who you are talking to. Harm reduction could mean simply “clean needle exchange”, where i.v. drug users can go to get clean needles for safe delivery of their drugs, and drop off the dirty needles to be properly disposed of. Or it might be a methadone clinic, where they consider methadone to be a less harmful choice than heroin, although I doubt that one completely as methadone is every bit addictive as heroin but 10 times harder and longer to kick. Harm reduction is present in the programs that practice “moderation”, which would include using drugs and/or alcohol with moderation and making less harmful choices, period, but these practitioners/facilities are few and far between. “It’s a political football,” said a doctor friend of mine (one of the few that actually practice harm reduction) and I admire him for going out on a limb with his career, which despite controversy has been very successful. Harm reduction practices are evidence-based, and like 12 step programs, are not for everyone.
We don’t often think about the importance of this time as a memory boaster. Those of us whose cognitive abilities are swift and large, argue about the true significance and the power of the elements. Our members were eager to simply “remember” in a concrete, tangible way. I had explained to them that in the days of Jesus, there were no cell-phone cameras or videos. However, God again and again told His people: ”Remember.”
Squid ink coddled hapuka, squid, Coorong pipis, cauliflower and miso
The illustrations are mind blowing. To call them beautiful would do them injustice. At first they don't make sense, but once you've finished, you realise they capture the true essence of each story. Jim Bartolo is so incredibly talented!
I’ll announce the lucky winner of the £25.00 gift voucher following the event and if you fabulous girlies would please blog about this and/or post a link to this post on your side bars I’d really appreciate your help and support.
Other than us both having strawberry blonde hair, I don't really see a resemblance, do you? Ok. So maybe the skirts are a little similar, but still ... it's not like I have green-and-white striped stockings on. LOL.
mwah and hugz xoxo
It was hard not to sit and absorb the memories, but the
I know that Johnnycake is not really an antiquated word, although the term has been around long enough that it has an actual history, but these little cornbread pancakes have a special place in the hearts of our family members and we think they should be a staple in every home.
The sad part is, I’m finding that I am still doing it as an adult. I am trying to up my water intake so that means I am using the bathroom more. A few months ago, I was hit with a pretty bad UTI. Ended up going to the doctor and getting up on meds for 10 days. Since then, I have been trying to get better at using the bathroom when the urge hits. No more “pee pee dance” party here. Now, there are times at work, and play, where I have to wait a few minutes but nothing really bad and I find a bathroom right away. There are so many bad things that can happen when you don’t use the bathroom when you need to (i.e. constipation, bowel obstruction, UTI).
Final total = $3.51 + tax
Being a Follower gives you your first entry in the draw, and if you put me on your blog sidebar or engage in any other social media promotion then you can get further entries - please do a separate comment to tell me about each of these as it makes it easier for me when I do the draw.
Are we as parents that low in the eyes of management that we get a whole 15 minutes to be told something that so drastically changes our care at Bloorview. Was there really no other way than to cancel this group. These hospitals seem to like focus groups and parental input (so they say) there wasn't any thought for a focus group or some kind of parental input into changes.
note: I not am directly affiliated with this event. I do not own the copyright to the image above. This event has not been personally reviewed. This is not for the purpose of endorsement, but for the purpose of disseminating information about the art world.
Wohlstetter’s ideas put an end to the strategy of terror attacks on Soviet cities in favor of a “counter-force strategy” that targeted Soviet military installations. He also promoted the dispersal and “hardening” of SAC bases to make them less susceptible to preemptive attacks and strongly supported using high-altitude reconnaissance aircraft such as the U-2 and orbiting satellites to acquire accurate intelligence on Soviet bomber and missile strength.
2 real
Now this is obviously preposterous. Were I intellectually challenged, I'd probably dub it 'political correctness gone mad'. Of course, given political correctness is simply a mechanism through which we collectively attempt to find ways of saying things without meaning to cause offence to segments of society, it isn't. But were I thick as pig shit, I'd undoubtedly say it and believe it.
Raphael, Archangel of Healing, Gabriel, Archangel of Revelation, Michael, Archangel of Judgement, Urial, Archangel of Fire, Light and Peace.
This story is explained in a very convincing and reasonable manner in evolutionist sources. But when one goes into it in a bit more detail, a great error appears. The first aspect of this error is a subject we have already studied in earlier pages of this book: Mutations are destructive, not constructive. In other words, chance mutations that occur in living creatures do not provide them any “advantages,” and, furthermore, the idea that they could do this thousands of times, one after the other, is a dream that contradicts all scientific observations.
Did you do that every week? Did you start doing it twice a week when the Euro millions started on Tuesdays too? Bet you fucking did.
But why was I worried at the end of the Silence In The Library? Why did I even entertain the idea that the next part would be anything other than magnificent? I'm not sure. But I'm glad I was worried, if only that it meant I enjoyed The Forest of the Dead even more.
That part is true, but he wasn’t discharged he was transferred to a home where I wouldn’t get calls at 2:00 a.m. to tell me he had been beaten up again and had a head injury…again.
All-in-all, businesses should consider commencing a social media strategy, if of course they haven’t already. The strategy doesn’t necessarily need to be perfected from the onslaught either. Through time and social participation, businesses can literally generate a social prescription for the company, which speaks from experience and contains a frame of reference for comparison.
First up is an image that I have fiddled with for nearly two years, after evolving from a doodle. It is not a literal vision of daily life in my adopted home city, but somehow it encapsulates it, in my mind anyway.
Lamb is traditionally cooked for Easter in France. ‘Gigot D’agneau’ (leg of lamb) is prepared in many Christian household in France, especially for the ceremonious occasion. Among the traditional recipes of France, lamb stew is very popular. The typical French recipe is prepared by making use of spring vegetables.
But mutants, yeah. It’s important to remember that mutants are the good guys. I’m wondering if Nell ought to have a second pair of arms. It would make climbing around a lot easier for her. But I don’t want the mutagen to be radiation, and I don’t want the left-behind wonders to be all damage and decay. I want them to be designed. I want some really weird shit left behind by the Singularity. Or the alien equivalent of same, which is likely to be not equivalent at all. Dangerous things, and wonderous things. Some things obvious and other things as mysterious as the leftover cog from a device you’ve never seen. And try not to rip off “Singularity Sky” in the process.
*Spray paint 2 locks gold, and carry three stuffed bears….”Gold locks and the 3 bears”
In the 1881 census George was living in Richfield & Barkerville & Lightning, Cariboo, BC, aged 40 with Marie (ten years younger) born in Ireland, and Lillie Mabel (sic), aged 12, born in the USA. With them appear to be Elizabeth, George and Margaret Pinkerton, aged 5, 4 and 1. Two Pinkerton’s were partners with George in one of his Barkerville mines, and both were living alone in Barkerville in 1881.
Did the Editors of Newton’s Principia Have Some Endorsement From Rome?
Lately, most of my rants have been addressing politics. Why? Because that’s what has got me so heated lately. A #SighofFrustration has predominately taken residence on my twitter feed for several reason, but mostly due to the political debacle I see unraveling.
The colony on Venus was not built because the destruction of Earth was possible, but because it was inevitable…
KATE WINSLET / Mildred Pierce – “MILDRED PIERCE” (HBO)
now watching 'the chorus' for n-th time, such a beautiful movie, and jean-baptiste maunier has a face of an angel. the soundtrack is heartbreakingly genius, just have a listen - 'vois sur ton chemin' is goosebumps good. it was actually nominated to oscar in 2005 (I promptly checked who got the award, it was a song from 'motorcycle diaries'. what a joke). just please don't listen to beyonce's version ;) she butchered it beyond belief.
Add 50 pounds to any junior high girl and not being picked spreads beyond gym class. Boyfriends. Dances. The whole nine yards. Not being picked = rejection.
Here is my photo essay of my visit. You can look at the pictures and you don’t have to watch where you step.
It should also be noted that, as the ISM itself states this plainly, it is their mission to open up those road blocks, so that “the Palestinian popular resistance,” e.g. the Islamist Jihad and Al Fatah, be able to renew their attacks on Jewish targets.
I ran 15km (9,32 miles). When i arrived home it was totally dark, here is the route.
Hebrews 4:16 Let us therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace, that we may obtain mercy, and find grace to help in time of need.
Thank you for visiting and have a super day. Hugs, Mette
The treasure chest of possible tomorrows
“My real name is…”
Great Ideas For Keeping Kids Active This Summer
1:40PM - Turn and baste potatoes and parsnips.
and guinea-fowl, and other wild game.
Put 1 cup starter into a container and place in fridge until time to feed again. Use other 1 cup of starter in sourdough recipe.
My conclusions (which are that I have a strong relationship with God and people) aren't really any different than they ever were but the reminders of death and sickness are good for realizing maybe I should do some reprioritizing.
We’re at the opening night and over by the ovens, you can watch and chat to the bakers as they kneed their magic into a selection of loaves.
YES................. that is AL-FOIL..you know me. try something and like it and then use it to death... so its back..and i still LOVE IT....closies..
Berg's work, like Lady Gaga's video, sets up a series of allegories in which Berg puts the narrator into certain animal skins, such as the fox and the deer, and compares the he of the poem with the horse in "In the Horrifying Land of Clay:"
Length : 31"
As a naturally gregarious person, my contradiction is that I’ve always craved solitude, real alone time which many don’t understand, and think of it as antisocial, I prefer to think of it as simply switching of to be alone with myself.
A question came up in the Orchestrator forums today about how to ensure that Monitor type workflows are running in an environment. One way to do this is using Orchestrator itself to ensure that all ‘Monitor’ workflows that are supposed to be running are actually running. In our environment this type of workflow is run in our passive production environment against our active production environment but could just as well be run in your normal production environment on a non primary action server.
I kind of like the idea of a National “Let Your Boy Be a Girl Day.” Better yet, maybe we can just have a National “Leave Kids Alone and Let Them Be What They Want to Be” Day. We could start a movement. We could call it “Occupy Pink.” Who’s in?
Author: Paula Vince
Pretty much everyone in this scandalicious film is trying to hide a secret, and pretty much everyone is "guilty" of whatever they're accused of/blackmailed for. But I don't think the thrust of the film is that all politicians are dirty-- just that they're all human. The one-time communist isn't some insidious, unamerican threat to our democracy-- he's a man that made some mistakes. The homosexual-turned-self-righteous-family-man isn't a hypocrite or pervert, but a tortured soul that's afforded a high degree of tragic, moving sympathy. Like the next film on my little list, but in a very different way, it emphasizes that politics is a very personal business, driven and shaped by an individual's history and personality.
Owner of an establishment
I am not going to be on my own through a large portion of my trip, instead I am using the tour group Contiki, though I will be using separate week long stops through out, as well as a lightly guided 24 day trip on the Trans Siberian railroad. I would like to give points to the Contiki team who has been wonderful at keeping up with me as I add and delete and change my tour plans, they have kept up with me wonderfully, no matter how demanding I have become, as has the wonderful gentleman Matt from Monkey Shrine, who has been absolutely giving in the time that we have spent together creating the most amazing tour from St. Petersburg to Beijing that I have ever heard of.
Ms Waters excels in writing historical page-turners, twisty mysteries and world-building. These two novels explore dark undersides to the respectable society that we think of as Victorian. Her prose is beautiful, atmospheric and believably written as by someone you might find in a Dickens novel. These novels draw you in and are difficult to escape from.
Icehouse No promises AUS
There are plenty of other social networks that I do use, though. I use Twitter to post links to new blog posts, as well as photos, links to stuff I like, and just everyday thoughts and ramblings. I use Pinterest completely for myself as a way to bookmark things for later - diy projects, cool things to buy, home decor etc. I use Tumblr in a similar way, just with more of an audience in mind. I know I have a larger following there, so I choose posts that I think my readers would like, while still just posting stuff I think is cool. And I use Instagram to post everyday photos, photo challenges, and some outfits that don't make it to this blog. I link to blog posts using all of these platforms (except pinterest), but there's not a whole lot of overlap in the content of each one. Someone could follow me on all four sites and would not see the same content over and over and over again. For me, there's just a lot of inspiration out there and it's nice to have a place to share all of it, but there's no need to share it too many times. Give your network a reason to connect with you on different platforms, if you use them.
We've actually bought GoGo squeeZ a few times before. The monsters are pretty fond of it, actually. Munchkin especially likes the Apple Cinnamon flavor. I like it because it's not messy and the little pouches come with screw on tops that you can screw back on. So the kids can eat half a package and save the rest for later. Try that with one of those little tubs of applesauce with the foil lids. It's not pretty.
of learning how to live
For Our Va Kids,
That also touches on character motives, which I'll hit on in more detail in a future post. A character's motives drive them to create their individual ideas, to plan those ideas out, and to execute them. They could be self-serving, but they could also be what they feel is for the greater good.
This simple and delicious spaghetti uses very few ingredients, yet it's bursting with flavour. I usually prepare this dish with no cheese so I'll sometimes pair it up with a nice tomato and mozzarella salad.
It offers the radiant light to the world in it's truth
In parts of Sub-Saharan Africa, you constantly see personal journeys towards a conception of “refinement” that people may get from the east, west, or elsewhere – people write Nike on their tee-shirts, traditional bands cover Kenny Rogers songs (weird, I know, but true), small huts with television sets call themselves theaters. I guess the question I’m asking is that if these phenomena are not “creativity at the heart of resourcefulness” and are not culturally specific, how would one talk about them?
FIFA General Secretary Jerome Valcke accompanied by Local Organising Committee Chief Executive Officer Danny Jordaan were in studio with Everyday People’s Sive Msolo and Freedom Raphela.
The scriptures are full of so much wisdom. Of course, the fear of man brings a snare--if we are afraid to rise to our full potential because of what others might say, we will literally be ensnared as we make decisions to play it safe and not progress as we ought to progress.
3) Be sure to leave an e-mail address or Ravelry username so I can get in touch with you should you win!
I am not going to enter into discussion on climate change, as the comments it would generate would overwhelm the points I am seeking to make. However, right or wrong the issue has the potential to be misused to serve a political agenda as well as an environmental one.
Last night we caught a wonderful programme that Jeremy Paxman had made about Wilfred Owen. I knew he had a period suffering from shell shock, but I hadn't realised how thanks to some progressive treatment from the doctor who treated him (normal treatment of shell shock at the time consisted of firing your frontal lobes with electric shocks to reprogramme the brain to get back to battle), he started to write the war poems for which he is remembered today. Neither did I realise how influential Siegfried Sassoon had been on his work. Ironically, Sasssoon ended up in the same hospital because the government didn't want him writing any more anti-war treatises, only for him to influence a poet who went on to write some of the greatest anti-wa r poems ever written.
-A changes I will do for next time - add red bell peppers and pineapple and cook the snow peas on the side with garlic and olive oil instead of mixing together. :)
It is easy and delicious, not to mention of their super healthy power.
6. Star Air Application
MBLAQ – Mona Lisa (I actually forgot all about this song until I was going back in this blog and saw that I blogged about it…then I remembered how flawless it is. I can honestly say it’s the best song released from a male Kpop group this year.)
Bludsworth’s testimony in Herron’s trial showed Herron was his direct supervisor and Bludsworth took orders from him. In the testimony, Bludsworth also stated that he felt his job was in jeopardy from remarks made by Herron and “there ain’t but one way in the town of New Brockton and that’s the mayor’s way.”
Yesterday was weird. I ended up sitting on the roof landing on Mark's balcony with his neighbour in my underpants trying to get a tan. When I was going to go off, I couldn't find my keys and iPod. I'd left them on the table when I took off my pants before I got on the roof. I hunted for them everywhere but couldn't find them. Then Mark made me sit down for awhile and asked me to calm down and browse through his music while he looked for it. At some point I got this bizarre feeling he was playing some kind of weird joke on me, or keep my stuff to get me to come back or something. I can't assume I know what his motives were, or that it wasn't a genuine mistake, but when he found my stuff, it was in a corner of the flat I'd never gone near. I didn't get it at all. He says he was genuinely being muddle headed, but somehow I just don't believe him.
“Complementary thereto and for the same purpose, the following requirements, in addition to those in pertinent provisions of the Rules of Court and existing circulars, shall be strictly complied with in the filing of complaints, petitions, applications or other initiatory pleadings in all courts and agencies other than the Supreme Court and the Court of Appeals and shall be subject to the sanctions provided hereunder.”
Lizzy stepped toward the dressing room door, stood behind it as she opened it and said, “You first.”
BRUCE CHANNEL: Hey Baby
The Director, Dennis, called me in August while I was shopping on Polk Street with a friend. I picked up the phone, nerves going haywire - no contract, but he was trying to find some money to hire me for the season; he'd call me back next week. I'd been around the proverbial block. I knew what that meant: we like you, but we're waiting to hear back from our first choice. But now there was a small part of me that was even more excited; my hope had rekindled itself. The week passed. Another week, and still nothing. Hope was doused. Then, on a quiet day at the office, a quick call from Dennis: I'd like to offer you a company contract. Me: wait - when do we start? Dennis: October first. Click. I had a dance job.
1 implementation
Take advantage of our special offer to attend all 5 sessions for just $150, or register for them individually for $75 each. Each registration includes one connection to each Part of the series, but you may gather as many of your staff, board members, and consumers to participate as you like!
After watching these however, and realizing this fact. Instead of being mad that they had just been ripping off the original-that I loved so much-all this time, it actually gave me hope in the younger generation. Sometimes when I’m flipping through the channels and I see the things they show to children these days (Dora the Explorer) I find myself getting angry at the TV, “You show kids that!” These kids are oblivious to all the gems we had as children: Dexter, Tom and Jerry, Looney Tunes, Flintstones, etc. When I saw that Power Rangers is still the same fifteen years later made up slightly for the other junk; it allowed me to turn off my Netflix, walk outside and breathe a deep sigh of relief knowing that even today, little kids can still put on a mask and be a Power Ranger for a day.
In Red Hook, Brooklyn, turbulent winds kept a raging fire alive at a brick manufacturing plant, distributing flaming pitch shrapnel to several buildings across the street, including a hay and horse feed dealership! (One of many reasons they don't keep hay dealerships in crowded cities today.) The brick factory, which took several hours to control, was about three blocks from the location of today's IKEA store.
We have been busy with kid things again, which is good and the kids are loving it!
Seriously, my mom love Boston Cream donuts and that's all I've ever known...until now.
Oh, and speaking of that, do you wanna see what happened over at the Noxious's house yesterday, when the YG decided that she should take it upon herself to cut her own hair?
above, you’d discover He didn’t say,” Let your light shine….” Rather, He said,
Because they were bored silly in the claustrophobic scanner, they were forced to entertain themselves.
5. If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be?
If your belly and navel pop out and/or you feel kicks under your ribs, chances are your baby is in the anterior position, with his or her back facing your front.
if you are a full figure gal or have bodacious tatas i highly recommend the playtex secrets line of overtheshoulderboulderholders. they even have pretty colors : )
In 2009 seventeen year old Karlie Kloss ruled the runways and the pages of Vogue. The slim midwestern native with a face that looks straight out of a 1940s mystery was the model. Yet, perhaps it was not Kloss or Coco Rochas or Raquel Zimmermann that truly captivated the public, but rather the epic mistakes of over photoshopped models at Ralph Lauren and other fashion heavyweights.
Guess what, if you’re reading this your surviving. You, like me, are moving. Maybe you don’t know where you’re moving to or why…but you are!
“Beauty is sold every day by the millions but the ones who truly possess it paid nothing for it”.
Kodiak IPA 10:30 am NXNW Restaurant and Brewery
Next came Vera, sorry VERA***, and the analysis of the results from last year's year 3's. The results we were shown related to a group of 12 children, as soon as I heard the sample size I tuned out, what's the point on patting yourself on the back over statistics based on so tiny a sample size, even if they'd combined all 4 year 3 groups they'd struggle to reach a useful sample size, afterall there's lies, damned lies and statistics.
And Julia Eccleshare made the very good point that, "Big successes drive underground books we know are better."
II Samuel 16:5-13
The other problem is that establishments change. What can be excellent customer service one day can be unpleasant and unhelpful on another. Hotels become tired... not just in a decorative sense... a stay at the beginning of the season may be entirely different to one at the end. Essentially no visits are ever the same and no two experiences alike. Where you stay colours a trip... it can make or break a holiday. Travelling is expensive and time is precious... so getting the 'where to stay' right is of the utmost importance...
The U.s. Constitution is the current second source document (based on the Articles of Confederation and Perpetual Union) upon which our Nation was founded. The Union is much older than the Constitution. It was formed, in fact, by the Articles of Association in 1774. It was matured and continued by the Declaration of Independence in 1776. It was further matured ... by the Articles of Confederation in 1778. And finally, in 1787, one of the declared objects for ordaining and establishing the Constitution was "to form a more perfect Union." It describes the means by which self governance functions. It can be modified based on rules within its own framework. For this reason, it is described, in an overall sense, as a living document. It is the relationship between each citizen and the source document which determines and defines each American. This singular relationship is paramount. The Constitution for the United States is the supreme law of the United States of America. The first three Articles of the Constitution establish the rules and separate powers of the three branches which when taken together form the method of governance of the the federal Republic: a legislature, the bicameral Congress; an executive branch led by the President; and a federal judiciary headed by the Supreme Court. The last four Articles frame the principle of federalism. The Tenth Amendment confirms its federal characteristics.
* When looking for that new manuscript and debut author what are the main things that grab your attention? What makes a piece of work stand out from the slushpile?
Explaining his interpretation of objects, Wilson has said, “Objects have histories of their making, of their purpose, and their use. This is what I mean by ‘memory.’ Objects have multiple layers of meaning over time and as the object moves from place to place” (Wilson and Graham 213). Frampton and Deleuze describe film as being particularly interesting in that it’s a physical record of perception (by light) and time. I think Wilson’s interpretation of objects is similar in this regard. Objects’ “memories” are formed over time in their physical use and interpretation. By juxtaposing objects in new and surprising ways, Wilson seeks to expose forgotten meanings while actively creating new ones. We discussed Frampton’s emphasis on solely the audience/film experience devoid of filmmaker context as being detrimental to his argument. What I find interesting about Wilson’s work is that the scenarios he manufactures operate at a nexus between artist, object, and viewer. Each piece benefits from a greater understanding of Wilson’s practice but relies on the embedded memories of both the object and a varied audience.
But here's the thing. White people are not the majority of the world. 100% straight arrow people who have no gender issues are not the majority of the world. Able bodied people are not the majority of the world. We just think they are because the vast majority of the time, people who are NOT white and straight and able bodied only show up in the media in token roles. Look, we included a sassy gay boy who can give the heroine advice on clothes! Aren't we tolerant? Look! We included a sassy black/Chinese/Indian best friend to give the heroine advice on being true to herself! Aren't we racially aware! Look, we included a boy in a wheelchair to give the heroine advice on understanding what is important in life! Aren't we broadminded!
Consequently, in 1936, he approached German military intelligence who appealed to both his Welsh nationalism and his wallet.
Finally, look for the Baylor Bears to make some noise. They don’t have any big name athletes this time around, but as they showed in the 4x1 here they will be someone to recon with. Watch for them as they attempt to play spoiler in both relays, and potentially stealing points in the 200 & 400.
BLACKBERRY AND WHITE CHOCOLATE BROWNIES
- Red grapefruit 3 for $1.00 (imported)
At first it might seem obvious: people are more important than frogs, and racism radically effects people’s lives. Of course, I just assumed that people are more important than frogs. But with OOO and SR, this seemingly simple anthopocentric gesture becomes problematic. If OOO works to put all objects on the same level, why are people more important than frogs? Isn’t this precisely the sort of thinking we’re working to get rid of? Isn’t the whole point of the Latour litanies that its important to view neoplatonism and flowers as being on fundamentally the same ontological level?
Grammar and punctuation can be ‘cleaned up’ by a sub-editor.
As with any of Sion Sono’s films, this movie dives headfirst into some very dark and controversial issues within Japanese society. But I think there is so much in this movie that can be interpreted on an international level and not just in Japan, the reality that so many of society’s problems in any country can be directly traced back to how well the family gets along. The importance of family really comes through in this movie. I am not from Japan and have never been there, but from what I have read it seems that family and tradition are two very important aspects of Japanese culture. But as the younger generation progresses, there are still those from the old school who can’t understand the younger generation. Music, clothes, and hairstyles are just a few things that directly cause a disconnection within families, and on a larger scale are a few causes for the generation gap. One of the main themes in this movie is lack of communication, Kuroda represents the parent who lets so many opportunities slip by and never takes the time to get to know his family on a deeper level. There is also a strong scene where Kuroda is riding on the subway and looks around at all the faces of the people on the train, everyone looks like they are miserable and depressed, like they have given up on living a long time ago and are just trying their best to survive.
Pendragon: Four week ban.
We're different people here for different reasons, despite finding ourselves on the same pitch lists and Evites, attending the same conferences and sharing plenty of Twitter followers. We have different goals and different measurements of success.
Monday was a chores day, and yesterday found us off to a great adventure to Borrego Springs. I had downloaded the map to the Galleta Meadows Sculptures before we went, so we were somewhat prepared. First stop was a visit to the Information Centre at the State Park Office ( wonderful facility!) to take in a 15 minute movie, which was very well done, of the seasons in the Park.
Baked oatmeal is somewhere between regular oatmeal and a muffin. It’s denser than a muffin, but it does have that ‘cakey’ texture to it. Basically, it is AMAZING! I was able to throw this together pretty quickly and we enjoyed our coffee while it was baking away in the oven. I improvised a little to use what I had on hand, and I can see so many ways to customize and change this base recipe in the future by adding different fruits or nuts.
Some of you know that I am the Youth Leader for our church’s youth group. We’re going on a mission trip in June, and we need funding. So, our main fundraiser starts tomorrow: a silent auction. We’ve been busy collecting donated items.
Anyway, I made that whole story up. I have no idea if the kitchen rug influenced her decision at all, or if that picture was even taken in a kitchen. It could be the laundry room, for all I know. But what matters is it turned out deliciously, and it probably is the envy of all her friends in real life. I certainly covet it! See more on her blog Innovative Interior.
But what is also cool is that although each person is doing a different variation of covenant fasting, everyone is looking to God for their salvation. for their fulfillment. for their hope.
nestled against the sweetly stuffed vagina.
Pathetically, Africans demanded independence from colonialism only to be recolonised and enslaved by our own leaders. A US Senate investigation in 1997 established that Bongo and his family spend fifty-five million pounds every year. Like Omar Bongo, Denis Sassou Nguesso, Teodoro Obiang Nguema, Blaise Campore, Dos Santos, and their friends in Chad, DRC, have all enriched themselves at the expense of their poor countries often in collusion and connivance with the French political and the business elite and the banking and property institutions. Robert Mugabe was seen having a lavish birthday party with his family and friends while millions of his people face starvation and cholera continues to threaten tens of thousands of them. Africa is poor because of the incompetence of her leaders. The people are poor because they have been denied the opportunity to develop. There are no efficient transportation system; no major infrastructural development, no viable manufacturing sector; no major breakthrough in the universities because monies meant for all that have been stolen by the Slave Masters in full agreement with Switzerland, France, Britain, USA, Luxembourg, Jersey Island, Austria and Liechtenstein.
Time of Ja’s life: Grade School
or how the path would wind
Yummeh!
4 No Friend Of Mine/It's Not Easy (St Clair 711-711) 1966
Another science fiction/mecha entry to this season is Mouretsu Pirates. Set in a distant future on a colonized world, Marika Katou (Komatsu Mikako) is a student, Space Yacht Club member, and works part-time at a high-class retro cafe. She is visited by two strange people who are friends of her mother, Ririka Katou (Kaida Yuko). They have come to pay respects to someone the three knew, and also serve Marika with an edict, she is to inherit the space battleship Benten Maru, a pirate ship from the war for independence a century ago, where pirate ships were pressed into service under a special agreement to defend the colony. By law, when a captain dies, the ship is turned over to a direct decedent. To add further enigma, a new transfer student, Chiaki Kurihara (Hanazawa Kana) appears at Marika’s job and seems to have some sort of business with her, but gets caught up in a fight among some tough dudes looking for Marika.
As an aside, we found a Gasthaus-Brauerei in nearby Eschelbronn. It looked closed, and we thought we'd make a return trip during the week. We later found that it was for sale, for 163,000 Euro. No idea if any actual brewing was done on site in recent years, but I'm tempted to call the agent to see if brewing equipment is also included!
Readers want to be taken out of their normal everyday worlds whatever the genre - whether it be soap stories, romance, adventure, mystery, or thriller. These genres still need some 'out there' plotlines or at best some exageration (or almost unbelievable aspect) of everyday life. Even the soaps, meant to be a representation of ordinary folk and ordinary life, stretch our sense of credulity to the limit.
Let me be clear right up front that this man-love is in no way sexual. I don’t swing that way and I’m sure the Great Emancipator didn’t either. My feelings also aren’t to be mistaken for simple respect or admiration. I do think highly of his many fine qualities, and believe he’s almost single-handedly responsible for me not living in a Confederate Empire headed up by King Haley Barbour.
A provincial study is also underway in a region of northeastern B.C. called the Horn River Basin, where at least 11 energy companies are developing significant shale gas extraction projects. The study, being conducted by the BC Oil and Gas Commission with commercial co-operation, should be completed later this year.”
Nov 19 Merrillville, IN — Star Plaza Theatre
The evolution of the intricate and delicate relationship between the Indians and the traders is expressly laid out. We learn of the métis, part Native and part French, who declare themselves gens libre, free people. They all — Indians, traders, French and métis — were inhabitants of a northern multicultural borderland society, which, due to its location in an inaccessible interior wilderness, was largely left alone until the advent of the steamship.”
Until next time~
Alas, they Knew Not how to Treat
Day of the week number picked was #5 so that makes it FRIDAY
Robert Downey Jr. is still disturbingly perfect as Tony Stark/Iron Man. After already having two movies under his belt, Downey Jr. knows the perfect combination of arrogance and disarming charm that makes up Stark. Watching him interact with the rest of the group, especially his mockery of Captain America (Chris Evans), is an absolute joy. Speaking of Chris Evans, his-out-of-time Captain America brings an immediate smile to your face. The World War II hero constantly finds himself out of the loop, oblivious to modern-day references and jokes. Not to be outdone though, Thor (Chris Hemsworth) also garners some pretty big laughs as he offhandedly dismisses the other Avengers for being mere tiny humans.
Everything about this song is perfect. The way John's voice echoes. The way George Martin plays the shit out the piano. The fact that John calls it "rock-roll" music. The very timbre of John's vocals as he shouts like the building is on fire. The way the songs stops and starts with every trip back to the chorus. Its placement on the album, with three incredibly depressing songs about infidelity, self-hatred, and death preceding it, is perfect.
3 worry
THE SHABBY TEA ROOM WINNER:
demon
What really disappointed me was in the third paragraph it said “Richardson stunned football in December when he went public with his faith, celebrating a goal at Wolverhampton Wanderers by revealing a vest which read ‘I belong to Jesus’.” It was the word ‘stunned’ that really took me by surprise, or stunned me if you will.
Think about it. You raise a child all your life, love that child, and have high hopes for them. They make a sacrifice in a war that nobody hardly pays attention to any more.
Yippeeeeeee!! A fun crop party happening soon!! Soo can't waitt!!! :))))
Back in November, Whiff of Joy was thrilled to become a Member Company over at Splitcoaststampers (SCS). I am sure many of you already are familiar with Splitcoaststampers. It is an online gathering place for stampers where we can all meet and talk and share with other stampers! You can create your own personal gallery where you can upload and share your creations with others and you can ask questions in the forums and visit the resource center to find amazing tutorials.
The written word has power that many other mediums don’t have. Hence the proverb, “The pen is mightier than the sword”. Because of this, I view books as an important form of freedom. Freedom can be abused, but in the end it is a freedom I would never willingly do without.
How does this ignore the message from the source? Neville is a legend – but not for the right reasons.
"Every gambler knows that the secret to survivin'
After working for close to a month, I understand the value of little things, like your boyfriend watering the weed daily, or your roommate unloading the dishwasher. It's so easy to make life crazy busy and chaotic, but it's not so easy slowing down.
Socks: Secret Shop (they have a cute knitted pattern)
I hope you nasty brother puckers come back as cockroaches in the next life.
Someone once asked the artist Georgia O’Keeffe why her paintings magnified the size of small objects – the petals on a flower – making them appear larger than life, and reduced the size of large objects – like mountains – making them smaller than life. “Everyone sees the big things,” she said. “But these smaller things are so beautiful and people might not notice them if I didn’t emphasize them.”
I had the finest traveling companion – Dr. Beaver can speak exhaustively on nearly any topic and always enlightens and enlivens. It’s going to be a great two weeks!
Roast Beef Po Boy, fully dressed. This is of the “debris” style where the roast beef itself has been cooked until completely falling apart and drenched in its own jus. Served on the classic New Orleans French Loaf, aka Po Boy bread, this is then dressed with lettuce, tomato and mayo. It’s excellent, and I can understand why many regard this sandwich as the city’s archetype and reference standard.
County of Residence: HARDEMAN
Preheat oven to 350 degrees
Andrew is a child of a very broken home with little hope on the horizon – his mom’s sick and dying, his dad’s out of work and abusive. He is a troubled teenager to the extreme, and when he gets his powers he does not magically turn over a new leaf. This movie is a really good portrayal of a main character that is not anyone we want to identify with or even really follow, but then the film does it anyway, and it turns out compelling and even arresting at times in its insanity. It’s a great character study of kids like Andrew who exist in plentitude in the real world – kids who have nothing and don’t seem to be on the planet for anything else other than to be punching bags for the karmic forces. It’s tragic, and the movie portrays Andrew’s darkest moments in that light almost as much as they are deplorable and disgusting. Mostly they’re all three.
Who: They Guys
As I posted on my facebook page, I am going to be doing a mini-session day on October 29, 2011. This would be a perfect time to capture a few pictures for your Christmas card, do a birthday session for a child that may have a birthday around this time, take a few family photos, etc. I will be hosting these at Springton Manor Farm again since it is such a beautiful place to use as a background.
If you make a mistake and are lacking in a particular ingredient/component of a dish,what you have to do is make sure that all the dishes on each table look exactly the same.The same applies with glassware, cutlery etc,each complete table must look the same despite perhaps being different to the surrounding tables.
Happy Birthday Dad. Lots of kisses and furry snuggles are coming your way.
He had been through the ritual many times to ignore this sign.
So, say a little prayer for us tomorrow afternoon. I know I will need it!
But when I look at that palette, when I experience what they are creating, I do not see anything but joyful children doing what they should be doing - freely pursuing the things that give them joy with no rules, no bounds, no molding, little good or bad, and plenty of love and support along each step.
I believe in saying I love you. I believe in long hugs and telling people what they mean to you, from the heart. I believe in making time for my friends, even when I don't feel like I have it to give. Tomorrow is promised to no one. You never know when this "I love you" or that hug is going to be the last one. Carpe diem, and Carpe amor, as well.
But despite the letdown of the Rose Garden, there was plenty to see. There were photos all over the place of former presidents planting trees (George Bush the Smarter sure planted a lot of them) and a chart of the birds you’d typically see on the grounds.
These paragraphs speak to the untidy nature of the parables and strange nature of the God whose Kingdom is spoken of by Jesus. God, as it turns out, turns all of our notions about himself upside down and inside out. We do not get from him what we might expect, and he does not give to us as we might desire. Those who are first are last and those who are last are first.
Lia
I'd like to visit my friend in Florida who I have been promising for a couple of years that I'd come visit.
Dear Sirs and Madams at Picnik,
and each machine is working
Anyone can sing in the day. When the cup is full, one draws inspiration from it; when wealth rolls in abundance around them, anyone can sing to the praise of a God who gives an abundant harvest. It is easy to sing when we can read the notes by daylight; but the skillful singer is the one who can sing when there is not a ray of light to read by—who sings from their heart, and not from a book that they can see.
Emerald Isle Stout: (***) Light and watery; need to increase the mouth feel; really nice, buttery finish; needs bigger starting impact.
Marco loved Ella! He followed her around like this the whole time!
A Stasis Silo had an Armour Value of 14 and could only be destroyed by Predator models. Any glancing or penetrating hit would destroy the Stasis Silo and it could no longer be claimed by either the Aliens or the Colonial Marines. Once a Stasis Silo was destroyed the Predators would no longer consider it as a viable target.
No one should be more surprised that the Tories take money from rich people, who then get the ear of the Government, than that the Tories, and their Liberal clones, last week, pushed through a Budget that also favoured the rich, and further attacked ordinary working people. Society is not divided into just two Classes, but it is divided into two great "Class Camps", as Marx put it in the Communist Manifesto. That is the Camp of Capital and the Camp of Labour. The Liberal-Tories represent the former, and Labour should represent the latter. There is nothing wrong, or surprising, then in the rich, and the representatives of Capital, giving money to the Liberal-Tories in return for them pursuing policies in their interests, any more than there is anything wrong with workers, through their union subscriptions, or through individual subscriptions, paying money to Labour for the same reason.
So do Politicians who use it really believe that democracy is a thing of the past, something the people aren't to be trusted with? Because if someone who represents me in any capacity and who's wages I paid said I no longer had the power to hire and fire them, I'd be a bit peeved to say the least. More likely I'd be shoving my boot up their arse and firing them.
Our initial YWCA shelter plan fell apart rapidly. Mom has no money for gas, food, phone and limited access to a computer, but to get help she must deliver signed letters, drive to appointments and obtain documentation of her situation. That fairytale farm girl had a better chance of spinning straw into gold.
All papers accepted for and presented at this conference will be eligible for publication in an ISBN eBook. Selected papers maybe invited for development for publication in a themed hard copy volume(s) or for inclusion in the Perspectives on Evil journal (relaunching 2011).
Fifth, Rick Perry is a great governor, has a very strong conservative record, and is the most qualified candidate for the “Not Mitt Romney” category. However, his self-mutilation at the beginning of his campaign has petrified him at the bottom of the polls and he hasn’t seemed to regain his footing. I’m glad he decided to remain in the race through South Carolina, as he might pick up some Bachmann votes as well as some in the Santorum Sink, but I question whether it will be enough to pass Newt. South Carolina loved him at the start of his campaign, though, and there’s just a slight chance he can recover there. The jury is still out on that.
Doodle parts - more solid leaves to doodle over. The swirls feature a lot in my journaling and are ready doodled for you. Larger toadstools are always a must. The arrows make perfect frames and page corners and the part flower, well what can I say.
Tomorrow we’re starting off by getting gear from my school, at 9AM. Then at 12AM my director, his assistant, one of my assistants and I are going to Panavision and Panalux where we’re picking up the camera, lenses, a JIB, Dedolights and some Kino Flos. We have dropped the RED and are shooting the entire film on the ARRI SR3, using mostly 35mm lenses. Since we start shooting tomorrow, I will only have about three hours alone with the camera gear before I need to know how everything works. And load four mags with 16mm film. We start off in studio, then move on to location tomorrow.
That's it for now, have a wonderful weekend everyone! The weather in NYC today sure is lovely!
A village school was established in 1816. The school and the adjacent master's house were paid for by public subscription on land donated by the Duke of Northumberland. The original school building is now used by the village scouts.
After the battle royale, I ate lunch and chilled out before getting ready for the Galarama. My ultimate goal was to get there early because the lines for everything at VVC had reached legendary status. So, I put on my outfit and got myself to the Gala. There was so much food. SO. MUCH. FOOD. Pizza, burgers, wraps, spring rolls, chikn tenders, sundae bar, and some dranky drank.
Now pour the milk over all and sprinkle
Scouts Canada is an organization that encourages youth of all ages to get out and make a positive impact. In Halton, Scouts Canada is extremely active, with youth learning about, and participating in, many programs that make our community and environment better.
15. The screenplay for Gigli
However, recent research suggest that crows are highly intelligent, using tools and creating tools as well and perhaps participating in competitions. They certainly have learned that humans here in Pennsylvania are not likely to harm them and cheeky might be the best word to describe their behavior.
Brad ran down to West Elm today on his lunch break to picked up a copy of the catalog... and get this. He spoke to the manager while he was there and mentioned possibly displaying my art in their store somehow, and the manager suggested scheduling a day to feature me and a few other local business in the store! What a salesman... I knew I married him for a reason ;)
Stay watchful,
The 15th century is the Golden Age and there are still many buildings left from this period. For example the Lonja, this is the Silk Exchange, the Miguelete, this is the clock tower of the cathedral and the Palacio de Marques de dos Aguas, a Palace of an import landlord of that period.
If you'll not fail to tell me that you love me
It may have cost me more money to have Uncle Junior pick up my trash but he took whatever I put out and didn't give me an attitude about it.
But, really, what I want to say here is, if you do not want to become a victim you really do need to do your research, think before you click, and exercise a healthy “paranoid common sense” when online.
Whisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves, and salt in a large bowl; set aside.
Volunteer Table Interests Table Committee Table
We have learned the very painful lesson that all of creation is in God’s hands and He will end time in His time, not ours! We humbly recognize that God may not tell His people the date when Christ will return, any more than He tells anyone the date they will die physically.
I chose to use the beautiful Tilda with Ballet Shoes from the 2012 Princes and Princesses Collection as well as Pink Tilda Ice/Ballet Princess and her shoes from the 2008 Pink Collection. I wanted a softer look for this little cutie so I used Desert Sand Memento instead of my regular black. Once again I coloured with my trusty Promarkers and Prisma Pencils
What some would call an uncomfortable silence, but I would call heaven, ensued. Sadly enough it quickly came to a torturous end when she asked me if I'd been here before. What? Who the fuck says shit like that? First of all, it's 2010 and that question is from, at the latest, the 80s so knock it off! Second, I'm sitting in the corner with a PBR and an empty shot glass and I'm not dressed up. I clearly don't care and am not looking to impress anyone.
It is a wishful desire…
every experience … teaches you a lesson
There was a family member that was also interested in adopting them.
In the midst of the chaos and terror, the front screen door of the Cawley house suddenly burst open, and out stepped Big Jim Cawley, and Big Jim was packing a double barrel 12 gauge, with an extra box of shells. The sudden appearance of Mr. Cawley, and his associated firepower, had a calming effect on the crowd. Immediately, the crowd was silenced, and they began to separate, clearing a path for Jim. It was understood he would be shooting the snake, so everyone scooted back to give him a clear line of fire and unencumbered view of the monster. Women were clutching their children to ensure no one ran into the line of fire. All was quiet. Jim came in view of the snake. He slowly drew a bead on the terrible creature, and right at the time you were expecting to hear the report of the shotgun, you heard instead a voice in the crowd say firmly, “Wait”. Then the voice said, “Wait, that is no way to kill a snake”.
**All attempts have been made to insure all information on this page is accurate. The author does not endorse any of the comments of the users of this site. If you feel any information on this site is inaccurate please contact CaptainVancouver with the subject line “CORRECTION”. LINK TO DISCLAIMER HERE.**
Combine in blender slowly adding oil
Honeyberry- Plant two varieties. They taste similar to blueberries.
After lunch we went back to the house and got out a chocolate cake for my brothers 21st birthday. As it was my brothers birthday I decided just to have a fingers width of cake. I know this doesn’t exactly go with the sugar detox, but its way way less than I would have had normally. Plus its not everyday you get to have a bit of birthday cake! Again, I passed on any biscuits that were offered around.
I sympathize afresh with the mighty Voltaire, who, when badgered on his deathbed and urged to renounce the devil, murmured that this was no time to be making enemies.
He said before RFS does more damage, the government must clamp down on the widely popular broadcasts.
Hope you enjoy this song and the message that indeed we do have Blessed Assurance with
"Why are you asking questions you already know the answers to?"
Koningshoeven Quadrupel Ale (No Photos)
Given that I am on a limited budget, I decided that walking to the beach every weekend was a good way to establish routine. So that gets me two days. . .
The police, themselves a government tool for the repression, murder and torture of gay men, have stated that his death has nothing to do with his sexuality.
I could have worn.
Having been victim of a flat at the beginning of the first dirt road section (!!), I know exactly what Jeff means. It was nice to have wheel car, but it took me a minute to realize it was 100% self-service, including finding the trunk handle, finding my wheel, etc, while the driver sat in his seat verifying that indeed I did have a wheel in the back. In addition, I assumed that it wasn’t going to be me who needed my wheel, but some other bozo (I had upgraded to tubulars for that very reason – “no flat” insurance), so I put a nice little paper tag tied to a string in the axle. As a result I had the pleasure of listening to flap, flap, flap for 57 miles on my old clincher. If that was not enough, I was worried the whole time – what if I got another flat? I was now behind the wheel car, and had nothing, no spare for either tubular or clincher tire, no cell phone, nothing!.And 58 miles of Battenkill to go. In retrospect, I was very lucky.
Someone thought it'd be smart to send me a LINK to a video of their qualifications, promising the opportunity to download the resume/cover letter at the end. Not only did this person not follow directions, they showed poor judgment. Who is going to click on a mysterious link with so many weird viruses out there? MAYBE I could understand the video if the position were for some sort of videographer or film editor. Since it's an administrative support position, I'm just tsk tsk tsking as I click on someone else's response.
I had quite a few scraps left, so I decided to be a complete overachiever and I made a Father's Day card for my grandfather as well. I used a wood grain embossing folder to add a bit more texture to the white cardstock. He's sure to love that because he's a man's man and he loves going out in the woods to hunt.
A study table is one of the most essential furniture required in a home. Comfortable and right furniture is quite necessary to ensure that children can study for long hours without any discomfort and distraction. Although there are several pieces of furniture required in a study room, tables and chairs are the foremost among them. Storage shelves for books, colors, bags are also necessary but it is important to choose an appropriate study table for convenience and comfort.
x3 metres of Beige Floral Ditsy Print.
The officer led Olivia out of the room and down the hall to a holding cell. There was another inmate in the cell, also in an orange suit.
What do you think would be the best solution? I could really use some extra input on this one people - even if you've never left me a comment before, I'd love to hear what you think!
Although it seems a daft thing to say, losing the novel seems the hardest. I've worked on it for so long. I know it so well. The characters are real; to me at least. The setting is so vivid. I've invested so much of me in that story. It's been a huge part of my life. How can I just ditch it, leaving my characters destitute and directionless? Because it just wasn't working. I thought it was, really I did, but it never quite came alive on the page. I feel I should bury it in the garden, give it a little ceremony, a gravestone perhaps. Only the cats would dig it up, and, anyway, it would be silly. But I loved it!
The plot centres around two kingdoms, one powerful, Halladren, the other, Idris, in decline. Halladren has replaced Idris as the strongest power in the region, but the Idrian monarchs still hold a claim to the Halladren throne. To make matters more interesting, the religion of Halladren is considered an abomination by the Idrians. As the novel opens, there is to be a marriage between the daughter of the King of Idrian, and the God King of Halladren.
After, we headed back home, where I preceded to walk another 9 km home, I felt much better about my journey to Australia. Despite some small bumps along the road, I am overjoyed to be here. The trip was a great way to meet new people and to see some amazing sights in Australia. I cannot wait to explore more of this amazing country. Things are looking up.
6. Let Your Mom Take Care of You – As cheesy as it sounds, your mom is still the best doctor. There’s seriously nothing like her cooking to make you feel like new again, and I was so glad to have her around to take care of me.
The 17U Eric Gordon All-Stars out of Indianapolis, Indiana are off to a fast start this season and are reaching high levels of success. With team success comes individual success and that has shown for many of the players on this team. They’ve already won one championship, coming at the indyball.com shootout, and also won a few games at the Nike Spring Showdown. As they continue to achieve high levels of success this summer, more and more coaches will have their eyes on some of the players. Here’s some of the 17U Eric Gordon All-Stars you should pay attention to this summer:
C: Defense lawyer Judd Roy
Here's the background info:
Regular readers will know that I do not shy away from color (most of the time). For the past couple of months, I've been a bit uninspired, which explains the lack of EOTD posts around here. I blame the weather. The sun has finally begun to show its face, though, and the weather is slowly warming up, so I've been feeling happy and cheerful again, and ready to play with more colors. Orange is one of my favorites for eyes, and I know a lot of people avoid it because of its brightness, so I decided to do a couple of orange looks to show you that you can do it! It can be subtle, even. Here are four, perhaps you'll give one a try?
It is easy to let music hold you.
My ergo was on stationary as I am still alternating ergo session between sliders and stationary. Josh did is on sliders and reminded us again why he is the human horse. The session was 6 x 10min with lactate to be kept below 4mml. Here's my ergo screen...
I finished my 1st grade Treasures spelling list packets!!!!!! I only worked on them for almost 20 hours, in a zombie-like stupor, hunched over my computer, whilst ignoring my husband, dogs, and all I hold dear!
Eating and cooking
President Jacob Zuma's home province is listed in the report as one of the places with high rates of unauthorised expenditure.
And of course, there is some kind of guilt attached. While we have been assured that there is a reason that those of us that didn’t get let go…. well… didn’t, it still cuts. And it still is hard to figure out how to deal with the ones who did, whom we like or love, and who are having all of those feelings that I remember from my own layoff situations.
birthdays can be just as special on any day and you don't have to spend much or
“When a man and woman are both in love, their emotions encourage them to make each other happy for life. In fact, the thought of spending life apart is usually frightening. It seems to them that they were made to be together for eternity. In almost every case, a man and woman marry because they are in love, and they are in love because their love bank balances are above the romantic love threshold.”
Row 1: Knit into the front and back of the first stitch, purl, knit into the front and back of the last stitch. (5 stitches)
Bob – What were his thoughts on Albuquerque?
Now here you sit today with options. Renew into the low rate of 3.29% and lower your payments from $1635.26 to $1347.61 saving you a total of $287.65 per month, that is a great option, but is it the best option?
He had his scent now and refused to rest until he was found.
Scarlet shares another bond with her brother. She too was born with a heart condition, a small hole in the ventricular wall of her heart. Scarlett’s doctors are the same as Tressel’s, and if necessary, heart surgery would be performed at Cincinnati Children’s. Tressel’s death did not shake Emilie’s trust. “It was a horrible mistake but everybody makes mistakes every day,” she said. “It’s the same doctors and everything and they are just as compassionate as before.”
Everyone thinks Evan is sick . . . Everyone thinks science will find a cure. But Evan knows he is not sick; he is transforming. Evan’s metamorphosis has him confined to his bed, constantly terrified, and completely alone. Alone except for his visits from the Wuftoom, a wormlike creature that tells him he is becoming one of them. Clinging to his humanity and desperate to help his overworked single mother, Evan makes a bargain with the Vitflies, the sworn enemies of the Wuftoom. But when the bargain becomes blackmail and the Vitflies prepare for war, whom can Evan trust? Is saving his humanity worth destroying an entire species, and the only family he has left?(
I watched the two people I had once known as mom and dad come running in with gifts of gold and silver wrapped trinkets spilling forth from their embrace.
But this one murder - of a beautiful young woman who had just married - has become the symbol of our country to the outside world.
There was silence. He could feel the burning emotion that Ashi was feeling at the moment. He could even see his eyes that was full of passion. He knew that Ashi knew about Galbaria and how it made his life and the whole island miserable.
The Star first laid out Desgagne’s worries that she had been instructed to mislead voters, but her affidavit provides more specific details about the actions of RMG, including how she immediately flagged her concerns to a workplace supervisor named Stephanie.
Now that you have your filtered wax and all your other supplies at the ready, melt everything except the oils (so, beeswax, Shea butter and honey) in your double boiler and stir it all together with one of your spatulas.
VI. ...then was toppled by an earthquake.
This weekend my daughter said, Kids at school think I’m dirt! No one likes me. I’m too short, I don’t have the right clothes, my voice is too high…”
Me: I fell on the razor.
Shallots, 4 pcs, slice thinly
I love honour and respect the Christ consciousness.
"Do I contradict myself? Very well then, I contradict myself; I am large, I contain multitudes." ~ Walt Whitman
For as much as she loves interesting foods like spicy albacore with ponzu sauce (sushi) and unagi (eel) and edamame and could eat her weight in any variety of ravioli (not the canned stuff) and even banana peppers... for as much as she loves strawberries, raspberries, blueberries, watermemlon, cantaloupe, tomatoes... for a kid that wants nothing more for lunch than a baked potato with chili on the side...
5) If you had to create a top 5 recommended reading list, what would they be (could be training/non-training related)
--George Bush was a phenomenal president. Maybe one of our best...and smartest.
b. War crimes:
Anyway, this haul post has been a ridiculously long time coming. I originally shot the haul like a month ago, but I wanted to include the swatches with the blog post & didn't get around to editing those until a few days ago. Here's the haul vid:
I have thought about the pros and cons of both--
Also, if you've got a short, rules-light RPG, get in touch. We'd love to add some gaming variety to our line-up.
- You look wealthy. Can I borrow a couple thousand dollars? My bookie would really appreciate it.
Thus began the catastrophe of gift-giving that marked my freshman year in college. I reciprocated by giving her one of my favorite necklaces. Her next gift came head-spinningly fast. It was an all expenses paid weekend in Vegas.
Like the room we worked in, precious gifts and beauty soon fill the heart where He works. Isaiah 61:3 promises a crown of beauty where ashes once were, gladness instead of mourning. Won’t you let the master carpenter work in your heart today? He waits, longing to be gracious to you, desiring to have mercy on you and to show you loving kindness (Isaiah 30:18).
And all of these moments
Given that beer experts, and Horst Dornbusch, have worked on this thing for the best part of five years, this is unbelievably shoddy. I was expecting some poor stuff but this is just incredible. Especially since Protz has written stuff in the past that shows he did once know Barclay Perkins and Courage were separate concerns and didn’t merge until the 1950s.
Disney, which is based in Burbank and plans to keep Marvel’s operations in New York, hasn’t tipped its hand on what lesser-known characters it believes have the potential to leap off the printed page.
So the raging of the storm was not an act of God but rather an activity of the adversary, the devil. The storms do exist but only as God permits them. He can stop them and He will if it fits into His long-term plan.
What will happen to these children once they finish Primary school, where will they go?
Iván Meade - Do you consider being young in the business as advantage or a disadvantage?
This is the sign on a weird "city toilet" thing outside the library. You can't really see the text, but essentially it says that you insert a quarter, and the thing (which looks like some kind of alien space pod) opens up, and you get 20 minutes to desecrate it. After 20 minutes, the door automatically opens. So if you're anticipating a major colon blowout or something, find a real bathroom. There's also a lot of instructions on it about how to call 911 by pushing a button inside, which I thought was slightly ominous.
Lay beside me, let me show you how to love. Look into my eyes, let me take you there.
I do have some good news with little Miss Yellow plant.
49. Swoon Nina Malkin
They had a deal on: 5 of the heat & serve meals for $12 but unfortunately they were out of one flavour and the deal didn't include the vegan ready meal so I doubled up on two of the flavours. When the woman serving me realised I was vegan she threw in the ready meal for free and said "I always feel for the vegans" which was really sweet.
Brescoll and Uhlmann (2008) developed an amazing study to look at the expression of emotion and how it can alter how potential employers might judge you. The authors point out that they suspect that a man who shows aggression in the work place could be seen as more assertive than anything else. While an aggressive female in the workplace may actually be seen as, “out of control” compared to the male with equivalent behavior. This is an interesting phenomena, but is there any substance to it? The results may be surprising!
It had come from my own accord,
Episode 3 - Who'd be a time traveller? It's not all pretty blue boxes you know! At least according to Lady Emily and her mildly mental pal Ethan, anomaly nomads who remind me of Helen Cutter. Not to mention Charlotte. Poor, dead Charlotte who barely made it 5 minutes in. RIP. The idea of Victorian adventurers travelling through time sold this episode to me. The creatures, on the other hand... I have no idea if "tree raptors" exist, but they looked fictionalised to my eyes. This would be fine, if they were from the future, but that didn't seem to be the line. There was no official species name given, or anything official at all about them other than a few wee nicknames. Shows like Primeval need at least some grounding in fact, or else they'll just drift into lala land. So that's my one bugbear. Liked the lockdown, though I'm slightly convinced they stole my idea! On my fanfic page, I'm writing a Primeval story called Quarantine, set just after Series 2, where the ARC is locked down because Connor brings in potentially infectious slime on his gloves. It's pretty similar in a few aspects to the Lock Down plot... I'm considering asking for royalties (joke). Jess has won me round, with her perky ways. I no longer want to stand on her, you'll be pleased to hear! Philip Burton and his "New Dawn" are mysterious. I don't like him. Nobody with a beard like that is good news. Then there's Gideon, whose days are apparently numbered. In his scenes with Matt, I was struck that he reminds me a lot of Stephen Hart or Professor Cutter. But that is just stupid plot-mongering from me, not any kind of real spoiler. They're dead. This has been established. But Gideon means something, and I'm damned if I know what... Connor's password *CUTENESS SPOILER ALERT* "Abby Temple", was the sweetest thing I've heard in a long time. And I don't know if anyone enjoys squinting as much as I do, but if you look closely at the ARC monitors, the logo on there is the same one the team found in the Apocalyptic Future of Series 3. Something to ponder there...
wriggles in the mud
“Long hours.
My friend Stephanie has poured herself into her art in the days since the birth and death of Amelia. We, as her friends, have always been tremendously impressed by her sense of design, of graphic proportion, or color. When we went to stay at her house for her blessingway we were greeted with visions of thoughtful loveliness around every corner, in every room.
Equity Valuations:
Good food shared with family all together... such a gift for us all.
I remember arriving in Heathrow, very excited to be in my first cold country. I told the immigration officer at the desk that I was there to visit my boyfriend and she became very hostile. “You’re not going to marry him while you’re here,” she said.
Check out my interview with Regan!
I was curious what some official definitions were for the word respect. Here is what I found:
Deputy Agriculture Minister Nattawut Saikuar was in the PM’s entourage. His main concern was the price of rubber, for that’s how the southern man can begin to woo southern voters. But I also have other hopes for him: this is the man who has vociferously spoken out against structural injustice and officially sanctioned violence. This is the man who disdains the military. This is the man who has expressed a strong, sincere wish to find some clarity, some closure, or some form of justice, for the killings of 91 people at Ratchaprasong – that must be done, the quicker the better – and I hoped with all my heart he would feel the same about southerners’ plight. It’s surprising in fact, that Mr Nattawut hardly ever includes the South in his impassioned speeches on equality and social justice, despite the glaring, continuing, worsening situation down there.
I'm gonna go take a nap now.
James strode down the gravel lane, smiling at the pie pumpkins in the garden . . . waving at Zeke and Eva Detweiler and the two buggies of younger Detweilers following them–including the carriage he’d designed to accommodate young Joel’s wheelchair.
And yet there is also sadness.
Window measurement includes the length and width of the opening. When dealing with the width, measuring windows at the top, middle, and bottom of the frame will provide you accurate measurements. When dealing with the length, measuring windows from the top of the opening to the shelves gives you the exact height that you need. However, you need to make sure you leave space between the windows and frame in case you want to put up some decorative hardware.
ii. required by national legislation or regulation, in order to combat money laundering and terrorist financing.*
Body Heat
From a very windy and totally not nice day, only conselation, lol, is that we have a public holiday today, so got some stuff done, not much i am afraid, lacking the energy................hehehehe
Never forget
Overall rating 2.91 out of 5
Sets and Costumes: Meh. The exteriors look great, though.
Will gain new strength (mentally and physically);
The assumption all along was of a sex set-up. But the new evidence (a lot of which, by the way, is hearsay and supposition) points more towards a hacking operation about which DSK had been tipped off. The fact that he was in New York when he found out (having already become suspicious) is probably irrelevant: what does however seem very likely is that the phone was being hacked by French security and/or the UMP.
The vet that came to us last night was expecting her to still be out like a light from the heart attack, but was met with our own dilemma, as by the time he arrived she was up, walking, looking a bit rough around the edges, but for a senior dog who according him is “super old for her size” (I still don’t get that.) she’s awesome. Yep, heart murmur. Yep. Cancer. Yep. Everything we already know. He didn’t want to put her to sleep either, especially when she was awake enough to go and nag for food. He believes she is still with us, although he feels its very soon, she’s medicated, she’s well looked after, but he is going to talk to her regular vet & make sure we have someone to phone over the holiday season. I’m going to make sure too by phoning on Monday.
“When we look at the WAC, the MAC, the Sun Belt and the others we compare very favorably to what they are doing,” Cobb said. “So we decided that if things change dramatically we need to be prepared.”
As regards the motion to disqualify Mr. Justice Padilla, the Court is of the opinion that it must not be considered, it having been presented after Mr. Justice Padilla had given his opinion on the merits of these cases. As we have once said “a litigant . . . cannot be permitted to speculate upon the action of the court and raise an objection of this sort after decision has been rendered.” (Government of the Philippine Islands vs. Heirs of Abella, 49 Phil., 374.)
What if City Councilman James Davis had not been killed? What if AY opponent Letitia James were an insider, rather than an outsider, in Christine Quinn’s City Council? What if James’s rival, AY booster Errol Louis, had been successful in his efforts over the years to get the seat?
Well apparently it is, because I have never done it, and I know a lot of other fellow rappers that have never used drugs. So get used to it, rappers don’t do it anymore.
Of all the solo work the former Stray Cats members have done since they disbanded, to me Lee Rocker has been the most rewarding, album wise. While I like most of Brian's band stuff and look fiorward to his forthcoming instrumental album, Rocker has never strayed far from his rockabilly roots. Without a doubt, his Live album is the best any of them have done as solos. This new release is a 6 song EP of songs he grew up with. He sums it up best by describing the album as “a rockabilly record, it’s not really a country record, but it’s something in between.” Whilst the new versions might not be earth-shatteringly differenent from the original, the double bass and acosutic feel, together his harmonicas, banjos and dobros gives them a real, feel good, earthy feel that make this a more than justifiable exercise.
My husband gets uptight when we're together. We went to the movies and I sat between my sister and my husband. My husband bought popcorn and I thought I would offer it to my right. As I handed over the bag, my elbow knocked against the arm rest and my hand went numb. I ended up spilling a portion of the bag into my sisters lap at the very same time she was saying "No thanks." The movie was starting and we were giggling as she sifted through popcorn in her purse and lap. My husband groaned which tells me he's annoyed by my antics.
'I don't want to live like you. I don't want to talk like you. I'm going to be like me'.
“Do it with your mouth if it’s that day of the month”
MARIANNE: They say "115 guerrillas," and it means nothing to us. But each one is a man, and we don't even know who he is—if he loves a woman, if he has kids, if he prefers movies or plays. We know nothing about them. All they say is "115 killed."
How I wish.... but if anything has come out of the last few months then its this realisation of passing time, of age, of the impermanence of everything. and of thankfulness for what we've had.
Quite by coincidence we ended up eat next door to FAO Schwarz [link, and check spelling], so we had to go in. Nabeela asked a member of staff about the giant piano – from their response it turns out that they get asked about this quite regularly (Tom Hanks in Big plays one in that scene). We found the piano, and it turns out that it’s free to have a tinkle on (no, not that sort of tinkle). So off Nabeela went – that’s the most exercise I have seen her do (bless)!! She spent ages on it trying to perfect the tune whilst trying her best not to slide off it (you can only go on with socks) and trying to not kick too many children (ask her if she succeeded or not). She developed a bit of a following too, well, two girls in the 15-25 age-range that were impressed that Nabeela knew the tune and were watching her for a bit. Here’s a link to Nabeela playing it (ok, maybe not yet – but I’m working on Nabeela so that she’ll let me put it up!). I’d never seen Nabeela so happy…
My son will just DIE if he doesn’t get a Soda each week. At least that’s how he acts about it. But I’m happy to see that he’s motivated. He doesn’t get to drink soda at home and very rarely at restaurants, so I have no gripes about it, as long as he doesn’t have the opportunity to down it just before I pick him up from school.
Before we get to the cards, sadly we have to say goodbye to our lovely GDT girlies Tracy and Sally who have been with us for the last 4 weeks. Thank you so much for being part of our team and for sharing your work with us. And there will be a brand new GDT joining us next week :)
Well, you know the rest.
He continued: “He has certainly taken the pressure off the players, which always helps.
ourselves heaping plates of pesto with shredded parmesan
This great image was colored using ProMarkers. I decided a 6 x 6 card was most appropriate for this image so that I could showcase the details. I added some pink sheer ribbon and bow. The sentiment is from Stampin' Up Teeny Tiny Wishes.
What Jan Bird is careful about is “putting our young buddy with a big buddy who I know is going to be a good match”. Obvious.
Adam Sandler’s his/her “comedy” Jack And Jill had the dubious honour of setting an all-time record at last night’s Golden Raspberry Awards – by winning all ten categories.
3G : Requires HUAWEI E1750 Dongle available separately
A camera of some sort goes with me everywhere, and by living and working here in Carnegie, plus a good bit of walking and bicycling the subject of my photos is often my little town.
CUTIES.
She brings the necklace to life. You can see how it will hang. It seems clear an additional picture taken on the Empress will show a potential customer how a necklace will look when worn.
1/2 cup grated Daiya (Mozzarella or Cheddar)
1 everything's
God sanctifies time once again.
Location: Itta Bena, MS
The Rebel Angel series is fantasy at its best and will be enjoyed by teens, young adults and adults alike – it is a true “crossover” novel. I am told, there are still two more books to come. If you’ve not read Bloodstone, hurry up and get it, but be sure you’ve first read Firebrand. I can’t wait to read the next book in this remarkable series so I find out what happens if the Sithe world collides head-on with the full mortal world.
my second child, which was 17 years ago.) I did a
Wondering what a ‘Circle Sweep’ / ‘HAARP ring’ is? Wondering how the weather can be manipulated using frequencies? Here is a great place to start:
Via Tom Waits.com: The disc is Waits’ first studio album of all new music in seven years and refines the music that has come before and signals a new direction. Waits, in possibly the finest voice of his career, worked with a veteran team of gifted musicians and longtime co-writer/producer Kathleen Brennan. From the opening horn-fueled chug of “Chicago,” to the closing barroom chorale of “New Year’s Eve,” "Bad As Me" displays the full career range of Waits’ songwriting, from beautiful ballads like “Last Leaf,” to the avant cinematic soundscape of “Hell Broke Luce,” a battlefront dispatch.
I have a love/hate relationship with holiday shopping. On the one hand, holiday shopping is a pain: the crowds, the traffic (that one's new to moving to LA!), the same five Christmas songs in every store, etc. On the other, I really like buying gifts for other people, and I still much prefer going to the store to do it. I don't often have specific things in mind for specific people, but instead I really love to browse and see what's on offer.
One of the things I love about blogging, is the sharing of information. My friend Jamie, saw the post about peeling garlic and gave me another great trick for peeling it.
Pre-Pageant Night
December 26, 2011 Monday
Hope to see all my scrap friends soon!
*This is one of the images included in the book and one I found myself turning back to often.
- I am sent the original NPWS site photos taken in 1983 , after examination I found evidence of the glyphs being added to after the photos were taken - see article here
The biologist: "They have reproduced."
I have no clue how J Guy made these sounds. Literally, no clue. But man, does it sound cool.
Did you have a nice weekend? We just returned from Phoenix where we met a group of friends to watch some baseball games for spring training. It was the first real vacation we've taken with my three year-old twins (excluding family visits) and they held up remarkably well -- we were worried. Anyway, it was nothing but sunshine, warm weather, with some baseball, beer, and hotdogs thrown in. Not a bad way to spend a long weekend.
The campaign finds John Marston trying to help find a cure for a plague-style disease that has hit the area and is turning the deceased into flesh eating Zombies.
Sex At Dawn: The Prehistoric Origins of Modern Sexuality, by Christopher Ryan & Cacilda Jethá
INCOME - I haven’t really discussed my income during my posts on my budget reviews yet, however it should not be overlooked.
The launch games are numerous and on the whole excellent. FIFA Football will delight any fans of the franchise and no doubt some PES gamers will be lured in as well. Uncharted is the undoubted launch king though, and you really should think about picking up a copy at some point – we hope the price comes down soon.
Episode 3 begins with Gai announcing the presence of the Undertakers to Japan and their mission statement, and then basically never really feature in this episode. Instead, we get whacky high-school antics! The guys all go on about how hot she is! And then she moves in with Shu and whacky ecchi comedy happens! Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah
My parents owned 3 houses when I grew up… (Never content with the house they were in, they kept buying a new one, then deciding it wasn’t big enough, then buying another. They did it again after I moved out.) The 2nd of those was in a neighborhood called The Heights, in Lake Ridge, Woodbridge, VA. I lived there from age 4 til age 8.5, right at the start of 4th grade.
Bring the soy sauce and honeyed water to a boil.
Big Insurance
The carnality, temporality, and partiality that characterized Moses’ system is now superceded by that which is spiritual, eternal, and complete.
Ink: CTMH - Black
"Up till now," he said very quietly, "everyone I've ever loved has either died or gone away. Now my last brother's gone, the best of all of us. And so I'm king. And from this day on, so help me God, I'm going to keep the people safe, and I'm going to keep you safe. I will find a way. No matter what it takes."
My simple answer: it’s not.
Admiral Leon A. Edney, USN (Ret.)
“I think DEC is going to stall them, and that should be a long process,” said Quintana.
Their number keeps decreasing.
The multiplayer is entirely set in 2025. That was the first thing I asked when I talked to folks who had seen the game: is it both 80′s and 2025 in MP? So it’s 2025 and in my opinion, Black Ops multiplayer was so perfect, there’s really nothing more Treyarch could do in that timeperiod. Then again, despite the time periods in Call of Duty, you always pretty much have the same weaponry and perks. I just want my napalm and my attack dogs in a Call of Duty. Surely Treyarch can put some half-animal, half-robot dogs to attack players in Black Ops 2 MP? Please keep in napalm as well, that was an awesome attack and tool in the multiplayer as you could limit enemy movement with it. Also, took me about three prestige levels to realize you could turn the napalm attack to start whichever way you wanted…
Filled with evocative images of Southwark Park festival, old pubs and strip clubs, and now much-changed scenery, the shots cover life in the area from 1971 to 1980.
I love teaching plot and story structure. It's so easy to lead into details and main idea. Here is how I teach it:
Change it up and be creative. Most importantly, HAVE FUN!!!
These rich unscrupulous preachers do this knowing that those who wrote the Bible by the inspiration of the Holy Spirit suffered and died martyr’s deaths. Yet they think they can make a Bible with their name on it then tell us what each verse means? Words written in the blood of those who wrote those words.
Well, I have been finished Christmas shopping for a while. Around this time every year, I like to sit back, spend time with my family, finish all of my Christmas Concerts and of course, indulge in some scrapbooking, cards and tags!
National Research Council. (1987). Safety issues at defense production reactors. National Academy of Sciences, Washington, D.C.
Lately I’ve become, somewhat disturbingly, aware of the increased conversational frequency I have with my cat. Before moving to Germany (…looks down to count fingers) eight months ago, I spent roughly 9 hours a day, five days a week surrounded by other humans in a florescent-lit place commonly referred to as Work.
The German Institute for Industry Standards (Deutsches Institut für Normung e.V) is working on a standard for patent valuation (“Grundsätze ordnungsgemäßer Patentbewertung”) together with Steinbeis in Hamburg, whereas banks are working on a standard to valuate IP for financing purposes. None of these initiatives have led to a worldwide standard yet.
Boy 1 (screaming): TWIIIIIIINS!!!!!
1) My favorite color is gray. I don't really like flashy things. I like gray. It's nice. It's simple.
You probably won’t believe me, but the universe conspired for me to make this recipe. :D
Some of the squabbles in the ruling tripartite alliance are about spoils and patronage, but others are about policy. There are divisions over whether "decent" jobs should be placed above the need to generate more jobs. A growing minority is beginning to question the deployment policy. Others would like to have a professional civil service instead of one subject to ministerial whim. Racial policies are now also becoming a source of division, as we saw last week with Trevor Manuel's public attack on Jimmy Manyi.
Love should not be a criminal offense.
And I wondered if my pregnancy would come up at the party. I’m showing, but wore a loose enough sweater that if you didn’t know me, you might not notice, or probably wouldn’t say anything just to be safe. But as we walked in the door, my friend was there, and her mom was right behind her. She introduced me to her mom and told her mom I was pregnant. Sure enough – her first words were, “Is this your first pregnancy?” I said "no, it’s my second. But my first baby died." I struggled to get the words out. I started crying. I’ve been rehearsing this in my mind, because I know (in most cases) I want to tell people this is my second pregnancy. But this was the first time I’ve been asked, and I wasn’t expecting it when I walked in the door. The double whammy of seeing this one year old baby girl, and being asked about my pregnancy. And my poor dh – he wasn’t expecting any of it. He doesn’t look at this girl and think of Acacia. He probably wasn’t preparing for any pregnancy questions… so after we left the party (fortunately it was quite small) he said he was exhausted. Me too. But I thought later – I wonder how it was for my friend’s mom to hear of our loss, as I remembered that she had a son who committed suicide (I don’t know old he was, high school or college age, I think). From what little I know, his death obviously shook his family deeply. On a side note – I’m curious to ask this friend (who I know her husband better than her) how she answers the question when people ask her if she has any siblings. Does she acknowledge her brother? Guess that’s more about my own obsession about how to talk about death, but I’m still curious how she handles it.
How Far Along: 19 Weeks
Today has definitely been a lazy day, which is perfect for reading and relaxing. I'm not 100% sure why last week was so difficult, especially since I've finished up my online classes that kept me so busy at night, but it was one of those weeks that seemed to never end! On Friday, I wanted to shut the door to my classroom and just walk out on time, but I decided to stick it out and get my giant stack of late and absent work all put in the computer and a stack of projects all graded. As much as I hate that, I love coming home to no big project hanging over my head.
Ed Pauls, inventor of the NordicTrack cross-country ski exerciser, died last month at the age of 80. He patented his ski machine in 1977 (US 4,023,795). Pauls was not the first inventor to conceive of an exercise machine that simulated skiing. However, his design was small and portable enough to be used in most homes.
Another small loss on the scales brings my total loss since the start of the year to 3.5kgs - 1.2kg since starting the 12WBT. That is already half way to my goal weight, so will continue to chip away at it!! Hope everyone has had a sucsessful week!
Second, you must have a sign prominently displayed in your intake area with the following notice, in ten-point boldfaced type:
My husband always tells me that I turn into Norman Bates from 'Psycho' when I am rehearsing for a play as my character takes me over a bit (he nearly moved out when I played Lady Macbeth!).
And perhaps that is why I love you; that is why I cannot let you go. Because I might have sex with all the guys in the world but it is only with you that I make love. It is only with your touch that I feel commitment. It is only with your gazes that I feel connected. It is only thru your kisses that I feel that you leave a piece of your soul into mine. It is only thru our physical entwinement that I feel a cathartic self-forgiveness, an unbreakable vow. It is only thru “us” that I feel the very binding of my soul to yours into a one new being
I am no faerie Queen, Alas
While You were Sleeping ... LMN ... 2 PM
OK, time for a slight shift in tempo and mood, with some sprightly avant pop in the form of “EP” from MARY OF EGYPT. Lots of piano with soft airy harmonies that betrays a slight folkish element. Even though they’re from Brooklyn, I could imagine a track like “For Zina” being played on a Kids TV show from the BBC in the ’70s. For fans of Icelandic krútt pop.
I know that maybe this suggestion may make some people shout at me about its unsuitableness or tell me that this actually does mean I have some vitamin deficiency, I don't care. These spots/cracks/whatever they are, are painful and annoying and I want it gone asap. And, I'm not the only one this works for, my mother and sister swear by it too and a) we can't all have mouth herpes b) my mother is always right so there. I don't want to think too deeply about how the Holmes family discovered this nappy rash cream works so well (I'd like to point out it used to just be a normal unspecified cream...) but it does so give it a go xx
To Iris, Mariana “screamed asylum more than school.” Her journalistic nose senses something sinister within its walls, and her hunch is proven correct. A powerful secret society called Prisom’s Party rules the school. Prisom’s Party gets students expelled and even teachers fired. What would Edward R. Murrow do? She asks his ghost this question, and he answers her.
I am really trying to be optimistic that this time around my blood pressure will stay under control, that maybe I won't have to be induced, and that I could just go into labor on my own. I would really love to go into labor on my own. All three of my kids were induced because of blood pressure, so this would be a miracle. But I am hopeful!
Malema, donning a black beret, said the government must return the land owned by white farmers to its people.
* President Obama’s breaking his promise to make faith-based organizations comply with federal anti-discrimination law as a condition of getting federal money;
In the UK, where the phone booths are iconic but increasingly irrelevant in our age of cell phones and mobile devices, James Econs took an abandoned booth,
I had some time with Middle last weekend.
Think to yourself what love means to you. To me, it’s an eternal dream.
Paul is, well, very, how do we say, Nationilist!(That's not even a word, is it?) And wasn't a bit upset about my joshing of this other canditate. He did however get quite irate when I set the same jocularity on his fave choice as our first person. (I love 'rising him' as we say here!)
Below are the 3 projects. The layout is a page of Joe's first day of Nursery school. It is a very special page for me as it was a big turning point in our lives and meant Joe was growing up. I have some hidden journalling on the "Confidential" tag and this is where I expressed those thoughts.
I love you. I really do. And while many people treat you like the red-headed stepchild, I must say this: You have a monopoly on new starts. Hands down.
You can’t see the actual scene very well at all – the podium is set up just below the screen in the photo above – but you can see him on the big screen above, along with the whole crowd around us cheering and clapping for him.
...the blogger then writing as Alphonse van Worden characterizes a tension between mimesis and metaphor in literature that comes to a head in 1848 ...
ME: I walked because I can’t find the same jeepney I ride every afternoon.
Me: Awww... why?
After the baby naming ceremony yesterday, Sulemanu took me back home and I had a little more to eat. A friend of Joan’s named Esther had brought over some foufou with jamajama leaves. It’s a fairly bland dish that they say doesn’t really have a whole lot of nutrients but just fills you up. The foufou is made from corn flower that is mashed, boiled in water, dried out, and boiled again. It’s white and has an almost matzaball soup like texture. You eat it with your hands and break the foufou up into smaller pieces and scoop a little bit of the jamajama leaves with it as you eat. Most of the people in this area seem to be fairly healthy although some are definitely malnourished. Bob says that’s not because they don’t have food to eat but rather they choose to eat the cheapest things they can make or find, like foufou. It’s simple and very lacking in nutrients.
I realized life can end at any moment and I knew that when my parents are gone, I’m next in line so I better have lived a full life before the day comes when it all ends.
"Some drivers have not been following these guidelines. This causes problems with access for other vehicles."
When we walk in the streets too we’re all freely
My godmother, Kimmie, asked how close Paul and I are to getting engaged. Truth? In about a year and a half, I would guess. She’s very excited about that, which is very nice.
Sam Donavon has been James’s best friend—and the boy Sarah’s had a crush on—for as long as she can remember. As their forbidden relationship deepens, Sarah knows she’s in trouble. Quiet, serious Sam has decided he’s going to save her. Neither of them realize James is far more unstable than her father ever was, or that he’s not about to let Sarah forget her half of the pact...
birds chatter
but whoever it was
In this book Wallander is involved in a case that affects his own family -- his daughter Linda's boyfriend's parents. The boyfriend's father, who lives in Stockholm, is a retired naval officer, who disappears, and, because of the family connection Wallander gets involved in the case.
Sat. 7:00 a.m. - 6:30 p.m.
As the Circlemakers are known for their sense of humour, they might just be saying that we, the people of the British Isles, despite introduced Vedic wisdom and several seasons of implicit teachings and clues from crop circle mentors, are–in consciousness–still psychically hanging out around our own base chakra, i.e. our heads are still up our kundalini tail.
Until she started to pay. She had them ring up these shakes in a group of five, then she would pay…then another group of five…then another exchange of money. By third or fourth transaction, there was a line of partons waiting behind her to pay and they had actually began encroaching in MY space…and my issues with people violating my space are only surpassed by my issues with public restrooms.
At this point, Picard’s acolytes are flying all over the States. One of them, Hugh Dufour, came to my attention when he opened M.Wells, a quirky and crazy popular place that began with erratic hours and did only breakfast and then lunch (I read that lack of liquor license was the hitch on the dinners) and chose a location in an off-kilter corner of Long Island City Queens, NY housed in an old metal diner. As soon as the drooling reviews started pouring in, they closed, adding to the allure (word is there is a steak place in the works).
This recipe is incredible. So good, you won’t believe until you give it a try. It takes just a few basic ingredients—add nutella and you have a dreamy delight that yells to be devoured. The only downside is the number of pounds it packs—it’s seriously high on the calories. So if you are calorie conscious, make smaller servings in small mugs so you can share it with others. I’d suggest doing three small mugs
The Decline (or just Dramatic Change?) of Art and Civilization in General
1. Don’t eat carbs after 7pm.
And am I willing to go first when appropriate?
THE forbidden signs appeared at about 10:25 in Video 2 (as shown in these screen shots) There was NO penalty for bad-behavior, but this Conference was too powerful to be shut-down so score A BIG ONE for the speakers!
My only connection with Prince William is a conversation reported verbatim by my niece, one of whose friends was campaigning for a post in the student union and had the temerity to approach the People’s Prince for his support while he was with his pals in a pub. “Go away you dirty badger” he cried, to an approving chorus of braying from his peers. I still don’t know what that means, but it does illustrate an important truth about these people: they might as well be from Mars, and why we waste any time thinking they’re relevant in the least to our lives or worth a single thought, unless that thought be how to get rid of them and have a independent Scottish Republic, is quite beyond me.
'Falling into Spring' is an EP with just five tracks, but they're all crackers. It's maybe her register or the east coast accent that reminds me of Beth Orton (I know, her's is west), but this is lighter and less plaintive. I've never met these two and have no axe to grind, but I reckon I'm putting a good tip your way in suggesting you visit this link and have a listen. And if you like what you hear you just click the button and for the price of a pint or two the thing arrives in the post, and you can shoot a line to your pals and you have the sound for this summer's braais and a collector's piece to boot.
Cupcakes. They liked it so much, 24 of the rolls were done
Paul testified in Acts 27:23 that he served God. I find this enlightening that the word “serve” is not from DIAKONO or in English “deacon.” Nor is it DOULOS meaning “slave”, but rather LATREUO, a worshipper. Therefore, as we go to church on a given Sunday morning we are in a worship service.
- ...especially two sizes too large, with the extra tail tucked down over again to dangle grotesquely like some rat-tail-codpiece.**
The testimony of former Metropolitan Police officers like Andy Hayman and John Yates before the Home Affairs Select Committee did not answer the questions as to why the initial investigation seemed so ham-fisted.
223 Chuck Woolery
I look forward to just getting back to quilting!
I’m not going to take for granted los dos besos.
I would like to say a big THANK YOU to all those people who hosted me on my Western Mysteries Blog Tour and especially to my stalwart Stagecoach Driver, Douglas. Nina Douglas, that is. Yes, Douglas is a Girl. (above)
In this little journey, I have been wanting to try a hair mask. I found a few on Pintrest.com, so I decided to try one out. There were several different ones, and I had the ingredients on hand for one. The recipe called for one avocado and a spoonful of mayo. There were some funky recipes. Like one called for eggs (gross!), another called for honey and olive oil. (I might try that one next... maybe) Anyways... I mashed up an avocado and mixed in several spoonfuls of mayo with olive oil in it because mayo is actually really good for your hair. I mashed it all together and put to goop into my hair. I set the timer for 20 minutes and then washed it out. It totally felt like guacamole in my hair! It felt really gross, but it was totally worth it. (I cant imagine how gross eggs would have felt. gag) ﻿
1 restore
“Who is we, Juniper?”
I imagined your future,
Staff questioned the decision. Children cried. We stood our ground.
Slow simmer for 2 hours.
all becomes quiet
One day at a time i can see you took my life this far
Even though Beinart has made himself a lightning rod for criticism from the right over the past couple of years, there was some undercurrent in this one article that I couldn’t quite identify.
for the pace
Red Bull have been alleged to have clever engine mappings, cutting down to four cylinders at larger throttle openings at lower revs. This could either have the effect of a softer power delivery for better traction, of greater exhaust flow for more downforce at lower revs. Red Bull and Renault may still be finding ways to gain performance from exhaust mappings and these mapping have been investigated the FIA and shown to be within the regulations.
It wasn't working!
It is strange… strange and a little uncomfortable, the art of Justin Novak. In his own words he explains it like this:
This is our final week discussing the topic of leadership. I have received some very interesting comments on leadership this month. Readers shared great stories of leaders who changed their lives in a very positive way. Readers also shared stories of leaders that negatively impacted entire organizations. One reader told me about a CEO who essentially caused the collapse of an entire company. Leaders have significant influence in the success or demise of organizations.
Cape gooseberries are pretty fun, because they’re hidden little gems. Each one is wrapped in a thin papery husk…
by, Abby.
So… that’s the general info on what I do! My position encompasses everything from accounting, event/party/conference planning, e-mails, schedule management, answering phones, and so much more.
The ducks repeatedly dived down after sunken food, going completely out of sight for a few seconds ,before bobbing back up like a cork.
Before prayer, it is necessary to cleanse oneself with a purification ritual called “wudu”. Wudu is the ritual cleaning of certain areas of your body before prayer and is needed so your prayer will be accepted. Basically what you do is first have your intention to cleanse for prayer, say Bis-Mi-lah (in the name of God), and start the ritual. Its as follows:
Oh, wait. It is December. Help!
I read to them, a book about chemical engineering for kids, and what they liked most about it was how the brother in the story let his sister do something all by herself even when he may have wanted to help her.
Hello, Carly, great to be here on the final leg of my blog tour. I hope this last post makes sense – I admit, it’s been a bit crazy, writing six blog posts in six days. Apologies in advance for any dodgy grammar, I promise not to smash up my ‘guitar’ (laptop) in a final ‘gig’ frenzy!
Line muffin pans with muffin paper cups. Fill cups two-thirds full.
As January wore on, my suppliers were getting nervous I’d not paid them yet. I kept telling them the insurance cheque would arrive shortly and then they’d get paid. A few, but not many, put me on hold or COD and that made it all the more difficult to service what little business we did have. I called the life insurance company late in January asking when the cheque would be coming and they told me they were waiting for the police report to arrive before releasing payment.
I live in a beautiful part of the country
Once someone has received energy from the free session I'll be able to send energy to them if they're in a disaster area to help them get through difficult times.
So why is it so empty?
Taking shopping trips in the city helps this, as I must force myself to converse with others for this or that item, such as this parchment and ink I am writing you with. Most of the shopkeeps are polite enough not to ask too much about my appearance; it is a dreadfully awful conversation to have to explain to someone that yes, I do look blue and yes that is my natural skin color just like those Night Elves. I must bite my tongue to not ask if they have always been so pink or brown, for that would leave only a negative impression upon them.
Here it is, going:
We decided to just grab the delivery room bag and get out of the apartment, make our way to the main boulevard and try and find a cab there. I knew if I was moving, I could ward off the labor. I put my mind in "TRY HARDER" mode, shut down my labor as best I could, got my coat and shoes on and headed out into the snow. For me, this was actually the easiest part of the night, trudging through the ice and snow 1/2 mile up to the taxi stand in St. Germain des Prés. I had to stop a few times to go through a contraction but the icy air felt good on my face and at least we were MOVING towards the hospital. Everything was doable again. Until.....
Pleated wool trousers: American Apparel-- $20 marked down from $75. Really warm and great for fall. Totally worth trying them on sans dressing room in fully lit wide open space bustling with somewhere around 200 strangers.
“I’m leaving you Roger. There is a plane leaving tomorrow for Cairo. It has a one way ticket. I won’t be returning.”
My grandmother was a homemaker and seamstress; most of her public sphere duties manifested in political activism, support of the Church and delivering faith-based marriage and family counselling along with my grandfather to others. She sang me to sleep for my daily preschool naps accompanied by church bells ringing to the tune of Ave Maria in the background (they lived in a Catholic, Francophone, 300 person village with a church and parochial school across the street from a general store/gas station, only a handful of houses down from theirs). She had tea parties with me under drying sheets on the clothesline, on my blankey, with Playskool cups and saucers…pinky up! She taught me how to can goods and preserves. Unfortunately, she insisted upon putting ringlets in my hair whenever she got a chance and blamed tables for hurting my knees when I, by running in the house, ran into them—“bad table” (not “naughty girl”). I became her human dress form and muse (though sometimes her affection for shoulder pads or The Sound of Music had me clad in all too boldly patterned play clothes). And the rest of our relationship, until her death, was conversation, support, and guidance based; she was also a Dawson’s Creek fanatic when I was supposed to be the intended and obsessed audience so we had many a debate about who future-Mrs. Scientology should ultimately choose.
I thought he was unctuous and oily and servile and I'm really glad my contact with him was limited. He's just not my kind of person, ya know? I like my people to be more... human. With feelings and stuff.
The original site for the post below is about to go offline, so I'm reposting the following article. I hope this will be eye-opening and will compel those of you who've been waiting to stock up to stock up now while you still can. If you don't stock up or add to your food storage now, but decide to wait until later, you might not get what you need when you need it.
to enjoy them while I could.
…NERN GULF/GA TO CAROLINAS/MID ATLANTIC CST THIS AFTN/EVE…
Yesterday I bought a new vacuum cleaner for our house because we are going to bring our old one to work to use outside on the deck, but when we plugged the new one in it blew the master fuse in the house! Something's definitely wrong with that... I'm going to take it back today and try to explain that it's broken in English to Greek speaking sales assistants. Wish me luck! Actually most people speak a bit of English here... one of the reasons I haven't gotten past the basics of Greek myself yet. I'd rather be learning Spanish... Greek is so hard!
I'm excited to show you today's project. I played with stamps and fabric, together with embroidery. I used an usual piece of white cotton fabric. It was too white so I dipped it in some tea to age it a bit. The images I have used are from ching chou kuik's collection from sweetpea stamps. They are called Nostalgia and Spring luna from plate #30.
And the last one is a simple black knit version of the wrap. I lowered the neckline a bit too. The lavender one is appropriate for kid school things, and this one is good for everything else. ^_^ I gotta say, I love sewing knits. I always make the regular seam and then serge it, because I like the control of knowing exactly where the seam is. I shall try to make a top by just serging, to see if I can do it… and I also need to fiddle with my serger adjustments so I can do a lettuce hem. I am thinking of doing that for those floaty little sleeves. Also, I have the twist-front view all adjusted (Yes, I totally did an FBA on that pattern, it is crazy looking! I will take a pic) and all ready to be made up in my coral with gold fleck knit tomorrow a.m.
These competencies were also part of the course goals for the semester. Through various work assignments and projects I feel as if I am been able to build upon the concept of each of these competencies and take away certain concepts that I will be able to use in the future for other classes and in my profession.
Springfield, Massachusetts. My last visit here was 33 years ago when I came here to apply for a job that I didn’t get. I would certainly have led a much different life had I lived here. But I’m not going to have time to wander the streets here — in any case, the hotel staff warn me not to. As a New Yorker, I wonder about this. Downtown where the conference is held empties out around 5 pm, like many cities in the USA, but not like New York.
The 1960’s was part of that larger war, marking the struggle to end Jim Crow, the century-long regime of American apartheid (Vietnam was, in my opinion, related but secondary). The end of apartheid was a second humiliating defeat for the forces of the conservative "South" at the hands of the liberal "North", and it subsequently gave rise to those decades of distorted and irrational politics you so deplore, as the reactionary and fundamentalist forces regrouped and mounted yet another rearguard insurrection against their liberal "oppressors", culminating in their partial ascension to power under Bush...
3–5 June 2012
I really don’t need another cookbook, let alone one about chocolate, which I really should give up after New Year. It’s highly unlikely that I would cook many of the recipes in the book but I have a birthday present of a £25 Amazon gift voucher to spend. And it’s gorgeous. But I could spend the voucher on something a lot more useful.
I'm a beginning couponer. I've used coupons here and there in the past and I've watched more episodes of "Extreme Couponing" than I can count, but that doesn't exactly qualify me as an extreme couponer. I've been SO frustrated lately with how expensive it is to grocery shop. I have a new love for cooking and even when I try to buy food that I can use for more than one recipe, it's still expensive! Don't even get me started on household products (I will go on a rant about paper towels and toilet paper if you let me!) So, I've realized that it's time to jump on the bandwagon and work my way up to extreme couponer status.
“Glorification of Muammar Gadaffi, his regime, ideas and his children is punishable by a prison sentence,” according to the text of a new law read out by an official.
True fucking story.
-Died fewer than 5 times per level (I cheated by resetting heh)
Backpack to carry Dynavox/braces/shoes: 13 lbs
So this week, rather than pop packets of Trill in unsuspecting shoppers carts or wheel the trolley around the corner leaving them thinking they were going mad, we decided to have a mushroom fight. This involved picking up the ones that had dropped on the floor and throwing them over the tops of the aisles to land on the poor, unsuspecting shoppers below.
David followed behind her. Back in high school he used to love this kind of stuff.
If you're American, then, it's completely possible that you will not only have stumbled across Dora Hall vinyl in a junk store, but watched a syndicated television special of her singing with Frank Sinatra Junior amongst other guest stars. So relentless was Leo's pushing of Hall's career that he gave her records away free with plastic drinking receptacles, both long-playing and seven-inch, funded television programmes with her in the starring role, and generally considered no expenditure too much for his other half and star in waiting. What the Executive Board members of Solo Cup made of all this is anyone's guess, especially as the constant manufacture of free records must have put a sizable hit in the company's profits.
1/2 cup oil, I used rice bran
First Prize winner of the 2008 Naumburg International Violoncello Competition, David Requiro (pronounced Re-keer-oh) has emerged as one of today’s most promising young cellists. After winning first prize in both the Washington International and the Irving M. Klein String Competitions, he also captured a top prize at the Gaspar Cassadó International Violoncello Competition in Hachioji, Japan, coupled with the prize for the best performances of works by Cassadó.
And lots of other people dancing onscreen with him were Peppers also. So wouldn’t you like to jump on the bandwagon and be a Pepper too?
The lace and pearl trim
Face to Face – Children of the Aids Crisis in Africa is an important book that manages to instruct us while tugging at our sense of humanity by showing us the devastating impact of Aids on its littlest victims, the children of parents and family members with aids. At the same time, however, this breathtaking, beautifully photographed essay gives us hope for the children as well as for the future of AIDS treatment in Africa
Week 9 – Week of 04/21/2012
Hermel went back to persuading Bantum not to touch the plate. Bantum was still quite focused on turning the plate just as he envisioned in his mind. He could hear from the chicken at his feet an almost ethereal sound, “Cluuuuuuuck-cluck-cluck-cluck” very quietly. He so very much wanted to turn the plate he could not resist it. He picked up Dr. Chickenhiemer and began walking toward the cave entrance.
In an important ruling, United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit held that the District Court correctly held that the Section 512(c) safe harbor provision (Digital Millennium Copyright Act) for service providers requires “knowledge or awareness of specific infringing activity”, but vacated the order granting summary judgment because a reasonable jury could find that YouTube had actual knowledge or awareness of specific infringing activity on its website.
“I had a paper route when I was a boy. Did you kids know that? Did I ever tell you about the route I had when I was a boy?”
British accent. I need to acquire one. I’ve met quite a few bloggers now that live “across the pond”. There is one girl in particular that can say the SAME thing I do, but sounds so incredibly innocent and sweet while saying it. I am the exact opposite, so even acquiring a little may be a huge benefit.
Maybe I'll even get some back.
As you read this book, please ask your faith questions. Read about how parents and professionals learned to ask questions, wait, and listen. Consider the answers they have discerned and their suggestions about how to find comfort and courage in God’s Word. When you are ready, try out their ideas about how to pray and use Scripture to hear God’s answers to your hard questions. The thirty-day prayer guides in appendix A are designed to help you engage in conversation with Him.
To bring into perspective how prevalent an issue suicide (or even just the ability to survive after one’s career) is in the NFL community, take a few seconds and visit GamesOver.org, a nonprofit organization that is dedicated to providing transitional resources to benefit retired athletes. On their site, Games Over shares a list of the ten biggest challenges facing retired NFL players. A stat that stands out from those challenges: “the suicide rate for active and retired players is six times greater than the national average.” Six times. Six! Absolutely astounding and sickening.
-RKO on the chair! 1..2…THREE!
It's not a requirement, but I really do feel one has to approach glam with - there's no way to say this politely - part of their brain shut off. What I mean is that it's fun, campy, often funny...but don't expect Dylanesque portraits, Daviesian commentary, or Zappaesque humor. It's fun to listen to and play along with, but the real draw, as for its cultural relevance, was the outright willingness to do a piss-take on gender roles. Mick Jagger was, at one point in time, considered macho - this was before the studded velour jumpsuit he donned on their 1973 tour - and guys like Robert Plant, Roger Daltrey, Rod Stewart, and on down the line were the beautiful faces of the men of rock and roll.
I giggle to myself thinking “doesn’t that mean a side of ice-cream?” Which I think it does but it also means “fashionable” in French.
* There is an underground river under our lane (and very possibly our house). This was discovered as mains sewerage was being installed in the village for the first time in 1962.
This is how the Dar al-Islam expands, and Dar al-Harb dwindles.
It's a bit of an eclectic list of "best in life" moments but that's what I've got today. I'm feeling frisky, melancholy, fat, and motivated all at once and I'm gearing up for a trip to Ikea. Whatever. I'll hunt ducks on Wednesday then we'll have Turkey day here and I'll go look for deer on Friday. Could be fun. Maybe the brothers will want to chase quail with me. Who knows.
Albert Einstein once said “Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I’m not even sure about the former” Well it looks like he had these people in mind when he said that. Wajinga ndio waliwao kwelikweli!
WHERE: Enderun Colleges, McKinley Hill, Taguig City
And they all grinned happily ever after. The end.
Shelley
Mimi slowly removed her hand from his.
Here's a little closer look... I used homemade paper, that I dyed and colored with Ranger Distress Inks. I really loved how this paper worked in the end, as it was so light and easy to fold on such a small scale. Since you need five of these per flower, I just wasn't happy until I got it down to an 1- 1/2" square. I have seen some made with 2" squares so you just have to see what fits for your card.
Fueled by her family's murder years ago, Dr. Marlena Bender has devoted her life to understanding violent criminals. But when a serial killer in this small Southern town starts taking the lives of women in diabolical ways--leaving trophies of his kills on Marlena's doorstep--it all hits too close to home. Terrified, Marlena turns to the only man she can trust...the man who saved her life.
using another darker colour, you would need to outline your spots! So basically, you need to go according to the random shape of your spots and outline it! But of course, you do not outline them completely. You would need to break them up into 2-3 parts. See below!
Jun 22, 2011, 2 comments 3,256 Pageviews
“She says she has been asked out on more dates in her three years in the country than in 20 years in the city.”
The DP I used is from K+Company's Raspberry Fizz set (surprise, surprise, I know... ) the card stock is from Recollections. The grosgrain ribbon is from my stash. I love how Gwen is looking over her shoulder... so sweet. There is some light blue coloring all around her, but it wouldn't show up in any photo I took. I would love to have an airbrush or light blue ink pad to make an awesome cloud background that I always see. Those are cool!
So yours can't be one of the boring ones. You want your sample pages to POP! like comic book onomatopoeia. You want them to grab the agent by the heartstrings or the guts or the eyeballs and hold them without bail. You want the agent to have the same excited feeling after reading those pages that you had after writing them.
The child couldn’t have brought sexual abuse on themselves. Far too many people including the media have taken apart the Sandusky trial and in early reporting focused solely on Joe Pa, the Head Coach, and all the people who knew about it.
After the Chevrolet Volt has been under an NHTSA investigation, not too long ago, because of a potential fire risk on its battery pack, influencing its sales targets, the “green” model is once again placed into the spotlights, in another negative light, because of a problem with its XM satellite radio. Even if this might seem like a minor issue on the Volt, the fact that it was investigated by the NHTSA because of a fire risk, adding the problem with the satellite radio can only decrease the model’s sales.
He directed his attention to Ember who touched the side of her mask, her eyes a shimmering cat-like yellow. She giggled lightly.
And this brings me back to Linda Bauld's abomination. I didn't write about her effort when it came out because it didn't get much media coverage and everything in it had been debunked long before the document was published.
At this point hes dragging me up the stairs
Good-by now, rum friends, and best wishes. You got a good mag (like the pulp-heads say)… -Norman Mailer, letter of resignation (rescinded), 1960.
In all the time they were together, Legionaire's Disease Band only released one other record, a four song EP in 1985. Their first single had sold out quickly and was repressed by Lunar Lab in an undetermined quantity. Jerry had given them the original 8-song master tape and authorized the repressing of just the two songs for the single. But several years after the band broke-up, Lunar Lab took it upon themselves to release the entire session on LP, despite Jerry's request for them not to. He believes it's not their best work, and in fact, their best material never even got recorded.
for my glitter title i cut the word together using my slice machine out of brown card stock. i first adhered it to my layout and then covered it in a layer of dimensional glaze. then sprinkle the glaze with glitter and leave it to dry for a good 15minutes before shaking off the excess glitter. a perfect glitzy title to get you into the holiday mood...
How’s it going? (ed note: Sullivan had to call back like a quarter hour after the first call, saying there was a plumber situation going on). What’s this plumber thing?
"Any violation to any of these conditions will result in my men tracking you down and hauling you back here for a proper prosecution.
After looking over our post-draft roster, I’m realizing that the Dolphins are full of up and coming young talent. Love him or hate him, the depth chart below tells me Ireland has done his job, now it is the new coaching staff’s turn to use these guys correctly in battle. I give Ireland credit for avoiding huge mistakes in paying too much in free agency for washed up guys hoping they will translate to success.
I say all this to say that I have a new compassion for you all. I am concerned about your faith. Because whether or not you’ve come under attack yet, at some point I am confident that you will. And when that time comes, I as your pastor want to have done everything I can to strengthen your faith so that you can stand firm for what you believe, confident in the Gospel of Jesus Christ. In short, I want boldness to come from understanding.
Mix this masala to the rice with hot ghee.
Synonyms: obscure, private, secret, hidden, inner, mysterious, mystical, mystic, occult, arcane, cryptic, inscrutable, abstruse, recondite, cabbalistic (notice the similarity to our A term: arcane)
He is God, I am not.
But no, Michael is a total killjoy. Things happened TO him while he sat there like a grumpy log. He had absolutely no engagement or curiosity. The situation was all "ooooh scary noises! Randomly shattering mirrors!" and Michael was all dispassionately "Uh, no. I'm sad my mom died. And why do I need to stay here again?"
But the most annoying thing on the night I was robbed along Airport Road after leaving Ara’s home in Ajao Estate was, I saw a Rapid Response Squad (RRS) patrol pick-up and narrated the story to them and noted I know where I was robbed. They took me to the spot, but across the road and stated that, ‘”that’s beyond our jurisdiction and we cannot make arrests there,’” then I kinda wondered, if I was being clubbed, will these lazy fatsos just sat on their hands and do nothing? So much for Rapid Response!
Universal Studios 10k - 12/4/11 - 1:18:17 (with friends)
has a new set of door shrines that are being released this week. There are three different designs--one with a traditional door and 2 with fancy cut out doors. To celebrate the release I was asked to create a little piece with one of them and of course, I picked one of the fancy ones.
What have you finished lately?
Picket fence and heart cut with my cricut expression - My community and Wedding carts
MEAGHAN RATH: The themes of this season are temptation and desire, and that’s what we’re all tapping into. It does take us down a path that’s dangerous for ourselves, and for the family we’ve created together.
Paul: who can say - probably some racist
I started watching The Cape shortly after it aired, through On-Demand. From the early ads I saw for it, I was convinced it was supposed to be some gritty realistic take on vigilante costumed heroes, riding on the last bits of popularity of The Dark Knight, as a bad TV show written by people who don't get comics. The commercials really portrayed it that way and that was Problem #1. I was ready to hate it. How can you reach your target audience if your ads miss them completely? (Also of note. I was at San Diego Comic Con and didn't hear anything about it there.)
“Ice hockey is certainly on the way up as a sport. It seems to be cyclical as a few decades ago it was down in the dumps, then it rose then it went down a bit but the Elite League is starting to pick things up again. In Glasgow the Braehead Clan are certainly doing a good job. They’re getting larger crowds now than a lot of Scottish First Division football matches. When the Clan are getting a bigger home gate than Partick Thistle, something must be going right.”
So, what’s going on? Is Victoria in the grip of an epidemic of assaults and sex crimes filling our jails?
Much of my life is affected by something from the brain of Steve Jobs, I've been an Apple devotee for over 12 years now, and I see no sign of that ever changing. The technology that has passed through the doors of Apple is the most innovative, user-friendly, stylish, and enviable technology that I've ever had the pleasure of using, learning about, buying, informing people about, and ultimately, selling. Apple is one of the most amazing companies I've ever worked for, and some of my hours there have been the most entertaining and interesting hours I've had in the past few years. I'm thankful for that, and all that Steve Jobs has done for the world, may he rest in peace.
The brooch with an eye on some of the articles of clothing caught my attention and of course I had to figure out what it meant.
See the lovely steam?
"Okay, let's go grocery shopping."
This time we are very lucky to have a special sponsor for this challenge, hope you're impressed by what they have to offer at their store, we are!
Before they headed home we asked our Londoner friends for some suggestions. Within walking distance of the Savoy, I was tempted to give its Grill a try, not only because of my unfailing love for Chef Marcus Wareing's recipes but because of The Grill's bargain Sunday set menu deal. My London friends swiftly put us in our place. "You'll never get into the Savoy without a jacket and a tie."
And Anna was also given a jade bracelet which I don't have a picture of... I'll take one when she wears it next for sure!
so I don’t want to hear any screaming when you see a stiff, ok?”
But two separate studies have proved that is not the case at all. In fact, just the opposite. If you do weight training and aerobic activity on the same day, you can do half as much of each and still get the same results you would get if you did a full session of each.
“Neither party is blameless,” Obama said of the nation’s debt. “Both parties have a responsibility to do something about it.” Envisioning a way forward, the president said, “We need to put aside our differences to do what’s right for the country. Everyone is going to have to be willing to compromise. Otherwise, we’ll never get anything done.” Obama advocated a “balanced approach” to cutting the deficit that “goes after waste” and “makes some serious cuts to worthy programs” that wouldn’t be made “under normal circumstances.”… – CNN, 7-23-11
4) Remove from heat; add vanilla.
Their eyes are keen on spotting a hole and their hands are nimble!
After years of writing and adding to the book, I realized that it is constantly evolving and new experiences get added every day. Now I am not saying my life is filled with bungee jumping, gigs at Glastonbury, finding my soul mate (and then losing them) or even travelling to the moon, as a daily entry to the book. But rather noting down moments that have in some way or another enhanced my life.
Not that labour relations have been left to the self determination of union members. The corporate state has regulated trade unions to the point where action is legally hedged around to the point of being almost ineffectual. This has resulted in a dramatic fall in union membership.
‘Hey Boss, where’s my payslip. What’s so difficult?’
Then garnish with grapes.
Let me start by stressing that I was somewhat involved in the anti-Apartheid struggle in South Africa, and knew people who were far more involved. One of my late friends Andra was a South African psychotherapist, who treated some of the victims of torture by the South African secret police, and one of her friends was assassinated by the latter. I have no illusions about Apartheid. Like almost everyone else, I celebrated the overthrow of Apartheid, and the relatively peaceful transition to majority rule without civil war. And Nelson Mandela is one of my heroes. This was approximately what my ‘free Nelson Mandela’ badge that I wore in 1969-71 looked like, before anyone much knew who he was. In the humor of the McCarthy period, I was a premature anti-fascist:
No matter how bound you are, Jesus is yet able to deliver you and restore you. You don’t have to be a prisoner of war.
UPDATE-Just added as our guest will be Former Norfolk State University QB and current Penn State Assistant Coach Kermit Buggs
In the last 2 weeks I have become affiliated with a few agencies in the area to do some movie work (we all want to be Stars) and have actually received an offer for a one days work on a project here in Las Vegas, due to prior commitments was not able to be a part of it, had to refuse the offer, now I wonder if they will call me back for future work.
This is another topic suggested by some of you when I asked for new blog ideas. What is that old saying? Be careful what you ask for, you just might get it. Any way, I got it and will try to enlighten. Can anyone sense a chance for controversy or maybe dry humor? The complete suggestion was about demon possession and oppression. Because those words are long and difficult for me to type, I will blog about what I think you need to know about demons.
Finnish composer Kaija Saariaho is one of the most influential composers of the late 20th and early 21st centuries. Her signature style was largely influenced by her years studying in Paris at IRCAM, where she learned unique techniques to blend live music with electronic effects. Here, she uses elevated speech and soaring melodic arcs to convey her heroine’s rumination on life and the universe, from the tiny new life inside her womb to the vastness of interstellar space, as Émilie struggles with her place in a universe larger than most of us ever contemplate.
So who exactly is Cheryl Bormann? Would you be surprised to find out that she comes from Cook County Illinois? Yes Cook County, the cess pool from which Obama, Soros and the Marxists draw their minions. Here is her Linked In profile. Her current field is described as such, “Criminal defense of complex capital cases involving the application of international, war crimes, and constitutional law.” Cheryl Bormann has both experience in international law and constitutional law? Obviously, her views on constitutional law I assume run along the same lines as Obama. Anyone who is an expert in constitutional law would know that international law means squat to America despite the Globalists best attempts to bring it into our courts. We were attacked on our land by people who were criminal invaders in this land having overstayed Visas and such. I worry that Cheryl Bormann may want to bring international law into the court, which would keep us from the justice we would have putting these vermin to death cause the majority of the world does not practice capital punishment.
knotted yellow ribbon
And the twice told fields of infancy
(a first century prayer of thanksgiving from The Teaching of the
I am hoping to finish something, anything (!) this Saturday, so watch this space!
as we kiss
I have a hard time using hand sanitizers. I have eczema and the alcohol dries my hands out! Sometimes I even get those itchy little blisters between my fingers. Not fun! I love Scentsy’s fragrance foam. Its soft and gentle on my hands. Allergy seasons here and I’ve been sneezing up a storm. I work in a doctors office so I touch, and handle things frequently in front of the patients. Its really embarrassing. I carry some Scentsy fragrance foam in my scrub pocket and use it to free myself of germs. Not only is it gentle. It smells fabulous! If your like me and suffer from scentsitive skin, its alcohol free and kills germs without drying your hands out!
It doesn’t End here! The Alphabet challenge has opened my mind up into topics I previously wouldn’t venture. I have a few notes wrote down and would appreciate if you visit again and check out my work in the future!
I am in love with my Summer of Nostalgia.
instead. I dont know about HAPPILY EVER AFTER... But I know about happily Weetzie bat thought."
Well just waiting for tonight’s big football game: Italy – Ghana. I want to see if Totti is back in action after his injury earlier this year, and if Italy will be as good as they can be and have a better luck than last time around.
Turned stick-up kid, but look what you done did
I was lucky enough to be able to surprise my friend with a "Kick Ass" award tonight. Yes, it's a real thing. With a trophy and everything!
Not only is our breed under constant attack from animal rights activists (who either want to see the practice of docking tails banned entirely, or those that want to limit, restrict or outright BAN the ownership of Rottweilers completely), but our breed, and our breed's standard, is being tossed aside and ignored by owners, breeders, exhibitors and AKC judges, who choose to totally disregard the standard in relation to the tail being docked.
The other had been affected by a blood condition that caused HOLES in her LEGS!!!
The story of our dear Megan Grace is actually a timely one for today since we will be presenting a scholarship in her memory for the 3rd time tomorrow!
Half the curtains that separated cubicles were soiled, some with blood - and the system for changing them was not working.
Dad's first car was an Armstrong, and
Anyway, here’s the letter that prompted my musings. Stay safe! — Lenore
Just wanted to take the time to brag a bit, toot my own horn if you will. I have been pretty lazy as of late posting awards given and tags but this one was so cool I had to let the sunshine in. The brilliance that is GreenJello, which despite her picking the nastiest flavor of jello for her blog name, is an awesome blogger, nominated one of my lines of my blog to be on Blogtations and guess what? Yep they actually put it up there! So go on over there and check it out and then go on over to GreenJello and read her stuff she is totally awesome.
Ever faithful to God and her family, St. Monica bore her crosses with patience. In this respect, she reminds me of St. Helena who also overcame great adversity.
Lucky mo-fos, that's for damn sure!
Anyway, they actually seem to have put more time into this explanation of their campaign than the actual campaign itself, because it's already over:
The escalation in violence is presented as an inevitable development of the worsening of the ‘sickness’ of the gang, and especially of its leader Chuck, so that their actions become more violent and reckless. Brackett lacks the kind of insight into an unusual or ‘disturbed’ mind that maybe Robert Bloch or Patricia Highsmith would have brought to the subject and reading this book won’t help you understand, even if fictional terms, how something like the Trayvon Martin shooting in Florida could happen the way it did. It basically follows a pattern established in films of the 50s like The Wild One (1953) and Rebel Without a Cause (1955) and in fiction by the likes of Evan Hunter’s The Blackboard Jungle (1954), which look at the phenomenon of youth violence in terms of generational conflict. Here the point of view is exclusively that of the adult and if not especially revealing or penetrating, none the less the narrative is very smoothly handled, moving from one suspense sequence to another and leading to a traditional shootout which is certainly dynamic and very cinematic in its treatment.
2. Stamp three images on neutral paper, stamping feather twice. Adhere them to the layout! (I lightly colored my feathers red, since our mascot was the cardinal.)
THE 50-POINT SCALE
One that I grew up on.
After two years with the department, Darby Kernan, Assistant Secretary of Legislation, has accepted a position with the California State Senate working for Senator Darrell Steinberg on public safety issues. Aaron McGuire will be replacing her effective April 2, 2012. Mr. McGuire’s previous assignment was working in Governor Brown’s Administration as deputy legislative secretary.
A little background is that I have been praying for someone to come to church for many many years, a few weeks ago this person came to church on their own and it was awesome and I was so excited. I know that God is using me to help her. I take every opportunity He provides to do that. Today was something special. She came into town and we were talking and I offered to go to recovery with her. She gladly said yes. So I went to school then met her at the church. The whole time before hand I am just praying that God speaks to her and through Steve and that if its His will, this is where she will find her peace and comfort.
for Patsy with drawings by Bonnard although I do
Gottlieb notes that there are more than 30,000 state and local governments and 7,600 taxing authorities extant in the nation. As we know, most states are in serious financial difficulties, often as the result of government worker unions with which they have signed contracts that provide bountiful retirement and health benefits.
David Lee Roth’s inevitable 2007 reunion with Van Halen suddenly put the band back in the spotlight after nearly a decade away (VH’s ill-fated attempt to carry-on with Extreme’s Gary Cherone replacing Hagar). The reunion tour, in which the band played nothing but songs from the first six albums, was one of the most successful of the decade, which would never have been the case if Roth hadn’t split back in 1985. Long-time die-hards could look at this as sort of a vindication, an argument that the Roth-era Van Halen is untouchable, and the band simply picked up where they left off in 1984.
Several minutes later, Sucker Animal Person (SAP), snoring in bed, hears a shout. "The cats got outside!"
A: If you can't tell a story with a beginning, a middle and an end, as well as a clearly established main character who takes an active role in that story, then all the pretty prose and wink-wink allusions and meta playfulness will not save you. The other side of that coin is that if all you have is some high-concept plot but you forgot to attach it to three-dimensional characters, depth of language and depth of insight, all you really have is wrapping paper over an empty box. You don't have a novel, at least not as I define one.
You’re imperfect just the way you are.
Damages
Lighten up!!! Literally.
Today, seeing the photo of the three sisters (above) reminds me so much of the love and warmth of the children.
ACTOR TYPE #3: Bad Actors.
10.Squonk 6:51
Jodi
He is growing up before my eyes.....
This is my technical view of the SP-500. However, I’m flexible and will adust my counts and views accordingly as the waves develop over minutes, hours, days, weeks, months and years. I showed a couple alternate views on the future over the weekend one being the expanding triangle playing out over the next decade and the other being a falling wedge droping down to about 400 by 2012. We are certainly at a critical junction for my primary count as shown. As we move through the balance of 2010, it should become more clear which view is correct.
My one concern for this novel is that it seems to have “middle book syndrome.” You know that so much more is going to happen in this series, but this novel is merely a stepping stone to get there. It is a bit slow going, but there is a lot of development occurring in those passages. There isn’t a lot of action in the novel until the end, but the end definitely leaves you anticipating the next book.
For bloggers, of course, the character of Duncan is a particularly compelling one as he is an example of what might be if we get a little too carried away with all this reviewing nonsense. His attempts to become an authority on something most people have moved on from long ago have eaten away at his personal life like a cancer, sabotaging his relationship and effectively stifling his career. His efforts backfire when he attempts to be too clever with his review of Crowe's acoustic album, and...
Spray paint
Oberst
so me staying home is a dual pledge. him to me and our children to be the person we depend on to provide our financial and emotional base. me to him to be able to rely on him with everything i have. in some ways, my insistence on continuing my career was my last reservation in this marriage. the last roped off area of the life from before I knew him. And I'm scared but I believe in him. And he believes in me. And I'm walking through the door he opened.
Both kids got new bike helmets this week, Isabelle because she needed one and Corban because he may not necessarily need it yet but he likes to do what his sister does. He loved the helmet so much, he wore it around the house. Reading can be dangerous, I guess, so make sure you wear a helmet!
Levi, a creature of the night, turned by a rogue vampire, has become obsessed. Obsessed with his first “feast” that lived through the attack. Levi, though not evil, is a tragic villain from what has happened to his young, human life. But he can’t get Jared from his head. He is always on his mind. And his taste, always on his tongue.
So it doesn’t take a genius to figure out that you probably shouldn’t post all sorts of inappropriate comments to boys where your Mum can see it online. Apparently my otherwise bright child missed that memo.
The Path of getting There, is Spiritual Path - a path worth walking.
The irony?
Solo career
We hope that you’d be kind enough to leave a comment. Your feedback is important to us.
3. He believes he is special and should only associate with other special people.
The recipe recommends you tilt and rotate the pan while tapping on a table to release the loaf. I just carefully ran a knife around it. Flip the loaf over onto a cooling rack, then flip onto another rack so that it’s right side up. Spread the top of the warm cake with the cream cheese icing, using a pastry brush to fill in all the cracks.
I make my melts in bulk, because they are so popular and they don't last all that long once you've discovered how divine they are. If you want to make smaller quantities, just use the same ratios as below:
First, this beautiful one in pink, grey, and black cotton print has been on my list from the beginning. In addition to being pretty, it also looked comfy and wearable, not to mention easily washable.
on their waists, jugs of water... and I,
Going to make a couple of stretch bracelets to go with this one / stacking
“In 2000, one of the key pioneers of this new charity fundraising method, Dialog Group Chairman, Andreas Leitner, decided to expand the concept in the UK, with the launch of Oxford-based, DialogueDirect UK. As well as providing face-to-face and door-to-door recruiters, the company decided to widen its services to include an in-house data processing and customer relationship management facility.”
Pat: I just hoped the book would be a huge success and that the relationship would continue for years, as the book continually found more readers and sold more copies. It sold some copies over two years, but after that, like most books, it disappeared from view. I had talked to them about the possibility of Behler putting out an e-book of Tornado Siren when they first started coming out, but they weren’t interested at the time.
101. Watching rain drops race down the window pane with Cody
Maybe the relish with which you wield your panga knife on that innocent carcass is a form of stress relief for you, I don't know. But what I do know is that I am fed up of finding out that my meal is more bone than chicken and, not only that, but getting shards of splintered chicken bone stuck into my gums with every tentative bite.
I had a lovely afternoon today, having finished seeing patients a bit earlier than expected. Somehow I managed to get home early enough to check a few blogs and remember that today is the last possible sign up day for Tracey Clark's class on black and white photography. No more time for waffling around.... and made the decision to go ahead and sign up for the class, which I did. I had promised myself that I was going to take some time to go over to the park and walk a bit ( taking my camera of course) so did have time to see that the first days prompt had been LINES , and I was also very excited to see if I could find some interesting flowers for LeAnne's third week of her new meme, Flower Art Friday, so off I went, camera in hand. By this time, it was later afternoon and the shadows were very nice on some of the places that i had been thinking about for my black and white photos demonstrating lines. Love these little bridges in the woods of the Dallas Nature Center Escarpment, and it is always fun to walk across a bridge, wondering what is on the other side. My poor husband who came along.... thinking we were just out for a walk. He always forgets all of the interesting things that you can see when you have your camera along. Suddenly though, as I was walking in my black and white world, out popped some very interesting color...... and there was my "flower" for FLOWER ART FRIDAY. Have you seen anything that looks exactly like this before?? I thought it was so lovely, and decided to share it even though it is not exactly a flower. Does anyone recognize what this is?? I am sure that some of you must.... It is actually a garlic flower, and the scent was just..... well, it smelled exactly like garlic, so very glad this blogpost is not done in 4 dimentional mode. I thought though that it was so delicate and lovely in its little patch of sunlight. Planted in amongst the flowers to keep out the insects who are persona non gratis. Also had a bit of fun adding Bonnie's wonderful texture which she offered this week for Pixel Dust . This texture is called, AUTREFOIS , and you need to be sure to stop by Pixel Dust and check this out, as it is a great texture, and was perfect for these blossoms. So will be sharing today with Photo Art Friday, and Flower Art Friday, both great places to visit, so be sure to check them out. Oh, and even though I really don't have the spare time right now, I am excited to be in Tracey's class for black and white photography, and look forward to improving my black and white work. So bye for now, and have a wonderful day!!! Don't you love how you see so many interesting things when you have your camera!!!!! So Much fun!
Modern steam beer, properly known in the brewing community as California common beer, was originated by Anchor Brewing Company, which trademarked the name Anchor Steam beer in 1981. Although the modern company has corporate continuity with a small brewery which was still making traditional steam beer in the 1950s, Anchor Steam is a craft-brewed lager. The company does not claim any close similarity between it and turn-of-the-century steam beer.
There are few polishes I get - indie or otherwise - that I know I will use all the time and will need back up bottles of. This is one of them. I immediately knew that not only was this going into my permanent collection, but I needed back up bottles ASAP.
I made a few cards using the MFT sketch #69 from last week.
For what? I know its getting harder by the day to recognize but we STILL DO live in America…
It was stuck in a little corner nest thing. It would flap frantically when it saw me but it couldn’t get away, and I was like OH NO! Whenever it stopped it was always hanging limp against the wall so I’m thinking oh God, somehow the nest twine stuff is caught around him. because how the hell else would he be hanging that way.. like if it was his feet then I’d think give up no flapping upside down.. but anyways.
We could go mad. Perhaps we already have.
“Colleen, I love you, but I can’t even pretend to be interested in this.”
"But it is not, in any sense, equivalent to the Bible in the life of their communion. Subscription to its teaching is not required for membership or ordination. While the Book of Mormon is sometimes used for worship, there are parts of the COC that seldom refer to it."Read the entire article here
Psalm 22:14
On paper, the new Dervish QV7 is a terrible pen. However, on other surfaces, it’s excellent. It draws exceedingly well on orange peel, bricks, sponge (both kitchen and bobsquarepants), chips (US and English), fannies (US) and bums (UK). Granted, if you ever attempt to write on a piece of paper with the QV7, it will fall apart, but as long as you remember this it should serve you well. I highly recommend it for scribbling an insult onto a potato and throwing it at a nearby Jesuit.
love lots of colors, especially earth tones.
sitting around more because it hurts to stand and my legs would go out and i would fall, and NO running (i tried, i fell, it hurt!)
I first saw Maria Bamford on the Tonight Show something like 5 years ago and was blown away. I'd never laughed so hard at a from-out-of-nowhere comic. Soon after, her Comedy Central special aired and I fell in comedic love. That is, love of a comic, not funny love. On her next trip to Austin, I went to see her live with a couple friends and we suffered extreme stomach and facial muscle ache. That's a good thing. We make it a point to see her every time she performs in town and my Tivo is set to automatically record all her appearances. I actually sat through more of Charlotte's Web 2 (a sacrilege) that I ever care to again because Maria was the voice of Charlotte's daughter Joy. Ah Tivo, you show me more minor guest appearances than I ever thought possible.
The City Clerk was paid $100,898 in 2004 - $7,000 more than the Worcester City Clerk. Worcester has 25,000 more people than Springfield.
I just need to fire up my old Facebook account so I can find all those mean little kids that tormented me years and years ago.
Good god!
I find this to be interesting that there is so much to do about a brand name of a rum that is embargoed from the United States, Is there something that is in the making that may finally lift the embargo on sales and maybe even possibly travel between the United States and Cuba? Just wondering, ;o)
There is no significant difference between the normal and severe clusters. Notice from the plots that there is a large overlap between the normal and the severe clusters as shown in figure 2.
Jessie J – Domino Lyric
still contemplating weather or not we should refinance our home.
For more information give us a call at 612.226.8044 DESIGN . INSPIRE . SELL
Cervecería Cuauhtémoc Moctezuma, S.A. de C.V.
When I was in college I got a part-time job as a campus police dispatcher. It paid well and I kept it for a long time… and years later, when the kids came along and my expenses increased, I went back. Being a police dispatcher gives you quite a different perspective on what law enforcement personnel have to deal with day in and day out, even when it’s a college campus. Thankfully, college campus crime very rarely involves homicide, but years ago I had to send officers to one and it remains very vivid in my mind. In the psych ward of the college hospital, one crazy patient stabbed another one in the eye with a pencil and killed him. Yeah, pretty awful… but I’ve found learning the other side of law enforcement has given me valuable perspective over the years. It’s a hard, often thankless job, and I try and give police officers the proper respect for the difficult job they do day in and day out.
Sprinkles
I still need to tell you about Gallery 108 art walk or crawl on Friday night. And show you the featured window artists.! Next time.
Penny also has two big bay windows that she decorates w/quilts. I sure hope you enjoyed the little 'tour'.
Just stupid. So I call on whoever sees this to boycott Sam Adams Beer for being un-American and generally ridiculous, for having no sense of humor, and for generally sucking. And, while you're at it, tell them they suck and that they should drop this idiotic issue before they get even more negative press than they're already getting from it.
We’ve got it all! And ALL at a price you can’t beat!
3/4 cup icing sugar
My route had to revolve around access to water. It wasn’t clear where I’d find drinkable water in the park. The cabins have water, but you need to filter it before drinking it, and I didn’t want to bring a filter with me. So, I planned to carry what I needed and turn around when I got low.
The Power Of Love - The Pigeon Detectives (Huey Lewis N’85)
3/4 cup ketchup
strong pitch and show that your content is up to the expectations of this audience. Each post here averages about 3000 hits, but one mediocre post can permanently lose some of that audience for us. You’re asking us to take a risk. Convince us you’re worth it.
Next time, the president’s speechwriters should be more careful or more honest. Or do they want their boss to be known as the plagiarist-in-chief?
Now that we've restored what passes for order around here:
Whilst breathing deeply.
Make the spiced yoghurt sauce. Place the 2 cups of yoghurt in a bowl and whisk well.
Deputy Richard Boyd Barrett: ￼ ￼ Could you ask the Minister to stop barracking me, a Cheann Comhairle?
On the other hand, none of us will say, “I wish I’d spent less time in prayer, Bible study, witnessing, and in church.
I can hear my Savior calling,
The Ward 10 alderman was one of two votes on Tuesday against a five-year contract with Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield New Hampshire to run the city’s health insurance books. The other was Ward 4 Alderman Jim Roy.
Each day, set out on the journey of healing as the Master did in His time on earth. Be interested in all peoples coming across our path as Jesus was! A well-timed letter, a loving phone call, a short visit to a sick bed – all these can effect a marvelous healing in the lives of people about us. Nothing will give our own hearts so much peace and consolation as our efforts to be healers!
Relucantly, Red-Head puts her blouse back on, and then closes the suitcase.
The final thought is this one:
My arms hung limply at my sides, and it felt as if all the air in my lungs had been sucked out of me. I don’t remember for certain if I said anything. If I did, it would have been, “Oh, my God.”
you when my pday is. pass this email along and tell everyone I love them
Needles size 8 and 9mm circular and size 9 DPN's
* Your new thing lately....you call me Nikki.....you still call me Mommy but you'll break out the whole "hey Nikki" if I don't answer you!
"These figures clearly indicate that demand for patent protection is on the rise again, after the economic downturn of the previous two years", says EPO President Benoît Battistelli.
Stamps: Stampin Up
Photo Courtesy of New View Tours
I just shrugged “Well she ain't drinking. My mum don't drink.” And then I was set free.
4 Police cars
I progress to massage your stiffness in an up and down, up and down hand motion as visceral sounds rise from your throat.
Because I know that there is a large population of people that feel loved/appreciated through words of affirmation and through acts of service, this year for volunteer appreciation we had “thank you” cards printed with our theme (Celebrating the Magic) and an open space for each supervisor to write a personal thank you. With the help of a great intern and Volgistics, we identified each volunteer and their supervisor(s). I hosted two “card writing” sessions, furnishing bagels and coffee, for the supervisors and had them come and write on their volunteers cards. The benefits of getting the supervisors together in this way were somewhat of a surprise to me. They shared stories about volunteers with each other, they asked me questions about how to “deal” with different volunteer situations and they were able to get tips about how to show appreciation to their volunteers.
So I flew back home to be with my mother. I got there Monday night, and it was Tuesday morning when she died. My brother and I were in the room with her at the time, and her husband Pete. I’d been singing to her, hymns and worship songs, and reading the Bible to her. She was mostly unconscious while I was there, and had COPD (later an autopsy revealed breast cancer that had metastasized to her lung and kidney). She was gasping for air the whole time. She had just turned 78, two days earlier.
And if that mockingbird don’t sing
Since pregnancy cannot be regarded as a burden, but in fact it is a blessing, a woman who passes away whilst in the process of delivering, is given the status of a martyr.
Can it get any easier? You can stir your chocolate to coat the kettle corn a bit more, that is what I did. It is not as pretty as if you just leave the drizzles of chocolate but I was a little impatient.
flowing down hills and lush warm valleys
Next week, Torta de las Tres Leches for Hanaa's husband. I am trying to keep an open mind about a cake soaked in nearly five cups of full cream and skim milk, cream and condensed milk. I just keep thinking of those soggy tomato sandwiches from my school lunch box. Gag. I am sure it will be grand, maybe not so much for the lactose intolerant!
Making the post-secondary debate about ‘free’ education misses the point then, because it oversteps the idea that the crux of the matter is that public education needs to be accessible to all, regardless of ability to pay. There are lots of creative ways to achieve accessibility: you can charge tuition fees based on ability to pay; you can offer low-interest loans that sunrise after 10-15 years; you can make re-payment based on post-graduation salary; you can offer financial incentives, as New Brunswick does, to graduates who stay in the province post-graduation. In other words, there are dozens of ideas better than ‘free’ which make education accessible while still creating a level playing field that ensures equality of opportunity and maximum competitiveness. As tax-payers we need to see the collective benefits that come from strong world-class universities while making sure we get the best bang for our buck and demanding that subsidies be targeted to those who most need them, not those who least need them. Let’s not be free, therefore: let’s be smart.
The world of advertising and marketing couldn't be more different. If enough loudmouths say the same thing enough times at industry conferences or in trade magazines, facts are born. These "facts" are rarely if ever validated and they are often repeated ad nauseum in meetings and conference rooms.
Evelyn, her mom, and her little brother lived in poverty. As a child, Evelyn would often catch her mother sobbing alone in the kitchen, clutching bills she had absolutely no way of paying. Desperate to escape her wretched homelife, Evelyn used to read fairytales and wished with all her heart she could be a princess.
but then that is not to say we are all forfeiting our attention span to the services of distraction, but it could be said, that half of all developments in time are numberless realms that transfer awareness to another deliberation of nature, our natures, that we have not yet come to terms with
Dog Sports: Flyball
Lo and behold! After just a month without gluten, my intestinal issues made huge progress. And even more impressively–and completely unexpectedly–my asthma and allergies also disappeared.
7A. Northern German Altbier
Lightning is a bit reluctant to go but after smug, arrogant Formula 1 racer Francesco Bernoulli (Turturro) – a clever reference to the principle of fluid dynamics which is part of what makes the modern automobile engine work – insults Lightning, its game on.
But the Ultimate Opportunist isn’t just going to lie down and he takes the fight to the Deadman by levelling him in the corner but the a big clothesline takes the champion to the floor and then Edge’s neck is snapped on the ropes.
It’s a technic.
Remember Dr Hyman’s “Diabesity” (3-13-12), well I bought the book and got online and contacted his people, took the tests he offered and got a bonus or two which are nice. When I looked into it all, It is a lovely plan, but I have stepped so far down the raw (uncooked) path, I’m frankly not interested in taking up another another “way” of doing stuff, when what I’m doing is working pretty darned well. They have their supplementation things as well and I’m not into that for now. If one receives from food all that one needs, why supplement?
But when she stepped off the plane—when the wall of heat hit her—she was back in familiar territory, could not wait to get out of the airport, down to the docks, catch the ferry and get back out on the water again.
Elder John A. Widtsoe said: “Motherhood may be exercised as universally and vicariously as Priesthood” (Priesthood and Church Government, rev. ed., Salt Lake City: Deseret Book Company, 1954, p. 85).
So, what has happened here… two brands, one sell insurance and peace of mind, the other sells Portuguese chicken! You ask what do they have in common? Nothing…. Except…
It's not like I'm getting back-alley LASIK, for God's sake, where some wino just goes at my eyes with a rusty screwdriver. Have a little faith, people.
see how the snow drifts down, look how happy
The majority of Earth’s peoples don’t know that plans are carefully being made for some crews to land and be officially welcomed, or that these strangers will be bringing their technologies to assist you in cleaning up the planet.
I wanted her to be there and.to.pray.with.me. It wasn’t a major thing. But it was something I didn’t want to do without – the beauty of communion and shared love for Jesus, the vocalising of trust in His provision.
intertwine in the soft,
This morning’s trip to the dentist for a filling replacement, therefore, seemed more promising than usual.
I am one of those people who finds it challenging to practice spirituality on a daily basis. By practicing I mean having a dedicated quiet time or daily meditation practice. I have learned some good techniques to avoid the worst pitfalls of the day (e.g. deep breathing instead of losing my temper, listening instead of trying to fix) but I am not making the progress toward “Enlightenment” that I want. Or am I?
In these 35 hotspots, the researchers found 3,202 languages – nearly half of all languages spoken on Earth.
Tuesday wasn't horrible; I was actually able to focus on things in the office. Granted, we weren't in the office all day, we had some errands and things to take care of as well.
I said yes and thank you, and just like I’d been hearing from the speakers before me, I introduced myself with words that would also become a regular part of my life during the next six months:
10) Before writing YA and children's books, I was known primarily as a writer of adult fiction. I recently released my first comedic novel for adults in over three years as an ebook, which you can find on Kindle, Nook, Apple and wherever ebooks are sold. It's called THE BRO-MAGNET and I hope you'll give it a read. You can sample the first 30 pages for free here: http://www.amazon.com/The-Bro-Magnet-ebook/dp/B006KYQ36U/ref=pd_rhf_dp_p_t_4#reader_B006KYQ36U. It's about an ultimate man's man named Johnny Smith who's been Best Man at eight weddings but what he secretly longs to be is a groom.
burned to the ground
1 container whole milk Ricotta cheese (15 ounces).
Once again it's time to realise that, beyond taking the normal precautions and the application of reasonable common sense, we have little control over what happens in the world around us. Nature does what it likes, irrespective of our needs and wishes, shit happens and we are not impervious to the consequences. If you start worrying about possible negative futures, you are probably also able to invent any number of afflictions which may (or may not) happen and worry yourself senseless about those. A fitting quote by the author Mark Twain, goes:
Sorry for all the details… these are just a few highlights, key points, characteristics of our struggles, symbolic issues that haunt us in our pursuit of peace. My connection point for us today is this… for Israel (Old Testament – children of Abraham by blood) and for Christians (New Testament – children of Abraham by faith) the path out of our bondage, out of our old ways, out of the wilderness is through – past and beyond the physical and symbolic barrier of the city of Jericho, and ALL that it’s existence represented to them and to us.
When looking at IMDB the synopsis is as follows: “A British college student falls for an American student, only to be separated from him when she’s banned from the U.S. after overstaying her visa.” and I would add, “discover the difficulties of a long distance relationship” which if I remember correctly, somewhat mirror what the Redbox description displayed. So it sounded appealing enough, let’s have a go . .
This line did exactly what a first line should do: pull the reader in. I'm 80 pages into Tallerman's debut from Angry Robot, which has given me a perpetual grin so far. More about it as we get closer to the January publication date.
Most holy God, the ground of our beseeching, who through your servant Julian revealed the wonders of your love: grant that as we are created in your nature and restored by your grace, our wills may be so made one with yours that we may come to see you face to face and gaze on you for ever; through Jesus Christ your Son our Lord, who is alive and reigns with you, in the unity of the Holy Spirit, one God, now and for ever. Amen.
'Look for a small one, Daddy, do!
“It’s a fantastic opportunity to own such a personal piece of memorabilia from the future King and Queen.”
The Pentagon “partially concurs” with the GAO’s report.
I had been in a real life cockfight, and lost.
maroon and magenta;
Similar experiments have been performed with pleasure, and it is not the total amount of pain or pleasure, measured in time or intensity, experienced during an event, but the peak averaged with the final moments before returning to a neutral state which most affect the subject’s memory. What appeals to me about their observations is that it becomes possible to control how you are going to feel about the various events in your life. Having a wonderful vacation can be ruined by some moderately negative experiences at the end or perhaps even on the trip home. To leave a good memory of the events we should leave plenty of time for an easy and very pleasurable ending and pleasant return home.
One of the hardest things to understand as a Christ-follower is that God loves us, and yet he wants us to fear him. In our minds love and fear don’t go together, but the Bible is very clear that an essential component of our personal relationship with God is fear (Deut. 10:12).
“For me, this has never been about the publicity. I just want justice for the victims. I want the British Government to recognise and admit that such an incident happened. They were all shot in the back of the head from a close distance. This is cold-blooded murder. They were never Communists, but simple rubber-tappers. They were not even sympathisers.”
I've got a good one for you all today, my friends!
Oh an I must add that the soundtrack from this film is written and sung by the frontman of the "Arctic Monkeys." Hopefully this will give him a head start in the world of solo.
Fry them for a second and then pour the tamarind extract.
For a simple festive treat, here is my recipe for marshmallow pops. These are delicious - and even better with homemade marshmallows!. You can make them as a part of a dessert buffet table or a simple indulgence for an afternoon party. Once the chocolate has set you can lay them out on platters or creatively display them upwards on a table. If you like marshmallows as much as I do, these are the treat for you!
3. Did the higher natural increase of churchgoers, together with their psychological profile, lead to an evolutionary process similar to what Clark (2007) has described for England? (i.e., gradual demographic replacement of impulsive, present-oriented individuals with disciplined, future-oriented individuals).
I took all the weapons off and added a few little plates to cover up the holes, where the missile pods were I have cut down predator vented hatches to make some intake vents and added a bit of sensor equipment around the place. I also lengthened and raised the tail to make it a bit easier on the eye.
Style: American Wild Ale
"I researched every interview he'd ever given so I knew his musical history and got into some of his areas. From what he calls outerviews, I saw who he spins out into the outer reaches of language and imagination," says Pond-Jones. "We turned these into areas for scripts and filmed around subjects. He wanted to do one on world peace, so we got him in the bar and set him off talking about world peace. We used the flower market and other simple visuals like the dove. The scripts were not written down."
Arsenal next in the FA Cup 4th round…
The eating out highlight of our trip happened when we took a day trip to Madison. The Green Owl Cafe is the only vegetarian, vegan and raw food restaurant in town, but even if it wasn't the only all-veggie choice you'd still find me there every chance I get. We pre-stalked the menu before arriving so we knew exactly what we wanted: the bbq jackfruit sandwiches with a side of kale crisps.
So.... post Japan, we've gotten back into the habit of heading to the organic market on Saturdays (Batignolle) or Sundays (Raspail). It's probably one of my favorite things to do in Paris.
I want to start getting ready to go out a 10pm. I want to listen to the music in my car as loud as I want and not care who is watching me sing and dance.
Now Sound Beginnings recommends to start using their product in the third trimester of pregnancy. However I have been using it starting around 21 weeks. Now I'm sure baby cannot hear the exact words or sounds, I know he is picking up the gentle vibrations. I know through other research the brain grows by use, and I believe that this product can be beneficial to babies in the middle of the second trimester. However this is my opinion only be sure to check with your doctor.
Stats So Far
After the initial meeting I got a look at how big the account actually was and learned that it had definitely been neglected. Needless to say after more than a year to get in the door I wrote my biggest account in the second year of my insurance career. It was a huge victory (and commission) but only because I refused to give up on my efforts to develop that relationship. Had I listened to other people in my office or even given in to the frustration of constant delays by the decision maker I never would have been able to land that account. I later found out that the former CFO was friends with the agent who had been handling the account before me and that is why he wouldn’t meet with me. Persistence and determination paid off in this situation just like they continue for me on other aspects of my life. I have always been stubborn when it comes to accepting no as an answer. Maybe that is what makes me good at sales. Learn how to be persistent in pursuing your goals and your sales efforts will pay off in the end.
reason to add my children's emails
Thankfully, I didn't need to prepare food, just clean the house
I hope this post will be helpful!
Then lay some Pork in slices very thing,
According to the cardinal, the return to the for many formula instead of for all, also serves as a timely reminder of “the seriousness of the Christian vocation”, in a situation which according to him is marked by “exaggerated optimism about salvation which leads everyone to Paradise, without the need for the gift of faith and the effort of conversion.” In an interview with Italian Catholic newspaper 30 Giorni, in the spring of 2010, Jesuit cardinal Albert Vanhoye took a more articulate stance. According to this distinguished Biblicist, the translation of pro multis into for all, adopted by many churches following the Second Vatican Council, was based on an exegetical reasoning that was by no means insignificant. Starting with the fact that Jesus spoke in Aramaic not in Greek or Latin. In the interview, the rector emeritus of the Pontifical Biblical Institute said that “In Italian molti (many) implicitly contradicts tutti (all). If one says that many students passed an exam, it means not all passed. In Hebrew, however, this dialectical connotation does not exist. The word rabim simply means a great many. It does not specify whether this great number corresponds to all.” According to Vanhoye “it is clear that Jesus was not referring to a determined, albeit numerous, group of individuals during the Last Supper. His address was universal. Jesus wants salvation for all.”
The ever popular Family Bures are always in very high depend amongst the family market that Sonaisali Island Resort is renown for, and as such we are proud to be able to release the recent refurbishment to the market in time for the upcoming high season. These bures sleep 4 adults or 2 adults and 4 children.
USA was definitely a highlight for us. We loved the sights, the people (most the time), the vibe and of course the food, and NYC was no exception. I’m sitting in Dean and Deluca, eating NY slice pizza, drinking a mocha and watching the snow outside the window…feeling very American right now. How to sum up 2 weeks in the “concrete jungle” where “dreams are made, Oh”…..It’s impossible to put it into words, but ill give it a go, this blog will be in two parts as too much fun was had:
The Oxygen Chanel plans to cancel "The World According to Paris". I'm not holding my breath.
I should say "our" lives. I have lived, and too often continue to live such a life. I've also treated the burnout of activists and organizers for 30 years, and coached dozens of progressive leaders as they struggle to not only take better care of themselves but change their organizational cultures.
There were a handful of things that needed some ASCP love
One of the things I learned from my job hunting is that it takes a lot of time and effort. Do not assume you will get a call for an interview. Do not assume your resume is so good you’ll get the first job you apply to. You won’t. Chances are, you won’t get the second, or the third, or the fourth. But keep trying. As you apply for more job positions, you will gain experience and learn from your mistakes. Use that new experience to continually tweak your resume and cover letters.
No sin that I make,
And when I came home, our son and I loaded everything we could find into a new EHD. The photos you see here were taken in April 2008, when we were still living at Northview Stallion Station in Chesapeake City.
TIP: As mentioned in my Grandmother's Fried Corn recipe, buy corn as fresh as possible preferably the day of picking. The longer it hangs around, the starchier it will get. That is why older corn is good to use in dishes like fried corn but you won’t get as much natural milk from the ears of older corn and why the cream addition is needed.
Mr. Know It All: Our husbands! (But in a good way most of the time.)
As a general rule, I hate cold weather. I don't like the layers of clothes that winter requires nor do I like the sensation of a cold wind on my face. And, if you were looking for something I really can't stand, it would have to be the salt stains I get on the hems of my pants whenever I go out after it has snowed. As far as I am concerned, the only benefit of cold weather is those cozy evenings spent inside under a warm blanket. After all, who curls up with hot chocolate and a good book in the middle of May?
1) The family that got lost and called 911 from a corn maze. There were almost TOO MANY ways to make fun of this, and I just couldn't narrow it down enough to come up with a full, coherent blog.
This last year we have gone through quite a few hundred pairs. The quantity depends on the number and size of gigs since we like to share our signature hand wear out to the audience. The Eurovision semi-finals were especially taxing. We do enjoy a good relationship with the marigold-importers in Iceland who give us good prices and sometimes sponsor us with extra pairs. This is fortunate since marigolds are one of our main costs and this could become prohibitive.
i always thought i was the sower who sows the word of God into good soil. but in the trials of recent years (loss of jobs, depression, smack downs of ministry, and navigating motherhood and marriage)–i decided to unraveled this parable with a crisp eye. however minor or major my struggles have been, i have certainly inspected some of them–on some days– in some moods with the eyeglass of suffocation. perspective is everything when it comes to joy, appreciation, and even survival. oddly, in most of my major encounters of life, i have chosen to be thankful. to be grateful for what God is teaching me and showing me. seeing these situations of seeming disparity as something within me or something within our little family’s world to be refined by holy fire. but in the small details…in the crevices of the day whereby I clean toilets and behinds, cook dinner and probably somebody’s goose, run after sweet babies and sweet precious time–in these details…i am not always the sower that the seed, the Word, beckons for. and the thorns rise up, even here. perhaps especially here. choking.
There are times when the resonances of history are positively eerie. The parallels of Napoleon’s occupation of Egypt with Bush’s disaster in Iraq are enough to make you jump out of your chair.
I don't want to fill blogland with sadness.
Check it, if it is all mushy they you are good to go...if not in it goes for another 15 minutes. Keep roasting until perfect. Once pulled from the over, just let it sit as is for 30 minutes to cool, then scoop out the seeds (reserve for another use, and scrape all that beautiful pumpkin out leaving 2 "bowls" of pumpkin skin...which we have let dry, then filled with decorations for fall/Halloween. Wonder if many, many years ago these were used as bowls??
This didn’t ambush me like the Alien poster but it had a lasting effect nonetheless. I first saw this while deciding whether or not to take up advertising as a possible profession and it’s leftfield approach has stayed with me ever since.
I Googled “cat pulling out hair like crazy” to find some likely causes, of which there are several. It could be an allergy—to something in the air or food. It could be a parasite, mites or fleas (ew, I hope not). Or it could be stress—a cat with ocd. Wtf.
(The rhymes work better in the original version, but you can get a feel for it nonetheless. After some delightful verses about buttocks, “gushing entrails bright,” and swollen bellies, Burns goes on to compare the pathetic food that the “Master of the house” eats to the hearty haggis that the clearly superior rustic Scotch labourer eats…)
¼ cup almond slices, toasted
The Noisome Cru? Very drinkable, even at almost 9%. Lovely long and spicy finish a pleasing contrast to the bitter hoppy start. It could do with perhaps a bit of ageing, but it will be in bottles, and Brodies' success rate with the bottles I've tried has been 100% to date, so I'm looking forward to sampling a bottle or two a few months or more down the road.
Also, beginning Wednesday, January 26th, I will be starting 3hrive Power Lunch M@rketplace Bible Study. This will be a virtual Bible study that will broadcast 12:30 pm – 1 pm est live only on www.3hrive.TV. If you are unable to experience it live, you will be able to watch it on-demand at your convenience.
Who also kindly let the design team use some of her Digi stamps
Today's card is to celebrate Mo & Zo's bloghop 'The Carnival', it's a HUGE blog-hop but seeing the fabulous cards and creations from the DTs involved was well worth it. I've been inspired to buy not only Mo's $1 special image 'Cotton Candy' but also this one called 'A Little Smooch'
Andrew (to Bridget): “You’re in over your head, just admit it.”
2 – 5 p.m. Real Ale Brewing Company, Sampling in the Beer Department
Susana and Ziegler attended the Women of Color Blogging Caucus meeting at the Allied Media Conference this past summer where they were able to vent and mobilize with other women-of-color bloggers facing similar issues. Strategies that came out of that meeting include mobilizing together as a community of women of color bloggers to market each other's blogs, protecting each other's blogs from trolls (a blog terminology for obnoxious commenters), and helping each other to bridge the technical divide.
Finding ourselves in cloudy patterns
We got a reputation to uphold!
Mean World Syndrome is a phenomenon where the violence-related content of mass media convinces viewers that the world is more dangerous than it actually is, and prompts a desire for more protection than is warranted by any actual threat.
The awards are a great opportunity for the beer and brewing community to get together, catch up, tell stories and share beer. Do you really need any more than that? It is an event which makes us realise that beer is becoming more widely talked about in this country – not in quite the same hushed and reverent tones that wine is, mind you –and it is distancing itself culturally from the yobbos and dickheads who try to give it a bad name.
So, naturally, I gave a hearty cheer when this guy let me know that a new pub was being planned in the Partick part of Glasgow's west end. Not much was known about what exactly was planned, however, various rumours ricocheted around the city that it was going to be something to look forward to.
Absolutely beautiful don't ya think? Keeping that in mind I thought about what beautiful eyes my daughter Katelyn has, so innocent and naive at the tender age of 7. If only we could keep that innocence!
I left Elias. He was passive. He didn’t quite care as much as I thought he did. Or he didn’t show it, anyways.
Terry and Arlene’s possessed baby
“The only two explanations for lack of sales that I can come up with at this point are
In a little more than twelve hours I will be on my way home to spend Christmas with my family.
CS: So Saffron, White
This photo was taken on one of the few sunny days we had, with the sun illuminating the warmly colored houses and the cobbled street. I enjoy Rue. Ste. Claire more than any other street in the old city; it is always full of life with shops and cafés sharing the sidewalk with locals and visitors.
Fire-Earth has been trying to warn the blog readers against flying for the last two years. The moderators have also pointed out that the safety record of Airbus is worse than that of Boeing aircraft.
This study reported by UPI should (but probably won't) put paid to these FReeperesque beliefs about liberalism and crime. The United States Peace Index supposedly shows that among all 50 states, Maine is the safest or least violent state, Louisiana is the most violent. Maine, of course, is known as a liberal state, and certainly tends to vote Democrat. Why is it not among the most violent or crime-ridden states?
you haven't visited before, I am a vegetarian and I love to blog about the family-friendly vegetarian meals I cook for my household. I am always on the lookout for new inspiration and love seeing what people can create without meat or fish as their main ingredient. Therefore this
‘Huh? How do you know?’ They asked, obviously puzzled.
14.THE PASSIONS - I'm in Love with a German Film Star
Today’s publishers, still entangled in the dying Gutenberg age, will, one hopes, spin off their talented editors as semi-autonomous units and gradually disencumber themselves of their obsolete infrastructure. Barring a nuclear disaster, life will go on as it always has: past, present, and future all at once. “–Jason Epstein
So… we now have a more manageable field of films to work with…The Semi Finalists are:
- I know your longing
In the late 1800s, two powerful magicians get together to start a game. They will take two children, teach them their secrets, and then pit them against each other in a test of their different forms of magic. One of the magicians puts his six-year-old daughter Celia into the competition. The other magician gets Marco, a young boy from an orphanage to train as his contestant.
A plastic baby in ice floating in your punch..... adorable or disturbing?
In some cases, the cash-strapped schools may behave based on their financial needs rather than health interests just as the food industry must… so am I wrong to try to place a large amount of responsibility on schools?
part of the award is sharing 7 things about me... so
I'm not convinced that Paco is on all of these tracks. He's definitely on "Ghir Khoudouni" (both singing and playing. Some tracks feature no guinbri at all, and the guinbri playing (and tuning) on "Youm Malkak" sounds like Moulay Abdelaziz Tahiri. But Boujemâa's great singing can definitely be heard singing on all tracks. (He's the one that sings the solo portions at the opening of "Lahmami")
seeing.
Turns out Misha's going through the same thing, and her advice is sound. One word at a time, that's the only way.
From Dispossession to Livelihoods, Security and Safe Spaces
Thanks to a steady influx of Asian immigrants to the United States, Asian fusion cuisine “has become as mainstream and as American as the proverbial apple pie,” Comerford said in a recent interview. She cited “the proliferation of Asian-inspired restaurants and even food trucks” in many U.S. cities and towns, and noted the availability of specialized ingredients as more U.S. farmers begin to grow Asian vegetables.
Check out The Old Ones - a really chilling little short that introduces the building threat. A modernisation, and a kick upwards in terms of grimness, of the Demeter, it could be the start of a one-shot with a likely TPK.
I think, and this is the point behind this post, that both speakers missed a few very important points when it comes to freedom of speech. Firstly, freedom of speech or anything at all is hardly a freedom if it is limited. Freedom- the very word implies that there are no limitations or restrictions. Restricted free speech is an oxymoron. Another really important point that I think Hitchens could have cornered Tharoor on was his repeated emphasis on the sacrifice of free speech in order to maintain law an order. In fact there was also an Indian gentleman in the audience who repeated the same point. This gentleman essentially said that since some Indians are educated they can respect free speech, others aren’t and don’t; and so to maintain peace in civil society we educated Indians should muzzle ourselves.
I'm linking with . . .
2 T butter, melted
So we watched Glee and sang along and had strawberry shortcake.
I’ll start with Rob Kardashian – obviously, his entire brood wasnt there to cheer him on tonight. Only his less famous sister and his ‘kinda’ Dad who received WAY less camera time than usually allotted to the Family. I guess they had other things on their minds. Anyhow, Rob danced a tango to The Addams Family, and apparantly found a resemblance to his own Family. A stretch, but ok. I’ve told you how much him being on this show annoys me, I can’t take him seriously because I find him extremely insincere. However, if you keep around a dancer for 7 weeks, there will be exponential growth in abilities. It’s science. He was bound to have a really good week, and this was it. He was one of the dances of the night…. and how nice of Kim to help lil bro out by making her earth shattering announcement on voting day.
I feel fairly fortunate to have received a sample of this small brewery's seasonal Imperial Stout. I've never heard of this brewery, but the label is interesting and I love trying new obscure breweries.
I had high hopes for them. They just did not have the flavor I desired. The filling to be honest got a little lost in the tortilla! I even added extra spices. I am now on the hunt to find an amazing wrap recipe!
I overseeded the pasture with with a mix of Orchardgrass, Kentucky Bluegrass, hybrid Fescue, and White Clover right before what was supposed to be a pretty good rain, but it never happened. Instead, the chickens have had a bit of a feast – an expensive one. Hopefully we get some rain tonight.
Now, for my sweet award from Rachael! Thanks so much Rachael I am thrilled that you have given me this. How very thoughtful of you!!! She has some absolutely adorable LOTV cards on her blog that you need to see!!!
i never thought of the people
Genre: High School Action-Comedy Anime.
Credit cards are very convenient for consumers, as it allows you to make purchases without actually having the cash on-hand. You can go on for a month without even thinking about making a payment. No worries, right? Well, for the most part I agree. It’s great, but only if you can pay it back at the end of the month. Once those interest rates start to take effect, you’ve pretty much lost the purpose of spending time to save money.
Monday, May 16
This site seeks to provide users with practical information coupled with testimonials of encouragement. There are blogs, forums, videos, and even a live chat with a doctor.
Up 1st Saddle and down Greenman-Saddlerock-Amphi. 43min worth of running.
Review: The Ultimate Game was an alright book, but it did not live up to my expectations. I never found myself really into the book, and I kept putting it down because I was getting bored. The book is about two boys who are gamers, and the monster in the game they play becomes real and comes after them. This book isn’t a must read, but it isn’t a bad book, so if you are looking for a book you should check it out. I suggest this book for guys 14 and under. Here is a pic of the cover…
The Japanese owner of a Harley-Davidson motorcycle that was washed out to sea in the tsunami of March 2011 says its discovery on a remote beach on the West Coast of B.C. last week is a miracle.
One thing I’m glad about is that Angelique has got hitched to a local fellow and borne him a daughter. This should discourage the gossip that bedevilled poor Dian Fossey regarding her intimate friendship with her favourite silverback. In truth, no male gorilla could safely mate with a woman. He’d first have to undergo the pussification procedure that Superman subjected himself to before he could pork Lois Lane (see Superman II). Any gorilla that much in love with a woman would deserve to have a coconut dropped on his head from a great height.
“No that’s not right. Actually, can I ring you back?!”
(click for enlargement)
And I am gonna give the best shot
…43 years before Downey’s blockbuster film.
I can pretty much tell you every single thing we did
When American troops arrived in Saudi Arabia, at the request of King Fahd, in 1998, two huge explosions simultaneously destroyed the US embassies in Nairobi (Kenya) and Dar-es-Salaam (Tanzania). The first left 213 dead and over 4,500 injured; the second left 11 dead and 85 injured. The US blamed bin Laden. Cruise missiles then attacked a chemical factory in Khartoum and levelled several training camps inside Afghanistan.
To enter the PanPastel UK challenge - just pop over to their blog to see the details for entry and the fabulous inspiration from the design team. The lucky winner will receive a special trial pack of Pan colours and tools from Your Creativity Store.
Once in awhile I like a pizza that is a little less traditional, as in a red tomato sauce and mozzarella cheese, and this one fits the bill perfectly. Instead of a tomato sauce, I make a homemade alfredo sauce, and instead of gooping the top with mozzarella, I use the alfredo sauce as sort of a thin layer of cement for the spinach and tomatoes and just garnish with a bit of grated parmesan after it comes out of the oven. I like keeping this vegetarian, but it tastes great with shredded/diced chicken added as well.
Steven M. Theg — Professor of Plant Biology
But THEN...something very, very weird happened.
We had some snow while in Almaty so the trees were just lovely. Here it was the end of March - and it's snowing. All the time we spent in Kokshetau in January and February and we got minimal snow but we go to Almaty for three days and we get a couple of inches of snow. It was pretty warm so it would be melting in a few days. But it was fun to watch it snow and see it glisten on the trees.
Now for the matzoh balls.
Here are some pictures:
Once again, the complete 5 part tutorial is FREE if you've bought two or more tutorials from me in the last year valued at $5.95 each or higher. All you have to do is email me by Dec 16th, and I will send it to you *see note at end of post* (After this date, the tutorial will be available for purchase only)
POP goes the thumb.
Where you from?
McBride planted a false bomb at the Pine street parkade in Durban, to make a political statement at a time when a group of foreigners were visiting South Africa. The foreigners came to be referred to as the "EMINENT PERSONS GROUP". Their aim was to broker a settlement in South Africa. No injuries, death or damages resulted from this incident.
Drove my chevy to the levee,
If we can stay distracted by those nagging thoughts, we won't ever have the courage to share our story.
he took the case after the pictures were made.
It was time.
Ahhhhh spring :0)
prints
I can’t write this review without mentioning the writing itself. Agents and editors often talk about ‘voice’ and how important it is. I have my own thoughts on ‘voice’ and for me it is something that stays with me, that is distinctive and memorable. I think Teri Terry’s writing, and especially for a debut author, has just that - a distinctive, memorable voice. It has a rhythm and feel that seems so fitting for the story, in places it feels brittle, fractured, much like Kyla herself. And Teri Terry makes each word count, there are no superfluous words, no convoluted sentences, but there is a poetic beauty to much of her prose while also feeling totally fresh and modern.
2. Post-Green, pre-Buckingham/Nicks variants
I took a look at the UI.cs class that came with UIToolkit and saw that it contained a private reference to the collection (array) that holds all of the UIToolkit child objects under the UI object. I also saw that the “firstChild” was a “static public var”. As a quick workaround for my issue, I created another static public var for the entire array and it worked.
Even though you frequently vacuum the carpets you will remove the dirt but you will not be able to clean the carpets like the professional carpet steam cleaning London. Many of the carpet manufacturers recommend steam clean of the carpets at least twice a year as that method will extend the carpets life-span.
Do you want to know what makes the church truly relevant to a dying world that is desperate to know the truth? It is the power of the living Gospel (Hebrews 4:12) and the empowering presence of the Holy Spirit in your life that makes you truly relevant.
A fresh rules that has been written into the books this year may possibly obstruct the ability of a lot of to get emergency funds by decreasing access to payday advances throughout the condition of Washington. What the law states which theoretically needed effect The month of january 1, 2010, has now acquired some significantly blended opinions from both sides in the debate. Most are asking yourself perhaps the new legal guidelines, which dramatically has an effect on the payday advances industry from the point out, will probably be handy or if it will be a barrier for both the consumers and Loan providers who rely upon these companies regularly.
“Pusparani A/P Mogan”
Find them in: Vegetable oil, nuts, olives, avocados, and fish are all good sources of mono- and polyunsaturated fats. Just remember that any source of fat–whether it’s olive oil or butter–is calorie dense. “One gram of fat contains nine calories, compared to only four calories for carbohydrates and protein,” says Bethany Thayer, R.D., a spokesperson for the American Dietetic Association. That’s why substitution is crucial; you want to add healthful fats to your diet while subtracting not-so-healthful ones to keep daily calorie intake on an even keel.
ok I gotta sleep so I can deal with a few more days of being a happy wage slave *blegh!*
Charlie Phillips
Studies have shown that some vegetarians consume higher than recommended quantities of fat, and some vegetarians have high cholesterol levels. The lacto-ovo vegetarian diet is most healthful when it uses eggs and low-fat dairy products sparingly to supplement a diet rich in whole grains, fruits, vegetables, and legumes.
Marcus Floyd* has a heart for Jews but he doesn’t meet them in Israel or the United States.
It felt like reading a silent movie, the images were there, the dialog was in front of me and I was being told how the characters felt through narrative… but I just never felt it. The swapping character perspectives are very well written, but I got bored re-reading the same events.
Tan: Keep up your good work. We are all trying to find answers. If we aren’t, then what good are we? After forty years of listening to controlled media, it is refreshing to realize that truth will again prevail through our collective disparate, but patriotic voices. America was built on that and will prevail again.
“You can ask the Bangladeshis, if they want to go back, they can go back. But I believe that 100 percent of them would not agree to go back.
We had found this perfect cabin on Saturday and the
Zantric and Emma moved to assail the lich, both near to death themselves–and though a final bout of healing had left the pair on their feet, the duo’s reserves were all but exhausted; after hundreds of foes met afield, the party faced a potential route against their final adversary. Aurakraul, freed from her paralysis yet still blinded and deaf loosed a torrent of acid again, spraying King Kroma and the remaining priest of Orcus while Pandora narrowly avoided damage herself.
it's hard to believe the scotland run on saturday will be my first nyrr race of 2012! i had signed up for the Manhattan half in january - but the only snowstorm of the winter turned it into a fun run (and a point toward the 2013 nyc marathon). i've run this 10k before - and even volunteered at it's packet pick-up a couple of times.
The holiday season has started and it is the countdown to Christmas. I finished a fingerless mitt for the shop. I did only one so they could put it on display for the open house last weekend. It was good to catch up with friends and I took a bit of time to knit a couple of rows of the Eala Bhan. This afternoon (Sunday) Jim and I will go over to Mom's and decorate her tree. We put up some decorations yesterday and found that she needs new lights--we had plenty here and they are the really bright ones, so her tree really sparkles!
I am super impressed with how this skirt turned out. It was super quick and easy to make, and best of all, I don't think it looks like a pillow case anymore.
I saw this canvas at one of my favorite stores and seriously considered buying it for Coco's room. She is our Paris-grown baby, after all. But it was a pretty big canvas and I couldn't bear the thought of dragging it home --
The taste had more layers and a natural texture than a typical soft root beer. The vanilla, liquorice & aniseed stand out at different points but the taste comes across as a posh pop with less of a cloying sweetness. Designed more for adult tastes and possibly that it is impossible to session a root beer or can of coke. It would be difficult to session this regardless of a reduced but not absent sweeteness. The taste of alcohol is wholly absent. You’d never guess from taste alone that you were drinking an alcoholic beverage. On the whole I liked it. But I like root beer. I suspect if you didn’t like root beer you’d find this to be a bizarre concoction. One to try again, but I’ll wait for a special offer before buying more.
Here is what you are really asking of people when you tell them that being more considerate of your feelings than you are of theirs is some kind of prerequisite for being heard. You are responding to someone who is saying, “You hurt my feelings,” by attempting to remind them how much more important yours are. Here’s something that I end up posting in most threads where the necessity of politeness comes up.
Happy Monday to you all! I am so excited as I have a ton of things to share. Some will have to wait until my next post as little G is sleeping and I don't have a ton of time right now but I HAD to share my latest creation and a new product with you!
In Phoenix, Arizona, where I happen to be at the moment, many real estate speculators gambled big on aggressive real estate borrowing in recent years- even having been directly warned! Subsequently, many have already lost half of the value of their home, dropping the home values far below the amount owed on the home, which exposes them to bankruptcy and a loss of most or all of their assets (including many retirement accounts). Many of those retirement accounts lost up to half of their value with the stock market decline across 2008. That means that by entering huge debts not covered by the realistic long-term value of the home, then failing to sell stock that were severely over-priced, many people who were new millionaires have gambled away their entire net worth- such as by partnering ridiculous real estate gambling with over-confident stock investing. How often I have found that the two go together: obliviousness to risk in stocks and real estate.
Color Scheme: Everything except Blue/Green, Green, Green/Yellow
You slumped on a nearby bench, taking out some manga to read. Nobody ever dared to sit beside you. Everyone thought you were a weird girl who would never find love.
remember to watch the video by the stuyvesant high school class (asking him to attend their graduation ceremony) first, so you can see the awesome way he spoofs it…. kkk
That’s how I feel when I read about Diaby’s recoveries. It doesn’t matter how often I get burned, I keep coming back for more. It doesn’t matter if I start out naive or cautious, I can’t help getting excited about his imminent returns. But Paul Robinson picked up where Dan Smith left off, and Diaby hasn’t been able to shake off the niggles in 18 months. What’s cheering though is that in the small glimpses we’ve seen this season, it looks like he’s managed to maintain his 2010 touch.
Martha’s lemon bars, Betty’s cake,
The reason gas prices are going up is because the world has reached peak production of oil, the world can only produce a certain amount of oil a day. A lot of countries want that oil so the demand goes up supply goes down, which leads to higher prices. The gas prices are not the fault of the U.S. politicians. The gas prices are the fault of urban sprawl which is the fault of the American people. Someone complained to me the other day that gas prices were high, I looked at his vehicle, it was a giant van. I looked at mine, a small Saturn. The next time you think the thought, "Gas prices are high." Imagine a horse, imagine you riding a horse, imagine how long it would take for you to get there, imagine how much your ass would hurt from the saddle, imagine there being no radio on the horse's head playing your favorite CD. Imagine it and thank God you get to drive a car.
In a large pot, heat the oil over medium-high. Add the onions and garlic and saute until the onions are translucent, about 10 minutes. Add the celery, carrots, and 1/2 teaspoon each of salt and pepper. Saute until the veggies are soft, about 10 minutes. Add the tomatoes and bay leaves and simmer uncovered over low heat until the sauce thickens, about 1 hour. Remove and discard bay leaves. Season the sauce with more salt and pepper to taste (I also added oregano, garlic powder, and basil at this point). This sauce can be also be made 1 day ahead. Cool, then cover and refrigerate. Rewarm over medium heat before using.
I had a super presentation from Ian Lamb (Head of Children's Publicity) and Susannah Curran (Head of Children's Marketing) on a neat little netbook. Is this a new trend, for marketing and PR people to come to the Fair? Nicky Potter was there for Frances Lincoln too.
My paternal grandparents died in my first 18 months of life and my father was an only child---so I know little about that side of the family, other than my gradfather had two brothers, one who died in his 20s and the other alienated himself from the family.
For the second time this week I have written out clear and cohesive thoughts while not 100% conscious. Or something like that. I have very little recollection of writing the post from yesterday. And yet, it makes perfect sense. I was so darn tired last night that I'm really not sure how I managed to edit a picture and post it. And write words.
“The Bible,” Savage said with a elongated pause.
Friday: Chicken and ham en croute with peas and sweetcorn
It’s about using technology in service of story, not as a toy at the expense of solid storytelling. It’s about using technology in service of reporting. Crowdsourcing and engaging with audiences, followers, after a story publishes are critically important to the newsgathering and dissemination processes.
‘No ma’am. I come here to remember true beauty’, he said.
#33 India Black: a madame of espionage by Carol K. Carr (Read 15/03/2012) An historical mystery, featuring the feisty, sardonic madame of an elegant London brothel, who has the bad fortune to get caught up in espionage plots and counter-plots when one of her customers dies on her premises. There is a sense of inevitability to the capture, escape, shoot, and escape again adventure, but it still manages to be an enjoyable romp. The sequel is available and I think I shall give it a try.
One second I was in the sky being shredded to the pieces by Sophie and the next I was waiting for my soul to be destroyed the way my body had been when death had come the first time.
I asked him if anyone else did theirs like this. He said no.
Don't get me wrong. I'm a big fan of the public transportation system here in Paris and find myself hopping on and off subways, buses, and trains, often multiple times a day, with ease. I also regularly find myself on the RATP (short for Régie Autonome des Transports Parisiens)Web site looking for the best way to get to there from here. And that, as they say, is when the real fun begins.
Here's some things I like to do. These make sure I'm not asked out again and entertain me until I can go home, get drunk and booty-call my last boyfriend because I suddenly realized maybe he's not so bad after all.
Femelle studios
The next day Jonah Hex has located Marshall, Gabler, & Jenkins, all three at the cemetery, having just buried Stults. Jonah apologizes for being late and the three men explain their problem. They purchased a parcel of land from this Indian so that the town could use it for the reailraod coming through. The Indian then decided that he wasn't paid enough and has refused renegotiations and has vowed to kill all four men.
Also - I've been roaming around the interwebs for the last hour or so, finding all sorts of fun stuff in the viral videos and Slusho website. But if anyone can come up with an explanation as to why Marlena exploded after getting bitten by one of the spider-thingys, that would be awesome. Some kind of toxin? Allergic reaction? Or does J.J. Abrams just really love Alien?
So far.....
This has been one of the smoothest acquisitions we have seen in the life of Android. In less than 4 months since its announcement, Sony has completed the full acquisition of the Ericsson mobile devision. This costed the Japanese manufacturer €1.05 billion, but good ol’ Sony is now in full charge of its mobile division.
7. SAFE AREA GORAZDE
Reykjavík! - Repticon
*Chicken nuggets: an industrially reconstituted boneless chicken product invented by Cornell poultry science professor Robert C. Baker in the 1950s.
It’s amazing how many good things in life come from tough times. Things like faith, character, patience, strength and endurance, even love, emerge when we ask God, “I need your grace, Lord. I can’t do this on my own,” or “What are you saying to me in this trial, Lord?” Great saints we’ve known or read about were molded by trials, not by superior knowledge or education.
ah jack. he's teddy-bear cute. and we share a birthday. and he's funny as hell. and seems to be good with kids (hell, he's always hosting something on nickelodeon).
Never mind me, I like to randomly click on links.
"He's fucking Satan man!"
sydney stopped what she was doing and exclaimed:
All forms of discrimination go against the first two articles.
So the maiden is placed in a room, this time larger and with many more bales. Again she must spin them into gold, on pain of death. The little man returns to save the day, but creepily so – this is no prince on horseback, not the sort of character with whom you wish to do deals. But a deal must be struck, and the maiden offers him her ring. When the man has gone, and the room is full of gold, the king is overjoyed. But still he wants more.
In the UK, although Visteon eventually paid reasonable redundancy payments to the workers to whom they had only given 6 minutes notice of closure, these payments were only made after a pro-longed sit in by the workers made redundant with the support and backing of the Unite union.
PM: 1:37, 2700'
Minced garlic
"Finally it is clear why government wants to save this project at all cost, despite it being unfeasible and despite it receiving so much public resistance. These types of cover-ups were prevalent during the apartheid regime, but never could one have imagined such a huge cover-up in our post-democratic dispensation," said Narend Singh MP, the IFP's spokesperson on Finance and on the e-tolling project.
Israeli Independence day, Yom Ha’Atmaut, is April 26. On this day we celebrate the Israeli Declaration of Independence and the establishment of the modern Jewish state in Palestine in 1948.
Love has its positive and negative sides but we can all get by with a little help from your friends.
Ta-ra
On 9th March, Deputy Pringle’s solicitors, Cork-based Noonan Linehan Carroll Coffey wrote to An Taoiseach setting out the concerns and asking that the Government give consideration to the matter and hold separate referenda for the ESM Treaty and the amendment to article 136 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union. An Taoiseach rejected the approach and on 13th April, 2012 Deputy Pringle made his application in the High Court – case reference 2012/3772 P. The Government has said that it will defend the action “vigorously” It is set to be mentioned tomorrow in the High Court where I understand Deputy Pringle will be seeking a hearing date.
Jesus gave all the apostles the authority to bind and loose
- Spend money they don’t have
