3) Some other random stuff that makes me angry.
Hope you all enjoyed. Thank you for stopping by my little blog!
Bear took her in to the vets, and now she's buried up on the hill at the edge of the blueberry bushes where the sun warms the grass every morning, next to her best pal Chumba.
(a) no person under the age of 18 years is present;
“He’s one of the many aspects of my life that makes me happy now.”
Part IV Copy of Contractor/Subcontractor Business License; and
541320 Landscape architecture services
Month 4, again you buy another cloth diaper ($20) and another case of disposables ($42). By now you've cut your monthly amount of disposables by over 150 AND you're using cloth more than disposables. Another happy dance? I think so!
3. Find out what your triggers are, and then do your best to avoid them. As you start to pay more attention to your eating habits, you will notice that certain things cause you to eat. For example, maybe you always pig out on potato chips while watching the evening news; if so, then not watching the evening news would mean you are avoiding a food trigger.
Check back for more info on the JJ Project as it is released.
and the things I dislike about where I currently live..
This is getting a lot of love, my friends! Now, I'm a little out of sorts, because while Kirkus Reviews's review makes me feel all happy and giddy (how else should I feel when they say it has the heart of Because of Winn Dixie and the action of Holes? I just went starry-eyed.), Mrs. Yingling Reads thinks that it's a bit precious. While Mrs. Yingling and I occasionally have very different reactions to books (such as Young Fredle), I'm also a bit allergic to precious stories. In fact, I just looked up her review, and she called it "quirky Southern to the extreme." Oh, dear. Quirky drives me nuts. Quirky SOUTHERN makes my skin crawl. This will be interesting.
Poor Leo..
7.) Style tip: SMILE! A smile is something that everyone understands, young and old alike, despite race and gender, a smile is a smile. A smile is something that never goes out of style ( oh but make sure you are smiling at the appropriate time, wouldn't want you guys smiling when your friend is crying about her dead cat or dog. )
So my sister and I decided to make Pop Top Penguin favors filled with gold fish. To make these cute favors all you need are some small pop top cans (we used cans of peaches), paper, googly eyes and glue.
Thrown in jail
Ephesians 3:14-19 For this reason I bow my knee before the Father…that you may be able to know the love of Christ which surpasses knowledge, that you may be filled up to all the fullness of God.
And then ...
I may not be totally perfect, but parts of me are excellent
Sad news for magic mushroom fans. The historically-tolerant Dutch banned the sale of psychedelic mushrooms today in the wake of a visiting French teen-ager who jumped to her death from an Amsterdam building while under the influence.
I first remember visiting a Biedronka (Ladybird) supermarket in Kielce at about the turn of the century. It was a cheap, but desperately un-cheerful shop, catering for the poor. Under their Portuguese owners, they have changed dramatically and are in the process of trying to establish a reputation for quality. Their advertising promotion of their quality, like that of their rivals Lidl, gives me the impression of miss-truth and manipulation of facts. More valuable to me, is the new design of their shops, which takes away the 'pile em high and sell them cheap' entrance look of the shop, replacing it with a more open and welcoming display.
Apostasy
Vitamin A/beta-Carotine: Vitamin A helps with keeping your eyes on point. Just be careful with beta-Carotine, it is the same thing as Vitamin A (found naturally in carrots), but if you take too much your skin will turn orange and no one wants to look like an oompa-loompa.
Book Maven is happy to welcome Nicola Morgan today for a guest post on her Blog Tour. Mondays might be red but this makes Friday a Red Letter Day. Thanks, Nicola.
Sorry I didn’t manage to get round many desks last week – there are so many now that it is impossible to see them all and have some sort of other life as well – let alone actually do some creating!! Thanks to everyone who visited my blog, and for your lovely comments, all much appreciated. I made a new friend through WOYWW last week – Diana Taylor of Velvet Moth Studio – I did a special post about her because her work impressed me so much. Also this past week, it was M.E. International Awareness Day on Saturday and I did a special post about that, which took a long time and a lot of thought, because there’s so much that could be said! If you haven’t already read this post, I ask you please to do so, because we need to dispel the ignorance about this disease.
That is basically it - very simple really. The only other thing I'd add is that for making a project like this, where there is a lot of measuring up to fit all the elements into a small space, I find the Cricut Gypsy invaluable, you can just layer everything up on your screen and see that its going to work before you start to cut it out - and you can do it all sitting on the sofa watching TV at the same time, not standing over a cutting machine or on a computer - very easy.
You touch her skin and then you think
Friend of Kṛṣṇā: This choice of words allows Kuntī to say “Kṛṣṇa” twice and better satisfy her thirst for that sound. Several people are called Kṛṣṇā, especially Arjuna, Draupadī and Kuntī herself. So it is both sonically satisfying and personally relevant.
When you gonna make up your mind
Nostalgia also plays a big part in the novel and Charlson Ong has gone on record as saying that he’s a big Jazz fan and a great admirer of bee bop musicians such as John Coltrane. But there’s also a nostalgia for Binondo and a looking back with longing for the better days of Manila’s Chinatown.
Fanfic is one of those things everyone has an opinion about. (Well, everyone who knows what fanfic is, I guess.) There are arguments to be made about its purpose and its value on both sides, but one thing I've always believed is that it's not a new phenomenon. Taking stories and building on them, retelling them, embellishing them, exploring the characters, has been going for ... ever, as far as I can tell, if you want to go back to the Bible and Greco-Roman mythology (to name just two sources).
The α (Alpha) digital SLR range from Sony grows further with two stylish, affordable new entry-level cameras.
How cute are these, right? I think they came out really well. To some the ratio of crust to filling is off for them, saying there isn't enough filling, but I thought it was perfect. This may be personal preference, or it was because I chopped the filling, so I was able to fit more inside. Also note that a few of the sticks seemed loose, so make sure when you're sealing your pies that you seal extra good around where the stick comes out of the bottom.
Boy, did I punish that tin. Crashed it down on the sink and threw the food sort of at the bowl. The cats didn't mind.
Doing it yourself, of course, means you not only write and edit the book (which, on the downside, can result in overseeing the hopefully rare typo; plus there’s no cash advance) but you also do the promotion work, which primarily involves trying to get book reviewers to take a look. It turns out there are hundreds of reviewers out there — mostly bloggers — who will consider indie books, so getting in touch with them takes a fair amount of time.
Many thanks to all those who have been concerned for my son. It turns out he had quickly developed a lung infection which was triggering the asthma. He has been on anti-biotics, a steroid to strengthen the lung and a preventer for the asthma. Thankfully he is now off the steroid and the doctor is very happy with his progress. We had further drama on Tuesday night where the same son had a bit of an accident (I won't go into details) which required us to be in the ER at the hospital for most of the night! He has since recovered from this as well. Needless to say I have been very tired and busy with family this week. I hope to be back creating more regularly!!! It has been exciting to see so many new people lately, I appreciate you visiting and especially those who leave such lovely encouraging comments!!! :)
These three are my all time favouite masks. All from My Beauty Diary. Cooling mask, Apple Polyphenol mask and Earl Grey Tea & Macaron mask.
On My Way
The public sang along some of the best-known songs in the show and
Of those who know who they are
C Switching back and forth between the past and the present
As the title of this post states, I’m working on a drawing, again. Yeah! With some drawings interspersed from time to time (the last drawing I did was a graphite portrait of a friend about two weeks ago), I have mainly been producing graphic art and design (for clients and “just because” for my portfolio). So, it feels wicked awesome (yeah, I say that…no, I’m not from Boston) to be utilizing my drawing skills & media, again!
The question on the cover of the January issue of Sojourners’ magazine grabbed my attention. It was the title of an article by Brian McLaren.
Some of the selections were practical, some funny, some unusual and some personal.
Me: I have to.
There has never been any doubt in my mind about the joy of reading from the time I have become conscious of myself, from very early childhood. Books have always given me pleasure of learning, finding about things, places, people and everything about this world. The joy of sharing, however, I have discovered more recently. Till some time back, books were meant for myself and they were source of joy and information for me. There were times when I could share some information with friends as story-telling but the primary joy was still in reading.
Add fresh ricotta to cooked warm short pasta. Toss with baby spinach leaves, lemon juice, extra-virgin olive oil, cracked black pepper, sea salt and basil. Serve with grated Parmesan.
Bronze Waterproof Clay Liner makes for an amazing eyeshadow. It's a complex bronze with enough darkness to add dimension to your eyes without making them seem overly smoky. Pair it with the Beach Bronze Cream Shadow pot for an easy eye that puts the focus on your peepers.
iPhone 5 may not have a new design due to SIM card tray
Get the customer interactive in checking both the tire tread depth and tire pressure of their vehicle. Explain to the customer that a “new“ tire has 10/32’ of tread depth. Let the customer measure the tread depth and the air pressure of their own vehicle!
And hoarders don’t know where to start
These beautiful upside-down cakes were the latest baking assignment for the Martha Stewart Cupcakes Club! What I've really come to love about this baking club is learning a variety of techniques in palatable, cupcake-sized bites!
with all
It was basically the same as my one word message: presence.
Okay, you found a few forums that look interesting.What you need to do now is read, read, READ. Do not join just yet. Read recent posts, read older ones. You especially want to pay attention to posts from forum moderators and administrators. Do they swing the "ban hammer" too enthusiastically? Or do they allow insults, threats, excess profanity and flagrant violations of their own rules?
"No." The word came out as barely a whimper.
1/2 a pear
Would I have liked much more of a story that put more emphasis on the DOGS of Dog Sense? Absolutely.
Once again they walk a hard journey with such an honest but strong faith.
follow the heart
English setter Liliana, six, helped lick the newborns clean and even began producing milk to feed her four-year-old chum’s offspring.
My dog on the other hand was blissfully happy to go out in the snow. She loves to rut around in the fresh snow and snap it up. As she gets older she it takes her a few moments to get her back half moving as fast as her front half would like to go but she is a real trooper.
4) Invent role-playing games that allow you to doze while playing. Classics include doctors and nurses where you are the patient; Christmas Eve when you are the sleeping child waiting for Santa; night-time at the farm etc. But my personal favourite is ‘Builders’ – I am always on a tea break. He falls for it every time. Ha!
about who hates who
“SSA receives reports of death from a variety of sources, including friends and relatives of deceased individuals, funeral homes, postal authorities, financial institutions, and Federal and State agencies. Friends, relatives, and funeral homes report about 90 percent of deaths. Postal authorities and financial institutions report another 5 percent of deaths.”
with its stiff fingers
When Argentina defaulted on its foreign loans in 2001, the ensuing economic crisis caused the peso to fall to 3 to 1, and folks to lose their jobs and homes. Mortgages were payable in dollars which caused the payments to quadruple. Banks closed to prevent people from withdrawing all their money before its value fell even more. Going though several presidents in only a few weeks, Argentina dropped from being the most expensive city in Latin America to the cheapest in just one year.
I am thrilled that the sun has finally set on this part of the program–one that housed and harassed many of us these past 30 years. While they will continue to offer some limited services, it appears that they have begun to dismantle operations.
You've got to love the power and majesty of British justice. It's a shame the powers that be couldn't have listened to and protected ordinary people, and banned large numbers of people from completely incompatible cultures from settling here in the first place.
If you want it you’re gonna bleed
Just imagine how irritated I'd be if the title had been Steal Like a Writer.
March 2011-May 2012 – current
Today, I really want my anti-histamine pill. Hay fever is here with a vengeance, five weeks early. I am wondering if it will end five weeks early too…or will some of the spring trees and weeds pollinate at their normal time, spreading this season out painfully long? I’m not sure I can take it without my anti-histamines.
Well, I'm back to doing Not Me Mondays! One would think that it would be a super long one since it's been a while but I figure I can leave all the "old" ones out and just focus on this past week. I am sure if I think hard enough I can come up with enough "Not Me" moments.
All who eat my flesh and drink my blood
Thanks, first off. Without your support we could not make it as independent authors. We hope to continue to bring you quality books. We are grateful to you because without you, we could not continue to do what it is we love. Weaving a story is as magical as reading it, and we hope that you will continue to be a part of our world.
As I recall, a bumper sticker on Popcorn Sutton's truck read Never let the truth get in the way of a good story. Keep that in mind when talking about one of American moonshine's most prolific self-promoters.
14 The Garden
- handful of blueberries
Why not? A couple of years ago while I was sitting in the departure wing of the Montreal airport, a security officer was weaving his way through the crowd at “Schritttempo” or translated from German, walking speed.
Here's a card I made for Taylor's sketch from this week ... sorry about the wonky angle, but it's very windy here so I had trouble getting a decent picture. What a fun sketch. Don't you love this little Changito with coffee image?? He makes me smile. I'm not sure what I love more ... his pink bunny slippers or the fact that his PJs are buttoned wrong ... lol. I thought my A Muse "Life's Simple Pleasures" sentiment went perfectly with the image.
State: Mouth a little dry, hot as ballz outside
This is from The Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin, pp. 104–108
...I like the way this panned out and I've got hundreds of songs that are my all time favourites HOL ;)
Dalek Beach Party - Dead Men On Holiday
I eat a healthy diet. I’ve been vegetarian for 10 years, and I recently became a vegan, due to some digestive issues and a possible link with my MTHFR polymorphism. Most of my grocery cart is full of produce, and I cut out my Diet Coke addiction and other sources of caffeine because they worsen my anxiety. Sure, sometimes I eat junk food and snack too much. I love Trader Joe’s sesame honey almonds, and Soy Delicious makes some amazing soy ice cream. But before I was either eating disordered or fat, I snacked sometimes too.
5) When Pixie and her distant cousin Walter (Jenny's cat) get together, Pixie does whatever Walter will allow her to do. If he lets her sleep on the bed, she's fine with that. If he lets her get on the couch he's not using, then she's fine with that. Who ever thought that this 70 pound dog would be bossed around by a 7 pound cat?
our vet immediately referred us to a cardiologist at a specialty vet in durham.
"Oh, hell... o. Hello. Dang it - I was in the chapel." - Your truly... I shouldn't admit that.
“When Joe passed the 200-day mark on the Berlin heart we started to really question what else could be done if a heart wasn’t found, but we knew deep down there wouldn’t be much,” she said.
Hey everyone...great news here! The uber talented Linda Coughlin, of the Funkie Junkie is hosting a brand new challenge blog called Frilly and Funkie! It is aimed at those of us who love Grunge, who love Vintage, who love Shabby Chic, and who love Punk! And can you believe this? Linda has asked me to be on the Funkie part of the Design Team! I am so stoked, honored, and humbled!
I know how tiring it must have been for my parents that I’m always jumpy and screaming when insects get to close – but they always saved me (kind of a parents work I guess?).
In the midst of the first two weeks of consultations over the Ontario government’s proposed compensation freeze, members of the Ontario Public Service Employees Union have begun a strike for a first contract at Northern Ontario School of Medicine (NOSM)… All public sector workers have an interest in a successful strike here.
Not a stomach ache, a sore throat, a cough…NOTHING.
“There is a custom among us of drawing by lot, on New Year's Day, special Patrons for ourselves for the whole year. In the morning during meditation, there arose within me a secret desire that the Eucharistic Jesus be my special Patron for this year also, as in the past. But, hiding this desire from my Beloved, I spoke to Him about everything else but that. When we came to refectory for breakfast, we blessed ourselves and began drawing our patrons. When I approached the holy cards on which the names of the patrons were written, without hesitation I took one, but I didn't read the name immediately as I wanted to mortify myself for a few minutes. Suddenly, I heard a voice in my soul: ‘I am your patron. Read.’ I looked at once at the inscription and read, ‘Patron for the Year 1935 - the Most Blessed Eucharist.’ My heart leapt with joy, and I slipped quietly away from the sisters and went for a short visit before the Blessed Sacrament, where I poured out my heart. But Jesus sweetly admonished me that I should be at that moment together with the sisters. I went immediately in obedience to the rule.”Excerpt from Divine Mercy in My Soul, the Diary of St. Faustina"I have a container full of names ... I will be glad to pick out the name for you and send you the name if you prefer. I am so excited by my saint(s) ... I already picked mine. Well, I should say that they picked me ... I have Saints Marcus and Marcellianus ... they are twin brothers who were sent to prison before their death. St. Sebastian visited them continually in prison and helped keep their faith alive. They are buried near St. Felix and are specifically honored in Spain.
Before the free show, Celebrate Brooklyn's organizers will hold their annual fundraising gala, so if you've got $325 (or more) to burn, step right this way. (Proceeds go to fund the annual lineup of free events.) And for $50, you can get a season-long membership, which gets you a reserved seat up in front of the stage, and access to the after party.
“I love you too…”
through by a sad marriage
Iv. Death by water
Between bags of chips and apparently “unrealistic” future husband dreams, I blew up to 300 pounds by the time I was just 16 years old. After a horrific prom experience, I decided to start a lifestyle change including major weight loss in the hopes that one day I could find a prince charming (preferably in my 16th year of life when we were finally deemed “old enough to date” in our house).
Oh to be a kid again. Abby insisted on bringing all of their little chairs inside. She played with them for most of the day.
Chaz Hansen after winning the LCAAA, raised his record at 1st singles to 11-0 on the season. He was also The Chronicle Telegram’s Player of the Week!! Congratulations Chaz!
It’s a nice try, but let’s face it, some coaches behave like assholes when it comes to transfers because they can. At that point, it becomes a matter of whether they can be shamed into behaving better. But there’s nothing obligating them to do so and that’s where Fox’ comparison falls short.
There are obvious ways I don’t want to use waiting. I don’t want to use it as an excuse not to do anything. I don’t want to let it disable me with anxiety or distraction or disorienting hope. I don’t want to let it turn me into a complainer or a whiner or to see myself as a heroic victim.
In fact, yours truly is an accidental tech week participant. She began in a very round-about way by volunteering to READ with third-graders in Merrick's Montessori classroom. See Merrick, above, as definition of Absolute Perfection.
Definition
I hope to soon have my internet back and then I will post more photos! I must apologize for not being able to post them!
We'd love you to join in and play along with us, using either one or even both of these lovely flowers as your starting point - we are really looking forward to seeing what you create, so please remember to come and leave a link and a comment when you're ready to share.
This is just a real quick pop in post to toot my own horn & let you all know that one of my posts was featured today as part of a Halloween Inspiration Roundup Post on My Delicious Ambiguity! YAY!
973. Romaine Salad with Currant Balsamic and Sheep’s Milk Peccorino Cheese @ Home (Phoenixville, PA) 7:12 p.m.
“I never rest
Yes, folks. I am guilty of procuring a jar of PB2. And guilty I should be. Why? Because I used $7 of an Amazon gift card on a plastic jar of powdered peanuts that will never ever be peanut butter. Not in a million years.
On it goes throughout the night. When I do finally fall asleep, I’m up every couple of hours. Why? I’ve no clue but I’m mad and grumpy. Can I go back to sleep? No, my stupid brain is running again. SHUT UP!!!!!!!
I'm off to be patriotic fat fucker. If I don't eat, the terrorists have won.
I think we are entering the time of flash-fiction. Everyone is so busy, on the move, bustling, but they still want to read. Short-short stories are perfect for them. And with the increased use of e-books, tablet computers and people reading on their phones, it’s a convenient form too.
The water boss softener resin acts like a magnet, pulling hardness out of the water. Our water tests also allow you to find out whether your water needs to be purified from metal deposits.
Children have toy guns, sure,
Now I have a little bit of news (sad and good news at the same time).
The startling thing is that airline customers get it. Retail customers get it. But, for the most part, clients of global ad agencies still don't get it.
Image tagging
Comparing JessiMon’s guest-regular MD relationship to an open relationship points out an inevitable problem. The green eyed monster does not discriminate. Even those in an open relationship are susceptible to jealousy. Jessica still feels a tinge of jealousy (whether she admits it or not!) when she finds out that Ramon has other regular guests, particularly when the guest is female and has bar fined Ramon. Jess even felt jealous when she found out about Ramon’s special gay friend and saw photos of them together.
It was agreed that Sky would ride back up to Antigua to spend some time in Dr. JP’s hospital while the rest of us looked for either a permanent or foster home. After 2 weeks of treatments, good food and some rest, her mange was dead, fur was beginning to grow back and she was ready for sterilization. All was going quite well thanks to a great team effort.
Also, I was nominated for some blog awards. I put the buttons for those along the right side of this blog. If your have the time or inclination, you can vote for my blog in any or all of the categories.
You fringe dwellers might find this useful.
But this kid got it bad. He was awkward and had a bit of a know-it-all attitude and he didn't wear the right clothes... all of it. He was by every definition, a dork.
I haven't got around to looking out any more photos yet, sorry. I spent the day with Weeza and the children. There was a phone call around 10.30, with Weeza wondering if I happened to be free...? Gus had a stomach bug and there was a lot of washing to be done as a consequence and Zerlina, who was quite well, to be looked after. I gave apologies for my meeting and hot-footed over to them.
Kahera, Akel Ismail. Deconstructing the American Mosque: Space, Gender and Aesthetics. University of Texas Press: Austin, 2002.
According to (hushed) reports, two white reporters were attacked and beaten by a mob of at least 30 blacks in Norfolk, Va. The story went unreported for TWO WEEKS by the very newspaper, Virginian-Pilot, the reporters work for.
So, drumroll please....
Hakima Abbas
3/4 cup heavy cream or buttermilk
This week went pretty well. I did struggle a bit more staying within my calorie limit due to it being my birthday week and us going out to eat twice...plus Justin spoiled me with some goodies at home...chocolate chip cookies for a treat and cinnamon rolls to heat up for breakfast. Yum! Also, we had awesome weather once again but were just too busy to fit walks in. I did stay a little active, though!
Rather than pick one song as my Saturday "dash of happy" song, I have to pick the whole disc. I'm listening to it now, for the first of many times over the next couple of weeks.
01 - Bounty Hunter 03:31
Obviously some hush-hush experimental train powered by gas.
We have made the 3 mile hike to the cave and back a few times.
Let’s look a bit more closely at why and how this works. For Nietzsche, the apparent self-negation of asceticism is illusory – it’s actually a self-affirmation. What has happened is simply that ‘self’ has been redefined: now the self that denies ‘others’ the self that is denied. A faster, for example, identifies themselves with that force, that will, which is triumphing over hunger – the will to food is treated as a subordinate, an alien will to be conquered. In doing so, suffering is not avoided – for the person does not cease to feel the hunger, they cannot deny the fact that it remains their hunger even if they deny it – but now that suffering can be given meaning, can be turned into gratification. Asceticism thus allows suffering to be converted into a sense of power.
“Go on,” says Jae. “Reach in there.”
Hope you enjoy.
01. Allegro
The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. The opposite of beauty is not ugliness, it's indifference.Feeling is the tool that fights indifference. All literature - all stories, all language, all words - are useful - are moral - only in the proportion that they engender feeling.
In the 1960s, one Shrewsbury councillor wanted the entire historic town centre dismantled and rebuilt outside the town so a shopping centre could be built in its stead. Thankfully, he was overruled. Yet the council has wasted many fine buildings, such as the beautiful String of Horses pub, which was removed in 1969 to make way for a traffic roundabout. (It was reconstructed at the Avoncroft Museum of Historic Buildings in Bromsgrove.)
....that's right! They were taken of my LEFT hand instead of my RIGHT! I am a leftie, so my right hand always comes out a smidge better than my left. Take a look at how wonky the nails are on my right hand..
I am a servant of righteousness! Amen!
I am hoping 2011, will be the start of much more of that, and the start of taking back my life for myself.
Whether I like their behavior or not, the fact is that within a couple pages, I’m totally involved in these people and they are real to me. It’s real behavior, it’s familiar to anyone who has had friends at any point in their lives, and it’s detailed without telling me all the details. It’s detailed in the right places. It puts me at the lunch table with Tiny and WG and lets me figure it out, and then gives them senses of humor! WG is fond of these little asides at the end or slipped into the middle of his regular descriptions that crack me up:
saltine crackers
Although I do tend to shower every day, I can't figure out how some of these land people on my blog.
SHAH ALAM — DRB-HICOM Bhd today announced the appointment of an artificial intelligence-enhanced Proton Inspira 2.0 as Proton Holdings Bhd’s new chief executive officer, following the investment conglomerate acquiring the carmaker a few weeks ago.
Talking about my beautiful babies....
The analysis of this experiment, and some similar ones to confirm the hypothesis, was that it was the memory of the pain and not the total amount of pain which had determined how people felt about the experiences. The memory of the pain had lessened intensity because the water had been warmed slightly and it was the intensity of the pain at the last moments which was remembered.
And finally, to round off February--pictures of Gabe swinging at the park!! We were in Spanish Fork (my old stompin' grounds!!) so we decided to stop off at Barry's (CLASSIC--Yum!!) and then headed across the street to play at the SF city park. Gabriel loves the swings. As far as going to the park is concerned--he only cares about that and running around. Doesn't give a second thought to the slide or the jungle gym or anything else (except for when Mama makes him take the slide at least once...)
My kids won't ever know a life without these perks. They will be raised with smart phones, digital notepads, and so much more. They can operate the apps on my iPhone and iPad better than me. It amazes me how fast the maneuver between the different kid apps. Craziness, I tell you!!
Of course the story wouldn’t be complete without an appropriate setting, and Case has provided it on board a fictional aircraft carrier, the Constitution. You can almost smell the sweat and testosterone in these scenes as they jostle aboard her. His apparent knowledge of naval aircraft is an asset as well, with just enough detail to help the reader understand without bogging the pace down in the process.
This made a lot of chili for the three of us, so I froze half of it for one of those work nights when I am too tired to cook. That's when I'm glad that the microwave was invented!
Gillen always gets this expression when he is focused. I wish I'd caught the dimple and the tongue.Lately, he's been focused on hunting - hours and hours of completely silent waiting (no deer hit by him yet) from 5am-11, and then again for hours at night. He's also focused on guitar and on playing with a group of neighborhood boys, and girl, who ride bikes and play football with him once they're out of school. I miss him.
BAITING UP
At some point his nephew enters into the conversation and Muller posts, “Can you divide Ambien in half? Is that okay for children?” followed by:
Nobility with whatever privileges or privileged access (but specifically not wealth) is fine for the endowment of values and the ethos in a sea of faceless, but when their wealth is at an extreme level, they are no longer leaders but glaring symbols of excess, especially in a country that is supposed to be RED, as in Marxist red. In Marxism, the extreme wealthy, even those worth 20 million would be unacceptable (much less 100s of millions or billions) and in the 1960s-1970s the entire crop of leaders worth as much as today or even those 20 million worth would be rounded up, their wealth confiscated and sent to be re-educated if not shot. I personally advocate confiscation to a limit of 20 million with no imprisonment and not any punishment, even letting them continue their businesses BUT any profit gained above 20 million in personal asset there on, should be directed to the various redistribution or aid schemes, or simply to fund any and ALL medical treatment/education/housing at a a quantum of anything more than 10% of yearly savings payable by the patient needing medical-treatment/education/housing, these plutocrat businesses. With owners and directors or stockholders etc.. still limited to 20 million per individual – the excess profits will pay for everything else in costs that everyone else who can’t save 10% of their salaries, 1 billion people maybe cannot afford . . .
Funny story…
Is this the little girl I carried,
I scrubbed the pots clean, then patched up the cracks with Pollyfilla. I then painted all the pots with "Blue Ground " from Farrow and Ball which I still had, and I painted the rim with a different colour, a cream called " Clunch " by Farrow and Ball ( where do they get these names from?!?" Clunch "! Eh ? ) ( Had a little tester pot which cost practically zero).
Having warned the prince, the party rode on toward Fortinbras, anticipating reaching the town by the wee hours of the morning, just before the dawning of Day 176 of their Arandish adventures. It was a cold, clear night, with snow covering the ground everywhere, crunching under their horses' hooves as they headed south.
If there was any doubt concerning the validity of the superintendent search process it should be abundantly clear to everyone that the process was nothing more than a ruse to placate the community.
It has been a suitable word for this year.
Back at the Flying Saucer but now in Charlotte CAROLINA! I hit up ol' girl again, but brought along the baby. I decided I'll go with two flights as opposed to just sampling three beers. So I did the Carolina flight, then did another flight of beers of Carolina beers, and a couple others, including something from Brooklyn. The flights came in 5 ounce glasses, which I think is enough to make it work for my evaluation.
Spanish wine. Best ever. I WILL be bringing some of that home with me. If that means I have to toss out some stuff so it’ll fit in my suitcase–so be it. Rioja. So good.
In any case. Posts on tap for the next week or two weeks or so:
Good things:
It was a little touch and go earlier today with severe thunderstorm warnings threatening the outing. Luckily, the storms blew through early and we had a delightful ride from our marina to the Harbor. Baltimore is really lovely from the water. I recommend that anyone that visits this city take advantage of the water views - even the water taxi will give you a great opportunity to see this wonderful city.
“Y” – Why don’t you just bite me?
What, if anything, do you think potential historical writers should bear in mind when writing for a younger audience?
"Just been to a Health and Safety lecture," she said, "Riveting, it was, absolutely riveting." Her face said differently.
"Yes." Wesley answers, "As soon as every shift ends, we go straight to our quarters and..."
The only other "list" thing I accomplished was creating an iTunes playlist.
You have enriched my life. You have moved me. Made my life a little better.
Ben: Exactly
Freedom's just another word for nothing left to lose,
Took 10 mins to bake(not prep time).... Clean up is a breeze
Retreat
The downside to this place being so busy when we got there it did make the wait for our food was a bit long. Especially for a lunch break from work. I think it is possibly the reason my sauce wasn’t hotter when it got to me maybe it could have been sitting waiting to be delivered. I am not sure if this is the reason or if it just wanted heated up all the way. As much as I dislike slow service I can understand that there is only so much they can do when they have a restaurant full of hungry people.
OU: Notes: This is the famous 'Horoscope' demos which never saw the light of the day. Strangely, Bryan never became happy with this stuff. Since I got this in a trade I dont have any info about lineage, taping equipment etc.
holding you
What is striking about this beautifully-worded memoir is what is doesn’t tell us. What is unsaid is important because it is unimportant. He divulges little to do with the death itself. We are not told its cause or which hospital she was taken to. If you dig around on the Internet you can find out a bit more but (in English at least) there’s not an awful lot there. I can tell you that she died of a brain haemorrhage but I have no idea what the cause was. Words are there to record, yes, that’s one of their functions, but, more importantly, words exist to give those events meaning. On the whole the language is simple, the sentences no longer than they need to be, the chapters short and to the point. There is no wallowing in the moment, no milking the melancholy. Lovers of misery memoirs will no doubt enjoy this book but to call it a misery memoir is to sell it short. It would be like calling Nineteen Eighty-Four a science fiction novel.
the bottom of the glass. You don’t want cubes getting stuck part way down
“Buenas tardes,” I called out.
“As we’ve seen in the first four races, added to that mix will be the additional conundrum of managing the tyres – Barcelona should give all the teams a clearer understanding of how the tyres behave in what’s likely to be a ‘typical’ European race climate. But there will still be plenty to learn.
Now, I can spend those pennies on something more fun this year- perhaps some eggplant seeds? Or another Stevia plant?
75th Street Brewery - Mug Club Mayhem: Monday sparks the week-long special of 40% off Mug Club Memberships and a new addition to the Mug Club program: Friends & Family Referral Bonus - refer a new member to the Mug Club and get $10 back. Also, come in during American Craft Beer Week and get a coupon for a free fill during the month of June.
“I have been so lucky to have crossed paths with Cinderella, an icon who is so emblematic to the shoe world as well as the dream world,” the designer told Women’s Wear Daily on April 26
Tim Kiene, Maryland’s leading power hitter with six homeruns and a .252 average, stepped up to the plate and was immediately taken aback by the off speed pitch from Horne, which resulted in a strikeout to end the third inning.
Below is a character that did not make it into the final film. It was going to be the Sheriff's horse. It was based on a design by Carter Goodrich.
AGI Workforce Program
He appeared to the disciples and showed them His pierced hands and feet. He also ate fish!!
The Shoe Believer by Michael Behar, April 2012 Runner's World
I had my earphones on when I was on the bus ride home today. I don’t usually do that because I hate the feeling when I have to take it off. Everything was perfect and I was in my own world, enjoying the music. I was walking home and there was this sorrowful song playing. And I thought, “An artist at his age.. being able to write such sad lyrics… did he have such sad memories? did he experienced all these?” It hurts a little when I think about it- knowing that he might have gone through such sad times.
The Dayton Police Department is LOWERING its testing standards for (new) recruits.
-shitloads of water
“Hit somebody!”
The House of Pilsner is a fairly low maintenance affair with just a couple of goldfish to be cared for and the daily newspaper and mail to be collected. As we would be away for ten days we were happy a neighbour to look after things for us.
Thanks to all of you who supported us and showed an interest...Keep those comments smokin'...and see you there babies!
A reactive supremo of incumbent power wielders, Umno-BN, at this hour can only pinch here and pare there, paddle here and tamp down there, in an effort to stanch the tide; he cannot stop it.
Pours golden amber with a tight beige head that falls to a nice lace. Nose is pine with biscuty malt then follows to a slight citrus. Hops are spicy, fruity, and floral while the Cascade bitterness lasts throughout the tasting to the back of the throat with easy carbonation. So many flavors in this brew and is so drinkable.
When I saw this little display on a table, a great gift idea for a man hit me.
A third grade dropout, Crimm nevertheless graduated in 1912 from Howard Payne College in Brownwood, Texas, after lettering in four sports. He did post-graduate work at Baylor University in Waco.
How many fresh starts are we allowed in life anyway? I think the answer is: However many we require. I know I've taken my share, and I've currently taken another.
Mango creme
Torture Hindered Hunt for Bin Laden
Cutting diversion funding is an irresponsible approach to budget difficulties that will only exacerbate these problems, with negative long-term public safety consequences and the potential for taxpayers to shoulder the additional burden of costly prison and jail construction.
I originally wanted the bed on a different wall, flanked by side tables. But the dimensions of the furniture and room didn't allow for that floorplan, so it sits snugly in the corner. The main pieces are quite substantial, so I love the juxtaposition of the leggy side table (borrowed from another room, along with a lamp that lost it's home after Lamp-A-Palooza). It's the perfect spot for her Eiffel Tower Jewelry stand.
History (Timeless Decay Mix by Icon of Coil) - Funker Vog
Thank you in advance :)
And then whispered
On May 1st of 1886, the Federation of Organized Trades and Labor Unions passed a resolution in Chicago stating that “eight hours shall constitute a legal day’s labour from and after May 1, 1886, and that we recommend to labour organizations throughout this jurisdiction that they so direct their laws as to conform to this resolution by the time named.”
My question is simple and clear: Why copybotters do that? The only answer i could find is that they try to ”rebel” against Linden Lab
By Joanne Zuhl Staff Writer
The price has, of late, multiplied nearly four-fold on short supply as the last crop in India was less than half the normal output estimated at 2,500 tonnes. Indian demand is estimated at between 13,000 and 15,000 tonnes, said market sources.
South Africa and Mauritius have already agreed to jointly construct a low-frequency array telescope in preparation for the Square Kilometre Array (SKA) bid.
So, as initially promised, I will offer some of my success techniques:
We will wear our Boots today
You cannot beat the British for pageantry. And that was worth it too.
Eldest was a joint best man with the groom's brother. They had written the speech in tandem and it bore all the hallmarks of their twisted sense of humour. Apparently the groom had "more skeletons in his closet than Fred West", but they had managed to whittle the list of misdemeanours down so that it wasn't too tedious: "longer than Abu Hamza's arm but shorter than Ken Bigley's neck" (Ouch!).
Cedar Key is paradise for the hard-core fisherman: Dozens of charter services offer half- and full-day excursions. Fish inshore for trout, flounder, shark, and bluefish, or drop a line (and a hefty buck) offshore for grouper, sheepshead, or king mackerel.
I think, that with the unthinking part of my brain, I used to believe it was a victimless crime.
There was the Puerto Rican receptionist who was 26 and beautiful, and sat there all day smiling in her thick make up. She told me the sex addict had propositioned to her. When I told her that was absolutely disgusting she said these bankers are very rich, and its an easy way to make money. There was the Harvard grad who was trying so hard to be a VP. She wore conservative clothes and constantly worried about securing her advancement - and was probably an embarrassment to her sorority.
My 5 choices for this AWARD are the following wonderful gals :
He was out walking his greyhound, Ben who came to join us immediately. For a moment I was going to be shooting the partnership, which would have been a pity as I would have lost the detail of Barry’s great expression. I commented on how friendly Ben was, to which Barry replied that he was anyone’s friend, but especially if they had a sausage or a pork pie! This surprised me momentarily as greyhounds (Ben included) are so sleek, then I thought of my daughter Holly; long and lean but addicted to pork pies. Nuff said.
Inspired by the sound of the Stones, Yardbirds, Kinks, and other staples of the time, Mike Haskins started playing guitar in the mid-60s. He formed several short lived garage bands and then on one fateful day during a performance, his drummer walked off stage and Barry Kooda jump behind the kit in his place. The two continued on in various groups after that until the Army shipped Barry off to Korea in '71.
So started my decent into grief.
I tried rolling just an inch or two on my head, and my neck hurt. I tried starting with my head almost flipped around so I wouldn’t have too far to go. I tried starting in a yoga tripod position (which I can’t really do, either). I couldn’t do it. Every time the crucial moment–when I had to flip my legs over–came, I started thinking about how this seemed really dangerous and my legs were a lot longer than they had been when I used to do somersaults. Couldn’t I really injure my neck, head, or legs, depending on how they flailed and where they landed? Did I want to end up in the ER simply because I was trying to do a trick not meant for adults? What was I trying to prove, anyway? There are some things that are only suitable for children, and that’s okay.
Now back to the photos! Mom was very talented with sewing, flower arranging and making crafts. I have fond memories of the basement being strewn with patterns & fabric & vases roses & scraps of all kinds. She always had a few projects underway, usually several at the same time. I wish I had some examples of the Barbie & GI JOE clothes that she designed and sold at church bazaars. Here are two of the needlepoints that she did plus a trio of Wise Men that she created for Christmas.
As long as that insight helps to move the agenda forward. This is another way to play "kick the can down the road" when you are actually playing games with the Holy Spirit. The Church got it wrong, and when we finally do see the change we want we will give credit to the mighty move of the Spirit which as we all know when talking about church politics is the mighty move of political machinations.
Jonah shoots one of them reaching for his pistol. Jonah asks the other why they didn't bury the rabbi if they were camped by the wagon? The robber says it wasn't them, the kid came back every night to relight the fire. Avram reaches into Turner's saddlebag and retrieves the box of coins as Turner is pleading with Hex to spare his life. Turner points out that he is worth twice as much alive. Hex retorts with...
and usually the valleys are the wrong times
Thus, US troops would remain "combat-ready" as the United States wound down its longest war, but the troops would largely shift to a train-and-assist role as Afghan forces took responsibility for security before an end-2014 deadline for full Afghan control.
A couple of decades ago, when demand was low, distilleries were giving used barrels away, even one at a time, to anyone who showed up with a truck. Not any more.
La Grande Mademoiselle tells that the child could be of the black page Nabo, of whom the Queen was very fond. The adultery thesis is not considered likely, as the Queen was a very pious woman, and there is no knowledge of even the slightest mistake of hers. It would be very difficult in Versailles to have a liaison and even to give birth in secret. Every Royal birth happened in public, in the Queen's bedchambers, with all courtiers present as witnesses. The little princess Marie-Anne was born (16 November 1664) with a dark skin caused by cyanosis, and died shortly after birth (26 December 1664). Some say that the baby remained black, and had been changed with a dead girl, to avoid scandal. According to Madame, wife of Louis XIV's brother, her husband said that the child was not black at all but very ugly. In any case, although the story about the black daughter of Maria Theresa is unconfirmed, it was still persistent and believed by many.
My mind got stuck on the idea of how much I wanted to see him in that T-shirt and then out of it. I started to worry that I was going to blurt it out by accident, so I kept my mouth firmly shut. I must have looked like a right stuck-up twat. Didn’t seem to bother Ollie, though.
I for one am one of those people, it is not something I am proud of, nor do I like the Idea. However, I understand that the Republicans want to know how to pay for this. The Dems need to find a way and
Recipe & Brew Notes:
But anyway, passion is gorgeous to me. And it's so much easier to identify what your passions are when you've got nothing to undo.
JENNIFER LOPEZ:
Today I wanted to share a quick technique that goes right along with the bricks from Friday. This is a very simple but important trick to keep up your sleeve when you're coloring with Copic markers.
The schoolmaster still smiled his patient smile. “Even the Dutch are not speaking the same language any more, mon ami. The years have made a great difference to us all. The other day I heard a newly-arrived official complain to a colleague that he could barely understand what the Dutch colonists were saying! He described their conversation as ‘Kaaps-Hollands’¨ – Cape Dutch! Some of our French words have crept into their Mother tongue, and some of theirs into ours. A new generation of children have already incorporated a few Malay expressions – and even a Hottentot* sound or two!"
(NOTE: I posted this piece last Friday, then deleted it. I realized I needed a little more time to ruminate on this subject ... so! If you've already seen this in your email or RSS feed, my apologies. I rewrote it and, I hope you like the updated version! --T)
A meeting was set up between Keiser and Wilson, with Keiser promising to use his influence with government higher-ups to get Wilson’s charges dropped, while Wilson put in a claim to be able to cobble up a sit down with the PLO. Keiser said that he had arranged for National Security Council representatives to meet with Wilson in the Dominican Republic. Wilson flew in for the meet, and was arrested before he left the airport. Before the arrest, Wilson had committed to a deal with Keiser to buy land near Disney World.
The literary magazine debate at the 1989 Festival had indeed come full circle. Four years ago editors of small magazines virtually invaded the 1985 Festival. They held a meeting with the Literature Board (which included both funded and non-fund­ed magazines), ran their own very popular session at the Festival and sold small press publications in direct competition to the Co­op Bookshop stand.
Red onion chutney
Tonight ... I'm really glad I did ... 'cause it was sooo good!
Peace out peepers.
Caromal Colours "Reclaim" paint
All different in every way,
Dali
OCBC Investment Research also downgraded SMRT to hold from buy and lowered its target price to S$1.71 from S$2.04 due to lower expected earnings as its expenditure in 2013 will rise to S$500 million as a result of higher expenses incurred for upgrading its assets.
A WIDOW’S HOPE is the first book in The Miller Family Series. I had read the other books in this series but had missed this one, so I got this book so I could read the beginning book. Hannah is very well developed, as are the other characters. Simon and Seth both seem to be main point of view characters as well. I couldn’t understand why Simon disliked Hannah so very much, but Hannah didn’t exactly jump when he said jump.
As you exhale see this energy flowing outward from you and surrounding Jacqueline
Moussaka is a Greek dish, made up of minced meat (usually lamb), tomatoes, herbs and a layer of aubergines on top. This is then covered with some kind of creamy sauce. It could, I guess, be seen as a sort of lasagne, as you get versions that have alternate layers of the meat and aubergines.
Me: Hmmm. Sounds like this guy attended our last All Hands Meeting.
Horchata almond milk is the best antidote for soothing a chill-afflicted tongue, the nutty drink made by blending together ground almonds and water.
I know most of my fellow design team members love Card Creating Tuesday, and so do I, but Wednesday is a challenge! This week, I am again sharing some of the creations I made at my daughters' school. As you can imagine, with the economy in the toilet, school districts have cut budgets beyond recognition. All the little "extras" are gone. Teachers sometimes spends $1000's of their own money to make sure kids have a stimulating, enticing learning environment. I wanted to do my part! Here's just a few things I've made. More to follow in the coming weeks!
My other friend’s loss happened at the other extreme. She lost her elderly mother after a decade of slow, horrendous decline. In fact, her slide had taken so long that when she finally…finally!…began actively dying it was hard to get her doctor to believe it. In the end she was only transferred over to hospice care a scant three days before she died and this made my other friend sad. She would have liked the extra time necessary for everyone to gather and say their good-byes, to turn their familial head downward toward the birthing canal, preparing for their transition into the next world without her.
The man in the chair shuffled..
Progesterone cream - which I currently use.
The beach opposite the tourist office.
to-day’s happy day.
It is, I think, because we live in a world of globalized tchochkes, where Americana is more likely to be found in the pages of airline catalogues - and despite protestations by many a decorator that their work is uniquely American - that America as genius loci is less fashionable than it once was. To claim uniqueness suggests that their work is happening nowhere else. And perhaps in the sense that the Mid-Atlantic, the Anglo-American, or the Cotswold-Virginia Style - call it what you will - is more a provincial than a universal phenomenon - the style is unlikely to be current in Paris, Stockholm, Vienna or Istanbul - one could claim uniquity, at the very least.
I asked Nick about the circumstances of this play, and he said it was on the edge of the left sideline, and he turned to head the ball so it would stay in for play by his team. Truthfully, I can’t remember this play. Sometimes my camera sees what I do not.
Sony ICF-C180COS Radio AM/FM- Dream Machine
Serve with tortillas, cabbage slaw, sour cream and cilantro. Rice and beans on the side are a good addition.
Karen talks about Buddha, mamas, children, love, people, zen... well. All good things, the kinds of things that remind me of my breath instead of my nail polish or tomorrow's responsibilities.
More Show pictures to share, but, my hour is up so gotta run.
the chosen one you are
Ribbon- Carnmeal cottage
In 2011 Outlook had a higher technical specification of staging, lighting and sound systems than any other festival of its size in the world, and 2012 will be no different.
pretend foes,
Today I am delighted to have YA author Nicola Morgan guest posting on my blog as part of her blog tour to promote her new novel, Wasted, which was released in the UK on 3rd May. Take it away Nicola.
If placenta previa, however, does not correct itself there are several things that can be done to manage it. Placenta previa will usually require bedrest and frequent visits to your doctor or hospital. Vaginal exams are not recommended for the pregnant woman with placenta previa. You may be given steroid shots to mature your baby’s lungs because you at risk for delivering early. Treatment will vary depending on how far along you are in your pregnancy and whether you have complete, partial, or marginal placenta previa. If you start bleeding or having contractions, you will be hospitalized. Your doctor will want to monitor you baby’s heart rate and monitor your vital signs as well. If bleeding stops, your doctor may send you home on bedrest. If bleeding cannot be controlled an immediate cesarean section is given regardless of length of gestation. If bleeding is controlled your doctor will discuss scheduling a cesarean section with you. In most cases of placenta previa that does not correct itself, a cesarean section is necessary due to the location of the placenta.
In an 8-9" springform pan, arrange cookies flat, covering the bottom of the pan. Then spread a thin layer of chocolate espresso cream. Repeat the process until you have 5 layers, ending with cream on top.
I hate that so many people go through these thoughts and feelings. But as adults, we at least have the gift of being cognizant of it. We may not be equipped to overcome them, but we know that there are resources available to help us find a healthier balance and come to terms with ourselves. We can rationalize and categorize our feelings, and we can look to our past to figure out why things are the way they are. The perspective of time and the gift of awareness can help us heal.
Through these new tools, marketers can use the customer lifecycle as a dynamic means to engage prospects and customers at the right time, with the right offer, in the way they choose to buy.
Emmerdale: The Longest Day
"I had 10 guys straight out of the community who we trained to be apprentices in construction safety, and another 10 in line behind them," Canada tells me.
Oh, and I almost forgot. I wanted to say congratulations to Talia, who got an A on her Stats test! See, I told you that computer case would work wonders for a Statistics class!
Just barely, by some reflex of his lizard hindbrain, Rel managed to sway away from the edge. He prostrated himself on the concrete, forehead and hands pressed to its cool, smooth-worn surface to keep from rubbing his eyes. Coughing did nothing to ease the cramp of revulsion shocking through him, but if he did put his hands to his face he doubted he could keep from clawing his eyes out.
200g shortbread biscuits (bashed up a bit into chunks)
All week I have been skipping breakfast. I'm just not feeling hungry in the mornings the way I normally do. It is a very strange thing for me since my sweet blood (read diabetes) usually has me shoveling food in my mouth the second I wake up. My blood sugar doesn't seem to be effected, yet. I've been keeping an eye on it so I don't bottom out and faint.
And the farmer and his wife were never seen in these parts anymore.
Spread the remaining filling on the sides of the cake.
FABULOUS!! The kids can't wait to dig into them first thing tomorrow.
When our eldest son Aaron was diagnosed with a muscle wasting condition, we took him to swim with wild dolphins in the Bahamas, words can’t describe the benefits it had on all of us, and we went back year after year as it kept him strong, Deion showed marked improvement, and it was just about the most peaceful place on earth, so we love it there.
Yesterday, we took Caden back to the cardiologist for the first time in six months. I was, admittedly, nervous. And the doctor didn't make it any better by telling us right off the bat that his murmur sounded quite harsh and he also now had a "thrill," meaning you could feel the murmur when you laid your hand over his heart. He said we needed to do an echo to find out more. Once they looked at the echo, however (which Caden handled like a champ), they said that his valve had a noisy murmur but that the function still looked good. And the left ventricle (the one they were worried about because it was thickened)? He said it looked "peppy" now! Hooray for Caden's peppy heart! The doctor said he thinks it will be a few years until Caden's next surgery, and that we don't have to go back to the cardiologist for 9 months. That means he will be over a year old before we see the cardiologist again - that is crazy! I left the appointment feeling so overwhelmed, once again, by the goodness of our God, and the gift of our son. Thanks so much for all your prayers! (sorry for the over-abundance of exclamation points. I feel this is exclamation-point-worthy-news)
Freedom is a decision, it’s a process. You are loved into it. Freedom is about holding your thoughts captive and trusting God for the strength not to go down certain roads in your mind. Freedom is about clinging on to God and trusting his promises. It’s about community – letting others in on your struggles, letting people stand beside you in the fight against lies. Letting people pray for you and with you.
The English Tea Cozy also models the Strawberry Serenade fabric, anchored by a band of blue Poka Dots and topped with a yellow yoyo and felt beads.
Sleeping with his lovely face mask! Anything to make the room dark!
*Please display the CR84FN graphic with your post if you have a blog. Leslie graciously offers her photos as inspiration and I would like to give her proper recognition. My dear hubby Scott takes the time to create the graphic. Seeing the graphic makes it much easier to locate your entry on your blog.
Another insincere use of the “Thank You” comes at the large warehouse shopping club. Some of the purchases come in containers too large to put in a bag, which is the traditional way of showing that you’ve paid for the product. So instead, a bright orange sticker gets affixed to the box saying “Thank You,” which is secret code for “This Item is Not Being Shoplifted.” Innocent enough at the time, perhaps, but a little disconcerting when you face several weeks of having a tub of cat litter thanking you every time you go in the utility room.
hours to get a gallon of gas. They had a totally different
That’s right, I leave for Greece in 1 WEEK. I honestly can’t believe it. I don’t really even like to think about it because I have literally 1,764 things to do between now and then. For starters, what in the world do I pack?!
Opening this disc, is a blues jam between Jimi and Johnny Winter called The Things I Used To Do.
SANTORUM: So, in Massachusetts…
Just finished stretching and gessoing 40 canvases. Ready to paint for the year!!!
Instead, I decided to give it a try to bake my own scones, and not just any ordinary scones.. they were Savoury Onion Scones. You might cringe by just thinking? However, it's not heavily infused with onion taste. Well I think I am suppose to used chives; but I ended up using 1 large white onion, sweating the onions, saute it for a bit and adding some dried mix herbs. It just have the right hint of buttery onion taste and goes perfectly with Boursin, Cream Cheese, Sour Cream and Onion Dip, Curry Chicken or even on it's own. Yes folks, there are endless ways to eat this ultra fluffy and light Savoury Onion Scones.
“Tornado reports are already coming in,” says the National Weather Service forecast offices.
Police were out in force on Thursday last week when about 20 members of the EDL, who say they are against the ‘Islamification’ of England, demonstrated outside the court in support of Peterson.
A Choker is a close-fitting necklace worn high on the neck. This type of jewelry can consist of one or more bands circling the neck.
Preheat the oven to 170C, Gas Mark 3
Yes, I’m back.
Look on in horrore as Frank Broughton makes a dancefloor disappear
During the period when our friendship was having difficulty, Kathy told me, with some asperity, that I was too willing to go along to get along, and that I should stand up for myself more and compromise less. As a person who was usually in trouble for arguing with bosses and on the verge of getting fired, I was rather bitterly amused to receive such criticism.
I looked for the English name of the dumplings on the internet, and there were many versions: “Fried Triangles” (well they are not triangles), “crispy peanut puffs” (there are other fillings in these dumplings), “Yau Kok” (the Cantonese pronounciation), “Yau Jiao” (Mandarin version). I think we better standardize the English name in order to better promote these delicious food. I now will just call them “Chinese New Year Dumplings” which should be the easiest to remember.
I backed it with the sweetest buttery yellow cotton from my favorite hole-in-the-wall fabric store. (Mimi's Treasures in Rock Spring, GA if you are down here!) It was on sale for $1.50 a yard! I bought double what I needed just because I have a horrible fabric hoarding problem! Eek! Anyway, I sandwiched it with it's organic cotton batting, perfect for little sensitive bundles, and then pinned it to the backing and went to quilt it thinking I'd just do a simple little square stitch quilt job when all of a sudden.....
5. The second film, “The Rabbit Hunters,” sort of a moody “I’m Not Rappaport” set on the outskirts in Lisbon, is alright.
This week I was given the opportunity to go into Little S’s Montessori school and observe her class for half an hour. It was an eye-opening experience to say the least… even though it was such a short period of time.
Things are not bad yet, however it seems like I am trying hard to make them go that way. My man is kind and shows me every day how much he loves me and somehow, I find something wrong, something to create a fight over. He truly is a man/gentleman in every sense of the word. He has morals and values and passions and shows me that I am important to him. I know how lucky I am and I don’t want to ruin it, so what in my brain causes me to destroy good things? Don’t I think I deserve to be happy? This is killing me and could possibly kill my relationship if I don’t get a grip. I have to figure this out before I destroy something that could be, actually is great.
That being said, my personal philosophy with cold calling? You should be cold calling or cold knocking any time you are not doing something else productive! Anyone you don’t get this time around, you can always try again in a few months.
My friends, I tell you now that you have seen nothing yet, if you have not seen this movie. This is the film that will make you march on Hollywood itself with signs saying "ENOUGH ALREADY". And I'll let you borrow my sign if you need to, because I too have thought I had seen it all before feasting my beady little eyes on this piece of work.
As a general rule the sort of water you fish can dictate the sort of rod you select. Fly fishing equipment comes in numerous "weights" from one through to twelve. Where low weight numbers like a four are for lightweight delicate casts that you simply would use during a tiny stream or pond, and serious weights like a nine or ten would be employed in massive fast-paced rivers. The lighter weights need a lot of talent as you're aiming for precise, gentle, shorter casts, sometimes to fish that are visible and feeding, and using terribly lightweight lines, tippets and flies. The serious weight rods are conjointly used to focus on visible feeding fish however also fishing blind in lakes and rivers. The larger weight fly fishing gear offers long casts and permits the employment of enormous fishing flies.
“Go take care of him.
I'm not ready to return to those WIPs, though I think both of them are potentially good novels. So I've been working on something new, based on a single opening chapter I wrote some time back. And, to my amazement, it's going swimmingly, and I'm eight chapters along. (Well, as swimmingly as writing has ever gone for me, which is to say 'flounderingly.') I've found I can even write and maintain something akin to normal blood pressure as long as I eventually get up from my desk and go do something reasonably fierce in the way of exercise to blow the tension out of my system.
God is pretty cool...I mean 1, He created us to be who we are, to have choices, to live, to breathe, to have the ability to be friends with Him and with others.
-Button cover kit
You expensive ruthless American-Polish cunt.
After “The Last Days Of Disco” and “Metropolitan”, Whit Stillman is clearly the master of a type of film I describe as “angst at the top, with wry giggles”.
* Lindsay Davis and Themi Leftheris
Something clicked. I didn’t know him at all. But he looked like my hero. Pretty much exactly like my hero. I knew it in my gut.
Hair Clip: Panda Express – Sirens Hair Clip (Fantasy Faire)
What you will learn from this book
It took nine minutes for the first pair of headlights to appear from the darkness more than a mile west. Almost two minutes later, a blue flash appeared when the officer flipped on his headlights exactly as the Cadillac ran across his dashboard. The trooper pulled out of the access road followed by the Mustang.
To think that all unschooling is, is teaching a child without the child ever realizing they're being taught is to completely misunderstand what unschooling is and how it works. Well, I'm here to say that:
Sound like something you'd like to do? Then come back and next time we will talk about the importance of knowing the right colors for you.
5) I am not intellectually convinced that Jesus is who He is claimed to be.
As my husband Roland will tell you, I am great at deciding what I don’t want. Sometimes, like now, I just can’t figure out what I do want. I know I don’t want another PC government. Alison Redford’s talk of change is just that—talk.
* You have a shoebox full of “dead” batteries.
Schweinsteiger faced Casillas to complete an unlikely rout to embarrass Jose Mourinho. The final kick rubbed salt into the La Liga campaign that saw Barcelona bow out to Chelsea 24 hours earlier and of course, setting up a potential thriller between the Blues and Bayern who will be hosts. Both finalist will play their respective FA Cup final matches before the Champions League final.
Me: come on eat up
He sat in the kitchen while I cooked dinner and told me over and over again how everybody hates him, everybody thinks he's ugly, and they are right. He is ugly. He is hideous.
As a designer, sometimes we are asked to start from scratch and other times all a client needs are just the finishing touches. Finishing touches are all this already beautiful home needed. We are not done, but I thought I would show you a few before photos and a little of the progress we have made so far. This is where I started:
tutti frutti fun. he still knows how to make me laugh 15 valentine's days later. making valentines (bull city craft). a new nighttime ritual -- the jigsaw puzzle, princess style. cuddles on the couch. painting on the porch. swooning over daddy's creation of her name in playdoh. where's sydney? the stomach bug strikes. big boy slides. getting our craft on with audrey (bull city craft). a foster's lunch date - "i just love their grilled cheese, mother!". mommy and me and mini matchy me. rolly polly at the museum. riding the train (museum of life & science). their new favorite fresh beat episode -- the wizard of song.
Bottom Row: Yoghurt with sprinkles (representing the Dairy Pavilion - one of our favourites, as they give out heaps of yummy samples); two Apple People in a teacup (representing the Spinning Teacups ride, which is The Muffin's favourite); Bread and cheese Horse with a cheese "Best In Show" ribbon (representing the animals on show).
In the coming weeks leading to Mardi Gras Day, I will join Cajun Chef Ryan, a New Orleans expat in delving more into the history of Mardi Gras and more importantly into our favorite foods we like during this festive and indulging time. As we say around here, Laissez les bons temps rouler! (let the good times roll).
“Why wasn’t he moved this afternoon?”
Have we ever done anything else?
(DEF II, v.3, ch.37, p.411)
I have this little model in my head to which I often refer when I’m trying to puzzle out some theory. It’s the idea of a specific interdependent relationship–form and function, particle and wave, matter and energy, meaning and purpose, etc. My inclination is that this is “the image of God” that creation mirrors, the idea of a Father and a Holy Spirit. I haven’t figured out the nature of the third part of the Trinity, the Son, and His inclusion, except for the clue in the Lord’s Prayer (or what we decided to add as a close, anyway), “for Thine is the kingdom, and the power, and the glory forever and ever.” Kingdom being the “matter” or make up, power being the “energy” or force, and glory as–what? beauty? essence? mystery? truth/self evidence? all of the above? (I’ve been looking into Aristotle’s divisions of pathos, ethos, logos. They’re semi-appropriate.)
I will trade my invention that is potentially worth over $100 Billion USD for a world class Porsche Road Racing Sponsorship (or Formula 1) + a $89.9 Million USD fee (free marketing is included in the deal.
Rim 2 margarita glasses by coating the rim in lemon juice and then spinning the glass in a plate of course salt. Drop Tequila infused Jalapeno coins into the glasses for garnish.
Our rough start only got worse. The directions I'd been given to pick her up were dodgy at best. My contact with the service had said Charleston, an easy transport, but it turned out to be Cross Lanes which made it a bit out of my way.
God created the heavens and the Earth.
My mom always told me that "along with sunshine there needs to be a little rain sometimes"...and that it's the rain that helps us appreciate the sunshine.
The lawyer for the plaintiff has paid me $10,000 to swing the case her way.
200g digestive biscuits
We're a week into this Catrice Month! Yay! :)
Including the concept of good and bad, wrong and right and yes, beautiful and ugly. But think about this for a while – what if we never knew all these?
We would love to thank our sponsors for supporting our team and this great charity! If you would like to be a sponsor pop us an email we would love to hear from you.
Water is essential for life. Humans have no capacity to store spare water, so we must quickly replace any that is lost.
“Tough,” he said as he continued to drive. “I want you to stay away from him.”
The report into the institutionalised wrongdoing at the publicly-funded family firm known as the All Wales Ethnic Minority Association (AWEMA) has finally been made public. It can be found here. The first thing I noticed was that the report was jointly produced by the Internal Audit Services of the Welsh Government and the Big Lottery Fund. A rather obvious attempt at blame sharing, but why did the Big Lottery Fund fall for it?
Besides, if fair-minded political observers want to complain about an institution taking too much time off, I’d recommend looking away from the White House and towards the other end of Pennsylvania Avenue.
Brownstoner dug up a macabre tale from Brooklyn's past, featured yesterday in their excellent "Walkabout" series on Brooklyn history. It is the story of Captain Peter D. Lark, who in 1899 was captain of the Green-Wood Cemetery police force. Yes, the cemetery had its own police force. Remember that Green-Wood was a huge tourist attraction back in the 19th century, said to rival Niagara Falls in its number of visitors. Captain Lark and his 12-man brigade were charged with keeping vandals from desecrating the sacred ground.
The feds feverishly seek to find the device, and to catch the group’s leaders. It fails, and the bomb is detonated in a desolate place. Perhaps 24 hours before detonation, the group makes public where the bomb will be detonated, so that the few people in the area have time to evacuate.
or so I've heard.
Mood: Many peoples' memories of summer revolve around summer vacation, picnics, barbecues, and staying up late. Summer evokes happiness and nostalgia and memories of carefree childhood.
From early on we know that Jónas has been exiled with just his wife for company. She constantly berates him for “that sort of nonsense that got us here in the first place.”
It is quite laughable when you watch the recent never ending documentaries about gypsies and how the are subject to predujide by "town folk". It is little wonder that this is the case when they tether their livestock wherever they want, seemingly free of punishment. If one of us let our dogs walk unleashed and they ran into the road and caused an accident no doubt we would be imprisoned! I live near the Water Lane camp and have to put up with their scrote children riding quad and trail bikes on council owned ground with no intervention. Once again, we the tax paying public have to put up with these travellers that choose to flaunt the law and get away with it. Once they start acting like law abiding citizens, then we shall start treating them like law abiding citizens. Well said. Time for some more target practice, Yorkshire Police?
Street League Skateboarding™ is the first sports entertainment property that gives professional street skateboarding its very own league for individual competition. Street League features the exclusive participation of the world’s best professionals, the most prize money in skateboarding history with a $1.2 MM purse, and real skate plaza course design inside world-class arenas. Driven by the need to enhance the experience of live professional street skateboarding, Street League utilizes real-time scoring and a proprietary format that makes every trick count. Street League is created and hosted by twenty-year professional skateboarder and entrepreneur, Rob Dyrdek. More information is available at www.streetleague.com.
Just had to get that off my chest.
In my post yesterday, I talked about thinking I am done with going to boot camp class at the gym. It makes me sad, but I think it might be the right thing to do for me. I'm hoping to keep going to zumba, but nobody showed up last night. I'm just going to keep doing the SJ boot camp and I have the wii zumba disc. I've been walking in the morning too. I think it will be fine.
I need help - will anything but cotton cause Jungle Crotch? Thanks Karen for that one! How much they show under clothes? Frilly or not so frilly? Long or short? Is it a good idea anyway?
I have my other two serious exams tomorrow morning and Friday (both open book, but curved, and the rest of my Type A+++++ peers always do the most up to and Including cheating). Have I spent every waking moment cramming? NOPE. I briefed IP cases and highlighted important sections of my outline last night. I will be reviewing an Evidence outline and doing an IP practice exam later this afternoon and this evening. Other than that, I’m chilling. I woke up at 10:30am, worked out, vacuumed, watched The Devil’s Advocate on tv, put in a load of laundry and poked around Facebook and Google Reader and now I’m blogging. I just don’t have it in me. And unlike everyone else who is filling their 3L schedule with bar exam subjects and practice electives, I’m signed up for stuff like Therapeutic Jurisprudence and Comparative Law. Oh, and a four hour practicum so that’s less time I have to spend at school and one less final.
Hearing a rumor that the Eagle has been seen in a tribal temple in the far north, Marcus is galvanized into action, and sets off with Esca across Hadrian’s Wall. But the highlands of Caledonia are a vast and savage wilderness, and Marcus must rely on his slave to navigate the region. When they encounter ex-Roman soldier Guern (Mark Strong), Marcus realizes that the mystery of his father’s disappearance may well be linked to the secret of his own slave’s identity and loyalty – a secret all the more pressing when the two come face-to-face with the warriors of the fearsome Seal Prince (Tahar Rahim).
There is no ultimate, final, perfect son. We are all chips off the old block, but perfection should not be implied with the parent any more than with the child.
I’ve been left behind by some big-headed official with no sense of his surroundings.
Bye for now and have a terrific day.
Finally, after weeks of fighting with the new OSX Github client, I went back to the old classic command line system, and finally managed to get my stuff in github ! (but I’m also not an expert on Github, so for sure my mistakes)
5) Food Processor - I know I just hated on cuisinart but I do like my food processor. It is way too flippin small, so you know I registered for a big ass 16 cup food processor, but Cuisinart get's the job done just fine there. ( word to the wise - when you see the blender/food processor combos - don't think this is a good way to cut corners. It's twice as likely to break on you.)
Pitt County Coalition for Educating Black Children
All I ask of you to is make one small softie (or oodles if you like!!!) to provide a child in these shelters a small comfort and hope that people are rallying behind them....that the world is a good place. They don't need to be grand and small enough to pop in a bag and conserve vital space. This would be merely an afternoons job for you that would provide immeasurable comfort!
Today is Dance class and I will find a chair to sit and watch my lil G do her favorite thing.
The knots reverberate.
Sept. 27, 2011 - The girls and I crawled out of the trailer at the crack of dawn and headed straight to the local coffee shop for a buzz-buzz for me, rest stop for them before I drove us all to the ferry. By the time we'd made the 10-minute drive, the girls were already fast asleep in the back seat.
The berry cake was DIVINE. Chocolate cake: I heard it was good, I guess it’s all relative.
There is no time to waste. If we don’t learn from history, we will repeat it. We cannot be afraid to empower ourselves as a free people and make our democracy work.
If I Could Keep You Little takes the reader on a journey of memory and expectation, exploring real insights into the human spirit. Marianne's artwork beautifully illustrates these complex emotions and her insightful prose showcases the fleeting little moments that reveal how a child changes and grows.
Phillip Owen from the ecological-watch organisation GeaSphere, based in Mpumalanga, said the situation in the Kruger Park ‘is a disgrace,’ writing in the Sunday Times; “That’s supposed to be our premier wildlife area, but it is impacted by the mismanagement of our rivers.”
With over a decade of living my dreams and experience gained through both successes and “temporary setbacks”, my desire is to be a resource to both encourage and practically assist others to “do what they need to do so that they can create and do the things that they want to do”, the things they feel they were made for. I look forward to meeting you, hearing about your dreams and watching you accomplish the pro-jection of those dreams into reality.
light. The sun rises again.
A Mother's Prerogative, I tell you. Come on, you all know that!
Actresses with rectangular faces: Gwyneth Paltrow and Terri Hatcher.
Bertrand Russell was a better philosopher than Aynrand Russell.
To make room for its pursuit,
‘Christians, however, if they act properly and are not wicked, do not need to obey the political authorities but should organize themselves in autonomous communities on the margin of society and government.’
We all get quiet, as quiet as we can,
Seeing the explosion was not backed up with a further blaze of burning oil or steam from water radiators, its unlikely these burst in the fire. Then as most of the electronics are in the right hand sidepod, again these can be discounted. This leaves the obvious exception of the nitrogen cylinder. This is required as F1 engines do not use valve springs but instead a pneumatic pressure keeps the valves pressed open against the cam. In order to provide this pressure and as the system loses a little pressure during the race, a pressurised chamber maintains the required pressure. This comes in the form of a ~half litre aluminium cylinder. (Circled red – twitpic.com/5yycsi )
Guys, I am super duper excited! My first blog post for Alabama Baby Magazine went up last week! You can check it out here! I'm on cloud nine. So if you are visiting from Albabymag.com welcome and thank you so much for stopping by!
At protesting guys
How fiercely we drink each other,
Marching with a mismatched stride,
As I was finishing the bags up last night my 3 yr. old son was stressing that he wanted a purse for himself. I told him I would make him a tool belt instead. He was okay with that but still insists that I make him a purse too!
3. I like to play Bananagrams inside and go for walks outside.
And here's a little something for me. You can't tell from the pattern but these fabrics will make an adorable snowman wall hanging. They had a sample made up at the show and I was hooked by the red & aqua. It'll be great in my dining room some day.
Eleven minutes yet. Not exactly hours, but no call to be pushing him around. Rel looked up. The peak of the vaulted roof was twenty feet up; he’d never been in a building with higher, though there were towers in the old city a dozen times that.
Step 3: Start to add milk slowly into the mixed
This brings out the larger question, where are you within yourself? What value judgements are we making by entertaining and accepting specific thought-emotion combinations?
This system provides a good spread of scores making ties unlikely, but the arithmetic confuses some players (the idea that scores must add up to 48 helps eas this a little). It does heavily penalise losing, making cautiously not losing (even if by playing for a draw) more attractive than a win big or lose big strategy. This can have a tendency to encourage overly defensive play or agreed draws.
To ME; “me too!!”
On Christmas Eve morning, after breakfast was done, we sat at the kitchen table with scraps of paper saved up over the year. Some we folded into star shapes, others were cut into snowflakes. Mom and the older girls threaded string through them so that they could be hung on the tree. Dad, who headed to the workshop directly after breakfast, returned with a small box full of wooden stars. He dumped them onto the table and then went to the kitchen drawer and took out the stack of empty tea packages. With great care, he showed us how to cover the stars with the wrappers so that the silvery lining made them shine. We were thrilled with our new decorations. This year our tree would be the most beautiful.
“Years, I guess. I honestly don’t remember the last time.”
During the colder months I do bake Salmon, but we prefer Grilled Sockeye Salmon. Seafood is GREAT!
This is a film I have a long, long history with. The original that is. I've said on here before that I don't have a storied film past... movies were just not something my parents presented to us as kids. But Clash of The Titans was one I caught on television very soon after it was released. I'm not sure of the year exactly, but it had to have been in the early 80s.
Speaking professionally, there is simply an irreducible number of software bugs per thousand lines of code. So sorry, that's our reality. It's also a truism that a software architecture is like a battle plan - it never survives its first encounter with the enemy (in the case of software, that would be the end users). Again, that is our reality.
The sticks make sense once you read the sentiment. I love the wisdom in children's books. Life's lessons can be profound and uncomplicated.
“Hi.” Addison tried to keep her voice calm as she gritted her teeth. She was very angry about catching Christian with another woman and hearing him flirting with her made her blood boil. “I just called but my call didn’t go through, can you try for me again?”
Till you spend half your life just covering up
I hope you enjoy viewing them!
2) Participate in the Red Bull Flugtag
I’m such a hoarder that I can’t get the idea of collecting them all out of my head.. lol.. pity 05 Pastel Peach is LE and no longer available.. That kinda dampens my collector’s spirit.. but if anyone has one in need of a better home, let me know! hahahahaha
Keep these facts in mind when "donating". As you open your pockets
I admit, it's not a very exciting thing to do over the weekend, but, I enjoy ironing. And especially this time of year, when so much energy is used for buying and accumulating and acquiring, small household tasks keep me focused on the simpler parts of the holiday, the parts that have to do with family and home.
She needs to be “the right Alice,” you see, because the right Alice is foretold to be the slayer of the Jabberwocky on Frabjous Day, whatever the stupid that means.
The way up the mountain, a place of indescribable exposure and dislocation, is not the one you want and not the way you think it is. Thomas Vaughn writes, in the Lumen de Lumine: “There is a Mountain situated in the midst of the earth or center of the world, which is both small and great. It is soft, also above measure hard and stony. It is far off and near at hand . . . In it are hidden the most ample treasures, which the world is not able to value . . . To this Mountain you shall go in a certain night—when it comes—most long and most dark . . . insist upon the way that
‘It would be much better to rename Heathrow Airport or the new London skyscraper, The Shard, after her. At least they have been built in her lifetime: Big Ben is older than she is.’
Sonic Blitz AdventureSonic Blitz Adventure
-equation price of heating oil and motor
The original idea to change the layout of the square appears to come from (unelected) development agency Yorkshire Forward which is offering £6m for the 'renaissance' of Huddersfield.
So what’s next? I’m not really certain. As I hover around the 60 pounds off mark I feel like there is some cross roads coming. I don’t really know what they are yet. I’ve never banned food and I don’t think I will ever start to, but maybe trying to add in some more nutritionally dense choices. I’d like to say the exercise thing will be more structured, but I’m just more of a zen type guy. I got a bit sick and the side effects of the medicine have given me a low grade headache I keep confusing for a low blood sugar hunger. Then again maybe that’s just an excuse.
But the only one who should not have been there was Lee Oswald, which led me (Jim Fetzer) to suppose that the man whose face and shirt had been obfuscated was Lee, who even told Will Fritz he was “out with Bill Shelley in front” during his interrogation:
The other day, I was discussing with my family whether people can change. Actually, it wasn't so much a discussion as me posing a theory, them agreeing, and then all of us providing more and more evidence. Which is pretty much my favourite kind of discussion, at least while on holiday.
You can find more inspiration using Elisabeth Bell's digital images at the Digi Bells Design Team blog here.
Therapy Dogs
Seeds can lie dormant
I'm a day late. I know, I know. But in my defence, my review of Insurgent was posted yesterday and I didn't want to hassle everyone with another post. That gets me off the hook, right?
Lovelock also declared in the interview that “as an independent and a loner,” he did not mind saying, “All right, I made a mistake,” adding that university or government scientists might fear that admission of such a mistake could jeopardize their funding.
I was shadowed yesterday by the Child Abuse Fairy. The ubiquitous CAF floats about in the ether, gently dusting rednecks with her invisible patrilineal glitter, and they respond in turn by immediately perpetuating their own misery. Granted, I was asking for it. I was shoe-shopping. Anyone who tries to save seven dollars by visiting two different Walmarts and a Payless in one day – and then, for shits n giggles, a Target – is begging for a karmic smackdown. But it wasn’t me getting hit upside the head. No, it was the two year-olds. Little tiny booger-picking, curly-headed babies. In the check-out line. In the parking lot. And in front of the gift cards. The toddlers must have been secretly planning a riot, because Moms everywhere were slapping the crap out of them.
I can see how the ability to trust gets destroyed easily. But I always want to be a partner my lover can trust. Lemme say …..I’m worried. I don’t think I’m alone. I don’t see too many folks who have real trust in their partner. If that’s all there is …. I need to give my love to some other cause.
“At this point, it’s now going to be in the hands of the NTSB and the FAA, plus any Jamaican government authorities that may be involved, and to start and sort of backtrack and see what happened and how it can be prevented from happening again,” an AA spokesperson said.
When I got to that place, I simply shifted. And each perspective and tense works in a very specific way: Roelito is a ninth grader who’s not too certain of his future, so to constantly validate himself, he speaks in the first person and present tense (this because he’s got no idea what’s coming next); Beto speaks in the more egotistical third person, and in the past tense because, well, hasn’t he already lived life to know what it’s all about; and Jessy speaks in the second person, almost like a disembodied soul, based strictly on the harsh life she leads.
7. I have had a book dedicated to me
Since the deregulation of the Australian Wheat Board (AWB) there has been no government agency looking after the interests of Australian wheat farmers. Foreign biotech corporations cannot be trusted with control of Australia’s wheat industry.
And I wish I could look the devil right in the face right now, because I would tell him this: As for you, you meant it for evil against me, but God meant it for good. Because in spite of what life throws at us sometimes, GOD IS GOOD.
4. Try to add press release/images into the body of the email.
application and I applied for 15 jobs last year with no response, not even an interview.
Last week I found the quilt and decided to launch a rescue mission. First step was to remove the cat hair, damp rubber gloves worked wonders for rubbing it off, then I took the binding off, and undid all the quilting (luckily it was only stitched in the ditch around each large block).
It was eleven o’clock at night; but nobody was asleep. Riley walked into the newly renovated
A few Lefèvre Interiors oak finishes. We don’t have standard finishes, we always try to make a personal finish for every new project.
113) making beautiful new friends today- they were dressed in red
Apparent Attenuation: 94% (!!)
When life gives you lemons...
Again, I've gone mega, mega long here, so I'll finish by saying this. Editing can be fun. It can also be stressful. And frustrating. Even a little painful. And that's just within one page! But I honestly would not want to be published if I had to share my work in its unedited state. Working with an editor is a chance to learn wonderful things about the craft of writing in general and your own strengths and weaknesses in particular. Having a great editor allows you to take risks, try out crazy stuff that might not work because you know you've got someone in your corner who will lay it on the line for you and tell you if you messed up and how.
My only other slight criticism would be that ‘When God Was A Rabbit’ pushes its point home too hard on occasion especially in its gay sensibility. I think the fact that every other character in the book happened to be gay was brilliant and I could see what Sarah Winman was doing, but that isn’t the way it is in real life is it? It’s meant to be one in ten people, not one in every two. I also wasn’t sure how I felt, in terms of stereotyping, about some characters for example Arthur, who comes into the book about half ay through, is a wonderful character lovely older gay man on the whole but did then fall into a cliché by screaming or saying to our narrator ‘popularity, my dear, is as overrated as a large member’. Whilst yes it did make me laugh, that fact it’s said to a girl of twelve seemed a bit wrong, it reflects that rather archaic view that old gay men can be rather pervy and inappropriate and one we should be stamping out. Maybe I am being too critical there?
Possibly, given that the general public has no idea that these schemes exist and won’t know you bought your publishing credit--and assuming that the anthologies are professionally produced and edited (not a guarantee--this is definitely a case of try before you buy), and that the anthology company will actually send you the books you purchase. But if you’re seriously considering paying for something like this, ask yourself whether it’s worth laying out several thousand dollars just to be able to say you got published in an anthology series no one ever heard of--and whether you really want several hundred books that you’ll either have to hustle to sell, or stuff in a dark corner of your basement.
Well... we hope that their fab creations have whetted you appetite to join us this week...this challenge runs for 3 weeks so plenty of time to have a go...we all look forward to seeing your creations....
We all love vampires, but what's the deal with all the 'good' ones in films like We are the Night (2nd down from top, below), Interview with a Vampire, Near Dark, and others I'm sure I can't remember, wherein people become vampires only to also become pious, refusing to slaughter innocent humans, feeling guilty about it when they do, and giving the vampires who kill and drink humans a rough time, worse than preachy vegans. Give them a goblet of blood they'll drink it and never ask where it came from, but killing humans is, like, wrong, just like the 'good' Terminator can only shoot humans in the legs, and Batman even risks collateral lives to not run over the Joker on his gay little scooter (The Dark Knight).
The winter Newmarket Farmers' Markets are held every third Saturday through April.
It brought back memories of being young, care-free and fearless. Now we have to worry about working and making sure bills are being paid compared to; making sure you got home in time after school to watch your favourite cartoons which of course would lead to go out and play.
Boots boots
With her letter she attached an article regarding The Atonement and how it helped someone survive their divorce. I cried as I read it, because somehow in the midst of all these months, I had forgotten I didn’t have to deal with this alone.
So I just clamped my hands down over my ears as tight as I could and hummed real loud, and I guess I didn’t know my own strength and got carried away, because the next thing you know I’ve managed to squeeze my own fucking head down a couple helmet sizes. So good job there, me. Fucking Tirion.
The laws and safeguards that were mandated and followed by those who were law abiding, had an impact and helped to bridge the educational and economic chasm. However, it is human nature to take a good thing and exploit it to the point that it becomes a bad thing. The government, (that's us) did just that. For when things got back on an even keel and even started to lean in the opposite direction we failed to adjust the steerage. In doing so, we increased the injustice in the opposite direction and instead of helping those in need we created a segment of the population that is totally dependent on government for everything they have. We were forced by government (our elected representatives) to choose from a mixed bag of choices what category we fit into. By its very nature, this type of pigeon holing is divisive. We should never have to mark these boxes again. We are all citizens of the United States of America. I wish someone in the legislature would move to have all reference to race, skin color, national origin, language, or any other arbitrary and unnecessary classification removed from all government documents.
I have mentioned in previous Motherfucker Lists that the person who invented the self-checkout is a motherfucker on a scale previously unknown.
Now the thing that was odd about that statement was that he was wearing a t-shirt yet we were at a country club. As you may or may not be aware, country clubs as institutions frown upon shirts without collars. Delhi Golf Club is no different. Apparently, Rahul, who spent his day addressing parliament on the anti-corruption Lokpal bill, wasn't above this rule. Someone brought him a golf shirt. Continuing his unassuming routine for the night; one minute he was wearing a black t-shirt and the next he was wearing a gray golf shirt. I didn't even notice the change.
Location: Our house in Batangas
The shockwave of glass rocked me off my feet and I toppled to the ground at Cloak’s airy feet. His purple aura was strong again, his power emanating in waves of joy and praise.
I'm considering alternate plans....one of the issues is I continue to have health issues and need my vacation time to be used for these instances. Shit it is only the first week of the year and I miss 4 out of 5 working days. WTF.
And Sarah adds that her favorite line from True Colors is in the Tip & Techniques section on page 274...
Bali. When I am there, I can’t do anything but holiday.
Sensuous as sin itself and wild as his native Scottish Highlands, Robert MacDarren had no intention of settling down with one woman. Yet the agreement he’d stuck to keep the peace required he marry the orphaned beauty and bring her back to his castle at Craighdhu for safekeeping. It was to be a marriage in name only-and only for one year. He never suspected that the meek hostage he had been promised would prove to be this firebrand of a woman who would challenge his mind, arouse his passion, and lay siege to his hear.
A PR Agency could potentially combine everything I’ve mentioned above. PR agencies work with different clients in all types of industries to create PR campaigns. I would have the opportunity to work with a variety of clients on a regular basis. My day to day would be different, which I think I would really enjoy. For some additional information regarding PR agencies, check out PR 20/20.
To me, Whitney Houston was a very talented singer who wasted that talent by gratuitously showing off.
again, a stepping stone.
And at the time of the National Assembly elections two weeks ago, the political realities dictated that the NFP undergo significant changes. President Lee Myeong-Bak's popularity has cratered, at this point only garnering around 30% approval rating. As a former CEO of Hyundai, Lee's policies were unapologetically pro-business, pro-free trade, anti-labor and anti-distributive policies. The result was a disastrous drop in popularity, and the progressives made significant inroads by arguing -- probably correctly -- that Korea needs to strengthen its social safety net. The strength of this argument crested in October 2011, when the progressives took over the Seoul mayor's seat.
I got the shade 10 Beige, which is the lightest of their warm tones. It’s a bit ticker, but that doesn’t really bother me… what it does bother me is that it is super yellow! I have to be careful with it, to prevent that by applying to much or something… I don’t really know… I’ve only used it three times, maybe I need more time with it to give my opinion.
I've decided I want to be like Flo when I grow up. She's a seasoned soul who has seen and done a lot in her life (80+ years) and when she finally goes out (years from now), she'll leave behind people who love her and a pile of quilts that will stagger any imagination.
***If you would like to know more, there is a set of tools, and a pathway, that the Archangels have set up to assist us in engaging and directing this Shift. All are available right now (many of them free of charge) on the Mastering Alchemy website.
I just cry and cry and cry and cry until I laugh and hold him close to me and promise to always take care of him and feed him cheeseburgers.
Campaign season is burning me out just a little. So I’m going to try (emphasis on the try part) to take a short break on politics for a few days (maybe a week)…
I grew up with Old Delhi food and it is still unmatched . The sweets – imarti, jalebees, rasmalai, rabri, khurchan , pedas, nankhatai and all the other mouth-watering delicacies which are specialties of the walled city . The namkeens – power packed samosas, kachoris, matar kulcha, chole bhature, kebabs and the variety of mughlai food.
dark woods on my left,
5. Lullaby of the Leaves (Petkere-Young)
“Under the Sea” (The Little Mermaid)
Normal people don't get gunned down in their homes.
This is the age and stage where girls (and boys too) really treasure and a personal interest in the decoration of all as a party theme - and also take the lead in planning and execution. Here is the opportunity to be lucky Beliebers (or PreBeliebers) share some of their own ideas Justin Bieber party. So whether you are in the know about the Bieb, here's a way to participate, get with it and be just in time for a ball Bieber!
1 heed
If you love the sun, the ocean and would like a vibrant energy for your next wedding or special event, please contact us: 954.632.7771 info@haselbdesigns.com www.haselbdesigns.com
I type the 'lol' because as we know all too well, this IS a daily struggle!!
MILES REDD; Interior Designer
When my husband and I were first married there was the honeymoon phase. Life was grand- I woke up to glitter and rainbows every day. Then came the adjustment phase- uh- not so great. Little things like leaving socks on the floor, not picking up his towel, leaving glasses on the counter drove me nuts- and I let him know all about it every chance I got. Sure I drove him nuts too, my anal ways about housekeeping- among lots of other things. But we worked through it. Both of us had to grow up and realize that we were each our own individual - but joined. It was not about who was right or wrong, it was about learning to adjust to each other.
After months of planning and searching for the right companies I have finally finished my mailers and they are ready to be shipped out to potential clients. Sending out a mailer to potential clients is an absolute must to grow your photography business.
bread making
That’s it folks! Brunch at home, following Paleo guidelines, and saving you money!
“And so it must end!” he yells to all
So finally, I settled on Jadis Illiana Argiope. Jadis, being the name of the White Witch, The Queen in the Chronicles of Narnia. I took this name in honour of my mother. Illiana, being a name that my closest sister and I came up with many years ago, determined to be among the most beautiful sounding names a woman could have. And Argiope, mostly because it just fit, but the attraction to it can be accredited to my father because of the arachnofilia and the love of strange things he inspired in me and my younger siblings as a child. And so, I consider all three to be in honour and devotion to my Mother, Sister, and Father, all in ascending order.
I think part of it is cultural: the slightest whiff of mentioning you want something or you are considering something is misinterpreted as a request for that other person to do it for you. I mentioned the car seat, and it was heard as a request to remove it. Or you mention wanting to go somewhere and the person who hears it thinks you want them to be your guide. Or you mention replacing an item lost in their house or car (because you are intending to replace it yourself) and the person thinks you are hinting that they should replace it. Where we hear idle talking, or thinking out loud, a lot of people here seem to hear subtly-worded requests.
Howard Messer - bass
Another time I remember being locked into the toilet with a friend which was scary as a young child.
By simply reading the title of this book I knew Tania Head's story was not true. However, it was hard not to appreciate what she was doing for the survivors. The entire time I read I wondered (and probably always will) what caused Head to decide to deceive so many others - a group so vulnerable and hurting themselves. Although this was a sad story - both for the survivors and about Head- it was a fascinating look at one woman's motives and desire to be a part of this horrible human tragedy.
Oh no...no, no, no. The work is not over, my friend. In fact the madness has just begun. I honestly thought that all the reno work of the last 6 months was exhausting enough, but nothing, I repeat nothing, matches the stress and exhaustion of having your home on the real estate market!
The satin ribbon I folded into a rosette kind of shape & secured with a few stitches before adding a Marianne Creatable snowflake to the centre and finishing it off with a gorgeous spotted button. The twine knotted through the button was a regular greyish-string colour but I recoloured it black with my Promarkers. The two tiny white snowflakes on the snowflake print dp are the punched out residue from a Martha Stewart border punch.
The C3 Website has a photo of Steven Furtick with a quote next to his face. How can Furtick supposedly state “There is a lost, hurting, broken dying, desperate, sorry world without Christ”, when he himself abuses Christians, sensors the gospel and elevates himself to some type of messianic figure?
The Exner Files: Judith Campbell Exner, JFK and the Mob
I have received the following report from a reader. It gives us some more of that pesky general population data -- the sort of data that almost all psychologists avoid like the plague. Students are SO much better at giving responses that accord with Leftist stereotypes:
The bill sailed through the state senate but when it reached the house, quelle surprise!, it never made it to the floor.
The Second regiment wasn't formed until February, 1813, and saw action at Bautzen as part of Bertrand's corps.
He would have told her how long it had been since he'd seen a summer meadow, with or without butterflies adorning it, but he was too aware of the feel of her hand on his arm. She was not applying any pressure at all, but it drew his senses. That butterfly touch, even muted by her gloves and his coat, made him aware of how alien she truly was, how soft and clean and fragrant, so different from the men with whom he spent his days and his nights.
The two provincial governments that neighbour the area has granted mining rights to companies of Western countries against the will of the local people.
China seems to know where it wants to go and is getting there.
Back on the reserve in the hide I then spent a wonderful 2 hours of solitary birdwatching. I'd never really watched sand martins properly, they're fabulous birds, that warm coffee back and a flash of white. Even the swallows I viewed in a different way, that lovely diamond encrusted tail splay as they come into land was beautifully highlighted by the setting sun.
i think i need to bribe a friend to be my model!
We then saw the sun set over the mountains behind the boat before heading inside for some dinner. After a pleasant meal with Canadians John and Gabe, we played UNO before being roped into a Vietnamese gambling game where basically, with no skill involved, everyone ended up with black makeup of there face for losing, great stuff, it was funny to see how excited about the game the Vietnamese were without even drinking a sip of beer!
For following week I couldn't dance. I don't know why but I had no will to dance. I just wanted to perpetuate the feeling of tango happiness as long as I could.
2012 (#42)
- And whoever gives attention to the writings of the Apostles will see, that they very frequently adopt the language of the ancient prophets, and often without giving any notice that they do so; taking it for granted that those to whom they wrote were sufficiently acquainted with it.
America has always been a melting pot—forgive the cliché—and that will not change. However, as marketers, advertisers, and brands, we need to be ready for what shoppers are going to respond to. There’s a new American on the rise, one that perhaps will not fit nicely into the categories we’re used to. Start paying attention now or you could find yourself specializing in a segment that has forgotten you.
ON sunday I went to the movies! I saw Journey 2: The Mysterious Island. It was really good. I went with Kenya. I was gonna make a movie review on it, but, then I was like no.
This was a fun, challenging project for me and I was really happy with how it turned out. Placing in the contest was just an added bonus! Congrats to everyone who entered and to the other winners!
I was at a birthday garden party last week-end, with a great opportunity to chit-chat and talk for the sake of holding a conversation and looking good. I didn’t feel like it. I’ve never been great at that and didn’t want to force myself as I didn’t see the point. So I decided to just listen.
Blood, chaos, and death ensues.
Perhaps time exists in a realm overlapping our reality, which we are able to access in some way. Time could also be the transportation of matter through different points of space which seem seamless to us, yet it is actually staggered. Our minds could sew the experience together. A person’s ability to access events in the future may be evidence that they are able to transport thoughts or part of their minds prior the transportation of the rest of the realm. If time is an act of travel, like the worm in the black box, this would explain it being affected by gravity and speed. Also how time does not exist in black holes.
I was raised in a society where obesity keeps growing, diabetes keeps growing, and kids are being fed junk food from a young age. I went through that but I am happy and glad to have been awakened . Now my eyes are opened to see things clearly. Like a quote I once heard about the Standard American Diet (S.A.D.): "The one thing an animal diet does best. is kill people". I look at my family and see almost all are over weight or being affected by diseases. I tell myself this only proves to me that the vegan diet is the way we are designed to eat. If meat is so healthy, why do they keep getting sick? Why do they workout and can't lose weight? We must first take care of our body through the inside. We need to feed it the right way so it can perform the correct way. But then again the meat eaters say “We are all going to die anyway so might as well enjoy food.” They forget that before we die we suffer. We suffer either from cancer, obesity, cholesterol, diabetes. We don’t just die, NO WAY! There is a great deal of suffering on the way to dying. And that suffering is caused by the meat diet.
I love this kitty critter by Penny Black that I received in an image swap. I have no PB stamps, but after browsing the website, I'm in love with Mimi and the Critters, so I'll be doing my part to stimulate the economy by adding to my rubber collection! All of the cardstock, patterned papers, and embellies are from my stash. And because you can't have too many pearls, especially on Valentine's Day, I added some minis to the sentiment by Studio G.
Vietnamese is quite a difficult language to learn. And while I’ve tried, so far I have not been able to learn more than to count till 5 and say thank you. Words tend to differ more in tone than in spelling. And depending on the scribble attached to the letter, it can be pronounced in at least ten different ways.
This month, Skipping Stones Designs has partnered up with Scor-Pal and each of the DT members was given a Scor Buddy to use with this month's sketches. You may have noticed some pretty neat folding cards and designs on Tuesday. Well, thanks to Scor-Pal, we got to play with this wonderful tool.
Just a warning: I find David Duchovny's performance a little awkward at times during the movie. But that's usually only when he's crying or kissing someone. I imagine he's a terrible kisser in real life only because he looks like he has no idea what he's doing on screen.
The Great Eastern Shipping Co. Ltd (Eastern Shipping) is engaged in shipping business. The company has main two business, namely shipping and offshore services for the transportation of crude oil, petroleum products, gas and dry bulk commodities. The offshore business services are provided to the oil companies in carrying out offshore exploration and production activities. Eastern Shipping operates along with its subsidiaries that include The Great Eastern Shipping Company London Limited, The Greatship (Singapore) Pte. Limited, Greatship (India) Limited, and The Great Eastern Chartering L.L.C. Greatship (India) Limited. is headquartered at Mumbai, India.
This third point follows closely to point number 2, especially if parents get too caught up with the labels given to their children. As a family (Tortoise, Tiger's grandparents and I), we take the position that while we are happy that we don't have to worry about Tiger's intellectual capability, we believe that above all that, he still needs to be a balanced, well adjusted human being who contributes positively to our world. Tiger is aware of his own intellectual abilities but nobody in our family gushes over him or tiptoes around him because he is 'gifted'. He is expected to show respect, learn self-discipline and self-control, have good manners, learn to live harmoniously with others, learn to work with people of different abilities, know right from wrong, work hard, take responsibilities for his own actions... much the same as what other normal children are reasonably expected to learn as they grow up.
14For all the law is fulfilled in one word, even in this; Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.
19My stomach is like wine which is unable to get out; like skins full of new wine, it is almost burst.
07. Heart's All Gone
Sex is a treasure that must be protected
I am grateful for my day job, though, even if I’m less than enthusiastic about it. Over the last twelve years it has provided me with a home, a series of cars, paid for my wedding, supported my children and funded my unhealthy relationship with alcohol. And each job I’ve done within the organisation (I have been promoted a number of times, and quite recently, demoted) has been just uninspiring enough to urge me to find an alternative source of satisfaction.
I did have some questions and talked to a lady in a boot because she bought Newtons and gave herself a stress fracture over doing it and not transitioning properly (the folks that make those need to include an instruction book!). Someone asked to look at the bottoms of my feet, but unfortunately I have some mild calluses from running in shoes over the winter that are sloughing off so my feet don't look as pristine as they usually do.
Sometimes he sits out there and stares back in at us as though we're in an aquarium. Watching and cocking his head from time to time, we always wonder what is going on in his mind. I like to think he is reading the wind. Probably just a big echo chamber though, is it food, is there food, food, are they making food, food time, foodie food food food, what's that smell?
Color: Copper
Val wears tighty whities? Really? OK, back to the dance – it needed just a little more attack, but she had the right attitude and it was kind of sexy.
True leaders don’t have to remind everyone all the time or put others down, or hold others back to prove their leadership. They simply pull the team together and lead. If you can lead big people it makes you a big leader.
But wait! Reading books about the craft will help you, but you have to read fiction too.
It’s just like the-day-after parties back home. Except different.
Anthony Trollope called himself “a hunting man.” After he transferred his Post Office job to Ireland, riding to hounds became a passion with him. He said that he could have married sooner but he had to pay for his horses first. Still, he can see the absurd side of hunting the fox, so he lets the American Senator say it for him. And hunting the husband? Ask me about that when I have finished the book.
In a country like Bangladesh, only radical revolutionary movements can survive in office if faced with hostile opposition of the opinionmaking classes. And AL (nor BNP) is not radical revolutionary by any means. Who wins when government supported business tycoons tackle with the civil society and its corporate backers? If the government is immensely popular, its supporters win. When the government’s popularity is already on the wane, things get very ugly for its cronies — ask Giasuddin Al Mamoon.
you're swamped with a LONG to do list and you get sick! Because I do!!
Chopped garlic
Wasn’t it Lewis who said that we are to be Little Christs?
This is just another example.
All of this media bombardment and emphasis placed on the tenth anniversary is difficult to ignore. But, do I want to remember 9/11?
ZP: No, it’s funny. It’s really funny. (Both of us laughing) It was really an honor for me.
All these continue into the next bit of the pooram, the ceremony and competition called Kudamattom (The changing of the umbrellas ). Two rows of elephants stand face to face, about 100 metres apart (not to forget the masses occupying every possible inch of the ground between them) and change their main umbrellas, with the crowd cheering wildly for each change. It is a competition between the two major temples participating in the festival and they come up with innovative ideas for umbrellas. Apparently there were umbrellas made of ballons this year, which, unfortunately I could not witness. But this set of images will give you some idea of the ceremony.
Yet this worrying is just one more hint that the urge is building within all of us to go do something ourselves. God knows there is a lot wrong with the world. But the message of the Twelfth Insight is that we can do it. There is help coming, more than at any other time in history. Go ahead. Prove it for yourself. Tune in!
All I knew was that I had to hide.
15. i've never tried any kind of drug...not even marijuana. but when i was in the 8th grade, i was the class clown and super hyper, and my boyfriend was a known druggy...everyone assumed i was too.
Liam James ... Bobber Burton
recitation of facts that mean nothing to them. I hope they're not
At some point when I was terribly stressed out and anxious about not having time to do this or that, my clever daughter came up with the words of wisdom that I have cherished ever since. Imagine, she said, that you have been kidnapped for one day by extraterrestials. Will the world stop without you? If the answer is no, take a day's break.
Because it doesn’t accept dozens aloft dozens of championships and courses, Surf’s Up isn’t traveling to supplant Mario Kart as the antagonism bold of best for Nintendo DS owners. Nevertheless, it’s an agreeable racer that does adapted by the movie. Harassing opponents with squid torpedoes and authoritative your penguin break-dance in midair is air-conditioned fun. You’ll abandoned get a solid afternoon or two out of the championship mode, but the multiplayer hunt approach can calmly extend your play time by canicule or even weeks. Just be able to delay for bodies to appearance up if you’re analytic for opponents online.
“This happened in the area of Paiyee, when he was putting the bomb under the vehicle.”
core'dations , centura pearl paper , grand scalloped square die all from crafters companion
I wouldn’t be me.
wiggling like ribbons;
24:00 hours.
Also, Clockwise didn't really have a climax. I kept waiting for a sort of "final battle" moment to happen -- for one thing to go completely beyond Casey's control, where she'd have to do something amazing to get herself out. Nothing like this happened, even though there were a lot of chances for it to happen. Let's face it, time travel would be insanely complex. Fitting into the era, navigating around the people and the prominent ideas of the time, not to mention the possible ramifications of your actions in the past -- there are many opportunities for things to go wrong. Casey certainly faces some difficulties, but nothing that I would consider climactic.
I’m generally easy to impress when it comes to movies but Thor was much better than I was expecting, especially from a character that really hasn’t peaked my interests before, and as a lover of Marvel comics that should probably tell you something.
The ring of fire died in the night
Today’s eating: breakfast Frenc Silk Temptations (140 calories); Lunch: Strawberry Sundae Jell-o (110 calories); Dinner: Jell-O Dulce De Leche (60 calories), Naapolitan Ice cream (140 calories) & Cheese Grits (100 calories).
Seeing their names together felt devastating. It still does. I’m not sure why. After all, we’ve confirmed we’re getting a divorce. She has all but said that she is continuing her affair. I also had a strong suspicion that she was going to Florida with her boyfriend. It still hurts like hell.
According to the traditional view, provided in the last 200 years by Science, we live in a ‘very ordinary galaxy in a very ordinary Universe’. But, if drawn by the Attractor, we (human beings) suddenly return to center stage, become important in the Scheme of Things, because we are presently the most novel species on the planet –evolving most rapidly– as part of the Cosmos’s own tendency towards higher order. ‘More than that, we are the carriers,’ says Terence.
As well as being relayed to two other theatres, it was streamed live on the internet and promoted fierce debate on the Twitter social network.
2. Eugene City is actually Rogue, which bought the brewery in 2004, and was formerly West Brothers, but was not actually formerly the brewery established in 1866, as the label claims.
Uno, dos, tres, 14? Well, yeah, that's how we count there. Anyway, cuatro would have been way to predictable. But I digress. And that's one of the things about Vertigo. They say your mind can wander there. It's true. Been there, done that. Bought the t-shirt. It looks like this:
We started off the day by having birthday cake and a banana for breakfast (I know, pretty healthy, but his birthday only comes one time a year). After breakfast he opened his birthday presents and DH helped him take everything out of the boxes and set everything up. The Little Monkeys joined in the fun by drinking their bottles and eating their breakfast in the dark whiile we sang happy birthday and Logan blew out his candles. They also spent a lot of time playing with the wrapping paper.
Kade moved on to something else, but Kai sprang up and came right over. For the next half an hour, and with some gentle hints from Ginger, I "taught" him all of the basic arithmetic he needed to be able to do algebra - and then we moved even further. He's always been able to add, subtract, and multiply pretty well in his head, especially for a kid who has never really worked at math. But by the end of our time together, he was adding and subtracting complex numbers up to eight places. He was able to identify and use the patterns behind a times table, and learn about associative and distributive rules. He was able to work with basic algebraic equations to isolate the variables and "solve for x". We also got into exponents and square roots. Maybe we'll move on to division and the order of operations next; maybe not. But a hint about our next direction came directly from him:
“No Punky does. Does he have an iron deficiency? I have a friend who was anemic. She has to take these pills and she has lots of gas too.”
300-400 £6.39
fence C2
Today marks the official first day of Christmas break for the kids. Yea!!! When I told them on Friday that break started today, they were ecstatic. Which is hilarious. Because really, with the exception of daily math class, the kids will still be doing a lot of what we’ve been doing all month. And they’ll do it because they want to, not because I assign them anything. I love this stuff.
Just wanted to let everyone know SAS is getting ready to celebrate a birthday and is getting ready to start their annnual Next SAS-Y lady contest, read all about it on their forums.
My commute to work went a little slower. At mid-point, we were forced down to one lane. The only plow I saw was going the other way.
This beautiful wooden kitchen measures 30"W x 15.25"D x 38"H once it is assembled. What makes this kitchen so amazing is the ability to fold it it up.Once folded it measures a depth of just 6”, allowing you to store it easily.
I hope we’re listening.
9. I don't collect anything (unless you count books on my nook...got a good collection started there!)
I chose to keep the size of the card to 4.25x5.5 and even though my handpainted sunflower in the left corner is pop dotted, it will not go out of the postage rules and cost me $ to send. Everything is in copics as usual, I hope you like my choice of colors and the fun intended with this card!
Davies
Okay, so, SUCH A GOOD IDEA! For $5 you get emailed a pdf (for those of you that don't know, it's a type of file for your computer that you can open and print) that you can print of color coded by month, weekly calendar. If that didn't make sense I apologize, I'm beyond exhausted right now. You print them out, write in the days of the week, and then instead of just having a single block or being broken up by hour it has morning, afternoon, and evening spots. You can punch holes in it and put it in a binder and the best news for you perfectionists like me, if you mess something up you can just print out another and copy it over!! Love love love this.
"Why would the Canadian government want our query?!?"
Here today-tomorrow, next week... - O.L.I /Electra, 1989.
"Just days after President Sarkozy expressed his firm desire to update the HADOPI law to enable this body to act beyond its original P2P file-sharing mandate to reach DDL (direct downloading) and streaming sites, and one week after the CJEU’s seminal Scarlet ruling, news emerged in France that three professional bodies representing film producers (Association des producteurs du cinéma), distributors (Fédération nationale des distributeurs de films) and video publishers (Syndicat de l’édition video numérique) have taken matters into their own hands.
A bigger confessions: it was totally not the girl's style and I knew it (she had actually said that she didn't want a public proposal) and I said nothing to the boy as he was planning it.
Byron, then studying at Teeside University, was trying to win back a former boyfriend with the claim, Teesside Crown Court was told. Her barrister, Brian Russell, described it as extremely foolish behaviour and urged the judge to depart from the usual punishment of prison. Well, it seems he didn't need much urging...
“His children are far from safety,
Can anyone see the sense in this? Take a series of everyman pocket paperbacks like The Fontana Book Of Great Ghost Stories, which, in their day were available in just about every newsagent and supermarket up and down the country, and like as not got several people on here reading the stuff. Make a random selection from volumes 17-20. Get Les Edwards to design you a terrific cover, fully in sympathy with the original series. Now, have the thing printed, making sure it’s as unnecessarily bulky as possible, and run off just enough copies so that it sells out prior to publication. Appealing to the “I’ve still got my factory sealed, never been opened, worth a bomb!” non-reading market is all very well, but it’s also driving another stake into the heart of what’s supposed to be ‘popular fiction’. Hope they won an award for it.
It's Strawberry Time!!!
Although all these things are fun and I am enjoying my beautiful home, I would just love a job. But enough sadness... I am off to watch CSI!
Well, this is my last full day relaxing here in sunny southern cali and as if doing it’s part to help me prepare for the transition back home, to rainy western Washington, the clouds have made an appearance here in the valley. It’s still a gorgeous morning, and one that I’m hoping to use as a productive one, seeing as how I’ve done so little writing while I’ve been here. I embarked on this trip with lofty plans of an utterly carefree relaxing week, spending time accomplishing nothing of consequence with my best friend, catching up on some sleep, reading, and brainless television, od’ing on vitamin d, and of course going home with a full manuscript written, edited, and ready for publication – the words magically flying from my fingertips due to my amazing new surroundings.
I hope that Nevadans who voted for this moron are pleased with themselves. This bozo has never held a real job in his entire life, yet he wields power in the Senate to spread your money around, so some poor down and out cowboy poets (who don't have real jobs either) can sit around and have a place to recite poetry. I bet NPR even covers it.
Anything built new now is not as cheap as status quo.
Bring on the carrots.
*NOTE: It should be noted that I was translating that part directly from the news article. However, in the video itself it could not be heard was said before the “Heil Hitlers”!
It will, therefore, be necessary to destroy buildings which survived the Islamic attack on them in order to build a monument to Islam. Some would argue that the deliberate symbolism of that act is even more malevolent.
"Yeah yeah... kinda gives me the creeps, ya know?" said the brown haired one.
It was strenuous but very interesting - and I so hope I´ll be able to come back someday.
WEIGHT GAIN: This is a very common complaint. The body feels like it is being invaded so it adds a layer of protection. If you are a Lightworker than additional water is needed to create energy. If you don’t have enough water the body will store water, which ultimately leads to stagnation. Another major factor is that with the activation of new DNA fat is needed to hold the vibration. Body fat holds a higher vibration which is necessary to generate healing and channeling energy. Many of you also have agreed to anchor grids of light in the areas surrounding where you live. Anchoring these grids require body fat to help hold the energy. Body fat serves a very loving purpose as it allows embodiments to assist mother earth in holding her vibration. In becoming crystalline, the body fat is evenly distributed around every cell within the embodiment. This allows the entire body to act as a tuning fork to hold a new vibration.
~Saverio
Post the trip to Isdoud, the plan is a swing to the North – Haifa, Akka, Nasra, and hopefully a trip to Yaffa on the way back to Ramallah. Getting to see Yaffa this time around with some friends would be great and a nice way to end the week. Inshallah, everything works out. People have been amazing so far in me planning this week, but I will speak more to that after the big trip.
I am drinking Gatorade like Tim Tebow to put a pause on these leg cramps.
- I reduced the sugar by about 25% and the cake was still quite sweet.
This is why we are reminded in Acts 17:11 to daily search the Scriptures. It certainly is not that if one is saved he has attained. Paul knew this as he gave this testimony in 1 Corinthians 15:31. “I protest by your rejoicing which I have in Christ Jesus our Lord, I die daily.” He had to reckon himself to be dead unto sin and alive in Christ every day. He needed a continual reminder.
Indian Calendars used manvantaras, yugas and other such durations, to date when things happened. The original calendars were of shorter durations and related to people and the later ones were longer and related to astronomy.
The things a pedlar carried round, displaying them on a tray.
this weekend is it.
Me-Made May 12 has begun! I knew from the start that the first week would be my most difficult and it certainly was. You might recall this is my first Me Made/ Self Stitch challenge and I decided to combine it with a photography one. The problem with the first week is that I spent it in Portugal on holidays, and planning me made wardrobes plus photography challenges when you rushing around sightseeing or visiting family is not easy.
Having had no political canvassers on the doorstep I’ll have to vote based on all the many hours of TV debate and discussion I’ve seen, but I’m still struggling over whether to plump for Boris or Ken… And as for the French President…
Driving wondering what to give up to experience some pain she has suffered I was sent this message a three day fast. After six months of wondering what is the best thing to sacrafice. I will fast from April-April 2nd, 3rd, 4th every month, for her suffering, I want others to try over 3 days in May the before day, the day, and the day after for her and think of her and say prayers for her and her family. I challenge all you food addicts to do this in hope we feel the some of the suffering. Even Just for 3 days, I will do 36 days of the year 12 months 3 days a month and praying.
First thing I have to mention is that the download link above for this song is an M4A file, aka, an iTunes file. As far as the song itself, though, it is the first single that Lisa Marie Presley has released since 2005 and is preceding a brand new album, “Storm & Grace,” which is being released May 15, 2012, which I couldn’t possibly be more excited about! I was a massive fan of Lisa’s first 2 records and saw her in concert in 2005 and, honestly, never really anticipated her making another record. I am so glad she is and, if this song is any indication, I am thinking the new album is going to be AMAZING. It is definitely taking a very different direction than her previous records, which were more rock-oriented. This song, on the other hand, has a really gorgeous, bluesy style. It has a really nice groove to it but maintains all the sass and attitude from her previous records! I always loved that sort of defiance and rebellion in all of her music, and it is definitely still present in this track, even 7 years down the road!
Sharing Resources:
As we write this letter, we remember all of you and the influence that each of you have made on our lives. We grow and learn from our experiences and from those around us. Thank you for touching our lives. May you enjoy this holiday season and the year to come.
Into the cleaning caddy they went!
Windsor, Barber Adagio. There is a lot of conducting time with the orchestra
The cathedral hush of the ocean at daybreak is as compelling a part of my life as the inland dawns Brigid describes, and hundreds of sunrises are burned into my mind. From clear, hot skies with a purple sun breaking the horizon to cool, drizzly, sullen sunrises on an ocean fishing pier, where the sun isn't seen, certainly isn't felt, but just a brightening to the clouds. The ocean at night, even in sight of the bright lights of land, takes on a different feeling than during the day. The open ocean during the day is certainly a dangerous place, and you feel you're on the roof of an unseen world; but at night it takes on a different, almost ominous feeling. A fish breaking the surface chasing bait while you sit in utter blackness gives you a gut-level understanding of the ancient fears of sea monsters.
In our busy multitasking world, this seems more a luxury than a health issue. Getting more sleep allows you to be more focused and to pay attention to details while prioritizing your day when you’re awake. Plus it improves your attitude and ability to deal with stress rather than stress dealing with you.
One of the most appalling features of our cultural disaster is this anti-Semitism as it is currently practiced in mainline Christian churches in this country. The edicts, committee reports, and resolutions pouring out in the name of the poorpalestinians — for that is now one word among these leaders — all have the same goal. Their stated purpose is to alleviate the suffering of the poorpals, and their committees all seem to have anachronistically Marxist-sounding names with words like “Justice” and “Peace” and “Concern” in the titles. Just like the good old fronted Communist groups in the fifties, the ones aimed at labor groups and later at civil rights organizations. Let’s face it, the Communists stole all the good titles and now the churches must steal them in turn. They might as well, given that their goals are often similar, and equally malign.
1 teaspoon finely grated onion
B) A total stranger instructed my screeching two year old to "Stop being a naughty girl and be nice for your mom!" I didn't know if I should be grateful or offended. I just kept walking.
Self…
Reason of watching:I just watch this movie because I was bored with my study.
“Gareth, you’re such a sweetie!” She went over and hugged him; he blushed furiously. “A picnic is just the thing to brighten a gloomy day.”
Give this dish a try! It's sooo delicious and super easy to make. I think a lot of people shy away from making their own Alfredo sauce because it seems a bit intimidating. But actually, it's really easy and practically comes together on its own.
Forty years after the loss of Bangla-Desh, the Pakistani narrative does not recognize that Pakistan has few friends. Read this edited account by a Pakistani military official, stationed in Bangla-Desh during that key period.
NEAR: Linda's is in the same shopping center as House of India and New York Deli. It is accessible from southbound Snowden River Parkway south of the Home Depot.
“All of these plants work together like a forest ecosystem, but they are edible,” one of the park’s designers, Glenn Herlihy, told the Seattle Times.
The industry standard is to mail the claim form to the insured for him to complete his portion. He sends the attending physician’s portion to his doctor to complete and return to his insurance company. His employer will identify his occupation, including a complete job description and report his earnings at the point of disability.
“Well, yeah, but like Jesse is a ghost… But no seriously, the nice guys are out there, they’re just the ones sitting like right at the back of the classroom, too shy to talk to you.”
A glance at the order of the Supreme Court referred to in both reports however suggests that the SLP being heard by the SC was against the denial of interim relief by the Rajasthan High Court i.e. Hilton initially approached the Rajasthan High Court to stay the operation of the District Court judgment until such time that the High Court disposed the main appeal after hearing the matter on merits. This was in July, last year. The Rajasthan High Court however denied interim relief at that stage, on the grounds that Hilton’s trademarks were still valid and that it was not going to suffer any irreparable injury. we had blogged about it over here. The Rajasthan High Court was yet to hear this matter on final merits. Hilton however was aggrieved by the denial of interim relief and filed a SLP before the Supreme Court sometime in August last year. The 11th July order passed by the Supreme Court merely disposed this SLP seeking interim relief. The next battle is to be fought before the High Court of Rajasthan. Insiders with information may confirm or deny this chain of events.
The news spread like wildfire among police agencies worldwide, even those who did not have the IBIS-System installed. Police friends whom I had met during overseas visits in the USA, Canada, and also in the United Kingdom, wanted to know from me if the ‘new’ South Africa was under siege, or not.
He added that having said that, it would only be fair to exclude Tunku Abdul Rahman from the equation.
I made a pocket to hold the postcard from a label which I believe is from some sort of alcoholic beverage. Beer, ale, wine or spirit...not sure...
This quiet love whispers
Deschutes Brewery, Bend, Ore.; Fire Mountain Brew House, Carlton, Ore.; Firestone Walker Brewing, Paso Robles, Calif.; Full Sail Brewing, Hood River, Ore.; Lompoc Brewing, Portland, Ore.; MacTarnahan's Brewing, Portland, Ore.; Moa Brewing, Marlborough, New Zealand; New Holland Brewing, Holland, Mich.; Ninkasi Brewing, Eugene, Ore.; NoDa Brewing, Charlotte, N.C.; Odell Brewing, Fort Collins, Colo.; Oregon Brew Crew, homebrewers from Portland, Ore.; Rogue Ales, Newport, Ore.; Sierra Nevada Brewing, Chico, Calif.; Silver City Brewery, Bremerton, Wash.; Snake River Brewery, Jackson Hole, Wyo.; Calif.; Tree Brewing, Kelowna, British Columbia; 21st Amendment Brewery,
Paying takes at LEAST forty-five minutes.
I wish I could find a clip to show you, but Williams' Malcolm X in the 1989 American Playhouse broadcast of The Meeting is every bit as good as Denzel Washington's more widely seen portrayal in Malcolm X.
Sorry this is a quickie post, but Im off to our Christmas Party tonight (friday) that's why Im scheduling my post as not sure I'll be up to much in the morning, lol...
Well, I am off to begin creating that list...Have a wonderful day!
1. Time
Hey, it got chicks on TV.
he’s basically walking around the school. He doesn’t mind, and generally runs off when I tell him to do that. I watch until he turns the corner, before I cross thestreet. After the little one has been dropped off, I go back to make
We would love your views on the idea of treating the area as a whole rather than small parts of it in isolation.
Nick Drake--Fly
My many Macs have been misbehaving while I've been at work and I got home yesterday to find they had produced a new baby. A teeny-tiny sooper-cute ickle MacBook Pro. How sweet is that?
I found yet another recipe in Simple French Desserts (page 37). In the instructions, author Jill O'Connor says the secret is to not overbeat the eggs. In all the other recipes, I've been beating the eggs for 3 minutes until "ribbony." Hum, perhaps this is the secret to the hump! (All recipes say you need to refrigerate the dough and I've been doing that.)
Bobby Rush: In My Dippins
I took pictures of one of my bestie and her hubs and their daughter too, my Maggie Loo-Who, today. We had a great time, despite the overcast, dreary morning. We got some great shots! I'll show you those soon :)
stalker must intend to cause the result of his actions (typically the victim’s fear) to commit the crime of
Fairlight (05-02-2001) - Computer based snthesizer offering sampling, digital recording, sequencing and editing. Includes Nick Rhodes.
We were back in KL during the weekend for the celebration and also slowly moving some of our stuffs back from Jakarta to KL.
Binding, I soon realzed, was it’s own monster. I used This Video Tutorial to help me figure out how to do it using the bias tape that I had. Most of the videos I found on doing it just seemed too complicated or they were going through too fast or I just didn’t understand them. This one was simple. Though it’s not a quilt, it is the same method and she says that in the tutorial.
Cake Anyone and Winter Birthday.
"Ohhhh yeah! He's not like your average dog at all. And there he is, over there near the sea wall".
Are you a fan? If so, do check out Nancy's Daily Dish, she has the largest selection I have ever seen and she sets a beautiful table with all of her various sets an lots of colors.
As we do have a long weekend here in Belgium, I invited some friends to come over!
So, it is clear that any changes that would address the prime problem and opportunity statement to “enhance pedestrian and bicycle access” begins with the core assumption that Longwood road will act as an extended on/off ramp to Highway 403 westbound (and eastbound), requiring 4 lanes for cars.
1 mathematical
The way time is moving, I'll be asking him if he remembered to pack his toothbrush, underwear and deodorant before he heads out the door to college.
You might recall our earlier mentions of the amazing work Tosh did behind the lens, while fishing with myself, Chad and Ben alongside a crew of likeminded Texas lunatics, Kevin Vincent, John Boatwright, and Capt. John Spencer. Tosh makes us all look better looking than we deserve.
“Rosicrucian Principles and Scientific Discoveries” The Rosicrucian movement declared itself openly in Europe under that name in the early 1600s, a time when the rate of scientific experimentation and progress was rapidly increasing. Alchemy and medieval science had always been a component of the Rosicrucian Tradition, and several figures associated with Rosicrucian philosophy, such as Robert Fludd, Francis Bacon, and Isaac Newton were in the forefront of scientific progress. The present study explores some notable Rosicrucian principles and modern scientific thought and research that now support them, including the mind-body link, the interaction between consciousness and matter, and the theory of reincarnation.
Kicking heels
But the biggest problem for me is the cats.
This principle was modeled to us by Jesus himself. This coming Sunday John will be preaching on Philippians 2:5-11. In this text we read, “Your attitude should be the same as that of Christ Jesus; Who being in very nature God, did not consider equality with God something to be grasped, but made himself nothing, taking the every nature of a servant.”
I’m running because if I don’t get outside and move fast down the street and through the trees, under the sky and in the rain or the cold or the sun, my animal self will be lost. And that’s the part of the brain, paradoxically, that keeps you sane.Creating runners is one of the greatest joys of my life. The knowledge that there are people out there who have had the experience of using their bodies in this fundamental way because of me has cheered me even while I was in the depths.
It is definitely less classy but that’s not to say that it is entirely bad because heavy-handed shit is like a fun roller coaster ride and hey, we watch shit to be entertained, not educated.
When I heard this story, I thought how sad it is that in America, which is known throughout the world for freedom, we are restricted from religious festivities in public places, and how much I would love to see such a beautiful event in my own country.
There has also been fervent debates in the media and by political parties about the Protection of Information bill and other legislation which is currently before Parliament.
If I tire of this skirt – it may be upcycled to become the mother of all table runners!
Christmas 2010.
But the bigger the bull, bigger the bull, bigger the balls.
NAB booth #SL6605
Step 5: Highlight your cheekbones with a blusher.
The skinny Grupee has to be my favorite pick and might just become my all time favorite jeans. The dark blue will be replacing many of my black skinnys. I Wore it with a neoprene top and a highlighter neon clutch to tie together the scuba look.
Let us turn our attention to Barron's, also bagged by Murdoch's company. Barron's is by a long stretch the best mass-circulation periodical devoted to investing, streets ahead of grade-school tripe like Money, Kiplinger's, and SmartMoney. I'd almost say that if you manage your own investments, Barron's is necessary reading (although of course it should be supplemented by other sources).
Huntley told the board of another attack: "Yeah, well my friend and I were at the, like the market you guys have here, we were at our version of the one in Cape Town and we were on our way home in the car and we seen an African trying to what looked like steal the car and we tried to stop him.
I cannot imagine the questions you must’ve had
chumma – kiss
But there isn’t a good parent out there that isn’t also dealing with helping their kids connect to their roots and feel comfortable in a multicultural world.
Tip #3: You can’t take your power back if you don’t know what your needs and priorities are.
But before we go on, I want, or maybe need to remind you that Lazarus was Jesus’ “greatest miracle!!!”
It’s getting so that the papone can’t perch most anywhere anymore without getting waylaid by whiny victims of pecaminous acts by his perverted clergy. Astute observers may notice a critical mass growing… although this may be little more than wishful thinking, seeing as the catchalick memeplex will rather destroy its host than allow itself to be deactivated. In fact, any meme that can make its host abuse children in the name of a higher being has already destroyed its host and left nothing but a teeming shell of malignant memecode.
That’s it for this months check-in! I hope you enjoyed, and that you’re all well! Thank you once again for following, commenting, and being as lovely as you all are.
Hiring from NYC/Brooklyn
The friend who can be silent with us in a moment of despair or confusion, who can stay with us in an hour of grief and bereavement, who can tolerate not knowing... not healing, not curing... that is a friend who cares.
Data provided as a service was at first primarily used in web mashups, but now is being increasingly employed both commercially and,
A "What are you wearing today?" post, but in my case it's a "What were you wearing the other day and recreated in your backyard?" post.
80 ml milk
1) Wednesday, vs. Utah, 6:00 PM, 1st Round NBA Playoffs, TNT; 2) Saturday, at Utah, 9:00 PM, 1st Round NBA Playoffs, TNT
The following article discusses untested rape kits and the need for the Sexual Assault Forensic Evidence Registry Act. (Click here for previous posts about rape kits.)
November 24, 2011
I may have been working or in college at the time.
Eating ice cream on the Ile St. Louis
The Central Vermont Community Action Council is looking for volunteers across Vermont for long term recovery projects associated with Irene. Projects are in the planning stage now and will begin active work as we head into the warmer months.
sysevent:
After introducing Decker, we get into the only discernable theme of the film: Kirk’s obsessive need to be captain of the Enterprise. In one way or another, that theme will run all the way through Star Trek: Generations where Kirk advises Picard to never let Starfleet promote or transfer him off that bridge. Ir is too special a place to be. Kirk is an admiral at this point, but he forcefully takes command of the Enterprise from Decker and demotes him for good measure. The rest of the crew is fine with the idea. They would rather have Kirk in command, too, even after serving with Decker for a year and a half.
* Matthew Gray Gubler as Simon (speaking voice)
Lizzie's character is easy to love and relate with. She tried to do what is right but her feelings with Drew cannot be ignored. I can't help feeling sad for her. Her relationship with Jeremy was once perfect but he became proud and controlling. And though I felt bad for Chelsea, I don't think she's been a good friend either. She's selfish and absolutely not a 'best friend' type of person to me. Well, as for Drew… he's gorgeous and swoon-worthy, who wouldn't love such a guy? The only thing is, he drives me crazy most of the time. He keeps pushing Lizzie away even though there is no doubt that he loves her. It was so frustrating to see how he's being so nice then turns cold and rude afterwards. The mystery behind Drew's behavior will keep you guessing and wondering all throughout the book. It makes the story exciting but frustrating at the same time. Reading this book to the end was entertaining and I wish there was more. Now, I'm excited to see what the next book has in store for us.
as my toes collect mineral wealth
Michelin Romania through the eyes is beautiful and, sometimes, very beautiful. Sibiu, the fortified church of Prejmer Sighet and valleys of Maramures, painted monasteries of Bucovina with or Delta received 3 Michelin stars, guarantee tourist beauty known worldwide.
He breathed his last, one beautiful summer’s day,
Mostly b) There’s hope for you yet but the truth is still out there.
Observers are wondering why two legals would take such an important and controversial decision without referring it to the UK Group’s then CEO, Les Hinton. Perhaps they did: we await Mr Hinton’s recollection. But Robert Peston of the BBC has opined that this also gives James Murdoch ‘some very difficult questions to answer’: why would an incoming CEO – the owner’s son – not have been briefed on such a key project? Last night, News International insisted Mr Murdoch ‘had no knowledge of the 300 e-mails that Harbottle & Lewis were asked to review’.
Other stamp used: CC Designs Sugarplum Stool
A: Ads may:
Anyone else have days like this? How do you stay motivated?
them reminds me.
Victims of crime often find little help by turning to the police, as they are frequently not much better than the criminals they are paid to catch, as white mother of three Martie Olivier discovered just this month when she was repeatedly raped by two uniformed police officers who had arrested her husband Sarul Oliver without explanation, but presumably as a ruse to extort money from the couple.
Libertines – Don’t Look Back Into The Sun; Can’t Stand Me Now; Time For Heroes
1/4 cup finely chopped toasted walnuts
Play Dates with the Duggars
The payroll tax is our most regressive tax, and largely responsible for the flatness of the previous graph. While we should absolutely retain a symbolic link between contribution and eligibility for Social Security, there is no reason why making the payroll tax a progressive tax should not be at the heart of progressive tax policy. At one stroke, we would increase purchasing power, lower the cost of creating living wage jobs, create a strong disincentive against runaway executive compensation, and redistribute income on a grand scale.
This activity ties in perfectly with Ralph Coverdale’s concept of risk thinking that I introduced in an earlier blog (see There can be Method in the Madness of Change, June 2011), which I apply in my team coaching practice. People need to be stretched in order to fully understand what they are capable of achieving. Jeremy has created a supportive team environment around the business and he hires good people, yet the risk of failing the company and of failing all the conference delegates whom they might hardly even know, is real. No wonder there are bonds created between staff members that will last a lifetime. And no wonder others look on with envy!
All set up and ready for the brides.
Volkman describes the project as one that lessens the gap between realistic life and theoretical life by prompting philosophical introspection and dialogue surrounding language in the workplace. ANSWERS explores words integral to the collective mission statement of the institution, directing our attention toward the larger social issues therein.
These methods will all help get you into the body and release an over expressive mind, particularly when choosing to practise several of them daily.
It's been a month since my last post and so much has been happening over the last few months that I just can't bring myself to write about. I can't believe it's been 5 months since the wedding and relationship were called off. It seems like just yesterday I was trying on wedding dresses and he was giving his opinions on tulle vs satin and how we both loved chiffon.
30 min Protein Rest Add 14.63 qt of water at 119.1 F 113.0 F
REMEMBERING SHANNON
11. Arthur Doyle - November 7th or 8th
Despite its male heavy demographics, D.C. proved an effective site for Riot Grrrl organization. The network’s ideologically open punks and hipsters along with the capital’s potential for political and artistic theater enabled activism that could not be matched by any other metropolitan area. In D.C., the printed mini-zine Riot Girl #1 served as a microcosm of the larger explosion in zines that would help define 1990s music and youth culture. Zines provided the life blood of the movement, creating space for ideology, rhetoric, identity, and commonalities. Tobi Vail’s Jigsaw and the Nomy Lamy’s I’m So Fucking Beautiful serve as two prominent examples. Numerous others emerged in this period. These zines resemble those of the 1960s New Left which John McMillian argued created identities and structures for alternative lifestyles, personhood and political dissemination. Obviously, one wonders had the blogsphere existed in 1991/1992 would it have benefited the movement or simply attenuated it? After all, the collage style mash ups of the early zines were important statements for readers, an aesthetic that seems less impactful in blog form.
We have a number of exciting IP events planned for the future, including IP workshops/seminars/moot courts and the Fellow is expected to actively participate in all of these. Apart from this, the Fellow will be involved in IP policy work, and IP litigation, where we will be looking to engage with the courts and policy makers on IP issues that are of a public interest nature.
Wasn't a great chance, but if I can't make the first action with an 8/9 chance of success the rest wouldn't have worked either ;) Mr.Cornelius II stunned himself, and I had no further chance to get the ball.
Occasionally earthly matters intrude, Sparhawk alluding to the nearby IKEA and prompting an exchange about stonemasonry, but for the most part this is a genuinely religious experience for a congregation which includes a carved crucified Christ looking down from above. As they encore with 'Two Step' and 'Dinosaur Act', I smile at the thought of being in church and knowing all the words.
We noted in our previous post (In search of a leader with reformist vision) that Greece today urgently needs the healthy reformist sectors of society to come to the forefront. Our concern is essentially that there still has not emerged the critical mass of citizens pushing for structural reform. Too many have been bought off/co-opted by having family members in/or dependent on the less productive segments of the public sector, so the whole issue of reform is forced ahead only by the Troika at each bail-out tranche review. The few Greeks and focused elements of civil society which support structural reform are such a minority that they cannot, it seems, even form a political party. So we will not let Greek society off the “collective” hook until the consciousness shifts, and those who defend “poor little Greece” in the Western media are actually doing more harm than good unless they forcefully support Greece’s small number of true reformers (not Papandreou style speech-writers). The wave of creative destruction we are seeing now across the country is inevitable — Greece’s considerable human and capital resources have to be reallocated to functions which allow them to generate something of value. Like it or not, the free market is doing it, since government here is unable/ unwilling to. This hurts some (weaker) elements of Greek society excessively and it may take a generation. Civil society/NGO’s could be helping more…
I was born on the 22nd March, 1981. The first son of the family. My mother is a very typical woman. She always wanted to have boy, thus i was the best gift from the god after my sister. My grandfather wanted me to be strong and rich, hence he named me as Ching Fu (振富). Chinese believes that name is very important to a person. Believe it or not, it will indirectly influence your personality and shape your life eventually. I dare to say i am stronger than anyone. I dare flying to a complete different country to do my Bachelor Degree, meeting my ever first online friend in NYC, travelling around the world alone, facing any challenge positively. I am also rich! Rich doesn't need to be in monetary. (Well i was rich, was a millionaire). But rather freedom, wisdom, family, friends, innovations, dreams etc. I am glad that i am rich and gifted with all these stuff.
My sister, Amanda, seated next to me, was the family academic. Her doll sits in the little suitcase beside her. She eschewed dolls and girly toys, much preferring the meccano set she finally received for Christmas one year. Amanda loved mathematics, puzzles, and building forts and hideouts. She is very clever academically, very blunt, and very meticulous. When she became a mother, she and her husband (an equally brilliant academic) developed a plan to create what they hoped would be exceptionally gifted geniuses. Her babies sat in their little chairs listening to Baby Einstein. Everything they came into contact with had a serious educational purpose and meaning. Naturally, they have grown up to become wonderful artsy young people who, thus far, have renounced all formal further education.
We have a contracting economy where wages have fallen, job security effectively no longer exists, credit is tightening, and the economic safety net has been gleefully frayed by free-market conservatives. And yet, we still have a system that demands ever-increasing consumption, that teases with images of wealth and "success", that insists on displays of affluence, that offers so much for a privileged few, while the proles are merely allowed to look on with envy and fight each other for a vanishingly small chance at upward mobility.
wouldn't that be nice.
Since the stone giants' emergence from the southbound tunnel (last session) had de facto completed the PCs' excavation of the barricade and rubble barrier previously blocking it, they could now peer down into the long, descending tunnel beyond. The dwarves felt that something was "off" about the place. It was very dark, and Beastarr, with his keen bobcat senses, smelled a sulfurous, balroggy smell wafting up from the depths.
Back to the phone. Just as I'm about to call her, I think about what Joanna said and lose my nerve. I throw the phone onto my bed, and pick up the blade once more.
At times I had to gather myself, turn around, and take a deep breath!
I received papers in the mail stating that I was to show up for my next visa appointment. But this time, I was to pay 340 Euro online beforehand and print out the receipt.
Don’t just look at my name,
Shimmy D. Biegeleisen, 42, New York, N.Y.
So where does the extra government corporate investment money go, and what proof is there of its existence?
For the Dressing:
Buttons: Random stash
When he crunches the numbers, Bangladesh is literally ‘off the chart’:
1. Stir melted butter, brown sugar, and corn syrup together to make a caramel mixture.
signed copy of "The Colossus Crisis"
Steven Bohr continued his sermon in Part 2 of his sermon went to Bible verses that showedthere were three members of the Godhead.
A mere seven more hours of conversation on this topic…and I was ready. When I got home…I picked up my cell. A million thoughts flashed through my mind…yet I made the call anyway. I had rehearsed my “casual” coffee invite no less than ten times. I was ready to leave an almost perfect voice mail on his cell.
Herodotus and the Path to History (just bought -- suspending F.J. Gould for this one!)
let’s get fell in as its time for the poetry to begin
1 large clove of garlic, minced
Yes, Aussies, as this is a Castle in Scotland
The Top 25 Android Games – Looking for the most fun, most addictive games for your Android smartphone? Check out our 25 favorite Android games, only one of which contains the words “Angry” and “Birds.”
So, if you've made a lifestyle change...what do you think "changes"?
Early this morning Dakota got off the bed in the dark (around 5 am) and landed heavily. Her back legs were in an awkward position, so I helped her get comfortable, as she seemed unable to move them herself. He had had a difficult time getting up the stairs last night, needing extra help, so I had been concerned about getting her down in the morning, but she had no desire to come downstairs at all.
#3: Walk away.
Since Super Fab and Speedy Walcott are out, we need to win the trophy for them because they played their part in getting the team to Wembley. Walcott scored two well taken placed shots when we whooped Newcastle 4-0 in St. James Park while El Capitan scored his first ever Carling Spoon goal in the semis against Ipswich.
~ Ruster sighed in bliss. “Isn’t it extraordinary?”
Next, urology came in, looked at his chart, realized he was due for a test and ordered it, and left. Well, that test should have been ordered and done already and we should have been getting the results yesterday. But whatever. We waited hours to hear this - you need a test, now schedule it for another appointment, and then we will need a followup. Great.
As far as Fave Finds goes, I've been really into wall art and prints using creative wording, and found this awesome print from Etsy shop, Banda Prints:
But the rest of us have reason to worry.
A more unlikely possibility, where the surrogate has no genetic link with the child, is where the commissioning parties also have no genetic link with the child – for instance, where an embryo is donated by anonymous gamete donors. This is referred to as “donate embryo surrogacy”.
Must be funny
We absolutely respect that.
This is only for 2 digit by 1 digit multiplication...we all know it gets harder once you add more digits! My third graders totally get this and it prepares them for larger numbers in 4th grade.
Your daughter,
If you can, drink some water or eat something to help yourself to be fully back to the physical reality.
Factor S ? ?
It's a shaker card because I had to use acetate for the challenge over Totally PaperCrafts but on the other hand I wanted to make one from a long time.
Thankfully, though they do wake each other up occasionally, and although nap time has officially turned into "rest time," they are doing well with the transition.
Week 19 – lose another product, swap in 1 cup raw veggies, 1 serving fruit, 1 serving fat (spinach salad with strawberries?)
The "turkeys voting for Christmas" include the banks under French or German thumbs, plus the funds controlled by the Greek government itself, like the public sector pension schemes. This adds up to about 60% of the bonds.
the future.
New Chairman at Airports Authority.
When you’re sending the money, when you put it in an envelope, write at the back ‘Covenant Partner’. Write it at the back of the envelope so we’ll know into which account we will direct the money.
“Right Where You Belong” Sing-Along
In the bowl of a mixer fitted with the flat beater, mix the flour and eggs for about 1 minute. Scrape the dough off the beater and change to the dough hook. Knead for about 3 minutes. The dough will look dry and pebbly. Bring the dough together with your hands and knead, by hand, until it has come together fully. You may need to add a small amount of water but not much. Flatten into a disk, wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 1 hour.
A performance worth noting was the 5th place showing by Freshman Allie McLaughlin in 20:01. I knew she was in line for a breakout performance and she didn't disappoint. Fellow Frosh Jordan Hasay ran 18th in 20:23. I think both will share many, many All American honors for the years to come. Also, worth a note out of Colorado was the performance of redshirt Freshman Aric Van Halen. Yes, the name is right. Alex's son, and Eddie's nephew ran as CU's 5th man after redshirting last year. Many people may remember when he first started making his name (albeit a bit differently than cousin Wolfgang!) in California a couple years ago. I wonder if Alex was out there cheering him on?
Deerfield Beach, FL
In the blogosphere, though, many say the controversial ad is about far more than saving taxpayers money and contains coded political messages James hopes will strike a chord with Republican voters in the state.
"You are surely a fast runner," replied the little brown beetle politely. Her mother had taught her always to be polite and had often said to her that a really polite beetle never boasts about her own accomplishments. The little brown beetle never boasted a single boast about the things she could do. She just went on slowly crawling along the wall.
I cut a bunch of thin strips of paper (from Basic Grey) and mod-podged them on for her dress, then painted the cardi and scarf over the top. (I also gave her a ruffly yellow scarf just like this.) I also used a "Just Be YOU" stamp from Unity at the bottom.
How have we arrived at a place where a basic service recovery job with the media, after a fatal POLAC, where one of our officers has effectively killed a young girl for no reason, becomes something we need to be rewarded for, while the family grieve alone? This story says everything about how today’s senior police officers see themselves, what they regard as success (i.e. in how they dealt with the media story) and more importantly, what they really think about “Citizen Focus“.
We also insist that it was the Lord Jesus Christ who ordered the departure for that which we read in Galatians 1:12. “For I neither received it of man, neither was I taught it, but by the revelation of Jesus Christ.” He was not told by Peter nor any other of the Twelve Apostles to go out of Jerusalem. He was not taught by any of those apostles what his message should be as he preached to the Gentiles.
That the sins of Sodom & Gamorrah which was not homosexuality as so many have espoused but rather a failure on the cities to care for the stranger, the traveller (inhospitallity is never clearer than desiring to gang rape to travellers let me tell you)…this is coupled then in the Gospels when Jesus sends out his followers 2 x 2 and tells them that towns that won’t welcome them in (being hospitable) and the theme is once more picked up again within the letters of John.
B: Cereal
say is interesting. I'll ask mine what he thinks.
I’ve always designed, created and made things for other people or other companies. It was always for their visions or passions or business ideologies. And it was always cool to see those creations get out on the streets and become succesful. After a while, I got inspired to give it a chance and do it on my own, and make something that would speak to other people with my similar passions. Also most “brands” these days are started by lots of money or the idea to make lots of money. The evilgood underground is not that at all. Its about people that are passionate about what they believe in and dwell in the underground, not doing things for fame or loot, just passion.
Happy Mothers’ Day!
The other players should see the field this year, but outside of the four above, whether they make an impact or not is yet to be seen.
SANTORUM: Yeah, she’s not. She’s — she’s doing what she does incredibly well, which is to be a mother to our seven children. And she is — she’s my hero. She’s someone who has been, you know, well- educated. She was a neo-natal intensive care nurse for nine years at one of the most advanced nurseries in the — in the country.
Say you give a multiple choice test on quantum dynamics to a third-grade class. They’re all just going to have to guess from the four options for each answer (assume there are no abnormally intelligent genetic super-beings among them for now), so everyone can expect to get 25%, on average (one question correct in four). But not everyone’s going to get exactly one in four. A few will have lousy luck that day and keep stumbling into all the wrong answers, and a few will probably do surprisingly well. Maybe a small handful will end up with scores around 50%, without even having to be psychic.
vermin and pests happily survive
This story is inspired by Rumors of Water: Thoughts on Creativity and Writing by L.L. Barkat. I read this book in one day, and as I was reading the memory of this long ago trip re-emerged. And as the author encourages, “writing starts with living” and “to use small beans and the ingredients at hand.” My finding voice in passions and the details of place; an exercise in grace. This book is must read for writers.
* You must submit at least 6 bottles of each entry along with the recipe(we will keep the recipe private unless you state otherwise).
There have been numerous articles knocking financial advisors, the Mutual fund industry and more. It makes for good controversy and sells papers.
1351 **D-IV/30/2000. “Chance, Conscience, and Prudence in Jane Austen’s Persuasion.” Basic Program Weekend Conference, The University of Chicago, Alpine Valley Lodge, East Troy, Wisconsin. (Incorporated in Item C-2001(5), above, pp. 714-25.)
2 different doodled birdies
you get the picture. it might as well be a dr. seuss poem full of things 1 and things 2...and things and things and things...i do believe in a GOD of details and know he hears ALL our groaning, yet i know for me, my heart has been more about them...than him.
its cool you had to go
I guess if I loose mediafire I'll stop uploading. This blog will then consist me writing silly inane fragments of how I feel and my pointless bullshit problems. I'll also move to Liberia because democracy here is obviously so terrible.
GUARDIAN/Paul Doyle - A season in statistics: the Premier League campaign in numbers
A few tips....
No matter what does happen, it was wonderful to see a team win with the type of character and grace that the Colts exhibited, not only this season but throughout the past 5 years. In an era of screaming coaches who compete with their players for face time, demonstrative wide receivers who seem to want attention more than victory, and fans who have more hate for opponents than love for anything, this team did it the right way. They outworked, outplayed, outcoached and outclassed everyone else. Even in victory there was very little gloating, save Robert Mathis's comment asking "the haters to please shut up." Much like the Patriots of 2001, they won as a team, not as individuals.
These energized sun particles have a combined force equal in some cases to a CME. They can cause magnetic storms of such magnitude that they overload power lines with excess current, and cause widespread blackouts. One of these events happened in September 1859 when a solar flare lasted nearly a week. Most of Middle America was without power for that period. It is remembered in astronomical and meteorological circles as the Superstorm or the Carrington Event.
The warning
I will continue cheering for Danny Gokey. Although Adam Lambert is an amazing performer and singer, I think Danny has the audience drinking up his understated sweetness and charm.
On a cloudy day the sun finally broke through on this shot and played lots of tricks with the white balance adjustments I was doing. This was the best I could achieve in making it as realistic as I could. These three shots all go well with telling a story about the tower and the details in it that many might overlook. Up next I will be reviewing this roll of film and showing some ones that did not make the cut.
....tra la la la, la laaa. Just a little ditty that's been in my head since my last bout of crafting. I made five cards all with the same image stamp..a daisy. Why?..Well.....my eldest has finally got the go ahead for a crafting group at his local TARA..(tenants and residents association)..and I've been roped in. The first gathering was last Tuesday and I really enjoyed it. He asked me to make a few stamped samples so that's what I was doing last weekend. That's was as well as the front garden...grass cut and borders weeded. I've got the back garden started on Thursday....while the glorious weather is with us..and hope to finish it tomorrow and/or Monday.
For over 70 years, The Robert Allen Group has been the source for the world’s finest fabrics. Long recognized as the vanguard of innovation, the Company pioneered the broad distribution of fabric books. The renowned Robert Allen Color Library, with its exceptionally effective method of organization by color, was another industry first introduced by the company.
And, as with Hidden, there is hope at the end. I imagine these titles are immensely popular with teen readers, because there is no gilding of the lily; Miriam Halahmy was a special needs teacher for many years in London and knows what she is talking about. I'll be looking forward to Stuffed, the third book in the cycle.
Hello! I experienced something recently, and I was wanting to get a parent's take on it if you don't mind. My husband and I both work the graveyard shift. This allows us both time to attend afternoon classes at the local college, go to work, and still manage to get a few hours of sleep every night. This morning, we were woken to the doorbell ringing. When we answered the door there was nobody there. I walked to the end of the driveway and saw a parent walking their children down the street. They looked to be school-aged and the parent was pulling a wagon, so I figured maybe they were selling cookies or something. Though I personally feel fund raisers are rather annoying, I always buy something. Gotta support the schools, you know? Anyway, so I watched this group for a couple of minutes thinking maybe they would work their way back. What I saw bother astonished and angered me. They weren't selling anything. These kids were playing Ding Dong Ditch with the parent telling them good job. I started to walk down to them to let the parent know how I felt about her kids' behavior but someone beat me to it. She didn't even seem apologetic. So I'm wanting to get a parent's perspective on this. What do you think?
(a) the ad shown as a result of the internet user having typed as a search term the keyword identical with a trade mark with a reputation mentions or displays that trade mark; and
Judgment Day: After death, all human beings will be judged by Jesus Christ, who is both judge and advocate. He will judge us “according to works, desires, and intent of the heart” (Encyclopedia of Mormonism) and by the records we keep. For this reason, it is important to leave the negative out of your journal.
In other words, it never really happened.
Nothing apparently changed. Or so I thought.
spiritual and religious psychotropic aspects of said plant. The hypnotizing
TODAY is my baby brother’s SEVENTEENTH birthday– what the what?!
I've switched to the new blogger format and have not been able to find the place to disable word verification. It is not on the comments settings page. That would be the logical place, one would think, but obviously someone at google did not think the same.
“Ford and Visteon must come forward with a just settlement and, where negotiations have failed, now the courts must act.”
I remember it as clear as day. I remember how pointless I thought physics was, and how I just couldn’t find a relation between what I was passionate about, exercise, and chemistry. I do somewhat now, but there’s just some stuff you hate to learn, and for some of my girls, that’s English. Fortunately, there have been rare moments of a beautiful connections between me and not just any student, but the few particular students who seem to give me the hardest time in class. These moments are engrained in my brain and I love being reminded of them here and there, walking to and from class or sitting on the bus.
Sunday posts I usually feel compelled to share a meal with you and save the cocktail posts closer to the weekend. Today I changed my mind. It's been a busy week for many of us, traveling, cooking, eating, eating some more, and eating again. If your cooking groove has been spent for the week, kick-back, eat left-overs (if you have any left), leave the dishes for another day and enjoy a cocktail.
“So its correct to then turn your mind to whether the military will respect a new administration, if it is going to pursue some policies that they don’t like.”
Today was the first day of field trips. Tom started early and left at 6:45 with his group to go to Red Star Brewing in Greensburg. Afterwards, they were going to go to Rock Bottom in Homestead at the Waterfront.
There’s a woman out in California named Mary. She’s a librarian who loves to bake. She started baking 30 bundts in 30 days. She’s a little bit crazy. That makes me like her a little bit more than I did before the bundts happened.
Bryan Lodge (Lab) 2553
Physician Web Videos: Convert More Website Visitors into New patients Web Power Video produces Web Videos for your practice website and as stand-alone microsites on Youtube, Google and all other search engines * Homepage Greetings and Educational Videos keep Visitors on your website 2x-10x longer. * Web Videos allow you to convey your professional credibility and make a personal connection. * Videos dramatically increase your “Web Presence” driving more traffic to your website leading to more patients. Schedule a Web Video Recording Session at Your Practice Today! Learn More … email gary@webpowervideo.com
The Dosas featured in this can't be just the usual/regular Dosa batter mixed up with something else. It is mandatory that the recipe has to be a new proportion or variation to the regular one.
“I mean why the hell didn’t you warn me that everyone thinks you’re a psycho? I know you’re not the most social person in the universe, but you made it sound like you at least had some friends. People you talked to. Whatever.”
An excellent article. One must be aware that modern architecture from Bauhaus onwards is based on an anti-aestheticism that denies culture and tradition. It is no coincidence that Bauhaus came into being with the Western cultural crisis that followed and was a consequence of the First World War. Modernist architecture has been used by the left, taking increasingly depressing forms, to demoralise the population, thereby making it easier to subjugate them.
I am amazed at how I can experience, every once in a while, a kind of life-changing moment through a realization which God seems to be giving me, into nothing less than a breakthrough of sorts. Just as amazing, however, is how a few weeks, perhaps even days later, it seems like I need to learn at least something of that lesson all over again. Somehow I had not kept it in memory and practice. Or else there is the need for further growth and development in that very area.
Driving home, she looked at her milometer, at the gauge that told her how much petrol she had left. In her mind, she turned the fuel in the tank to a number of miles, the miles into minutes, the distance from home into a time of arrival. When she got home she turned the evening into the seconds before sleep, the hours before waking again.
"In 1787, the twenty-eighth year of the reign of King George III, the British Government sent a fleet to colonize Australia."
“By remaining behind the scenes, they (the Rothschilds) were able to avoid the brunt of public anger which was directed, instead, at the political figures which they largely controlled. This is a technique which has been practiced by financial manipulators ever since, and it is fully utilized by those who operate the Federal Reserve System today.” – G. Edward Griffin
2: We are all in our early/mid/late 50's and our 60's are looming ominously large.
Secondly, these verses set up the doctrine of opposition that will follow.
As example, just a few years ago the bulk of Georgia’s deep receiving core were from North Carolina, including the productive Mohamed Massaquoi. Massaquoi teamed with and was succeeded as primary target by South Carolinian A.J. Green. After a dominant partial junior season at UGA following a suspension, A.J. was drafted high by the Cincinnati Bengals and recently played in his first Pro Bowl as a rookie in the NFL. Most consider him Georgia’s greatest receiver of all time.
This book is the first in Maya Angelou’s six part series of autobiographies. They have become classics, and the first book is used on high school curricula in America. It was third on the American Library Association list of the 100 Most Frequently Challenged Books of 1990–2000, due to its graphic sexual content.
There are few designers that make you want to twirl. Azzedine Alaïa is one of them. It's undeniable that Alaïa is one of the greatest couturiers today. The other day my friends and I came to the conclusion that his technical, draping and cutting skills are up there with the likes of Christian Dior. If you could have one designer design all your clothing (or at the very least your shoes), you would want it to be Alaïa. The silhouettes are always gorgeous.
Well, I didn't realize he still wouldn't be in to paint yet?!?!
· Trust the process
The biggest challenge for me in making healthier meals for our family, is that the best foods and the healthiest are often more expensive. Some things like oats, beans, peanut butter, eggs and some fruits and veggies are the cheapest options. I want to bring more variety and healthier meals into our family meals. I also get bored with making food for me at home for lunch and sometimes find it easier to pick up something to eat for me. This is a habit I want to change.
Chris Huhne has been charged with perverting the course of justice and will almost certainly have to step down from his position as energy and climate change secretary.
I will not pay full price for an article of clothes.
for no apparent reason swerves out on the roadbed just as a battered taxi is going by.
Half of these programs do not require language proficiency in any language other than English. That being said, it would make sense to at least be interested in the culture and language of the country you want to apply to.
Steve Miller – “The Joker” (Capitol)
ammophilous adj; sand-loving. I am decidedly NOT ammophilous, hating the very thought of sand in summer sandwiches or anywhere. Blearghhh!
and I hope someone out there will do. Trey Anastasio of american jam banmd PHISH once named Kevin Shields as one of his major influences, besides Frank Zappa and Jerry Garcia.
Nathanael said to him, “Can anything good come out of Nazareth?” Philip said to him, “Come and see.” Jesus saw Nathanael coming toward him and said of him, “Behold, an Israelite indeed, in whom there is no deceit!” Nathanael said to him, “How do you know me?” Jesus answered him, “Before Philip called you, when you were under the fig tree, I saw you.” Nathanael answered him, “Rabbi, you are the Son of God! You are the King of Israel!” Jesus answered him, “Because I said to you, ‘I saw you under the fig tree,’ do you believe? You will see greater things than these.” And he said to him, “Truly, truly, I say to you, you will see heaven opened, and the angels of God ascending and descending on the Son of Man.”
If so, I think our hipsters may find themselves right back in the same box.
Pokemon Fair for DS - Pokemon Fair Nintendo DS - Pokemon Fair DS Game
I am in love with seersucker fabric lately, so I had to have this swooshy skirt.
Dead Man Walking, Helen Prejean (justice)
The wedding took place across the river from New York in Jersey City which gave us a great reason to stay in Manhattan for a few days. Our hotel was right near Wall Street, so Ben the banker can check out where he might work one day. It's a part of the city I didn't know at all, having mostly been to the museums in mid and uptown during my college years. We visited the Statue of Liberty, which I had never done before. It's a little like the Mona Lisa--much smaller in real life than you expect. The ferry goes to Ellis Island too, which I loved, but Ben said after talking about immigration so much over the years in his English classes, it was a little boring. I am very into visiting historical places, I like seeing where things happened and touching the same walls so many others did. So if that's not you, admiring Lady Liberty from afar is probably best; it's a chilly ferry ride!
Glamour Magazine claims that 70 couples have married due to this dish. The recipe has been featured on The Today Show, Martha Stewart, and Barefoot Contessa.
Tiger Dress
New crochet-hoopy-circles sorted.
Blogger Melody Lane Designs said...
Oh, and it’s good to talk with you again. : )
I believe that the journey can be made by leading people in worship, teaching children "Jesus Loves Me", The patterns of Sit, stand, kneel and recitations at Mass.
Lie #1.
We weren’t able to teach so much this week. We had a lot of things to do in the office and with English class going on it didn’t leave to much time to do anything else which I felt really bad about. We went house, to house to house, and not one of them let us in. You can’t climb the hills to get to people and everyone else is too rich to listen to want to listen to you. It makes me very aggravated but you can’t force it on anyone. Anyways I love you guys and I want you to know that I am always thinking about you guys.
Free State Brewing Co. Hop Jack Ale
Doctors appointment
Who are we left with?
--the poor coverage in the mainstream media of such charged issues, including Atlantic Yards.
Those Who Kill, another Danish offering and Inspector Montalbano, from Italy, while entertaining enough are not quite up to this standard. Those Who Kill was a bit too ‘murder of the week’ to engage as well as it might and it felt oddly lacking in ideas for a first series. Having your protagonist kidnapped twice by serial killers makes her seem a bit crap at her job, frankly. And whilst I loved the glorious locations and the energy of Monalbano, it just didn’t have the warmth and wit of Camilleri’s novels.
January 12, 2011
But don't rely on my cherry-picking, go and read the whole article if you haven't already.
Although the point of our trip that day was birding, I got rather distracted by the butterflies that were present in the area. New for the season were the Fulvia Checkerspot that Rebecca was the first to spot,
We are really enjoying our new bible study and fellowship. We had another couple join us this week so we have a total of 10 of us. We first have a meal around the table and then continue on with our bible study. Marvin and I are the still the youngest couple by about 13 or 14 years although I know a few are 85. We got to know each other better by going around the table and talking about where we were born and how we met. I loved to hear all the stories. We laughed and laughed.
Answering a client’s distress call, skip-tracer Danita Ballinger finds herself battling a mining company executive strong-arming a small rural town and also Pastor Riley Coole who’s determined to show her the error of her ways. When violence invades the town, Riley and Danita must become a united front for the people relying on them for protection.
Netsmart–Teach your students to swim and get out of shallow end of pool.
2. The next on monster list is crafty making mess time. This can be anything from painting, play-doh, colouring or the best one, sticking!
Believe me when I say you are going to be seeing A LOT of the contingent over the next few years. Whilst I am not prepared to tell you anything about them at the moment, bear in mind that the Guardians of time saw fit to split reality to avoid having to deal with them, so that should give you some idea of what is coming up.
Now we know his real radical hidden agenda is in service of the Kremlin.
This past weekend, I had a marathon flea market session with my partner in crime Nicole at the Raleigh Flea Market. I love the flea market and could seriously go every weekend. I think it's the perfect place to find unique accessories and finishing touches for a room. But I never find as much good loot as when I go with Nicole. I think this is equal parts good coincidence and her uncanny ability to find a use for virtually everything I pick up, thus eliminating that little "but what will I do with this?" voice inside my head.
Forgotten truth: Richard Dawkins neglects to dwell upon the fact that Charles Darwin said he believed in God
You don't update your blog for over a month.
Q: Mark, what happened at the start as it wasn’t quite as good. It was still very good.
Shoes: Dansko.
Amy Winehouse - Summer Sundae Festival, Leicester, 15 August 2004
4th: Yakubu: 16 Goals weighted score: 1.31
* There are 5 houses in 5 different colors
Account number : 07 122 0194
Do you REALLY think that is what life is about? Because I am pretty sure the next part is gonna be hard if that is the case. May as well sit that imaginary umbrella drink back on that imaginary tray and cover up that imaginary tan line, because this is going to be pretty harsh. There is no way on Earth(or in Hell, for that matter), that God wants us pursuing any of that. Instead He wants us to be thinking ahead. Not like “tomorrow,” or the “next month” kind of thinking ahead. I mean like Kingdom thinking. And no where in the Bible does the Lord once tell us to horde stuff, and gather all the money and thus comfort that we can get our grubby little fingers on. Believe it or Not, God did not send Christ to die for your flat screen TV. Does that sound bad to you now that you have read it? Did the blood of Christ get you a two-seater convertible to ride around in? It made me sick just a bit to even write that right now. But that is the sad state of affairs in this great country that we live in daily. Corporations, advertisers, billboards, social media, and everything else tells us that we have nothing at our homes. Doesn’t matter that you have the new phone, because it it obsolete now -go get another one. Why eat at home like a family when you can just run through a drive thru and drop 25 bucks to feed the kids? You are saving time, and heck, extra time means that you can see them more, right? This type of lifestyle is not what we should be striving to get to. It is time for all American Christians to understand that there is a fundamental breakdown between what God wants for us, and what we all want for ourselves. Remember how I said earlier that money=comfort? Well let’s correlate that real fast. Money=comfort, and money=this world. Guess what else is in this correlation? This world=broken, this world=Satan. Money=comfort=this world=Satan. Money=Satan. Digest that for a minute. How is money truly not the root of all evils, then? Satan is the root of all evils, and trust me when i say he will gladly use anything to get us caught up in him and not in God. Money is a very easy way of doing that in our culture whereas it may not be as easy to do to Christians overseas, or in different situations. We are always wondering why we will never have happiness through money, when it is plain to see that in this life on this world we are pursuing the wrong things! Have we allowed the world to corrupt us? Have we truly forgotten what sacrifices were made on Calvary for us? Why we have the ability to run around as spoiled and petulant children of God instead of being attached to His leg like a little kid? We need to step back and look at things all over again as we have missed the point completely. This is unacceptable to God, and as such should be unacceptable to Christians.
Szucs TD, Ruef C, Muller D, Sokolovic E, Beeler I, Ostermayer W. The economic impact of influenza in a university hospital setting. Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol 2001; 22: 473-474.
Within every community there are factions, groups that believe (sometimes with good reason) that they have been given the short straw. These groups are nothing new and I highly doubt the phenomenon is going to go away any time soon. And really that might well be a good thing. Life is a series of checks and balances and the put upon minority is a much needed part of that system.
the webpage the same exact way. Also, the webpage usually has a title and picture/video and then text or heading and then text. This helps keep the webpage consistent.
In retrospect, more could have been done to get more faculty familiar and involved in the Singapore project.
Blowin' through the jasmine in my mind
Difficulty: Easy (+4)
Gareth Evans was a math’s genius and one of the best British code breakers.
1:40: Boat 13 is launched with 64 passengers, mostly second and third class women and children. At this point 13 of the ship’s 16 lifeboats are in the water. The bow is almost underwater and passengers have moved toward the stern where the remaining lifeboats are located.
City: Portland
I don’t mean the telephone hacking scandal which has now seen Rupert Murdoch close down Britain’s biggest-selling newspaper.
Tom McFeeley’s apartment block in Stratford (east London), properties of Cork developers to whom NAMA appointed receivers in October 2011, property in Furbo in County Galway. After the avalanche of Northern Ireland shown on the October 2011 list, there is none in November 2011.
The Temptation by Alisa Valdes
Lager. What's surprising about this collaboration was how all those guys could actually all fit inside a brewery and create something drinkable, smooth, with a restrained complexity.
You asked … how does she think?
When the pressures weaken, the trades do too and a period of warmer-than-average sea surface temperatures arise in the east-tropical Pacific Ocean around December, blown along the surface against weakening trade winds which churn its billowing mass into a lingering ‘entity’; the length of its stay can influence weather conditions across much of the globe.
It took me all day to get to this point, but alas I'm here and I'm ready, willing and able to share with you all of my details with the Happy Homemaker Tag Swap. Dear Elizabeth put out the challenge details. Ten pieces of 12x12 paper (our choice), We were to make all of our supply purchases only once. Make 2 identical 6x3 Tags each month (my bad, I made mine 6 x 3.75, I'll do better next month). One to share, one to swap at the end of the year. We could chose our own theme. I racked my brain continually and had a hard time. I did not want to be the one that said My theme is Happy Homemaker..........I wanted to be clever, unique and edgy. I thought somemore.......Still nothing.
1. (tie) Diamond Knot Brewing Co Mukilteo, WA Industrial IPA Imperial IPA Buzz: "They put Columbus hops *in the keg* . Industrial IPA looks to be an ‘over-the-hop’ kind of beer, and at 8.2 ABV you had better take the MAX home." Not what you think of when you taste an ipa, Asa agreed. Darker and different. Ken's favorite of the IPAs.
i.e sagging skin / flabby tummy
Miss Daisy said she would take my glasses. I have the thin lenses for my glasses, but they are still think. I have horrible eye site.
Stamps: September KOM - Unity Stamp Co
For me that was a pint of Ben & Jerry's Half Baked.
Instead of getting out,
WHY do you people think 'obama' sealed all his Illinois state bar exam results and records of what he did while he was in Illinois???????????????Can you get some reality??????????
April Showers....
As Jonah rides on into town we overhear a hushed conversation between two nuns, Sister Agatha (played by Linda Hunt) and Sister Evelyn. Agatha tasks Evelyn with 'washing up' and bringing the dead man back so they can inspect him.
You can easily update your country for your Amazon account.
No? Darn. I h*te being so unpopular.
0130-0200 - The Hounds Below
Performance History
I would never wear that….
Pakatan Rakyat has pledged its full support for tomorrow’s rally, promising to mobilise thousands of supporters to attend the event.
But when the cheese comes out, it falls apart, makes its excuses, gets its coat and leaves quickly.
Whole Foods Diet
This field is deeply rooted with cognitive sciences, since our new understandings of the inner workings of the human brain, combined with the ever growing computing power than we can currently acces has created huge possibilities for Artificial Intelligence. This field generally includes working with people from all across the board: from people more trained in logic and mathematics to people in the fields of psychology and neuroscience, and linguistics.
As an exile in Lusaka Zambia he was living a rich man’s life in the affluent suburb of Avondale . Running a stolen car racket and a bank robbery racket in South Africa.
This morning I am going to answer questions only.
3. Bedford-Stuyvesant
www.sassycherylsdigis.com (Digi Stamp Shop)
Come on out for a silent auction, a fashion show featuring styles from Dillard’s and Koslow’s Furs, a stunning lunch and entertainment by Kyle Dillingham.
If you can write something that transcends your own feelings and reaches a place of broader human truth, you are a successful writer. It’s the proper goal of all art, and writing is no exception.
One day it rained so hard we didn't leave the house
If I choose this, and you choose that – that’s but normal.
4.Bully Bones.
16. Right sides together, pin interior piece to exterior piece, ensuring handles are both tucked neatly toward the center. Using a 1/2" seam allowance, stitch around all 4 sides, leaving a 4-5" opening on one long side.
Helena Bonham Carter is having a bit of a moment this month. She has modelled some totally beautiful McQueen and Westwood gowns for Harper's Bazaar's June issue... Here's a Behind the Scenes video from the shoot...
A BIG, BRIGHT VIEW
It is understood, however, that in order for the Good News of God’s Word to do its work in us we have to accept the fullness of that Word in Faith. In speaking of those in Israel’s past who were also presented with the Word but failed to profit from it Paul also says:
In this extraordinary tale of magic and intrigue, romance and danger, everything you thought you knew about faeries will be changed forever.
These plans are not always the same for each of us. It is so important, that each of us learns to have an intimate relationship with the Lord. Just because something worked for one person does not mean it will always work the same for you. Your actions, seeking and obeying His commandments and your FAITH, will dictate your blessings and their effectiveness, and timeliness! THE Lord shall supply you’re your needs according to His riches and Glory.
Accept I shall with out a blow
No such luck. He never learned why they were there—perhaps some nobleman just wanted a change of scenery, or maybe this misfortune was the vengeance of Chalsene himself—but even as he'd darted across a length of back road that should have been empty, he'd stumbled directly into the path of a small procession. A heavy carriage-and-four, its wood painted black and emblazoned with the ensign of a golden gauntlet, was trundling up the path, surrounded by no fewer than a dozen mounted knights.
You can get additional entries:
Have always scribbled and always will, I relate everything to drawing no matter the medium, graphite, paint and thread are all just different ways to make your mark.
So I put on some tassels, then he said, "why don't you put on a flower or something" So I did, you see, he is the one with the creative mind, I just make it.
"wait. What? You applied at the casino?" my bestfriend tried to clarify what I just said.
provides lodging, and ledging, for lizard of mine.
Marc Ouellette is a personal trainer who has helped thousands of people reach their goals by incorporating workout routines and simple meal plans to build muscle and lose weight.
(looking at pictures people tagged of me on facebook): "How can anyone even stand looking at me!? I'm a monster!!"
I got sick. I never get sick.
To answer email q's: the green Ikat plate is from C.Wonder here; the blue plate is Kate Spade but I'm not sure which collection; the silver plate is Ralph Lauren's romance collection.
Pent-up need for treatment appears to exist.
The Dark Horse has a snappy, Pre-code sensibility that makes watching it a lot of fun, but it doesn't quite gloss over the major structural problem with the film. The first half of the film is a dead on skewering of politics, and it's hilarious. The second half of the film, once Maybelle (Vivienne Osborne) comes onto the scene, shifts its focus to Blake's personal problems, which are a lot less interesting. True, the two eventually converge as Maybelle becomes enmeshed in the scheme at the end of the movie, but this part of the movie seems like make-work. This was written and filmed quickly and they didn't have time for niceties like an integrated plot, guess. This is really two films spliced together and the seams do show. Still this has funny scenes throughout, and its funniest scene, one involving a barbed wire fence, is near the end. And the movie is subtle in the way it arrives at the conclusion that the emperor has no clothes (in this case, literally).
* When you’re feeling in any way not on top of your form, smile for a while to boost your mood and energy levels.
Ohh and my little kitten wanted to be posted too! :)
The Beast is just like her father—smart and annoying with all things electronic. I, on the other hand, would still be using a rotary phone if I could find one anywhere.
A2 Times Square Preachers - Ain't Smiling
I am a degenerate nihilist
Moments like these provide great perspective. Because to Yankees, southern hospitality represents a kind of charm and grace that you just don’t get everywhere. We say “please” and “thank you” and “ma’am” because somebody along the way told us that’s how decent people treat people. Now that I’ve had the chance to experience being Southern from the outside looking in, I’ll shred my usual diplomacy for what my parents called “constructive criticism.” Dear Dixie, I’m only telling you what I see because I still love you.
In 1952 the family purchased a forging plant in downtown Batavia, Illinois, located on the Fox River. Due to the wish of Batavia to develop the riverside lot for residential buildings, a new building was constructed and the plant was moved to an industrial section of town in 1966, where it is located today. Currently, the plant is being expanded by 10,000 square feet to house new forging equipment that will be dedicated to new Chicago Hardware items. All the steel used to forge Chicago Hardware products is made in the USA, and Chicago Hardware only manufactures in the USA.
Like the ritziest diamonds, or anyway, zircon,
Last week Jason took a day off from work and treated Aidan to a day out. Just the two of them.
striped shirt: Forever 21
I am not sure if any will hatch or not, but since a tornado destroyed our chick pens last summer, I have taken the precaution of buying all the pieces to build a new one. I had a great time quizzing clerks at the home improvement store about the correct number and type of PVC fittings to create a particular structure. Others were brought in to help me calculate the amount of chicken wire needed to cover said structure. Surely, I was not the weirdest person they encountered that day. (I can hope, can’t I?)
Lay your chicken cutlets out on a cutting board and get a generous number of toothpicks out of the box (your fingers are about to get messy, so you don’t wanna keep sticking them back in the box). Place 2tbsp. of your mixture on each cutlet and spread out to cover the piece without going all the way to the edges… you don’t want all of your mixture to squeeze out in the next step.
What I missed?
The BJS report also documents a sharp
So, you should have arrived here from Mona Pendleton's blog. If not, here's the full list of participating designers on today's JustRite Mega Blog Hop. Remember to leave comments with as many of the daily designers for a chance at a MEGA-sized prize!!
If this has made your skin crawl, you’re probably not alone. Arachnophobia is thought to be the most common of all phobias in the Western world. It’s clear phobias have some genetic element–we seem predisposed to fear animals or heights, but not cars even though they are much more likely to kill us.
Stamps - Chocolate Barouque/punky Romance
So on the one hand I am a Zionist, and on the other a religious Jew. The two of those don’t necessarily have to be opposed, but they are differing approaches to how I view myself, my people, the existence of a ‘Jewish’ state, and our relation and responsibilities to God.
In some styles of qigong, it is taught that humanity and nature are inseparable, and any belief otherwise is held to be an artificial discrimination based on a limited, two-dimensional view of human life. According to this philosophy, access to higher energy states and the subsequent health benefits said to be provided by these higher states is possible through the principle of cultivating virtue (de or te 德, see Tao Te Ching, chapters 16, 19, 28, 32, 37, and 57). Cultivating virtue could be described as a process by which one comes to realize that one was never separated from the primal, undifferentiated state of being free of artificial discrimination that is the true nature of the universe. Progress toward this goal can be made with the aid of deep relaxation (meditation), and deep relaxation is facilitated by the practice of qigong.
The pen is mightier than the.....pigs.
Tour Date: Friday, April 13th
7) Learn Me Good Groupies (Both of you)
Manchester United - £60,325,337
Meet Virginia
I shouldn’t leave you with the impression that I consider all humans to be machete-wielding maniacs, like the manager of the safari camp. Obviously, upright primates have a violent side to their nature (which they get from their chimp genes), but they also have a pacifist side to their nature (which they get from their gorilla genes). A laudable example of benign human behaviour was seen in the recent cuddle party at a London train station, in which pairs of humans attempted to break the world record for the longest hug. I don’t know if any of them succeeded, but the girls on the left deserve points for artistic impression.
As for the itself, it is fabulous. One of the few things I like about Mizzzz Scarlett is her quick thinking and resourcfullness, and that dress has certainly been burned in my mind. Perhaps it is an early influence on me, since the film is one of my mother's favorites.
Upland - Komodo Dragonfly Black IPA, Bloomington
This book is valuable reading for legal practitioners and academics in the field of information technologies and intellectual property law, economists interested in knowledge-economy business models and sociologists interested in internet and social networks".
My "good" camera died shortly after we arrived, and apparently I had my second best camera on a close up setting, so I apologize for the quality of some of the shots.
I usually like them in bold colors and patterns.
- It is a device that swivels and tilts.
The worst part of these train rides is where they drop you off at the end: your parents' house! This whole time, they were telling you how important it was to stay on schedule. Now you are back where you started. With a lot of knowledge about riding trains, and maybe not much else. They say go now, find your passion. You say "Now? But that's what I wanted to do all along and you... Nevermind."
Anyway, on Saturday night, report the witnesses, the tensions seemed higher than usual. Owens, who is no shrinking violet, has a criminal record that includes arrests for domestic assault and driving under the influence. He was visiting people in the yard of 1013 Delmar when the trouble really began. Youths were running through various yards, causing commotion. Owens told them to stop. They didn’t; instead repeatedly denigrating him as “white boy.” As they argued in the middle of the street, some apparently went to get parents or other adults. It was the adults speeding up in three or four cars within five minutes, not the youths, who are described as basically going berserk. Owens tried to get to safety at 1012 Delmar, where he was staying. He made it to the porch but not through the door. The mob — described variously as 15-20 people or, in one telling from a witness, as many as 40, although that is hard to imagine in such a short time period — grabbed anything they could find as weapons. They beat Owens with paint cans — paint clearly remained on his clothes and body in the hospital — brass buckles, chairs, perhaps some bricks, and even some unlit tiki torches (used as sticks) that were in a neighbor’s yard; they hit him mostly around the head, with a few kicks or other blows to the groin and stomach for good measure. Some describe the attack as lasting at least five minutes, with Owens screaming for help but neighbors unable to do much in the face of such a large mob.
The New York Times reports on the immigration facility at Ward’s Island. While the outbreak of civil war has significantly reduced immigration from what it was between 1849 and 1860, none-the-less, 91,985 immigrants enter the United States this year. The vast majority, over 80%, come from three regions: 30.0% come from the German states; 26.8% come from Great Britain; and 25.4% come from Ireland. In large part, they are male (58.4%), between the ages of 15 and 40 (73.0%) and without occupations (54.9%– however, this figure includes children under age 15 and many but not all women; for example, 3.2% of the total number of immigrants, over 2900, list their occupation as some form of “domestic worker” and the majority of them are women).
After high school I went to China, at first to study the language but I continued dancing seriously and was selected to be in the first national Beijing Dance Academy where I earned my Bachelor’s Degree.
“When a nation practices evil, there is no way that it is going to be blessed in the long run. The truth is that we have become a nation that is dripping with corruption and wickedness from the top to the bottom. Unless this fundamentally changes, not even the most perfect political policies in the world are going to do us any good. In the end, you always reap what you sow. The day of reckoning for the U.S. is nigh.” -Anonymous
check her (him?) out:
So, out goes Anwar to be replaced by Gordon Dangerfield, a veteran of the anti-poll tax campaign who has acted for the former MSP in previous court battles.
Professional book reviewer? Is that even a real job? Can you get paid for reading books and writing your opinion of them these days? If so, I would instinctively feel that I was somehow unqualified for it, but if I am indulging in a “Dream job” list, sure, why not?
Viddy has most recently become known as “the Instagram of video.” This easy to use app allows users to capture a video, instantly edit it with music and video, then share them on social media sites like Facebook and Twitter. While Instagram has become increasingly popular and has aided in providing the importance of images in social media, Viddy goes a step further with the addition of motion and sound. This service is great for clients who wish to capture real life moments and share them with consumers and is great for adding even more personality to a virtual presence. Viddy is currently available as an app in iTunes and to view on their website. An Android version is set to release later this year.
Italian-Americans do not mess around when it comes to tomato sauce.
He had been dead some years and I was now living on the Lower East Side, frequenting CBGBS and other temples of the cool. Long before his passing I had distanced myself from the old ideologies and the violence that attended them. Still every now and then in the back of my mind I’d hear his echo, “Every generation must do their part to solve the British problem in the North of Ireland.”
Mr. G. Kingsworth is still very sick of pneumonia.
about this but the witch was strong magickally and confident she could defend
Gillian Anderson as MI7 Agent Pamela Thornton, Head of MI7 and she is kind of strict person in this movie. You can see very awkward expression from her in this movie because Johnny English strangle her mum while having a meeting inside at her house, and Johnny save her life at the end of story.
I don't wanna talk about it. Maybe later.
Their Destiny is Coming
JUMPING SPIDER
How To Choose The Right Professional Power Tools?
He was so proud, we couldn’t bear to tell him it wasn’t very good.
Probably the closest I'll ever get to being a published author. Certainly the closest I'll get to featuring in the same list as Mike Mearls! (He's 3 down and 1 to the left..) Heh.
8. Planet Earth (Xhol)
And it was in this awareness that the battle began. And continues.
We have had our ups and downs also. Who hasn't? We've had fights that have temporarily stopped us from talking. We have had plenty of disagreements. But unlike other friendships that may crumble at those times, our friendship has become stronger.
Yet, a romantic notion about the pleasures of solitude persists, and I would be disingenuous if I claimed not to share that notion. Hence, I confess that something like this appeals to me (even though I have never been a fan of D. H. Lawrence):
I love to feed you,
*Bass. Ahem. Sorry.
