And responding they answer all, (but not in words,)
Some may find fault with Hoagland's understanding of exogeology or astronomy, but his understanding of esoteric symbolism is immense. The links between secret societies and the space program (indeed, the links between secret societies and the power structure as a whole) are inarguable and well-documented, and Hoagland's understanding of their history and symbol systems is deep and meticulous. And in "Credit," I also shared a hunch on where exactly the Obama Administration was ultimately going to be taking the country, what his role in history was:
I am putting myself forth as a reference of Jesus Christ. How are you responding to that witness? Is He foolishness or is He the power of God in your life? I close with Romans 1:16. “For I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ for it is the power of God unto salvation to everyone that believeth.”
Guides shape you in more subtle ways than teachers, helping you to figure out by yourself what you need. Herbie Hancock remembered in an interview how Miles Davis would use metaphors rather than give direct instruction. Miles would say things like: “You know sometimes you walk to the kerb and you get ready to step off – and then you step back and go another way.” Miles Davis also famously told the guitarist John McLaughlin: “Play the guitar like you don’t know how to play.”
In a 3-quart stock pot, combine the water, milk, butter and salt.
"The Rawk Show" will be open every day from 12-8pm during the week of March 14-19, with an afternoon party for the show will be on the 19th.
I've posted previously about the concerns we have regarding my daughter's health. Today I noticed something strange and new going on with her eyes, so I called her ophthalmologist. The doctor, in turn, called her pediatrician. They are both extremely concerned and are trying to get my baby in to get scans done right away. We will then, depending on the results of the scans, need to take her to an neurologist or a surgeon. I will not have free time to make posts for a little while. I hope you guys understand.
It was exactly that sensation of sickness in my gut that I would get in connection to my present partner when the two-year mark drew nearer. Another connection at that time when I was two was that my mum decided to leave the town I was born in and move back to her home town. My father never wanted to be part of my life - a different story. I believe that they must have had arguments while I was in the room which leads to another emotional problem of mine: feeling trapped in an uncomfortable environment and not be able to run away. To run away is all I want to do after two years in the same environment.
I am not much of a speaker or writer. I say and write what is on my mind.
22For in a short time I will take the journey from which I will not come back.
6 HMRC office and 10 digit ref eg 981/1234567890
Correction Methods for Gear Tooth And Spline Involutes
The worst lies are the ones we subconsciously tell ourselves. They’ve been ingrained in our minds by bad external influences and negative thinking. So the next time you decide to unclutter your life and clean up your space, start with your intellectual space by clearing out the old lies and negative self-talk you often recite to yourself.
blossoms and pink silktree blooms
Israel has imposed a complete lock-down of Gaza, this most densely populated place on earth. That means not only sealed borders and no access to food or medicine, but gas and electricity are also shut down. It is more than a miserable existence; it is a slow death. Many are now calling it a war crime. This siege intensified immediately after the $30 billion generous aid package was handed to Israel during the recent President Bush visit to Israel.
His loveliness and His splendor are beyond description.
5. details, details. i will never be FP because i include too much detail in my writing. just this morning i read FP about the perils of something called “pinterest.” not once in the post did it explain what the hell pinterest is, but the story said it will ruin my life. although i suspect that it was written by a disgruntled pinterest user, i’ll probably follow the advice without ever knowing what i’m avoiding.
The last bit may cause concern, however, what is Scripture? Scripture is God's gracious self-revelation. So, if Scripture changes its lovers into itself, it will change us into the likeness of the God who is revealed in Scripture. It makes us like Christ. We do not worship Scripture but the God revealed in Scripture and so by Scripture we become like him - his image increasingly clearly displayed in us.
"Not to tell you what to do," I said, "But wouldn't it have been easier to put them where it's flat instead of going up the hill?"
I am well known for being a bit of a cow when commuting. Asking yoofs to turn their MP3’s down, proffering tissues to sniffers that sound like wart hogs running the marathon, glaring at people who shout into their phones; probably because they don’t believe that the electronic gadget actually conveys the sound and therefore they must shout so the other person can hear them 50 miles away. People with feet on seats, tsk, tsk tsk.
It was another dog alright!
Parkland law enforcement discovered all this information during questioning, along with the fact that Witherspoon is still on parole.
The answer is: nothing.
Gift Ideas, Gift Baskets, Baby Gift Baskets, Corporate Gifts, Fruit Baskets, Wine Gifts, Baby Gifts, Gourmet Gift Baskets, Christmas Gift Baskets, Fruit Gift Baskets, New Baby Gifts, Balloon Bouquets, Thank You Gifts, Get Well Gifts, Sympathy Gift Basket
(And yes I do have pictures to prove this.)
we've updated the link to the storage boxes.
*I don't care if you use Crisco, peanut oil, veggie oil, canola oil or motor oil. Really. Use what you feel is right for the health of your family. I think olive oil's smoke point is too low as well as adding a flavor I'm not sure is complimentary, and I am pretty sure they'll look at you funny if you use motor oil.
But that isn’t difficult to achieve – it just requires putting in some effort. if you contact an organization like HARO ( help a reporter out) or one of the many other sites ( google something like ‘find an expert in home decorating’) they can match you up with an expert in your field in the country you need.
You are showing moderate emotional vampire tendencies. Take a breath. Begin to tackle each behavior individually over time and take baby steps to change. For instance, if you tend to be self-obsessed you can begin to ask others about themselves. Celebrate every change you make to be supportive.
To conclude, Willard has adopted a very helpful pragmatic active view of discipleship. Yet, certain aspects of discipleship such as discipling others and the church’s role in discipleship were sadly absent. Discipleship surely cannot be a passive wait for a spiritual lightning bolt to shock a person into Christ’s image. Humans are spiritual beings with fleshly desires that warp them into something far removed from God’s purposes. Discipleship is, in a real sense, something that reshapes the very soul into a place focused on Christ. Discipline is a key characteristic of the life Christ lived. He set aside time for prayer, reflection, fasting, and even wilderness getaways. The reality is that Christ commanded of his disciples obedience and a change of heart, but He never told them they would go it alone. The road is narrow and rough, but nevertheless worth dying for every day. Discipleship is established solely in Christ, and accomplished through a careful and passionate following of His life and being.
Anyone Wanna Come?
One last thought – being unhealthy can be expensive (more medical bills, more medications, etc.). Look at healthy eating with plenty of fruits and vegetables as a good long-term strategy for saving money. That might be a provocative thought but it makes sense to me. What about you?
It's amazing to me that when I talk to some of my younger students about 9/11, they have almost no memory of it. They were too young to remember the fear and uncertainty of that day. Although I wish that it had never happened, I am thankful that I can remember when it did.
10. Bee colony Collapse Disorder 2007 Could this new phenomenon be attributed to some of our atmospheric tests - Much as Navy Sonar can disrupt whales and dolphins, contrails and Aerosols aka Chemtrails disrupt trees, plants, grasses, wild weeds, and crops. Yes I believe it does and has for years and we are seeing it first hand.
on a different note, i’ve reaaally neglected the work outfits post, i know! i’m very sorry, but in my defense, i’ve been taking the pictures but just haven’t found the time to post them yet… it’s a shitty defense argument but it’s true!
And if you then notice that these same companies are systematically withdrawing support from their cask brands.... I think you're beginning to get the outline of the picture here.
I am freezing today! it's like winter again!
Janet Zucker and Jerry Zucker
L of the Book Archaeologist asked: I have a question for you, and it may fall a bit outside the purview of your blog but I’m curious. Recently I was having lunch and eavesdropped on a (very loud) conversation about marriage, divorce, and Islam. The two people talking were girls, and neither of them was obviously a Muslim (and I know appearances can be deceiving, but by this I mean neither was wearing a head scarf or anything). One was very forcibly asserting that Islam was the first religion to allow and embrace the concept of divorce. Is that true? I have to admit, I’m a bit skeptical about her claims, so I thought I would ask!
CSIRO successfully sued Buffalo in the E.D. Tex. for infringing the '069 patent, and sough a permanent injunction. Buffalo countered that CSIRO was not entitled to an injunction since eBay, since it did not produce any products or otherwise compete in the relevant wireless market.
Rekindling Belief in an Age of Disenchantment
6) All the cool magic and world building: Along with all the different types of characters are the many forms of magic that go along with them. Telepathy, telekinesis, controlling the weather, healing, regeneration, seduction, charm, elemental magic. You can find all those powers and more in urban fantasy, along with settings that range from modern-day New York to elven castles to fairy lands full of dangerous creatures.
Orks
Poured a dark brown with ruby highlights and a nice tan, long lasting head.The taste was rich and complex with spices and dark fruits and most surprisingly, some nice hop bitterness. Despite the nice head, the carbonation seemed a little low. Overall, very nice. I liked 2011 better than 2010.
Vegetables are a great source of nutrition in our diet. Not to mention, pulses and lentils are absolutely needed to compensate your protein if you are on vegetarian diet. This simple and delicious recipe of colorful vegetables cooked in spicy gravy makes a flavorful meal and easily made ahead. It is also low fat and on the table in less than half an hour.
Start with the 21 inch mesh. Scrunch it and use the wire to attach it to the wreath preferably starting at the bottom. Make a puff and attach it with the next wire.
May you find your Muse.
Repeat CHORUS
She stilled, then started messaging my shoulders. “You’re so tense, lay down a sec-“
As a key policy of his new remit, Davey is happy to have introduced the new morally judgemental housing priority criteria: fast tracking for needy families with parents who can offer proof of their 'positive contribution' to the community, and he is also imposing a five year limit for new tenancies, which will stop the undeserving poor from getting too comfortable in their subsidised social housing, put down roots, or maintain continuity for their no doubt equally feckless children. If only these lazy residents would try to aspire to the values followed by our Tory councillors, and learn from the remarkably positive contribution to the community they undoubtedly make.
Somehow, in my messed up head, I had to go through a process of consciously deciding it was ok, But it was ok.
So what am I trying to say?
You can also host this workshop in your home (in Utah) with your friends during the month of February and earn FREE hostess rewards (free CTMH shopping spree!) while you do it. If you are interested in doing that, please contact me (801.360,9896, pedermom@aol.com) and I'll give you all the details.
Did any of them sing, or dance, or even breathe?
I suspect the variable he's seeking is not "conquered by Arab armies" but "spent over 500 years ruled by a Caliphate dynasty". Which does seem to correlate better with a 21st century democracy deficit.
Wrapping me with borrowed gleams: short-ranged,
06/05/11
She put out the lamp and continued blindly through the dead space, her previous foes left behind and forgotten for the moment as she continued on with a building sense of dread growing inside her breast. She walked towards her doom leisurely, and had time to catch her breath, to rest her aching thighs. For awhile, an insubstantial light danced around the edges of her vision, a green glow that settled and began to grow as she moved towards it. A set of wide stone stairs crossed her path and she found herself atop a raised platform. At each corner a green globe faintly glowed above a slender staff, but the center of the dais was enclosed by rows of close-set columns holding up a stone slab roof. It reminded Sharia of a shrine.
I had missed Bersih 2.0 but this time, I will not miss it for anything. My yellow Bersih T-shirt is ready and so too my walking shoes. Despite being discouraged by friends who feared for my safety (a woman should not participate in rallies but stayed at home, they said), I am going ahead with my plans to participate. I am not intimidated by tear gas, acid water or police batons. Chase us, frightened us, spray us, kick us if you must but I am going to be there. I knew I am doing it for my children and their children. They deserved a better Malaysia –if we do not act now, when? If we do not act for them, who will?
For all eternity to an ugly man, is very,
the chirping of the birds, his semen
These writers include (links go out to extended bios):
She admitted that it had made her “pretty nervous”, but her age matched that of most of the crowd and they buoyed her up with enthusiasm.
Well, not The Ten Commandments or Seven Brides For Seven Brothers... but he's been in everything else.
the ring would be right there.
I wanted something special and individual to give my grandsons this year. Not something so precious they couldn't use now, but something they could interact with and could be saved for later with the meaning of a personal blessing just for them. These board books were repurposed from a thrift store, gessoed, and sanded. I used the boys names as the themes of the books and the blessings. Each letter of their first name has a page with objects beginning with that letter. Then there is a page for their first, middle, and last names with the meanings. On the last page is a blessing I wrote for each one.
(I also added a little pico de gallo that i had in the fridge)
What about you? Do you have something in your life you will NEVER SAY NEVER to?
So for all the Ravens fans and 49ers fans of the world, I leave you with the parting words – Go Pats! Go Giants! And for everyone in general, pleasant dreams.
In a food processor, pulse the graham crackers, almonds, coconut, and sugar to a fine crumb. With the machine running, slowly add the melted butter and pulse until it resembles moist sand.
EVERYTHING for the just and right cause !
Not only can you not marry just anyone, you can’t marry everyone either, though some of us have tried harder than others. Believe me, I have been incredibly open-hearted in my choices of life-mates. It’s time to get smarter. So, while it may seem cruel, if one is selecting a mate, it’s entirely understandable, even necessary to be very selective.
I can't believe we are already on to the third day of the wedding week link-up :) In case you're just stopping by now, check out our engagement photos here and our rehearsal dinner here. Today I am super excited to be linking up over at Valerie's blog to share all our pre-ceremony details.
A recent study showed that fresh produce loses nutrients quickly. Food that is frozen or canned soon after harvest is actually more nutritious than some "fresh" produce that has been on the truck or supermarket shelf for a week. Locally grown food, purchased soon after harvest, retains its nutrients.
ALSO: The tale of the revered Haitian hairdresser in the crypt!
You’re sixteen, not six, she thought, sighing at her reflection. Then she smiled. Pushing the pendant to the left, she pressed it hard against her skin and squeezed her eyes shut.
Miss Snark's blog was written by a literary agent. It was a beacon of truth and light in a swirl of confusion and lots of we writers flocked their like alcoholic moths to neon beer sign. We were thirsty for the plain spoken knowledge she dispensed. Sadly Miss Snark hung up her blogging stilettos back in '07 but the archives remain a treasure trove of information. I wish the great Snarky One would return and offer her take on the state of publishing, e-books, indies, and self-publishing, but I'm sure she's off with Killer Yapp and George Clooney soaking up sun and avoiding general nitwittery.
There is definitely a crisis of public confidence in the electoral process that drew a huge crowd at the rally. Hypothetically, if to each who participated in the rally there were 20 other supporters who could not make themselves available on that propitious day this could easily come to more than 6 to 7 million Malaysians who are not happy with UMNO and the present government.
She really does like to keep us on our toes. Now I have to work something out so that she cannot bite the wood. I already covered the top of the chest of drawers in newspaper because she was biting the edges of that.
for this grimy buck.
Last night I had trouble sleeping so gave in and spent some time praying and reflecting. When I finally woke this morning I was excited to see what this day would hold.
a scaffolding
This means you will pay for both the assessment and your ongoing legal fees while waiting for your suit to complete. Which can take years. In the meantime, the construction project will commence and no one in you association will be able to sell or refinance because banks do not fund loans at market rates in Associations that are being sued. Thus your neighbors will hate you.
I can't believe you are already 2 months old! You have been such a joy and a beautiful addition to our family. You are such a sweet baby there isn't much you don't like yet and you are generally content and happy. You have been smiling so much lately and you even talk back to us. You love when I sing You are my sunshine and If your happy and you know it. You try to sing with me, it's so sweet. You love to look around, go on walks and be outside and love to be held. I think I have spoiled you, I don't know what it's like to just have one baby so you get held much more than your sisters did, just because I can! I have started putting you on more of a schedule. Mainly if we are at home you will eat, play on the floor or in your swing or do tummy time, then when you get fussy I put you down for a nap and you will sleep until you eat again. You nurse every three hours but eat closer together at night time. We know you are truly ours because you are such a great sleeper. We have gotten in a good night time routine and i think that is what helped so much. You are awake between your last feedings, you LOVE getting a bath and you are fussiest when I get you out because you know you're about to eat! I feed you then we get all swaddled, you love to be swaddled. You go to bed around 9:00 and sleep until 6:30 or 7:00. I swaddle you back up and you sleep 2 more hours unless I have to get you up when sissy goes to school. Speaking of sissy, she makes you very happy. She loves you so much and every time you cry she says " I think I hear my baby" I got to go get her"! She loves to give you your paci, tickle your feet and rub your head. Ramsey used to call your sister evie "sisoo" and she calls you that sometimes which warms my heart. I wish you could have known evie. I know she is always watching over you and I can't wait to show you videos and tell you all about her when you get old enough!
Why won’t it let us be?
12 Room With A View
I am eating lunch alone in a cafe in Santa Cruz. I am seated near the window, looking out on a busy street. Great people watching. A woman skateboards past me. More confidence and cool in her little finger than I will muster in my whole life.
I love the sparkly top and the deep rich flavor. This pairs up well with a straight shot of espresso, especially after the second day when the bread becomes just a little drier.
‘Sign language.’
I know. It's adorable as is, but this thing sat in my garage for nearly 2 years! I didn't even know if it worked. The electrical part held me back. So I went for it anyway with my new idea. I had a deadline here! :)
Preheat oven to 375ºF. Combine baking powder, flour, and hazelnut meal. In another bowl, beat the butter, 80 g sugar, and 2 eggs until creamy. Mix in flour mix, cover, and let rest 10 minutes. Butter a 26 cm round springform and sprinkle with bread crumbs. Shake out surplus bread crumbs. Spread batter into form and bake in the middle of the oven for 10 minutes. Whisk together remaining 80 g sugar, 3 eggs, sour cream, pudding powder, vanilla sugar, lemon zest, and allspice. Fold in blueberries. Spread blueberries mix on the cake and return to oven. Bake for 30-40 minutes. If the center of the cake is not set, switch on the broiler for 1-2 minutes (watch the cake!) until golden brown.
4. Deceivers
Ben made it with a little bit of lemon juice, zest, garlic, salt, and pepper. This combo always wins with us. Here's a recipe you might want to try. Brussels sprouts are really good! Really!!!
“Yea…” Lisa answered the phone taking a deep breath before sighing deeply and loudly into the phone.
I'm so excited! Today marks the 100th challenge for Pixie Dust Studio! I'm so glad you've joined us through the weeks, THANK YOU! With out you, our challenges wouldn't be as fun... SO... we've decided to give away just a few more prizes! Exactly how many... well, that's going to be Pixie's little secret! ;)
Ginny Lyons—Chair, Senate Natural Resources and Energy Committee
Someone told Newt that running is a sure way to lose a lot of weight. Surely his future amazingly young and pretty 6th wife would appreciate that.
Title: The Milestone Tapes
The day we sent the proposal for Mormon Mishaps and Mischief, I was on my way out of town for a week, and Cindy was moving and had no internet for a week, so you can imagine our surprise when we both came back online and discovered we had a contract offer that was a few days old. A year later, Mormon Mishaps and Mischief was released into stores.
You may have to go to your local library (with fingers crossed) to get a copy of Henrietta on cd, as it proved to be elusive in my internet search, but if you can find it, you are in for a treat. Henrietta has an imagination and turn of phrase that will have even the hardest-boiled second grader giggling. "Sheeza-mageeza" is now a part of the family lexicon, having replaced another phrase that produced permanent frown lines every time I heard it, and for that alone, I am eternally indebted to author Martine Murray. Henrietta: she really is A Real Go Getter.
Do I think my weight caused Quinn’s autism? Not really. Could it have been a factor? Yes, it could have. I believe there was a perfectly imperfect storm that caused Quinn to have autism. A series of things that together caused it. For the record, my husband did not send me the link to imply it was my fault. In reality, he blames himself. He believes he was somewhere on the spectrum when he was younger. My husband had a speech delay and was thought to have a learning disability when he was in elementary school. He needed help understanding concepts at times. He also had to repeat kindergarten because they thought he was “not socially ready” to move on. Hmmm, what does that sound like?
Guess I need to install a mouse alert to let them know it's time to exit!
The second beer is even more special, and will be vastly more
Beat the butter and sugar with the paddle on medium speed until light, about 5 minutes.
I filled mine with our regular chilli, cheddar cheezly and quacamole. Not sharing the recipe, since I've already posted a few from viva vegan here and you should go get the book you cheap skate. I also tried the corn and cheese filled variety minus the cheese but found that the corn kept getting burnt so prefer the plain variety.
That's right. Me.
That being said, we should prepare our outfit for the first day of the week – raring to go to tackle a week of hubbubs, tight deadlines, meetings and all that usual work hum-drum.
The Prime Minister has already announced the Public Inquiry will extend to Scotland and we would expect it to look at the allegations of corruption in Lothian and Border Police amongst other matters, it really is time that all political parties in Scotland had the guts to speak out on this issue.
Don’t forget to raise your voice against injustice
The swiveling radius of the owl’s head is around 270˚,
As far as the extra monthly goals (weekly hill runs & read two books a month) I have going on for myself! I attend the hill workouts every week in April with the NTX Runners! Makes them soo much better to run with company! As far as books I had some makeup work to do for my reading in March and I didn’t quite catch up! I did read The Paris Wife byPaula McLain and The Lucky One by Nicholas Sparks. I’m not ashamed – sometimes you gotta mix up the serious with some cheese! And I’m currently three-fourths of the way through The Girl in the Green Sweater: A Life in Holocaust’s Shadow by Krystyna Chiger.
Here's another link Peter sent me to the same track. This one has a little less flutter and a little more rumble: http://waxidermy.com/images/The_Khalsa_String_Band-Sing_Of_Bliss.mp3
7. Place in a frying pan over a medium heat and fry the chicken for about 5 mins. Turning once. Here is a pic of what mine looked like so far:
HE BUILDS THEM IN THE LIKENESS OF OLDER WHEELS (worlds), PLACING THEM ON THE IMPERISHABLE CENTRES (a).
Pouring from some unknown place
Fair enough. I gave up on becoming a teacher. Other schools had the same reason. And so for a while, I decided to pick up on the legacy of my parents and go into advertising. But I didn’t want their help and I wanted to get hired on my own. For a while, I wanted to be part of a world so different from what I am part of now — the young professional in Makati kind of world. But as promising as I was — these interviews have this way of giving you false hope — none of them would hire me. Their reason? My degree is not an advertising one.
I'll see you in a few days!
Meet at the Brooklyn Historical Society, 128 Pierrepont St. Bus leaves BHS promptly at 1:45.
On a battlefield where combatants had their faces covered, shields could be used as an identifying device, hence the practice of painting them with a knight’s coat of arms. Of course, they don’t necessarily have to sport such a crest. They might simply be designed in such a way as to strike fear into their opponents – worked with a snarling face, for instance, or constructed of human bones.
Once inside the doctor’s lounge, she turned and faced him, crossing her arms. “Okay. Now can you tell me what is going on here?”
Otherwise you'll fall asleep at the dinner table. I speak from experience...lol! Our four days in Barcelona went by in a flash, but, I'd do it again in a heartbeat!
Tuesday I did a three mile run at lunch. The sun was blazing but at least there was a cool breeze off Lake Michigan. Still, I took it easy and we stopped for water twice. The boys did the full 4 mile route but us gals just did 3. That's really all I wanted to do, anyway. My legs were pretty tired from running 7.5 miles less than 24 hours before. 10.5 miles in 18 hours? You'd think I was running a relay or something!
but I still thought it was fun.
I had so much love for the challenges when it first started, and I still do but Uni and my business are really taking over and I simply don't have enough time anymore to devote to everything I have going on. So something had to go. If you do have an interest in taking the blog over, and creating your own dares then please e-mail me at kayla.r@live.com with your interest. Otherwise unfortunately this will be the last dare.
Not us. Here’s a little snippet of what our conversation last night sounded like:
Irgens Å, Krüger K, Skorve AH, Irgens LM. Male proportion in offspring of parents exposed to strong static and extremely low-frequency electromagnetic fields in Norway. Am J Ind Med 1997; 32: 557-561.
It includes several varieties of lettuces, and plenty of greens: spinach, swiss chard, collards and kale. Peas and carrots, radishes and rhubarb, and berries for dessert will also be on the menu, along with some standard fare herbs and some more unusual varieties such as anise hyssop, thai basil and sorrel. Camomile also will be grown…a favorite tea maybe of the First Family? Edible flowers such as nasturtiums and marigolds will border the raised, organically fertilized beds, along with zinnias, for cut flowers. And to top it off, a White House staff member will also tend two bee hives for honey.
“Don’t you have a hat?” she asked me. “Are you going to be warm enough? I hope you don’t have far to go now.”
These church dogs provided an allegorical display of various virtues of the Christian faith: Eyes fixed solely on Jesus, a desire to seek God’s presence, vigilance in the face of worldly distractions, and finding refuge in God. Dogs know their Master and are completely devoted regardless of the circumstances. But it should be dogged devotion to God, not to dogma. More than the church buildings I have visited and the organized religion they represented, man’s best friend pointed the way back to faith. The word dog, after all, is God spelled backwards.
In 2005 the Travis County Courthouse was renamed in honor of Heman Sweatt (1912-1982), who, in 1950, became the first African-American admitted to the UT School of Law. Sweatt had been denied admission in 1946, so he filed suit in Travis County District Court, and eventually the case, Sweatt vs. Painter, made it to the US Supreme Court. Sweatt’s victory was a landmark in the American Civil Rights movement.
And she blasted the werewolf aside,
Kitchen Towel
Now that was true. He had ordered a three-course meal from Avanti Ristorante delivered to his office, complete with antipasto, crab-stuffed chicken over angel hair pasta, crusty bread and olive oil, and tiramisu for dessert, all served with the house champagne. Phoebe had gotten tipsy, and then a little bit whiny.
- little pieces of aqua card from the snippets folder
Firstly I want to make it clear this is not my own pattern but a free online pattern originally published by Coats and Clark HERE .Click link on this page for PDF.
I'll choose a winner using Random.org on September 3rd.
~Sophie
Entries require only (1) comment for all options just be sure to list all Entries that you participated in and the required link statuses to be valid. Also remember to include your email in your comment!!
The schedule/Activities-
The shop looks great, the power is off, and we've been finishing up work on the house. Painting completed - check; lawn cut short - check; trees trimmed - check; round up sprayed - check; bug spray complete - check; and on and on and on.
All my despairs come back.
REMARKS by visitors indicated that my fifth graders were exhibiting quite a bit of knowledge of word processing skills, program navigation, and their ability to export documents from programs and email them to me.
I am tired of the patriarchy shitting on my Matriarchal centered heritage and I'm even more distressed at how far we have come to fixing it all.
In the case of our tiny intersection along the West service road, there must be both an effort on the part of the city government to provide for the structures necessary to allow the jeeps to dock and fill themselves up, and on the part of concerned citizens to stand up for the rule of law. A golden opportunity was missed when a recent Robinson’s housing project was established in the area; an access road could have been made to cut into Edison or perhaps a small lot could have been set aside for a public transportation terminal.
Today marks the 100th birthday of one of the greatest songwriters from those Tin Pan Alley days: Johnny Mercer, born November 18, 1909 in Savannah, Georgia. Best known as a lyricist, he was also a popular singer in his day, and he co-founded Capitol Records.
From here I retraced my steps back to the campsite to retrieve my pack, and then headed back to Cane Gap in order to jump back on to the Cooper Road trail. This section of Cooper Road trail (from Cane Gap to the junction with Beard Cane & Hatcher Mtn trails) is 1.8 miles long and gains about 500 feet in elevation. The uphill is pretty steady with just a few flat areas to give your lungs a rest. It's rarely very steep, but it gave me a workout. It was here that I saw the only other trail users of my whole trip - 3 trail runners coming down the trail as I was heading up. The trail is pretty rocky (and fairly eroded and rutted in many places) and climbs up a dry, sandy ridge that offers some nice views to the west, looking back toward Chilhowee Mountain. At about 2000 feet in elevation the fall color was starting to take hold. The dogwoods and sourwoods were turning scarlet, the sassafras orange, and the hickories and maples bright yellow.
For more information on the Jet City Auxiliary, go to www.JetCityAux.com, follow “The Aux” on Twitter (@jetcityaux), find “Jet City Auxiliary” on Facebook, or listen for them at Starfire Sports Complex on a Sounders Women game day.
No previous John Smith’s Grand National winners
Let me live without this,just a moment too soon–his efforts are long gone.
In November 2003, the President of Botswana appeared on BBC with a journalist in an hour-long program in which questions were invited from a world wide audience in relation to the crisis the disease has caused in that country with one third of its population HIV positive.
As for the cake topper I made the same pink roses like I did for the Rosey Posey Cake.. Only I COMPLETELY forgot to curl the last few layers of petals back. By the time I realized it all the wired petals were already hardened! But I guess they still look alright!
There is no conclusive formula to implement when the search begins for a new international manager.
The broader view shows the same amount of energy but spread out over space and time… spread out over earth. From this view, I see a lot of shadow images of people, of places on earth… some just keeling over, others knocked down in a surprised stupor, and others finding their way to the golden energy dome.
The problem is even more acute when there are speculators driving down the price of an asset solely because they anticipate that they will force a large, levered investor to liquidate. In other words, the market price may only be low because investors believe liquidations are coming, and those liquidations are only forced by the investors' belief. It becomes an extremely destructive self-fulfilling prophecy.
Which I did, thank goodness.
Some people read Salt 'N' Pepa as a proto-feminist upsurge in the phallocentric world of hip hop. But to me, there was always too much competitiveness going down for Salt 'N' Pepa to fit comfortably into the scheme of sisterhood and mutual support against the phallocrats.
PS- did you get a new couch? I like it! (ok- I know, I really don't know you since I've only been reading your blog since "the" Ebay auction- but I just thought you had a beige couch- sorry if this sounds too stalker-like!)
Some of you may be aware of the story involving writer, Polly Courtney, which has appeared in the news this week. If you're not familiar with it, I'll summarise briefly. Last week saw the release of Courtney's novel, It'a a Man's World by the publisher, Harper Collins, who had signed her on a three book deal. However, by the time the launch party rolled around, Courtney had become disillusioned with the publisher, as she felt they were marketing her work as 'chick lit', something she maintains it definitely isn't. So in a move, which depending on your point of view could be called brave, fool-hardy, or even calculated, she announced she was ditching her publisher, and returning to self-publishing (the method she used to publish her first three books). If you want to read more on the background to the story, check out the newspaper article here.
David Corn covered Mitt Romney's speech to the Newspaper Association of America on Wednesday, and came away gobsmacked -- shocked not only by the Republican candidate's dishonesty, but by the larger context.
Aye, then shall the Dark Brothers
Another of these occurences is the destruction of a lighthouse on the coast of Maine, an episode straight from the Ray Bradbury short story that (according to the credits) "suggested" Lou Morheim and Fred Freiberger's screenplay. And this is as good a place as any to discuss the movie's origins.
So why is it so important to be right that one forgets to do right? By having faith I’m not robbing anyone of anything. I’m not using up some valuable resource there’s a limited amount of. Having faith doesn’t affect anyone’s lives really, except mine and the ones in my life that are treated better for it. Because having faith makes me feel better overall. Just knowing there is someone who loved me so much that He sent someone to die for my sins, so I could be saved, is the greatest comfort there is. I have experienced that love first hand throughout my entire sordid life. I am alive because of it. And I know that God gave me this, so please don’t belittle my faith.
Next week: Simon Baker of Mentalist on Sunday Morning.
It reminds me so much of LIFE.
White Crinkle Ribbon from My Craft Spot
From there we headed to the Ryokan Hotel and enjoyed an authentic Japanese hotel experience. It made for a great night of relaxation and fellowship between all of us.
The story of the tortoise and the hare is a study in irony: the speedy hare, haughty and self-confident, loses to the slow and steady tortoise…with a lesson that sober persistence is the key to success. The concept is so foreign to our present thought.
Georgia – 34.6 percent, 35.7 percent
Steroids (3 days of 2 pills), Steroid nasal spray and Codeine/Mucinex cough syrup. I had *HOPE*.
Life with Kerri wonders if Mrs. Richard was convinced.
Today was the first full day workers were in our house doing some maintenance. This will be a two-week affair as a sextet of men drill away at the concrete of our home and install heating and cooling units.
I found this photo amongst a pile of old photos in a box down in the storage room and I've been editing all the scratches from it as time permits. You can see that I haven't quite finished the job, however.
The saga of the kitchen goes on........ you know we had the wrong tiles delivered at the weekend? So the tiler couldn't do his bit.....which will now have to wait till after our holiday. Well today was the turn of the flooring man. We went to order what we wanted last week..... brought home all the samples books, and after much deliberation, decided on the blackest there was, as the work surfaces are black. Today, the carpet fitter came (it's not carpet, it's cushion-floor, but hey..), I shut the kitchen door and left him to it..... went back in to hand him the regulation cup of tea, and wouldn't you know it, the flooring was grey and NOT what I'd chosen. I rang the company who wanted me to check the sample against what had been supplied, so off carpet fitter trotted and returned - only for me to be proved right, that the sample was a totally different shade...... definitely BLACK and not GREY. Soooooo I have another fight on my hands. I was so close to tears. In fact, strike that, I WAS in tears. Could anything else go wrong? The kitchen fitter is now coming back after our meal tonight, to finish the plinths..... but they'll all have to come off again when the cushionfloor manufacturer admits he used the wrong bottle of dye.
Why did misidentification of Aristolochia plant happen? For one thing, in traditional Chinese medicine, Aristolochia plant species were thought to be interchangeable, and one species was commonly substituted for another. Also, herbs are traded using Chinese pin yin names, which can be confusing at times. For example, Fang Ji can be the name of Aristolochia fangchi (Aristolochia plant species that contain aristolochic acid) or other herbs, Stephania tetrandra or Coccculus spices. In fact, the herbal weight-loss agent distributed in Belgium between 1990 and 1992 contained Fang Ji, but instead of Stephania tetrandra plant, it contained Aristolochia fangchi.
* Madonna – plenty of nannying experience, but udders too dry?
Matt and Bernie are ready, eager and capable to step out from roles as understudies and continue the tradition of excellence established by Chef Josh. Thanks to both of them for their hard work, as well as to the extended kitchen staff.
As far as vego food goes, they have a decent selection. Apart from your basic eggs all ways, they have french toast, a rosti stack and bircher muesli. Both the soup and the pasta for the day were also vegetarian. There were no vegan options that I could tell, apart from the plain ol' toast.
Entomalian
Ah yes, back to Picard’s creation –– The Calgary Herald said “One of Montreal's famous brasserie (French for "small eating place") restaurants, Au Pied de Cochon, has also created a following with their own unique poutine recipe. Chef Martin Picard takes this "low food" to loftier heights, infusing pork stock, egg and foie gras.”
'No, I mean really important,' said the cop.
~The prize again this month is...
The following information is being submitted with our application under Parts III and IV:
Kwa had been ill for some time. A stroke in 2003 had left her frail, with weakened peripheral vision, but she remained bravely active, accompanying Lee on numerous official functions here and overseas.
simply put
Frank went to death row I think. That wa eighteen years ago, but he might still be there. I wonder if he relishes, still, what he did in those few hours of rape and murder, or if it seems like the actions of another man, a man who was driven by devils too esoteric too ever fully comprehend. That is, if he hasn’t already been executed for his crimes, or died a lonely death.
I decided to replace the plastic tubs in which I was storing my decor in,
The answer is surrender to a Creator who knows what is best for His Creation.
I really wonder how Wodehouse manages to use English language so beautifully. He can write about a simplest situation and describe it in such an involved way that it comes alive in front of your eyes. Actually, it is much more than that. Who can think of describing his friend as “Boko’s a frightfully good egg”? Another one of the great sentence “I paused for a moment to listen to the tootling birds. Then I raised the map, and allowed the beaming sun to play on it”. In another place, Wooster is telling Jeeves to go and have fish so that ideas can be generated to save him.
I think these are the most special presents of all.
So while statistics may favor Billy Bennett, I personally think Coutu is the best kicker Georgia’s had since Kevin Butler.
Is it just me or did the month of February fly by? We have been traveling a lot this month (this weekend marks our 3rd out of town trip in 3 weeks). I am ready to plant my feet back home and dig in!
2. The stage
Surely the lack of seating must impact on trade – it baffles me why pub owners sacrifice capacity in this way in the interest of appearing trendy. Maybe late at night they are packed with standing customers and too many seats would get in the way. But, for most of the day, customers are likely to be looking for somewhere to sit, particularly if they want to eat as well as drink, and in this particular establishment could easily conclude there was no room even if there were only about four groups already in the place. Wetherspoon’s are another major offender on this score – many of their pubs have vast areas of floorspace with a few freestanding tables dotted around, and often don’t seem busy even when all the tables are taken.
left ajar
to the doggy door that has remained closed.
I am not free of this. I, too, constantly consume. When I have free time at home (sometimes I have a lot because I choose to wake up and stay up when my finacée, who works days, wakes and I work night shifts often) I am constantly consuming some type of entertainment, be it video games or old TV shows on Netflix — we choose not to have cable or any type of TV. So, in a way, I am very much a part of the problem. I’m happy to say that I’m not nearly as much a part of the problem as most and I have my fiancée thank for that. She’s subjectively and objectively smarter than anyone I know and she keeps me in check most of the time. The reason I am writing this is because as I write that this generation is stupid, as I have above, I sound like the small group of miserly people that naysay everything and everyone who do not ever take a second to look at themselves. I am different though, self-deprecating is a way that everyone I know would describe me and I usually do not relish in telling other people, much less the egregiously large swathe I’m painting now, that they are stupid.
IBU: 38
Windows 8 has a new “Hybrid Boot” option, using “advanced hibernation functionality” on shutdown that minimizes the startup time. Other new features are ribbon interface for Explorer, Modern Reader, task manager called Modern Task manager, and native ISPO mounting, Internet Explorer 10 with advanced features etc. The IE 10 in Windows 8 takes advantage of the hardware acceleration for speedy browsing and enhanced performance.
It’s probably less likely nowadays, as there are fewer regulars who are in pubs most nights of the week, and despite our ageing population it also seems less common to see groups of pensioners gathered in pubs. But, as with many things, you imperceptibly find what you once dismissed as the habits of the elderly creeping up on you. It’s certainly the case that life tends to settle into more of a routine.
but eyes still close
“However…”
Scott: What stood out to me most was the ‘Retake Mass Effect’ group’s response to Bioware’s statement. In it they say “Retake Mass Effect is not over by any means; Dr. Myzuka’s statement was welcome, but did not directly address our concerns. You have been heard. Now it is time to make sure they get the details right.” That “make sure they get the details right” bit frightens me. It’s the difference between wanting the ending to be changed to be something consistent with the narrative, and wanting it to be changed to something specific. It changes their tone from concerned fans to a list of demands. With something that’s so hugely popular and subjective, no matter what action Bioware makes it will be impossible to please everybody. With statements like those, I wonder if the ‘Retake Mass Effect’ fans are prepared for that, or whether they will burn out their own cause.
Well that is all for me for today, got to get to making dinner and decorating the house for Easter with the fam!
Please let me reiterate; in my opinion, the French population in general, we're talking about all 66 million of them, are no more rude than residents of other countries of the world. Even when dealing with visitors who don't want or care to respect their unique traditions, customs and way of life.
He plays the part of Chief Warrant Officer Ray Miller who follows orders until those orders really start to become a problem and he goes off on a bit of a bender. His character is a lot like Jason Bourne from the Bourne series of movies, and of course the director is Paul Greengrass who directed the Bourne series.
At School, Jae Kang was seen being bullied by his classmates. He wasn’t fighting back knowing very well the consequence his position might entail. But then came Jae Ha, his little brother mightily saving his Hyung from being hurt further. Fighting ensues and it was a sweet brotherly scene knowing that the two would be protecting each other no matter the given circumstance. Jae Ha was defending his brother when a stabber came at his back side, piercing him with a pen. Good thing teachers finally came in to stop the fight.
I can’t remember the name of this one but it’s in the box at the end of my shop. I always think the plant is not doing well because the leaves are almost yellow, but whatever I am not doing to it seems to be working. It has a lot of flowers every year. (This box does get some water.)
He doesn't chew on them or anything (at least not that I've seen) but this is still a gross new hobby. Kind of cute, but still gross.
While I think Babycakes will still prefer his milk "straight from the tap," as my hubby says, the Lansinoh mOmma Bottle has become our go-to bottle when momma is away from home.
Ugh, stop dwelling in the past. I keep telling myself to stop looking back, to look forward. Someone better will come along, someone who will literally sweep me off my feet.
So, if only your brand name with a Twitter or Facebook logo appear on advertising, this process of getting people to follow you is complicated. Here's some examples I found in a magazine. I personally find the logos in print to be frustrating. I can't click the print advertising. I can't double tap a newspaper to go to a URL.
Inside your dark body
1) VRTSalloc
And, I am happy to report that It's A......
Oh (once in a while he tastes his wine)
So, for now at least, I'm going to keep driving and paying on my Practical Small 4-Cyl. SUV. BORING!! But someday, my friends. Someday the devil's gonna win this one.
with two women: the sea, and young Cecily,
Larry Ruttman produces the show “Voices of Brookline and Beyond,” aired on Brookline Access Television. His 2005 oral history book, “Voices of Brookline,” chronicles the testimony of 70 diverse and remarkable Brookline citizens and includes over 100 images. (Tonight’s readers Linda Barnes and Sarah Smith are included in the book.) Ruttman himself has lived in Brookline since the age of two, and is devoted to the town and its people. He published a column, “Brookline Then and Now,” for the Brookline Tab. Ruttman holds a B.A. in English from the University of Massachusetts and a J.D. from Boston College Law School. His new book, “America’s Jews and America’s Game: Jewish Voices of American Baseball,” is due out in the spring of 2013 by the University of Nebraska Press.
Inspired and mainly made from this Eating Well Recipe. The original recipe was for Shrimp and Pea Risotto. Being as my dad is allergic to shellfish, and we already had a main entree I just used the recipe as a guide for flavor. And yes I did sub in Edamame for regular peas, the peas my parents had in the freezer looked a bit dried up!
Afternoon snack was raw brownie made from one cup of pecans, half cup of dates, half cup of prunes and quarter cup of cocoa, a recipe blatantly stolen from the lovely Claire and blogged about previously :)
Tip 2: Be the one who is in control
I still think of myself as a Science Fiction fan, though I haven't actually read any for years, so perhaps I'm more of a fellow traveller these days. As I child I always liked fantasy, and I enjoyed the Victorian and Edwardian Science Fiction of HG Wells and Jules Verne, but I found the plastic and chromium futures I saw in Star Trek and Dr Who deeply unappealing. What finally changed my mind was Star Wars, which came out when I was twelve. The opening scenes on the desert planet, with its mud-brick spaceport and rusty hover-cars, were tremendously exciting because I suddenly saw how you could mix up elements of the past and future to make worlds of your own. So that's really where Mortal Engines comes from, it just took another twenty years to emerge!
After three more examinations, he received a grade
Paul Theroux meanwhile centers his efforts at highlighting the multifarious ways in which US imperialist interests and the domestic elites dominate the Latin Americas:
This week I am having a break from the reduction process, mainly because I want to enjoy the upcoming ‘Wed-Fest’ over this bank holiday weekend in Scotland. So, as far as the reduction goes, I am currently at 50% with the Amitriptyline and at 33% with my Gabapentin reductions. With no increase of pain and massive sense of my head space being cleared and having freedom from fogginess! All I can say is how much I now value clarity of mind – I can’t really believe how I had been living and operating without the clarity I have now, and I still have a long way to go with my reductions. I haven’t even thought about reducing the Tramadol yet so whatever effect hat is having on my body I will surley notice when that reduction process is underway.
Lowes and Home Depot frequently have large selections of clearance plants
I love my baby, but I'm pretty much convinced at this point that she's trying to break down my sanity.
The incident allegedly happened just 2 days after Jamie was photographed enjoying a family day out at Disneyland Paris with Kym, 35. Jamie is said to have made little mention of the Coronation Street actress, who he’s set to marry later this year.
The number of private security armed response businesses shot up by 264% while total active registered security businesses grew by 61% over a five-year period. This information appears in the latest South Africa Survey, to be published by the South African Institute of Race Relations next week.
Home Mortgages
CLASH OF THE TITANS is not a good movie. That’s okay. It is also not a fun movie, and that is not okay.
'Cops stood by' during Plett riots
Author’s Bio
Welcome to Scraps of Elegance.. glamours soft romantic just a few words to describe this sister kit club to Scraps of Darkness.
The ones I have not seen are 2 Avia S-92 in the Czech Republic, an Me-262B night fighter in South Africa and an Me-262A owned by Paul Allen here in Washington state. Hopefully I will see this latter one in the not too distant future?
How do we find community?
Impossible things are happening every day!”
Nick went on to play his first two years of high school, playing freshman and junior varsity ball for Paramus High. He was struggling to keep the nagging thought of quitting out of his head and after so many years of identifying his life with one word: Baseball, it was suddenly no more.
Thanks, Cristin! On another note, don't forget there are only a few more days to enter my giveaway from SimaG Jewelry. Go here to post a comment for a chance to win a beautiful engraved necklace.
Further, the tea party are not exactly gay friendly, neither. They are quite 'traditional' when it comes to sexuality. Our LGBT division would goes down like ton of bricks.
The study, reported in PLoS One, suggested a faulty immune system could be to blame for the illness, as researchers found symptoms in some patients subsided after taking a cancer drug which inhibits the body's defence.
The problem with trying to discipline Spooky was two-fold. First, he really didn’t care, and second his fur was so thick and plush that the usual water gun technique had absolutely no effect. He would look at me with this quizzical expression and then go destroy something else.
“It now appears that they really are an item. I was shocked when I saw pictures of them together in the paper this week. And Alexandra has apparently said she is in love. I am very upset.”
Good Morning!
cinn-
So, from her example, it costs about $3.00 to print each book that sells for $14.99 at your neighborhood Barnes & Noble. The publisher has to pay the author, editor, designer, artist, marketing department, etc. out of the remaining $4.50. Per book. If they sell 50,000 copies, fabulous! If they only sell 1,000? Well, if they’re a huge publishing house like Penguin or Random House, they pay everyone anyway and take the profit loss on the assumption that other books will make up the slack.
2 to 2 1/2 cups flour
From the very beginning, Samson's life is marked and mythical. He will be given great power but with heroic restrictions and limitations. Even before his birth, his mother must adhere to the limits. Therefore be careful and drink no wine or strong drink, and eat nothing unclean, for behold, you shall conceive and bear a son. No razor shall come upon his head, for the child shall be a Nazirite to God from the womb, and he shall begin to save Israel from the hand of the Philistines (vv 4-5).
and lurking dreads, In their eyes I swear,
With the rapid advancement of technology, modern society has inadvertantly created likely causes of the end of mankind. Nuclear energy and weapons are a prime example. There is also a possibility that genetic researchers might accidentally release a modified organism that in one way or another spells our demise.
Striped skirt, no name - Salvation Army for 99 cents!
x xx x xx x xx x
On the weight loss front, week one was basically a great one I lost 3.5 pounds.
Because of the gift of your free will, which I will never take away from you, the choice is yours.
You fly and waste a day and I’ll drive and waste a week
Overnight the Asian markets were mostly higher +0.7%. Europe, however, opened higher and closed mostly lower -0.8%. US index futures were relatively quiet overnight. At 8:30 Personal income was reported higher: +0.4% vs +0.2% , Personal spending lower +0.3% vs +0.8%, and PCE prices were higher +0.2% vs +0.1%. The market opened one point lower than friday’s SPX 1403 close, and started to pullback. At 9:45 the Chicago PMI was reported lower: 56.2 vs 62.2. The pullback continued until 10:00 when the SPX hit 1395. After a rally attempt failed at SPX 1399 around 10:30 the market went into a narrow trading range. At 2:30 the market slipped lower to SPX 1394, then bounced to close at 1398.
68) I miss my Grandma, too. She died 11 years ago, and I still haven't gotten over it. I was there with her when she died. I still get teary-eyed when I think about her.
Just up the road, not more than a few steps away, a large white building stands near the beach. This is the Seabeck Landing General Store. A hint of color fills the planter boxes hanging below its oversized windows. The red door with its “OPEN” sign welcomes patrons inside. I didn’t go in this time, but I know that there is also a small café inside to feed the hungry. It is hard to imagine that this store was once part of a community with a lumber mill that was so busy that the mill built its own shipyard to handle its shipping needs.
Bucharest, Romania. One of the international jazz scene’s largest gatherings, Europafest brings over 300 musicians from around the world to celebrate jazz, as well as blues, pop and classical music. Romania’s cultural capital welcomes 30 bands from 25 countries for jam sessions, workshops and competitions. (May 4 – 19)
Yes. A friend gave birth this summer, and I have enjoyed several visits with her beautiful baby girl (and her fun, Shark-loving big brother... and their mama, of course!).
my canvas sits on my kitchen dresser where I
Islam also teaches that men and women are equal in the sight of Allah. They are individually accountable for their actions, and will be judged equally by Allah.
Xu X, Ding M, Li B, Christiani DC. Association of rotating shiftwork with preterm birth and low birth weight among never smoking women textile workers in China. Occup Environ Med 1994; 51: 470-474.
What does Martha already believe about the resurrection of the dead and about Jesus even before Lazarus is brought back to life?
As for what’s been going on in life:
My wife calls the 86 a “colourful” tram and, insofar as this is a euphemism for any or all of “a little bit weird”, “often wet of floor”, “generally carrying at least one commuter who surreptitiously masturbates in transit”, etc, etc, she is right. We know what to expect when we hop on the 86 and, compared to taking a Metro train, the 86 is usually a pleasure – the occasional progress from one stop to the next alone is a hugely appealing differentiator.
13. Leave work stress at home.
here is my undeniable start to your completeness
The Vimeo site notes that “This video is a collaboration between Sheldon Neill and Colin Delehanty. All timelapses were shot on the Canon 5D Mark II with a variety of Canon L and Zeiss CP.2 Lenses.”
You got them ‘moving beyond Jesus’
For this card I used the Elegant Trio stencil and pressed the Versamark ink pad into the stencil image, added my silver embossing powder and then heated it to set the embossing powder.
"You all know we are Africans, play with an African feeling, Okey?"
This next one is my Totally Papercrafts card and this week our theme is..
4. Comment weekly. Each team member will be assigned a digit and they are responsible for commenting on entries WEEKLY.
Place the baking dish on a wire rack and allow to cool completely before cutting into bars.
Within Fraggle Rock lives a second species of small humanoid creatures, the pudgy, green, ant-like Doozers. Standing only 6 inches tall (knee-high to a Fraggle), Doozers in a sense represent anti-Fraggles; their lives are dedicated to work and industry. Doozers spend much of their time busily constructing all manner of scaffolding throughout Fraggle Rock using miniature construction equipment and wearing hard-hats and work boots. No one but the Doozers themselves seem to understand the actual purpose of their intricate and beautiful constructions.
And when I transferred the berry mixture onto the baking dish and sprinkled the crumb mixture onto it, the picture started developing much better. But not there yet.
Minister of Tourism and Hospitality Industry Walter Mzembi told journalist at a Press conference on Friday that 10 ministers of tourism are expected from different African countries and more than 300 foreign investors are expected for the summit.
Matt Stawicki
No. Not at first. A few times later, I started to. But, it wasn't the same as before.
Among the cases Dr. George Denkowski apparently tainted was that of Michael Richard, who was executed for capital murder in September 2007. This case was heretofore better known because Judge Sharon Keller at the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals denied receipt of Richard's final habeas claim with her infamous "We close at 5" comment. That led to the Commission on Judicial Conduct to initiate fact-finding proceedings that may yet lead to her removal.
The light will return and the darkness flee, and the world will once more be free.
Did you like our little jaunt around Chicago? It was nice of you to give the homeless guy some cash, you are so giving.
That’s actually something I can rant a little about too. Judging people… Why? Why do we all think its necessary to judge every person we see in life? And furthermore, why do some totally judge a person entirely wrong, and stick with that judgment, just because it’s YOUR judgment… There are actually good people on this planet. But from when we were children, we get this thought put into our minds, saying everyone on planet earth is evil. Now, I would never let my kids talk to strangers. So I’m guilty to this too. But really, we don’t want our kids kidnapped or molested, so in that case its okay, and they shouldn’t talk to strangers. But that’s not what matters In this post.
4.THE BOOMTOWN RATS - Like Clockwork
There is something a little crazy about my fidelity when I knew, by the conclusion of that first semester, that our relationship was doomed to end and probably badly. When all I was hoping for one day was the chance to sing out the last lines of Stars’ “Your Ex-Lover Is Dead” with complete sincerity:
Once the pieces were rough cut into large rectangular patches, the sewing fun could begin! Gail’s method of paper-piecing is to cut each piece out 1″ bigger on all sides. I don’t mind the waste if I can trade it for extreme accuracy. The REALLY nifty part is below.
Because it turns out that Muniz has more in mind than a simple conversion project. He chooses as his subject matter not just the garbage in the world's largest dump, but the pickers of this dump as well. He hangs out with the people who work in one of the world's most foul places, and he gets to know them, and the world they have built for themselves. Waste Land begins to build its not insignificant emotional power throughout this portion of the film, as the wonderful humanity of catadores like Tiao and Suelem takes centre stage. Then and only then does he enlist their aid in the construction of his art projects, crafting artistic statements that reveal not only the character of the individual in question, but also placing each of those individuals in an artistic lineage that connects them to figures and forces of socio-political and historical significance.
every obscure
One of the biggest gifts God has ever given me (aside from salvation and my husband) is the gift of Taliah. She is the joy and grace of God embodied in our household! 2 years ago on July 29, 2008 we brought her home to be a part of our forever family, and I am and will be forever grateful!
"All My Children" in the daytime, "Dallas" at night
Another sponsor, a group called School Choice Week, was launched last year as a public relations gimmick to take advantage of the opportunity for rapid education reforms. Although it is billed as a network of students and parents, School Choice Week is one of the many corporate-funded tactics to press virtual school reforms. The first School Choice Week campaign push earlier this year featured highly produced press packets, sample letters to the editor, a sign in Times Square and rallies for virtual and charter schools organized with help from the Koch brothers’ Americans for Prosperity. The blitz got positive press coverage, providing “grassroots” cover for newly elected politicians who made school privatization their first priority.
So things are going much better. Crazily enough, thanks to the laundry. Who would have guessed? And to whichever angel up there took the time to whisper some tips in my ear, thanks. Keep me going, k?
2 earliest
Then, just using some clear packing tape, I taped the sheet metal to the back of the frame matte. Here is a not so glamorous shot of what the back looked like. I just used the prongs on the frame to hold the matte in place.
Peace & Abundance, Cid
Downside
With a kit-cat cheerie-bye on this Summer's day,
Part Three of Disc One, “Swamp Apes,” is more speculative and theoretical than Parts One and Two, which focus more on interviews and evidence.
Possibly my favorite dish of the evening was the pork belly sliders. The buns were slathered with a heavy hand of butter so the charred butter was a bit overwhelming. But it otherwise went really nicely with the sweetish pork inside.
Mmm, so delicious. Of course they weren't as good as the professional store bought chocolates, but they tasted really good and helped me to use some of the Nutella I got for Christmas.
Then Cigarette Burns is the column for you! Danny launched this column a few months back and summed up the column's core concept in one simple statement: Smart talk about films you may have seen.
I got sent a copy of Cox, Cookies and Cake by the lovely folk at Baking Mad, which is a website and community with lots of info on baking, recipes etc. It is set up by the company that manufactures various products, including Allinson’s flour and bread, Silver Spoon products, Tate & Lyle products and Billington’s sugars, and it is represented by celebrity chef Eric Lanlard whose TV series ‘Baking Mad with Eric Lanlard’ – catchy title! – was on Channel 4 during March.
Johnson, M. 1987. The Body in the Mind: The Bodily Basis of Meaning, Imagination, and Reason. Chicago: Chicago University Press.
While they may make good eatin’ for people, it’s the eating the giant shrimp do themselves that worries scientists.
A pancake post seemed rather appropriate with Mardi Gras (a.k.a. Fat Tuesday or Pancake Tuesday) just around the corner. While some consider Mardi Gras acause for celebration, all it ever meant for me growing up was that pancakes were served in school that morning and that I was expected to tell the teacher what I was giving up for Lent (I attended Catholic school). Occasionally, though not annually, I would get a second serving of pancakes at home for dinner that night. As I have always loved pancakes, more pancakes were always welcome.
and by this evening, i have something that i'm smitten with.
On a monday, I went to Sentosa. No Monday blues today, plenty to smile about. No crowd at the Beach.
- Ground Up Designers unveiled the website for Art Not Arrests earlier this week, and at the meeting, they showed off some actual latticework made from the colorful cuffs. Thanks are due to all who helped fund this great project on Kickstarter.
Today we are releasing an update to the SDK Tools and the Eclipse plugin. Revision 17 brings a lot of new features and bug fixes in various areas such as Lint, the build system as well as the emulator.
On May 1st I will be running in the Oklahoma City Memorial Marathon.....running the FULL MARATHON!!!!!
In certain ancient cultures the Tribal Chiefs were powerless to stop this. They were also totally outnumbered is some communities. This was the beginning of a crude form of democracy where the majority decided who shall govern them. The end result spelt disaster!
2. Genre, performed by EXO is a K-pop, Mandopop, Pop, Dance-pop
As is the case for automobiles, the potential EMP vulnerability of trucks derives from the trend toward increasing use of electronics. The Commission assessed the EMP vulnerability of trucks using an approach identical to that used for automobiles. Eighteen running and non-running trucks were exposed to simulated EMP in a laboratory. The intensity of the EMP fields was increased until either anomalous response was observed or simulator limits were reached. The trucks ranged from gasoline-powered pickup trucks to large diesel- powered tractors. Truck vintages ranged from 1991 to 2003.
"Since we are now a religion rather than a political movement, we demand the following rights and privileges appropriate to our new identity:
I cried myself to sleep. I woke up crying. And it was pouring rain and I had to go into work early for a 12-hour day with new stuff I don’t know that well.
Gary Glass
~Aveeno moisturizer
As he spends time with Sky and learns about her village, her totems, and her friends with drums – she’s way more than distraction. Jameson’s falling for her fast.
. . . twisting my hair - again, this is just wrong, but it gives me huge pleasure and helps me think. It does!
Who hasn’t heard this story at some point. Even if you haven’t heard it in its entirety, the jokes about “Let there be light” never cease. Unfortunately, even this first chapter leaves me with many questions.
Most of the web metrics we see have the appearance of science because they are numbers. But they are not science at all, because we don't yet know what they signify. They are numbers without context or meaning.
I think back to recall my tough experiences of work during the recent years. I worked in Jordan in the year 2007 with a renowned Jordanian women organization as a coordinator of Iraqi Refugees in Jordan. This organization presents itself as progressive leftist. They participated in many protests against the invasion of Iraq. Of course, this gives strong indication that they are patriots who have principles. Therefore, I agreed to work with them even though my directions are more moderate religious and independent. I never was associated with party or extremism. They were secular. I told myself, I don’t care about their religion. All I care about is their disclosed principles that root for women rights and invaded nations such as Iraq and Palestine. But after one month of working there, I discovered the secrets of management within the organization. I observed the ciaos, indifference and bad management. I observed lying and cheating in documenting projects for fund providers. The manager justified it as natural right to obtain the fund to pay for organization utility bills (water, electricity) and salaries of our permanent employees…
Then there’s Newt’s endorsement who, when asked if Romney was conservative enough, could only say “compared to Obama?”
1 tsp. fresh nutmeg grated
There is a very good saying and it goes like this: be careful what you wish for, you may receive it. And so it is with the Arab Spring! Egypt - and more specifically, the women - have found this out to their horror. Gone is the almost sane Hosni Mubarak, and in his place has come the Muslim Brotherhood with all their Islamist bells and whistles. The only problem is that their bells and whistles are firmly entrenched in 7th century ideology where women were regarded as little more than the playthings of men - there to do their bidding and fulfill all their dreams. And so it is today. Can anyone believe that women under Muslim rule are still trying to drag these so-called men into the modern world? Who would think that these same women have to try and stop their new liberating(!) Islamist parliament from passing laws that want to lower the minimum marriage age to 14......AND where they want to allow a husband to have sex with his dead wife within six hours of her death? Who are these people and what bloody backward planet are they from? Can anything be more disgusting than having sex with a corpse and then using a law to make it legal? Well, good luck Egyptian women and may the Arab Spring be all you wished it to be. May your new leaders continue to civilise you as I'm sure this isn't the end of all those wacky female-uplifting surprises they have in stock for you!
So then there was the some light entertainment for us passengers. At one stage there were 5 people taking notes. Both drivers, the London Buses man in this photo, a Metroline representative and one from National Express. A Transdev man was there as well checking that his vehicle (the bus I’m sitting in) wasn’t involved.
“Present-day Helena stands forlorn and forgotten some seven miles northeast of Karnes City on State Highway 80. For forty years, however, the town had a reputation for shooting, fighting, stealing, and drinking far out of proportion to its peak population of 600. It was the wildest Texas town during a particularly turbulent period”. (Texas Historical Society)
My theory is that many educators would rather teach their own curriculum or let students design their own curriculum than deliver content designed, sequenced and scaffolded by others. I can understand this sentiment and relate. Having autonomy is a wonderful feeling for teachers and students alike. Just because it feels great and makes you look forward to learning doesn't mean it is the best way to educate an individual, however.
Oh My Old San Juan (thurs)
Before we move onto this weeks theme Of Anything goes.."Any Celebration" Please see our FUN game very bottom of this post to win a prize or ..two, and now onto last weeks F-U-N winner ...The Maker of our FUN CARD was The lovely and creative Nat HERE Pop over say Hi... Thank you so much, Nat Hunnie we all love you here at OSAAT!
Product size: 25inch(W) x 19.7inch(H) x 24inch(D) and is Machine Washable. Ages 6 to 24 months.
Ask companies like American Express, Walmart and McDonald’s. Diners Card was the one which came up with credit cards but threw away the first-mover advantage to American Express. McDonald’s copied White Castle and Walmart followed Korvette. We don’t remember the innovators because they didn’t turn their ideas into successes. The imitators did. How?
These Easter cards were made from an earlier water colour painting of mine and have now been received. It gave me such a thrill to put my artwork onto cards.
And yet....a part of me is ,well.....horrified! Holy Hell! how did this happen? I want to be 30 or 40 please,not this! I am a little afraid.Inside I do not feel this age ( I can barely say it) but worse than my complete denial,is the fact that I am not sure how to behave any more,I read in all the magazines about what is and what is not appropriate for women of 'a certain age' from hair length,to skirt length,I fail miserably on both counts am afraid,Long hair and short skirts.Not good apparently.I should be covering my arms now ??? err why? I should be taking moderate exercise and limiting my alcohol intake,instead I am hitting the gym with a vengeance in order to look buff in a bikini and it is not totally unheard of after a particularly good night out,to sport a hangover for a good two days.I am not proud of this fact by the way.
Dance with me in life
But what people don’t tell you is that most of these strangers that are often deemed ‘dangerous’ are actually just nice people offering kind gestures. And it is sad that in a society such as our own, people who do offer lifts to young girls walking home alone or who strike up random conversation at the bust stop at night are automatically assumed to be ‘bad’ people.
In the meantime, here is my chemo cocktail mix, with YouTube links to most of the songs. The “Cancer is a Bitch” Song and “Wind in My Hair” are by The Kicked-in Fence aka my Redheads, and are not up on YouTube—yet. But we are filming/recording this weekend at the book launch events at Book Bums and Art Design Consultants Fine Art Gallery, so they should be uploaded soon. And I will link to them here ASAP. (By the way, if you are reading this, then consider yourself invited to either of the book launch parties. RSVP’s would be groovy, so Mike can have enough Grog on tap at Book Bums and because there will be cocktails and light apps at the gallery in the sky.)
February 25, 2006 Clip No. 1052
“Cheryl?”
"It's just what you're stuck with?" What on earth does that mean? He's stuck with me? I don't understand this at all, but I'm not liking the sound of it much. Does Alex mean that I am what he is stuck with? Is that a loving or kind thing to say to your simple Mexican wife?
She’s known to be Cheryl Cole but it seems that the Girls Aloud beauty is set to drop her last name which she adapted to after marrying her ex – husband Ashley Cole in 2006.
over the next hour, I dilated from 4 cm to 10 cm. The pain spiked so quickly that I went into a full panic. I couldn't move during the contractions, and all of my coping techniques up to that point simply didn't cut the mustard. I was screaming and punching the bed through each one. If I could have moved, I'd have run away. My spouse was terrified that I was going to hurt myself and kept trying to comfort me in any way zie could. There honestly wasn't much comfort to be had. the pain had me in complete instinct mode. Anything vaguely resembling self-consciousness was gone. My birth coach was livid that I was left to scream that way, and was getting ready to find someone to come and care for me when the nurse and the midwife came in.
Take a nature walk when you have the time, or rather make time!
Both o' those at once? Really?
Toward the end of our meal, Clay slipped off the booster seat and slid under the table. He popped back up with a stray crayon and a look on his face like he'd just found buried treasure.
And while I would never seek to make a moral judgement on the way people choose to live their lives and the manner in which they choose to conduct their marriages (each to their own, I say), it's nontheless curious to see what some might consider one of the worst French stereotypes (all French men cheat on their wives) being reinforced and celebrated with such nudge-nudge, wink-wink gusto.
I skipped last week's P52 assignment. I couldn't find time to photograph anything that went with what I thought of for hunger. And I certainly wasn't thinking in terms of The Hunger Games- sorry that's one bandwagon I'm not on.
I just received a package in the mail from a bereavement counselor I spoke to a couple of weeks ago. There are several brochures on grieving the loss of an infant, memorial ideas, and how to help other children through the loss of their sibling. I’m sitting here in my car in the parking lot of Greta’s dance class skimming through these brochures and had to put them away. That anyone should lose an infant, let alone myself, is just unbearably sad.
She glanced back at him. “It is isn’t it, as close as I live to this clearing I’ve only walked all the way out to it a handful of times. I mean, there’s nothing really out here and it’s a full day trip there and back. I’ve slept in that clearing before, once, and I’ll never do it again.”
He stared at me.
1. Favourite room.
She closes her eyes as he touches her thighs
On a related note, have you ever noticed that some industries are represented very well on Twitter, while others don’t participate in online conversation as much? For example, people that work in social media or public relations are bound to be on Twitter more because their jobs depend on it to an extent.
These are the two verses that resonate with me:
The idea behind the Sunspot Gambit is that global temperature trends are dependent on solar activity. Well, it’s true, they are, a bit. But the idea that large-scale trends are caused by “solar forcing” is wrong. The good thing about being a Spottist is you can be right for 11 years at a time. That’s the length of the sunspot cycle, so you can construct a theory based on one cycle and be sure that it will not be knocked down by the next for 11 years.
These fragments I have shored against my ruins” (lines 427 – 431)
I must also mention that If you are struggling with discerning the Lord’s Will in your life, obedience to the Father is of the essence. If you yoke yourself to the Lord He will bring you though the times when you are being tested because of the fleshly baggage we all have to contend with.
There’s something you gotta love about Thursday night programming. It doesn’t matter what country you’re in. When NBC coined the phrase “Must-See TV” it was back in the 80′s but I really think the heyday for this phrase was in the 90′s for Mad About You, Seinfeld and Friends. Well, at least in my memory anyways.
And thanks again for everyone’s assistance, participation, spurs to thought, and generally enthusiastic attitude.
No small wings, or gentle sweet song is left,
Ya'll Have a Blessed Day!
I have far too many bad photos to ever scrap but some of my terrible but important photos are from a Disney World trip that we took in 2002. This was the first time my husband and sons had been and we went with my Dad. It was Daddy's last trip so I am scrapping ALL the photos he was in - even the bad ones. Daddy hated his photo taken so many have him looking away. Why am I telling you all of this? I am going to try to scrap at least one terrible photo every week or two. Its a new goal. I think everyone should give it a go. What do you think?
Promising was an understatement. It was delicious! And just as satisfying was the fact that I prepped and cooked it in a very reasonable amount of time. About 30 minutes, I think? I don’t know – I chatted with my roommate a bit and still turned this dinner out quickly.
beer. Russell’s, our local grocery store prepared for us a large
So here is my cover..
Carrots are rich in vitamins A, C, K too and rich in potassium. The most beneficial contribution from carrots is providing fiber and beta carotene. Health wise, carrots reduce cholesterol with the power of the soluble fiber calcium pectate. We all know carrots are good for vision and we are just learning the prospects of its ability in fighting cancer, nourishing the skin and improving the chances of not having a stroke. Carrots help with dental hygiene and anti-aging.
It's 26 inches X 26 inches, and it's $110 + shipping.
In movies, literature and popular culture, eugenics is an easily identifiable symbol of an evil and discredited ideology, and in so far as history is concerned, any hint of a flirtation with that ideology, whether true or not, is guaranteed to destroy the reputation of any historical figure.
EUR: 24.98 mg, a new all-time low
Before we headed to the airport (with a taxi driver that we are pretty sure was drunk no less) we got our last stores of Thai fruit. So much better than ours somehow.
Was Jesus a real person? What of the bible can be backed up by historical fact and what appears to be fiction? The arguments I read are very detailed and very convincing. I could right a book about the books I just read! Perhaps I will do that later, but for now I would like to theorize about Jesus. Taking into consideration the recent book The Jesus Tomb and the novelization of Mary Magdalene by Ki Longfellow—here is my proposition.
He died way too young, a victim of stomach cancer. To remember him, go out this summer and enjoy a game of croquet. And teach some little one’s. Pass it on.
Edited to add the following:
My birthday is Memorial Day this year, usually we do something or go somewhere, but I am not sure that will happen this year because of school. We shall see I guess. Sometimes I get that spur of the moment burst of energy and a bit of extra cash and have been known to adventure off somewhere.
Things around me are not clear,
DOROTHY AND THE LADIES
It's my day off (one of two each month), could be 90+ degrees today, so I am looking for ways to use my time wisely indoors. (That ought to prove my second grade teacher wrong !!!)
The more volatile Hulbert Nasdaq Newsletter Sentiment Index (HNNSI) did fall into negative territory. But even so, compared to itself, it failed to reach an extremely pessimistic level (at only -20.3%). Historically we have seen -60 to -65% as extreme.
Well--after the remission was announced and my blood counts were normalized I figured I could hug and shake hands with my friends. Now we all know that handwashing is the single most important means of preventing infection. So that was a big mistake on my part. I may be getting better--but my lungs are not yet healed. Within 2 weeks of shaking hands and hugging I caught a really bad cold--had it over Easter weekend. By April 29 I was in the hospital with a really bad case of pnuemonia. Was there till May 3. Came home on oxygen, inhalers, antiobiotics, prednisone--only 4 more days of the steroids--woohoo. I do not like that drug--but won't complain as I am breathing pretty well.
salt: 1 tsp
Sensuality often makes the growth of love too fast, so that the root remains weak and easy to rip out.
Traditions are tough to change, but if more energy is directed towards this change the demand for shark fin soup can decrease in the long run.
In any case, on this Wednesday, I pledge to get.it.together ahead of my race Saturday.
We may be clever, or resourceful, or entertaining. But creative? Sorry, I don't buy it.
There's a certain pattern in the battles, I've noticed. Generally, one of the competitors is an old-stager, someone who's been round the traps, learnt the techniques, done the training. The other is a raw newbie. Someone who's been keen, but never followed through. In most instances, the rawness wins. Not the polish, the training, the technique, the traps. The raw.
We go through the motions.
According to google scholar article #1 was citated 61 times), article #2 117 times which corresponds well with the higher impact factor of Journal of Pathology (7.27) (Transplantation International currently holds an impact factor of 3.21). Since the Journal of Pathology article was published later, it appears to be the redundant publication and should therefore be retracted without delay. One of the problems with redundant publication is that findings published several times may acquire undeserved attention and importance. For example, this paper cites both duplicate artcles #1 an #2 as independent evidence.
Jared: She won't talk about Dad.
City of wharves and stores—city of tall façades of marble and iron!
There is simply no excuse for the actions both Alexander Radulov and Andrei Kostitsyn committed on Saturday night. Some would just brush it off as two young, 20-somethings looking for a good time after taking their first loss, but rules are rules and both David Poile and Barry Trotz were not afraid to put their foot down, risky playoff move or not.
The hormonal IUD sold by Mirena prevents pregnancy for up to five years while it’s copper counterpart, ParaGuard can provide protection for up to ten.
~ When I make them for myself, I violate almost every rule regarding the proper construction of a Martini.
As for this past weekend, well, I went to Hamburg, Germany with my Holocaust & Genocide class and HOPEFULLY will be able to post something quick about that for you. However this week is SUPER BUSY because it’s the last week before my TWO WEEK TRAVEL BREAK. In other words, there’s a lot to get done. Like that scholarship essay. Yikes.
The Na'vi are Other. They're humanoid, but they have a distinct (and very awesome) culture and a distinct language, and they process and think about the world in ways that are recognisably non-human.* However, they have emotions and reactions that we would expect from humans, and they are eminently sympathetic. So far, so good. No uncanny valley, no humans in alien skins.
Diamond Push-Ups 24 knees 14 full 9 knees
I was again asked my opinion in the Montgomery-Boyland race, asked to rate the job Montgomery has been doing, then asked how much I felt I know about Montgomery and the issues facing the district.
Neighbours: This male doesn’t have permanent neighbours yet, but shares his home range with Argyle Jnr female, Argyle male, Shongile female, 2:1 male and Kuhanya female.
This raises the issue of what we should do in circumstances where obeying the governing authority involves disobeying some other command of God. It seems in Scripture that there is a place for godly civil disobedience. Let us consider some examples.
“The light. It’s time to go,” Chris said.
PLUSES - Very good photography, perhaps the best ever for a Topps set. The "baseball logo at the end of the rainbow" is a great design element. I really enjoyed the little text about the card number history on the back, although it is awkwardly arranged.
What makes the novel keep going nay, surging ahead amidst stormy waves and emotion is the distinct style of writing adopted by the author Ismita. With each chapter being a narrative of a different character, the reader not only gets to understand what a character is thinking, he/she is also aided in pursuing the mystery of Love on the Rocks from different interesting angles.
So…… I guess my big beef with NAHA was the vibe. The food was, well, fine. My skate was pretty good, and the dessert was really different (grapefruit, tapioca, lime flavors were involved). But, I was so turned off by the place by the time the salad rolled around that I wasn’t interested in even continuing my meal. And by $80, I should care what I’m eating. I guess in this instance, you really are what you eat?
Eau Florale Bleuet is an ancient, delightful melange of fantasy and function. It is concocted from cornflowers and distilled water; comes in another one of those beautiful blue bottles and as promised reduces and relaxes puffy eyes. Most versions come with a spray top, but it works best in compresses imbibed with the liquid and placed over the eyes for a few minutes. It's particularly pleasant and effective when stored in the refrigerator.
Should Bible Study and Vegas be in the same sentence??? J/K. My sister-in-law Kay had to do an audit for work and was sweet enough to invite Amy and me along for four nights of sister-in-law togetherness. I certainly had a great time with Amy and Kay but I think it's safe to say I'm not a Vegas kind of girl.
We arrive, Gem, Ariana and I, about ten minutes late. Tante Adrie is standing on her tiny flower laden balcony eagerly watching for us. She is tall, big boned, smiling, her brown eyes sparkle with humour. Each of us in turn is engulfed in an enormous hug accompanied by the usual Dutch greeting of a kiss on each cheek. Her words flow in a kindly torrent. Gem picks out about one in four, but is able to make out the gist of what she says, and interprets for me. "We are to leave our shoes outside. We are to sit down. Gem looks so much like his late father, it makes her cry. How old is our beautiful granddaughter? Don't mind the dog."
KG was herself to a t. Always a good thing. They really got to see her as she is for the most part. She fell asleep on the way home.
Last fall I decided to change up the decor in our bedroom. I found a beautiful quilt at Target & wanted a grey & white striped duvet to go with it. I searched the internet & stores but could not find what I was picturing in my head. My mother in law got me a sewing machine after Thanksgiving & I figured how hard could a duvet be to make - it's just a big rectangle.
All of his costs are picked up by others who go out and earn a living every day.
So how is all that represented in my card today? Well, I created a card of encouragement for someone who is having a hard time. As the focal piece I included a Scripture verse -- Psalm 139:14 -- that I feel goes right to the heart of the issue for this person. And, true to my style as a person and crafter, I included "sunny" colors, some flowery papers and paper flowers to represent the beauty and hope that God brings to every day, plus a cute little bunny image just for smiles.
Boehner accused Obama of “moving the goal posts” by demanding $400 billion in tax increases on top of about $800 billion in revenues that would have been reaped through a comprehensive rewrite of the tax code.
I might be a few months behind, but I am finally reading The Hunger Games. I picked up the first book in the airport before I flew to California and stayed up until 2am one night finishing it. I grabbed the second one on Sunday before I flew back and finished it late last night while I was waiting up for E to get home. They are really addicting!
When I am dead, my dearest,
I think not. And I refuse to hand out arbitrary injustice to my children for the sake of teaching a lesson about life. Life can take care of its own lessons.
Why can't I clean house like her?
I was SUPER excited to be back at Body Pump today after a two week hiatus!
Kyan has been told for the last few weeks that he has to be 8 to get a hamster. All of the books and stores recommend at least that age before becoming an owner, so I was trying to buy time. However, I am admitting that I am a sucker and when I started to ask Kyan about other things he wanted for presents, he asked if he could celebrate his birthday in the summer, because maybe he would be closer to 8 and could get the hamster then? He also brought up the fact that he plays T for Teen games and he doesn't get in trouble, even though that is breaking the rules, sooooooo......how could I argue? Plus, in Kyan's defense, he is very responsible and if any 7 year old could take care of a hamster, it is him!
"Those will kill you," the burly guy to my right said.
Goldfish (even the organic ones), condensed soups, chicken stock & bouillon, flavored potato chips & crackers, store bought salad dressings & croutons, deli meat, and soy sauce.
It was in the living room where I think I was first
In my mind, I've put a blanket of snow over certain things because I don't want to see them. I don't want to realize my full potential- because I'm afraid that I'd have to live up to it. Maybe if I tried, I could do more than I think I can. Maybe if I looked hard enough, I could see the tiny blades of grass poking through that metaphorical carpet of snow. And then maybe...juuuuust maybe... I could trick BF into edging it while I drink some hot cocoa.
You see a new blog link for Industrial Wilderness. It is highly recommended.
just as it was with you.
Our cottage-like house was built by the Bahamians (as in “from the Bahamas”) who first lived in it. As was customary at the time, builders made use of all the available natural materials indigenous to the area, such as coral and Miami-Dade pine. Homes were simple, yet full of character. Back in the day, there was no air conditioning and, as such, air flow via windows (windows, windows, everywhere!) was how the steamy South Florida weather was made bearable.
The other guy who started his work experience this week wasn’t in and despite having not much to do during the week I was suddenly burdened with a lot of work on my last day. I suppose everyone wanted to get it out of the way before the weekend.
Not to say that it does not get watered down in other areas. when you have a dramedy that is over two and a half hours long, you're bound to have some moments that feel like filler, particularly to an American audience. While I am having trouble remembering specifics at the moment, I do remember a handful of times hearing that familiar voice in my head "OK... come on already." There is a scene I remember involving a birth during a flood (yes, I know...) that went on a bit long.
(*You’ll note that the first entry was for a sampling of the Red Chair IPA, not the Red Chair NWPA. The IPA was part of Deschutes’ Bond Street Series.)
The prize winner will be randomly drawn and announced on Tuesday August 24th. Plus, three of you will be awarded the Stampin' Sisters in Christ Shining Star blinkie!
body a sex—surely this
#2: ...failing to comply with state and federal securities laws.
B) furniture often needs task lighting for the real-world uses of reading, eating and talking
And for the final result.
NONSENSE!!!!!!!!!
The temperature has being surprisingly warm for this time of the year, which most likely will bring tornadoes with all the warm air moving fast from the ground up.
05. Manic City (prod. by Stijn Beats)
We are definitely more on our own now than before, but if we reassess what is valuable this year, this redefines what capital is, and we can instigate a great wealth transfer outside of orthodox money creation and control.
4. As soon as the item is ready to be purchased (they are priced at $5 each), I'll let you know and put it up as Reserved for (Your Name Here) in our shop!
The electoral law that the neurtral cabinet will put in place can be a mix of majority / proportional as per some specific requirements.
This is my stuff:
“Tigerli is insatiable. I said to him recently, “Now stop this. You are castrated and I am not a genuine cat!”
I grow tired I suppose, so much rubbish, one group against the other, such squabbling, yet true nationalism is so very much more than that, so much more than politician point-scoring, ego-driven sparring and abject capitulation to malevolence. I don’t know how the BNP can go on, certainly it cannot consider itself nationalist and I know that, those that follow it now will not accept such a position, fooling themselves and indeed those new to the fray, yet they are not nationalist and have not been for a very long time. There must be a middle-ground within nationalism, a central place where real truth remains, where individuals can turn in times of need, where for our country and much more importantly, for our people, there is always hope, for if we grab it, tomorrow belongs to us.
This painting is so special to me. It actually belongs to my step-mother, but I have been taking care of it. My godmother painted this when she lived here in America. She now lives in London and this painting is a daily reminder of how much I care for her.
This simple shift in thinking can change your life and your lifestyle……… And Aren’t you worth it? YES You Are!
No one can live the life God calls us to alone. It is too radical, and too difficult a call to fly solo.
Training is going fantastic. I really couldn't ask for much in terms of this training cycle. So far, everything just feels so right.
My daughter was invited to her first birthday party last weekend, she was so excited. We went to wrap the present right before leaving to the party and I realized that the only wrapping paper that we had was Christmas themed. I didn't have enough time to run to the store so this is what we did.
One thing I am also free of is the Vicodin - no that it did much for me anyway. I appear to be in that subset of the human race that does not get loopy on the stuff. Both my parents cautioned me strongly against getting hooked on it, and hey, my dad should definitely know, but it didn't even get its hooks in me to begin with. Only real painkiller for me was rest and less stress, I guess. No, I will not be passing out those little blue pills along with our Almond Joys.
Jesus
Well, here are a few things I thought of…..
The nights grow cold: misty. Rivulets stream down our car windows.
Also, occasionally a printer or print broker I work brings me work from a customer who prefers I didn’t publicize that I’m the designer; I always used to keep these business relationships in confidence simply for professional reasons, and the rare unscrupulous customer who will try to work around his print representative and approach me directly, thinking he’ll get a better deal.
For reasons unrelated to you or our relationship, I got depressed and it soon became too much to handle, completely tearing our relationship apart.
Passage from book -
-Gil was born in Princeton, IN, and starred in track, baseball, football, and basketball at Petersburg High School. He attended St. Joseph's College in Indiana before signing with the Dodgers in 1943.
Considered to be the pulse of the government’s National Rural Health Mission (NRHM), around 800,000 Accredited Social Health Activists (ASHAs) and ANMs form the ground force of delivering health services in rural parts of the country.
3. In a version of the foregoing, the licensor may from the outset set a high minimum royalty payment for the licensee, secure in his belief that the licensor will be able to identify and manage a successful sublicensee in the territory.
Where does one ever START with this beautiful record? The guitarist starts it all off, laying out some Curtis Mayfield-style licks that bring me to my knees, as the drummer grooves slow and steady in a way that is almost vocal itself in its expression. Add in the sublime vocals (lead singer is Bobby Buchanan) and this St Louis group share an absolute masterpiece with us.
3 water
that paying him no attention
Maybe you already knew both of those tips. Maybe you're positive that no one has written exactly what's in your sample pages; there is no way that this is the start of any story but yours. That's all well and good, but make sure that you haven't written:
to succumb
Beat 8 egg yolks, 2/3 c. sugar and vanilla together until very fluffy and smooth, approximately 1 minute. Add flour and whisk until smooth.
I also do like Chinese glass art. it is very oriental and different from others. The MADE IN CHINA articles in bulk making cheap has been spread all over world and thus everyone thinks that those items from China are cheap and useless. I do not agree on it completely, of course the latest MADE IN CHINA bulk articles are cheap and low quality but if we find the real treasures of China we can find many nice articles very rare and useful.
Have been away for the past week visiting my father, but now I’m back with some…
Afterward, I was overcome with a burst of grief (to be honest, it wasn’t so much grief as plain old feeling sorry for myself.) My brothers will be at dinner with their mates, and I won’t be with mine. Still, I had him for all those years, and for that, I am truly grateful.
in Leopard Print...
Twice in this episode, Hotaro’s imagination show us a magical world with moving hair that bind Hotaro to Eru and words that jump off paper to join into a black flood, which is both awe-inspiring and unexpected. For someone like Hotaro to have such a vivid and creative imagination, there may be hope for him as a main character yet.
An FCC survey conducted last year found that one in six mobile phone customers has experienced some degree of bill shock — and nearly half of those had been surprised by bills that hit them with overage charges of $50 or more.
Throughout the summer the young shortstop played backup to Frank Gustine and got into 87 games, frequently used as a pinch runner. Zak batted a hearty .300 with 3 doubles, a triple and 6 stolen bases thrown in there for good measure. But breaking the .300 mark mark was not the highlight of Zak's 1944 season. Getting named to the 1944 All-Star Game was! Yes, Frankie Zak, rookie back-up shortstop and occasional pinch-runner was named to represent the National League at the 1944 All-Star Game.
The tragedy of Africa is not just that such savagery still persists.
The books that "everyone" loved and I did not:
Do you think I might like red just a little?
Let’s do this!
I think that’s the difference in our generation – we may not be struggling to make ends meet, and we may not be aiming to earn shitloads of money, so I guess that leaves us with some free time to try to make a difference in others’ lives. and social media makes it even easier for people like them to band together, to spread smiles beyond those they directly met, and to inspire others to do some good as well.
So I thought I owed everyone an update. Although there isn't much to give.
He colors in his hair.
- not in the bin. Epic fail.
On May 2, 2004, the Mexican government ordered Cuba’s Ambassador, Jorge Bolaños Suarez, to leave Mexico within 48 hours. Mexico also declared Embassy political adviser Orlando Silva Fors Persona Non Grate (PNG) and forbid future visits by Cuban officials Jose Antonio Arbesu & Pedro Miguel Lobaina-Jimenez de Castro. Mexico stated its actions responded to acts by Arbesu, Lobaina, and Fors which were “unacceptable activities (in Mexico…) outside of the institutional context and procedures established in existing agreements and treaties between the two countries.” According to Le Monde, Lobaina headed the Mexico Section of the “Americas Area,” the intelligence wing of the Cuban Communist Party. Arbesu headed the Americas Area.
Ron: Shakespeare Makes the Playoffs is a sequel to Shakespeare Bats Cleanup, so readers are following Kevin Boland—poet and first baseman. (Both are novels-in-verse, free verse and not-so-free, but every page had to be a poem of some kind.)
A family traveling through the desert is set up by a teen gang.
Into a sweet insanity
Esha (5 months from meeting you)
This week I've been thinking about some old and new writing projects. I've also gone through my diary and blocked in some good writing time. Yes, new resolutions for the New Year!
Singing lessons? Maybe she’s always wanted to develop her voice beyond yelling at the kids.
That said, I have heard of cases where CF men have been duped into fathering a child. Most often, this involves the woman cheating on her birth control or outright lying to them about being on birth control just to get some viable sperm to produce a child. Yes, some people are in fact *THAT* desperate to have a kid, for reasons I know not, but it is true. Further, with the way child custody and child support laws in most countries favor women, the men get shafted into giving up part of their paycheck against their will to support a child that came to be against their will, even if they “sign over” their rights. Put it plainly: men get the short end of the stick in the deal.
Even when I’m feeling down in the dumps, it’s comforting to know I’ve got these guys at home to keep me company and just hang out with me when I’m feeling a bit blah. The dog also reminds me to stop being a selfish asshole and get over it because he needs to go out for a walk.
- 12/10/1941: American island of Guam, British islands of Tarawa and Makin, and sank both British battleships HMS Prince of Wales of the Malay Peninsula and the HMS Repulse off the Malay Peninsula.
MY LIFE WITH COMIC BOOKS: THE HISTORY OF A COMIC SHOP-Part 182
Badger - being the great lovers of floral and fruit themes that they always have been - have integrated soft twangs of rosewater, apricot and orange into the mix which, again, add a certain sharpness to delicately counter that sweetness which might otherwise be too syrupy and rich.
Science fiction has been unpopular over recent years, but most genres come and go in waves of popularity so we are all fully expecting its return! It is considered quite specialist – many publishing editors wouldn’t feel that know enough about this genre to be able to judge a good one.
Row 18-22- Repeat row 18-22 of left shoulder.
So, come on a tour with me to my favourite places in my chosen city where I nearly rear end some cars, take out pedestrians, show you a fantastic view of the sky and offer really bad commentary that is pretty much assumed and made up.
The $19.6 million aircraft is on schedule for service entry in 2013.
I could list them all for you,
so thank you.
I'm so proud of my Nick and Alicia and I can't wait to watch Cayden grow up!
O’Connor has spent the past 25 years forcing onlookers to take sides: depending on your tastes, she’s either an attention-seeker whose capricious behaviour has taxed fans’ loyalty for years, or one of pop’s bravest artists.
The kids are…well, "Man-Child" wants me to "graduate" him. I don't even really know what that means, to be honest. As life learners, I'm not sure I believe in graduation anymore. He doesn't want a party or a ceremony, but just wants me to say those magic words "you're done". LOL Silly kid, doesn't he know we're never "done"? The Compulsary Attendance age in Oklahoma is 18, so maybe I'll oblige him on his 18th birthday with a Diploma or something. The girls are great. Even our biggest girl, the adult one, is doing well. She just got a promotion and raise at her job. I'm starting to see some real maturity from that girl and I love it!
So what about you? Any shows you're obsessing over?
For a church that most often would rather remain safely protected behind it’s ivory towers Saving Leonardo is both a desperately needed textbook in art-based worldview study for the church and a challenge to the church to engage the culture as opposed to simply “cursing the darkness.”
It’s all very dignified.
“hey mom…” he began.
1069 D-III/9/1990. “The Cases Against and For the North American Indians.” Law and American Culture Panels, Annual Convention, American Culture Association, Toronto, Ontario. (Incorporated in Item D-IX/17/1992, below.)
Robyn Gordon I've worked on paper with acrylics and water colours but I have never worked on canvas so perhaps I would like to try oils or acrylics on huge canvases incorporating collage and found objects. I visualise making grand gestures, splashing , scrubbing, dripping, scraping, scratching and generally just feeling my way around the canvas rather than thinking about my every move.
He has toured and recorded as singer/guitarist with the likes of John Farnham, Glen Shorrock (Little River Band), Tina Arena, Tommy Emmanuel, James Reyne, Rick Price, Merryl Bainbridge, Graham Goble (Little River Band), Richard Clapton, Gary Garry Beers (INXS), Dweezil Zappa, Ahmet Zappa, Jeff Jacobs (Foriener), Schuyler Deale (Michael Bolton, Billy Joel), Crystal Talefiero (Billy Joel), Deb Byrne, Kylie Minogue, Doc Neeson, Stoolz Roachman & the Idiot Sevilles, Renee Geyer, Bachelor Girl, Anthony Warlow and countless others.
to the past, the buildings facade will now feature a discreet
He would say trick or tweat, they when he got candy he would yell Thank You!!
OPG have also submitted an idea for a fun project to help promote Hawaiian Music. The winners receive $500 for their event, and accommodation at an eco hotel in Hawaii during the music festival. Since I’ll be calling at Hawaii on my ocean row, and want to help promote the International Award and links with our guys here in Georgia, I thought it would be fun to host a Hawaiian evening for OPG participants and other Award participants and youngsters in Georgia, and also to get them to put some art work or writing together in a scrapbook, that I can take with me on my ocean row and present to the children in Hawaii, hopefully getting them to do the same and bringing that back with me to Georgia. Perhaps even spreading some Georgian music, and getting the kids from both countries talking to each other via skype. Anyway, we have submitted our idea, and voting begins on the 9th May, and if we can get enough votes, then we can win and host the Hawaiian evening here in Tbilisi: http://pmf.maker.good.is/projects/Hulahooray
that didn't do so well with all the snow.
Lorelie Kim
Phreak: What did you do to me?
Suspended animation, a state of bliss
(1) Especially For You – MYMP
This week's Waltzingmouse Sketch Challenge has three little panels, turn them in to what you wish, I chose a square and circle combo this week, and layered up basic card with two tones of stamping...
Glazed Pork Tenderloin
I honestly thought that an old maid was a woman who was like a nanny. She cleaned and took care of people’s homes, like a maid. But, she was more than a house cleaner. She was like a grandma. And that’s what an old maid was. But, my mom was obviously going to explain to me something completely different, I feared. And I really didn’t want to hear it.
Where were my college writings? Where was the senior thesis on the “Post World War II American Occupation of the Philippines”? Where was the Propaganda in Film paper on The Who’s “Tommy” or the scripted version of Barry Manilow’s “Copacabana”? More importantly. where was the published poem on the virtues of the cockroach?
I finally got round to making another dress! Mainly because I am running a little dress workshop at the week-end for some of my #Pinaddicts team and I wasn't sure I could remember how to do it! The fabric was very kindly donated by Allyson
6) My drugs of choice are time-honored, inexpensive, well-tolerated diuretics and beta-blockers.23,25 I rarely use the high-tech, expensive medications like ACE inhibitors. I never use “calcium channel blockers” because these drugs increase a person’s risk of death and disease (more heart disease, cancer, bleeding, and suicide) and make them more stupid (decrease cognitive function).26,27
Yep, tomorrow, I thought. We’ll have to figure this mess out tomorrow.
Baseball Belongs In Newark.
and write.
said the bunny, “I will be a man and build myself a house.”
Mary passed away last week.
Many scientists have demonstrated the manner in which colonies of bacteria will often shift back and forth between star and distributed network formations, based upon the amount of resources in a given area. What produces the need for centralization is thus scarcity, or in terms of populations of humans, ‘fear.’ Fear creates star networks, while greater relaxation produces distributed networks.
by: Charles Baudelaire
So in all honesty there are some things I can’t explain to you entirely and will never be able to explain to you entirely but thats because it wasn’t ever something I was supposed to be able to explain to begin with. Everything in the bible is written down for a reason and is God breathed and God inspired. That being said there is still a good portion of it that either isn’t readily comprehensible by simply skimming through it and has to be thoroughly studied. Either that or it simply doesn’t make sense to us yet because God hasn’t revealed it to us. I recently spoke with a man who has been reading the bible in depth and studying it thoroughly for the past 50 years of his life and there are things in there that he is only just now beginning to understand. I can understand your frustration with the pi situation in kings. I found this link helpful in better understanding not only the nature of the verse in kings but also of pi in general. Very informative to say the least. Personally I’d like to understand why mark included this passage in Mark 14:51, when Jesus was being captured in the garden of Gethsemane right before being crucified. “A young man, wearing nothing but a linen garment, was following Jesus. When they seized him, he fled naked, leaving his garment behind.”…It confused me. Anyways, most of the stuff you mentioned in the old testament through was meant to be read literally and in full context. Well here’s the link to the pi explanation:
Singapore Sling
Agence France Presse recently quoted 79-year-old André Salarnier, the former head of the Mormon temple in Talence, recalling Romney as being a “big and charismatic fellow” who would “often come to our house for meals and lapped up my wife’s Breton crêpes”... as well as her coq au vin according to some sources. Salarnier also remembers him as being a “natural leader and a charming young man who was very open and very much a Francophile”.
I have a very cute short sleeved purple cardigan, not lilac or maroon but proper bluey dark purple. I adore this little cardie but I never know how to wear it. Today I have it on with a black tee, navy jeans and blue earrings (these)...but I'm not satisfied. Any suggestions oh great one? Tee hee.
TWT Establishments partner Ragesh Chalipat says the company is expecting a 50 percent boom in light of the recently held F1. Many of the hoteliers are also expecting the same, although the occupancy rates have been less this year, compared to earlier F1s.
I’d imagine the Highlander Scotch Ale is just about gone and I’m not saying that to incite rancor among the beer folk – it’s just a statement of fact. In the interest of full, detailed and honest research, I’ll endeavor to make a stop at Old World later this week to see what’s flowing from the taps. Geez, the lengths to which I’ll go to fill this space with beer drivel.
ZaSu Pitts
And yet, here we are, 1 week before he’s unjustly killed, and some people notice that Jesus must be different – He MUST be the King of the Universe. “Look, the world has gone after them!” Is what the Pharisees say to one another.
Fact Number 5: THIS COLORADOLADY is real and what you see on The Coloradolady Blog is the real "me". This Coloradolady does not enter chat rooms, or post on controversial websites. This Coloradolady does not play online games using this handle. This Coloradolady does not record herself "singing" and post online for all to hear. This Coloradolady does not join on line dating services using this handle. I am sure from the unpleasant email I received, this person who calls themselves CL would be most happy for me to clear this up.
or hear our speech we, too, will leave
Going with the flow has always been one of the prime components of serendipity, synchronicity—especially when it comes to getting the story. Without it, the element of chance that leads mysteriously to meaning might never emerge.
07. Les Nuits - Nightmares on wax / 3:36
The next morning Kirk had arranged for us to go on a whale watch. The seas were less than friendly with a storm rapidly approaching (3.5m swells every 10 seconds where the captain’s words*), so there were a few green passengers on deck. Fortunately, I was not one of them and thoroughly enjoyed the trip. Though we didn’t see many whales, we were privy to a special treat, a breaching grey whale about 20 yards off our boat. This was something the Captain said he’s only seen four or five times in his life. Apparently, unlike their Humpback cousins, Grey whales, are not athletically built and are a bit lazy and consequently are rarely seen lifting themselves out of the water to breach. With this being a rare experience, I was caught off guard and sadly wasn’t able to grab a shot of this amazing moment to share with you. Being out on the ocean allowed for a lovely vantage point to capture the beautiful, wild scenery of the Pacific west coast.
*my mother just advised me that laying wax paper between the sliced bananas and a flat surface may help eliminate the sticking...
_____When I'm high, I'll call some customer service number and choose the Spanish option just for the challenge
There are 19 occurrences of the abbreviation “Mt.” and 61 uses of “New.” It becomes apparent to me that early Ohioans were not a particularly creative lot.
Bake for 10 minutes until tops are golden brown. Use a butter knife to remove
- Tabuteau family member suspects carvings were done by a pupil/s from Gosford High School in the 60's
OK, all you hot-shot reporters in Port-au-Prince on your expense account cushioned arses, riddle me these five “no brainers”:
587 *D-IX/15/1969. “Greece Today and the Limits of Compromise.” Chicago Council on Foreign Relations, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1969(6), above.)
Ah! I need those expressions back,
Official finish time: 13.29 miles = 2:17:07
Watercolor Trio C N. UM $9.00
Many of them said, “He is possessed and out of his mind; why listen to him?”
4) It provides family ritual/tradition. I love looking forward to small rituals in our family. Saturday morning pancakes, pizza-movie nights on Fridays, games, games games.
If even California of all states would not pass a bill legalizing weed for those 21 and older, it’s clear that protesting Arizonans are fighting a hopeless cause. Arizonans should spend their time more wisely than trying to get something as pointless as recreational pot to happen.
(Ernesto Nazareth)
“Louis Brandeis made his famous statement that
California is gaining status in the beer world. That's awesome because I make it to the land of movies quite often. Luckily, that is where I am now (stop by and say hi if you're in the area). I have been here for 3 days now and I feel like I'm failing in my search for great West Coast beer.
And he says it won’t take me long. Just a few days. Don’t forget about me, okay?
But last night was the first time that Mr. Ghost decided he wanted to be just plain mean.
1. When are you due? Somewhere between December 10th and 14th. We'll find out for sure at our next ultrasound.
Popular Press:
Marc Judd provided us with some much needed breathing space in the second-half, when a Schwodler cross missed its intended target of Lee Fielder. Judd, who'd been screaming for the ball from his oncoming position on the left-wing, gathered the ball in his stride and struck it low into the bottom right hand corner with his trusty left foot. Sam Schwodler made it three-nil with a well executed strike from the edge of the eighteen yard box, gathering Jason Wilson's pass, after some purposeful build up play led by Sam Hewitt.
I look in the fridge and see our gallon of raw milk, our neighbor’s chickens’ eggs, our lamb’s thawing leg roast, and home-grown salad greens spilling out from every hydrator, and I can’t wait to get back to real eating.
The upsweep sound was first believed to be biological, possibly produced by fin whales. However, when the sound was picked up by receivers on opposite sides of the Pacific, researchers concluded that it was too loud to have been produced by a whale. The signals also stayed the same over the course of many seasons, whereas whale song should have varied as the whales migrated. Also, the sound was too uniform to have come from whales.
And when it comes to bad - it surely doesn't get any worse than this culinary beauty? Lovely. With or without boiled cabbage and pig's ears? A crowd pleaser this one. Who's coming for dinner tonight?!!!!
The campaign manager wrote on the board the major newscasts, blogs and commentators in their camp and that could be counted to the message across and justify the actions taken.
This particular track, Unborn Child, is another in the long line of nasty, anti-abortion rhetoric which spewed out of the States. One rather pleasing side effect of this release was that is caused pro-choice advocates to boycott the album and the duo's concerts. Take a look at some of the lyrics; they’re just vile:
Proclaim throughout the Borough of Kings, today is the day everything becomes official. We are now the Brooklyn Nets. The team unveiled their new look and logo this morning.
I have to say it was probably the best threesome ever. Firstly because we were all really comfortable with each other. Similar levels of self-confidence and attractiveness definitely helps. Most of the time, threesomes can get a wee tedious because one other person is usually less secure about her/his self, and I usually feel it in my place to reassure them that they're great. Or something. Wtf, I just want to do what I want to do when I'm having sex, not worrying about someone's ego. Bah.
The first part I can do, although I feel it would be richer for the reader if I used the all forgiving medium of lies, but as it is I will tell the truth, because the source is an honest sort of chap.
"I can't directly attack Jimmy Carter about being weak, because he is so goddamn old and people don't like it when rich Republicans pick on liberal Christians; however, passive aggressive comments are acceptable when attacking old people." Mitt Romney told reporters.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN: VAMPIRE HUNTER (June 22) – Sounds like a pretty weird combination right? However this is based on the book of the same name that rewrites history as if vampires had existed during the 16th century. This could go one of two ways: One being a quirky outlandish gothic tale with a surprisingly interesting story. Or it could be another silly and utterly boring vampire movie as we’ve seen time and time again lately.
Guilt is a common place for me to live. I know it well.
Marta continued on.
Last night my husband stayed home with the kids so I could go out with some friends for sushi, it’s the only weekend I will have time before we move. He was glad to give me a small break because he had spent the day getting ready to leave for 6 days on a business trip. I hate it when he has to travel. He only travel a few times a year, but the kids and I miss him like crazy. I also hate it when he travels because I am the Mom and the Dad for a few days, as if being one parent isn’t hard enough.
Our first tournament was at 10 AM the next morning at Mandalay Bay; there were about 30 people. Aimee, Lee and I were out pretty fast, but Todd made it to the last table, and came in "in the money"... fourth, I think? After that one was over, we scuttled across the bridge to the Excalibur, grabbed a quick and fattening lunch, and proceeded to their 1:00 tournament.
Greece is dead, Italy is dead, and Spain is almost there. The EFSF bazooka remains elusive (China backed out yesterday….you read it here first) and the French banks are doomed. The recapitalisation programme for the eurobanks is only a third of what it should be. We still have no concrete evidence that the creditors will play ball at a 50% debt forgiveness level. And to save Greece, it needs to be closer to 90%. Athens will run out of cash about a week after the new Referendum date – which, I now read, has been set for December 4th.
Because that’s what being engaged by education does. That’s what seeing your history and heritage seriously considered and represented in academic texts does. That’s what identifying with literary protagonists who might look like you, or sound like you, or live like you, does. It makes you damn uppity and harder to disenfranchise and bamboozle.
Okay, that’s something that we haven’t eaten yet.
e) ask me. I may take pity on you, especially if you ask me in a funny way.
Our cocktALEs flight proceeded in the following order:
In any case, Ai’s routine ended up being in the second act. The show was spectacular, but I’m not going to give a blow by blow description. I had been curious about Ai’s costume though as he had made a remark about it on facebook. It turned out the guys in his routine were wearing dance shoes, black slacks, a vest (like the kind that goes with a tuxedo), purple ties… and nothing else. No shirts under the vests.
Robert Winglee, Ph.D., Dept. of Earth and Space Sciences, UW and Robert Masse, Ph.D., Aerojet
Now go ahead, spend the rest of the day geeking out and searching for labels.
Last week, I spent lots of time preparing for a segment which aired last night on the local ABC affiliate KIVI Channel 6. The theme is Green Living. We used all sorts of environmentally-friendly materials like a drink carrier from Sonic, a frosting container, a toilet paper roll, a can of Pears, an old Albertsons grocery bag, a Starbuck's Frappuccino bottle and a brown handled bag from Aveda to create lots of fun wrapping options. The brief article and segment video are linked here.
Abnegation: Selflessness, gray robe, simple and uniform living/housing, government, orderly
and vowed to make more of an effort, upon my return.
and the people breathed in harmony
I wish I could say that I did it myself, but I didn’t. It took the help of another friend of mine to convince me. She had often sat next to me on the street, listening and offering her encouragement. She gave me the strength that I needed to finish my most difficult pieces and then talked me in to playing inside over a cup of coffee one morning. I did it partly because I had a crush on her and partly because it would mean so much to the owner of the coffeehouse, but mainly, I did it to prove to myself that I could do it. I had been hiding behind my guitar and putting it off for years, but this was what I wanted to do. Now was the time, I thought.
"Mr. Sharshar", Mr. Think produced a metal container from his pouch, "this is the standard flask that most drinking men in this village use. Wouldn't you agree?"
What spiritual goal do we strive after for the next 2 ½ weeks?
for my precious friends who have lost a child
Loser Jimmy Quinn (Michael Moriarty) is off the drugs and booze, but can't get a job playing piano, so falls in with some crooks as a bank getaway driver. All that gets him is a limp from being half-run over by a car. Fleeing the goons, Jimmy climbs to the top of the Chrysler building - up in the tower, where he finds a nest with a giant egg!!!!Quetzalcoatl flies around the city, eating hapless construction workers and women sunbathing nude.Q offers us up a little bit of 80's gore, a decapitation, some severed limbs, a bit of ritual skinning, plus an old-fashioned stop-motion creature.Energetically paced and adamant in its refusal to either question the logic of the premise or take itself too seriously, Q is probably Cohen's funniest,and most enjoyable movie.
One issue, I am really freaked out by the devil-creature on the label. I don’t like it at all and had to pour my beer in a mug so that this devil creature wasn’t leering at me with every sip.
Wrong
Serpent Spine is part of a set of quests not unlike ‘the Day Deathwing Came’ in the Badlands. Different characters are telling you the story of what happened and each quest has you playing one of them to complete the story.
produced. With so many options to choose from, it is helpful
Saint Arnold Sailing Santa will be an annual seasonal release that precedes Thanksgiving. It is the second new seasonal from Saint Arnold in just over a month, following the highly regarded release of Saint Arnold Pumpkinator. As was the case with Pumpkinator, supplies will be limited.
Oh geeze, I'm such a dork on camera & do you know how scary it is to go make-upless on camera? Also, the song in the background is one of my favorite summery surfery tunes ("Falling" by Iration) in case you were wondering!
I talked to Verna tonight. Probably my best friend in this world. I enjoyed chatting about normal twenty something stuff. It is not often I get to do that and it was nice to take a break from the tragic, chaotic, damaging but beautiful world the majority of myself and my friends exist in. I wouldn’t loose these friends for the world but at times I become lonely for the few friendship I have known in my twenty-two years that were formed through the normal methods of becoming close to another human being. But yet it is also hard to explain the bond I have with the other girls. Perhaps it is only those who have lived the life we have can even begin to fathom it. An environment in which you come to know another person’s most private hurts and pain while you are struggling with your own cannot be replicated in the “outside” world. Friendships formed there are unlike any others. I really have no words to explain but perhaps that’s another post.
fondly he says “mother you are getting old!”
Scientist couple, Clive Nicoli and Elsa Kast, are eccentric prodigies working for Newstead Pharmaceuticals. In a section called NERD (Nucleic Exchange Research and Development) they mix and match the genes of various creatures. Despite some profitable early success, they feel close to a larger discovery. Adding human material into the process results in a creepy new hybrid, Dren (Delphine Chaneac).
4. Les Boys
Zombie Cross Stitch
Crowe's Richie Roberts is a great contrast to Lucas. He's certainly a long way from business minded, as we see when he turns in a million dollars as evidence, which it would seem department custom would require him to pocket. This move practically kills his career, ensuring that his calls for back up are ignored and earning a great deal of enmity from everyone except Toback. Richie can't stand the idea of cops taking money, but he's hardly the boy scout he's thought to be. Richie doesn't have a passive sense of goodness. He's a hothead, who has his own idea about the right thing to do.
In a guttaral voice,
After battling with the exporting with premiere pro i finally have saved this and am sending it through my blog..
Billy Bao, Urban Disease
His love for you existed before you were born and it will still be there after you’ve gone to be with Him in paradise.
I said it weeks ago I think in a comment on another blog: The problems of the Euro zone, far from being an opportunity for our government to renegotiate powers back to the UK, will instead be used by those pushing for further integration to force us to meld into the mire across the channel.
I hope this letter finds you well. I am Yasuki Murato, Caravan Master of the Jolly Crab Trading Company, which as you are certainly aware, is one of the more prosperous and profitable merchant companies in the Empire. Recently one of my personal caravans, bearing valuable goods to the warfront at Shiro Tamori, was betrayed by our guide, and assaulted by a bandit group known as the Purity of Fire. My drivers were killed, and my son proved to be a lackluster caravan guard and allowed me to be taken hostage.
OK, it's a chick beer. And as such, I am not secure enough in my manhood to order it when I'm at El Toro. But I will steal sips of it from my fiance' Linda when she isn't looking. Once again, a skillful blend of the raspberry harmonizing with the slight tartness of underlying wheat beer. Actually gives chick beers a good name.
Sierra Nevada Southern Hemisphere Fresh Hop Ale
Feb 13, we took our continental breakfast around 7AM at Tanaya Bed & Breakfast. Call time would be 9AM. This would be a full day trip with EXOTIC BALI Destination.
As an emotional skeptic, I see language as a precarious scaffolding on which I am compelled to do my balancing acts. Because of the emotional inflexions we subconsciously attribute to words, a particular word will not mean the same thing to you as it does to me. That is why I value a philosopher like Quine, who makes the complexity of linguistic issues clearer. He’s one of the good guys, in terms of the way he went about promoting clarity.
Baauer – Harlam Shake
Taste to see what it's like, and then add half a banana to give it more sweetness. Blend for final 2m.
The proof of God’s existence in my life has always been one of love and grace. At my lowest moments, God’s love and strength sustained me on difficult journeys and have been my refuge. It is a love so profound that God would abandon the realm of divinity to take on human flesh and blood and become like us, to suffer and die for, to battle the forces of sin and death for us so that we could see and know and understand the extent of that love… that’s a love we should not be withholding anyone. Not even the people who disappoint us.
*writing a teen program on RESPECT that will travel to schools, churches, teen centers
i also think that the distance between pregnancies is relevant. it took me nearly a year to get pregnant again. i had some distance. the anxiety and depression had started to lessen. of course, when i found out i was pregnant, the anxiety skyrocketed again, but it started from a lower baseline. if there had been less of a gap, i might not have been able to see things quite so dispassionately.
1 teaspoon rosemary
one more lively and one more subdued.
Going barefoot will also allow her feet to develop naturally without being restricted by shoes. Your baby’s bones are soft, and cramping them in a pair of shoes too early can squash her feet and prevent them growing properly.
21. Who was the last person you visited in the hospital? Ummm....i have no clue
And of course being bullied, if it doesn’t destroy you, can sometimes make you strong, able to cope with rejection, criticism, even vilification – come to think of it- the perfect set up for dealing with the publishing world.
Another actress who’s gone back and forth for a stable film career is Li Gong. Her most recent film was in 2011, the Chinese romantic comedy What Women Want. Prior to that four of her last five films according to IMDB, were U.S. projects including Shanghai, Hannibal Rising, Miami Vice, and Memoirs of a Geisha.
I've reviewed a lot of movies in my time here, some of them good, most of them bad. And for every movie (save one or two) I've tried giving them the benefit of the doubt; I did my best to remember what good those involved had done, if the cinematography was good or even if a passing scene caught my fancy.
Does a true parent have care for a child?.
Here is some background from luciferburns: After touring extensively all through 1977 and, for that matter, for the past five years, Robin Trower decided to take a break. No “live” shows were preformed in 1978 or 1979. That’s not to say he didn’t keep busy. His 6th solo release (not counting the “Live” album), “Caravan To Midnight”, was released in 1978. But no tours took place to promote “Caravan To Midnight”. And, to the best of my knowledge, no songs have ever been performed live from it to this very day!
Don, Jack, Lew and Bryan scheme it up, to have something to write about during what would have been Beer Week. 1.2 million to 1
On a personal note, I'm moving at the end of this month to a new place. It's a little farther from my local flying site, but up on a small hill of it's own so I'll be able to practice the "fit" part of my goal and go for little hikes around my new neighbourhood. With a constant training schedule during the fall I should be able to go hiking soon without always being at the back of the line!
And they danced all night... to the fiddle and the banjo
also add a link to it in Inlinkz (please show a photo of your card) so we are sure to see it.
I will never know how I was able to answer, but in my heart I was able to say, “No, Lord. If this is Your will, I would not ask You for Your second best.”
As the months passed I had an inkling that John maybe had HIV. There were weird happenings which I couldn't explain through junk logic. Like how I'd arrange to lend him money until he got his government payment, and on the areed day I'd turn up at his hostel with the cash only to be told he was in hospital. A week later he'd turn back up, clean of crack and heroin, and give me some fanny about a muscle problem, or a lung infection. I never doubted the reasons he gave, just the way he shrugged them off as if they were everyday and nothing serious. But I knew it was serious. Anything that would have a junkie laid up in hospital half sick is VERY serious. God, I've seen addicts with limbs hanging off through gangrene who wouldn't go to hospital for fear of not getting out the same evening and being sick or subdued with inadequate amounts of methadone. So for John to be in hospital on the day he was to get money was bizarre. When it kept happening I marked him down as one of the many 'closeted' HIV'ers on the injecting dope scene. John never did tell me and so it was only ever speculation.
Must come at your bidding, as flames out of fire.
We still remain hopeful that at some point when we introduce Oliver to Ms K, they will get along, especially since Ole came from a home where a woman was ‘hoarding’ cats and so is used to company. In the meantime Ole’s health has improved and he no longer has flies, having had more than 37 at the time dad had a chance to take care of him.
Search by category or use the search box to find internships. Don't forget to check out the archives, sometimes internships posted in past quarters are still available but have not been re-posted.
General Manager
One more time--what the (F-BOMB) is going on here?
–noun 4. a hired household servant. ( I wish I were getting paid) LOL
* What’s next for Miriam Halahmy? I understand Hidden is one of three novels published by Meadowside Books, could you tell us a little about the next two novels?
- More than 400 mourners packed an East New York funeral home to celebrate the life — and protest the mysterious death — of Tamon Robinson, the beloved Connecticut Muffin counterman who died after being run over by an NYPD squad car. The Local
Tomorrow is 1st May, which in St Andrews means one thing: staying up all night getting drunk and running into the sea at dawn. Why? It’s a tradition and St Andrews is a traditional place. Plus it’s an excuse to stay up drinking all night.
Just in the process of making sure everyone is okay...
D.H: 2 passes by Brady, 2 drops. Brady sacked! Time out, egad!
Listings made on any other websites should be considered as possible fake listings.
They always give you the same answer: "Yeah, but our customers are growing old and where are our new customers going to come from?" As if people at 50 wear the same clothes, drive the same cars, and eat the same food they do at 17.
So it being Wednesday and all gave me the push to actually do it, and to put things away as I photographed them so that I had desk space to photograph the next lot! So if you want to see what I bought with my birthday money and some recent sales look at all these photos:
but there was no way for me to make a journey.
I have been doing fine for the past few months but all that is about to give way. I feel the boards that have been nailed across my heart to protect it about to be ripped off painfully. I can't stop it from happening since I don't know how the boards actually got there. Maybe they were placed when we found out we were having our little rainbow. I think they may have been slowly put up after the arrival of our rainbow. But as the month is drawing near, these boards are about to be torn, slowly, one at a time from a heart that never healed.
Six point force painted, one point left to finish. In an ideal world I'd buy one more unit of Bondi as an eighth point for maximum flexibility. But I can always add that later, for now I'm content that it is mostly finished and is something I might actually get a game of every now and then with people who aren't Gharak.
Confused? Me too!
Since then, in many cases, the updating process requested by the Holy See has been taking place at a slow and irregular rate, as new versions of the Roman Missal are gradually being approved in the various modern languages. The quickest to finish was the Hungarian Church, whose corrected version of the words of consecration for the bread and wine, was implemented on Pentecost 2009. They were followed by some Latin American Churches (Chile, Argentina, Paraguay, Uruguay and Bolivia), after the approval of their version of the Roman Missal in Castilian Spanish. In Argentina, the passage from por todos to por muchos took place on the first Sunday of Lent 2010. In Chile, the change had already been implemented on the first Sunday of Advent 2009. In Churches across the English speaking world, the Vatican’s approval of the English version of the Roman Missal finally came about a year ago, after a lot of blood sweat and tears and the new Missal which substitutes for all with for many only came into use on Advent 2011.
It's Lisa H. with you today
Okay, okay... Lyle Talbot was a real actor too. He at least had stage training and been in some 300-plus roles in his lifetime... in spite of the fact that the main projects anyone will remember him in are Wood's Glen or Glenda, Jail Bait and this film.
Embellishments: Pearls, shimmer mist
Chest heaving as they wheeze and squeeze their breath.
She also handmade her portfolio book which she showed me. Future aspiring fashion designers take note, her portfolio is immaculately made, well presented and professional.
POLICE INTERACTION #2:
That’s it basically, I then printed off all my work and marked up some pointers for my presentation tomorrow .. but other than that .. that’s it. I’ve spent stupid amounts of money today .. this is why money doesn’t last long with me .. I need to put MORE petrol in the car tomorrow .. and then hopefully not spend any more money .. hopefully. It will happen, it always does.
Although the message of the EDL is focused on Muslims – all of them, not just extremist groups as they claim - nobody should doubt that the politics of both the EDL and the BNP is still driven by the familiar bigotry and hatred of the far right, with a new language and target to fit with the times. There has been debate elsewhere about whether this change from attacking all minorities, to attacking Muslims, represents a genuine shift from racism to Islamophobia, or is simply a political ploy (I am aware that I have oversimplified this debate). My personal view is that it is a bit of both, and that such distinctions miss the point. Inasmuch as ‘Paki’ was a generic term for anyone with a brown skin in the 1970s, so now ‘Muslim’ serves much the same purpose for racists today. Far right politics has followed the blurring of boundaries between race and culture along with the rest of society. And it is also very easy to over-intellectualise what is essentially an emotional politics based on ignorance; particularly where the street racism of the EDL is concerned. They hate Muslims because they are brown, and because they are different, and because they follow a strange religion and build new mosques to practice it in; and for those who need to feel that there is more to their bigotry than just the fear and hatred of difference, it is because of the conspiracy theory that Muslims are trying to take over society. Conspiracy theories are the bedrock of racist politics. Modern antisemitism is based on the Protocols of the Elders of Zion, a hoax which tried to ‘prove’ that Jews were plotting to take over the world. No similar text exists to ‘convict’ Muslims of actively plotting world domination, so instead, some people – and here the term ‘Islamophobia’ is apposite – try to argue that the Quran is just such a document.
Before SXSW hits with full force, take advantage of this week's bargain sustenance deals from your friendly local supermarkets.
There is no sign to help me
Late Stage Products 15
Obama: In the aftermath of his sluggish response to the BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico the Obama administration ceased drilling in the Gulf and set in place a moratorium on new offshore drilling. This action was being taken in spite on America's dependency on foreign oil. Gas prices have risen over 120 percent since Obama has taken office.
05 – Northern Lights
9. Internet Connection
Great leaders immerse themselves in the goal of creating an environment where the best, the brightest, and the most creative are
That she loves me like Jesus does.
It's a grim and uncomfortable tale, naturalistic in its direction and the acting. Kevin Howarth is suitably horrible as the terrible tramp. I could almost see it as a Shane Meadows film, starring the brats from Eden Lake and Paddy Considine. It's not that good, but it could have been. The children are loathsome, so it's admirable that you end up rooting for them. However, I have a very low tolerance for whining, crying children, so I still hated Summer Scars quite a lot. If they'd finished the film by killing both the children and the dangerous drifter, I would have been a happy bunny. As it is, the climax is predictable but fitting.
Just a bit of weather and architectural weirdness.
“Dawing” described Singaporean elderly women as ‘disgusting’:
One of the most important things to realize is that Meltdowns are part of the Aspergers condition. They can't avoid them, merely try to reduce the damage. Punishing an aspie for a meltdown is like punishing someone for swearing when they hit their thumb with a hammer. It won't do any good whatsoever and can only serve to increase the distance between you and your child.
I’ve created two theatre shows based on this desire, and I know that part of it is that I just like wearing the boots, swinging around on ropes/scaffolding, and startling everyone with my voice coming out of nowhere, or a fake gun that I’m not going to use. I mean, really, who doesn’t like those things?
Followers get an extra chance to win. Leave me a second comment letting me know you follow:)
Charles Dickens’ A Tale of Two Cities was a thick, edifying, entertaining, and beautifully written novel. His placement and usage of words to convey specific emotions and hidden meanings made the story valuable, and more than worth reading.
Barack Obama is simply a politician’s politician - a minnow compared to Kennedy.
2. How Long
Most everyone I knew had this three LP album "All Things Must Pass" by George Harrison. This was the first triple album released by a solo artist and in regards to the album's size, Harrison stated "I didn't have many tunes on Beatles records, so doing an album like "All Things Must Pass" was like going to the bathroom and letting it all out."
After the meal, there was some downtime, and the two spontaneously decided to spend some more time at Dr. West’s office getting to know each other a little more before their onstage conversation.
Cast : Cho Kyuhyun, Lee Hyukjae, Choi Siwon SUPER JUNIOR, Song Yoo Rin, Shin Hae Ri (OC)
Pieter Groenewald of the FF+ wanted to know how many officials had been criminally prosecuted and how many had competency certificates.
The mere fact that the Chalice is offered decreases reverence. How? Two reasons.
Psssst...I am hosting a fantastic sponsored giveaway on May 14th...so stay tuned!
We are about to be attacked by Al Qaeda. Wave flags if you have them. That always seems to scare them away. I’m kidding.
From Portsmouth I followed the South Downs Way to Dover, stopping in many seaside resort towns, including Brighton and Eastbourne. When I researched the trip I was expecting an ‘easy’ ride along this stretch, but the incessant headwind made it far from a pleasant flat ride. At times it took a lot of imagination… to battle the wind as I passed two long military rifle ranges I imagined I was in hot pursuit from armed thugs! The gunfire took me all the way to Dover, my last destination in England. It was during this coastal route that I tried WarmShowers for the first time – a special thanks to Matt, Kim and Antony for kindly hosting me in Worthing and Dover. Antony also gave me some extra cycling shoe covers which would be crucial for the rain to come in France and Belgium.
And in this corner, we have...his four-year-old daughter!
“All you desire" is titled as such perhaps because everything revolves around the group and people’s desires and destinies. What they are meant to do and how they balance it with what they want and what they believe in. Quite complicated but extremely interesting. The mystery, wicked pasts and horrible futures, passions to live out and put off, plus difficult decisions to make- they all made me love the book.
I'm not sure what a cow has to do with the first chapter. But I think that is cool. Somebody was like, "I'm gonna write a religious text, and I'm going to write the word 'The Cow' for the first chapter."
And God bless Tennessee, truly. I do love that place, and there is aways a moment where we cross the border and I know I'm home again. Oh, sure the landscape is the familiar rocky hills I grew up with and the accent is sweet and twangy, but what really makes it feel like home are the billboards. Since we come in from Virginia to the east, we pass close to Gatlinburg and Pigeon Forge, and if you know anything about those places you'll know that they are the craziest tourist trap towns in the entire southern U.S. and much of the, um, attractions are devoted to, how shall I say, the indigenous culture of the east Tennessee hills. Hillbillies, in other words. Even when I was growing up and we would vacation there every year, back before Dolly opened her Wood and before the place really took off, there was a miniature golf course called Hillbilly Golf (it's still there, but apparently they're too hillbilly for a website). Now they have those big dinner arena things, like Medieval Times, but with feuding lumberjacks. Every other billboard for miles was for Lumberjack Feud. And then there was one for moonshine! Somebody got the bright idea to legally distill and sell corn liquor. IN MASON JARS. And I'm cursing like a—well, like me—as we pass these magnificent roadside advertisements because I can't just whip out my camera and get a picture of them for you. I love it that I get hate mail when I make fun of my redneck brethren, and yet Tennesseeans are exploiting it themselves left and right.
Angst! But I buy new towels -- petroleum blue ones, so pretty, so pretty, with hems in complementary colours. Only they shed copious amounts of fuzz. Petroleum blue fuzz. On the floor, in the bathtub, on me, on my contact lenses. I now vacuum twice a day. I fucking hate it. Petroleum blue hate it.
My husband went down to the garage to get some instruments of some sort. He came up with a pool-skimming net, the flat blue kind with a long pole on it, and a child’s crab-hunting net. I could see the stress on his face.
1/4 cup honey
While I do get mascara and plenty of other beauty products at Wal-Mart, sometimes it's fun to get the more expensive stuff. But it's not always fun to fork out the money. Am I right?
The Institute for Energy Research, on May 12, commenting on the calls to take tax subsidies from U.S. oil companies, said, “If the senators proved anything today, it was how out of touch they are with basic economics. Oil companies pay over $30 billion per year to federal, state, and local governments in order to produce energy in the U.S.” Meanwhile, Obama administration illegal moratoriums “have already decreased oil production in the Gulf of Mexico by 360,000 barrels a day.” In a major flip-flop, the president has announced a lease program to open up oil drilling in places that were sacrosanct just days before.
was a genius. Of course the nature of Jobs’s character and his integrity as a person are quite complicated. History will see him as the “poster boy” for the troubled, difficult persona of the genius. History will also reveal that, as he expressed it to his biographer Walter Isaacson, his feeling that he follows in a line of innovators that includes Thomas Edison and Albert Einstein, was not mere hyperbole. His influence on our cultural expressions, on our connectivity and communication, and in the ways we define ourselves as biological beings in an increasingly technological world is already immense and will only grow more so.
It seemed like posting it now would be a timely, fitting tribute to Steve Jobs. I'm thinking this year I'll try carving Steve at the podium as he delivered that infamous Stanford commencement address. That might be a little tricky.
To put it plainly there is a crime wave in the area.
Tell me briefly about your writing background: If you have never published anything, no need to mention it; your silence implies it. No need to mention you’ve written six novels all of which have been rejected and you have the ninety-six rejection letters to prove it. If you don’t have an impressive writing background, leave out that information. If you have written for a newspaper or a magazine, or have published or self-published other books, go ahead and mention them briefly. For example: “For the last six years I have written a weekly column for the local newspaper about parenting, and I have previously published my novel, Martha’s House, with Writers Press.”
AB: The most difficult part of it was grasping an understanding of the event on such a level that I could tell the story almost from first-hand knowledge. Obviously I’m much too young to remember the events, but I knew many of my readers would not be, so I needed to make sure I had as much research as humanly possible. That’s why I took so much time to speak to former (and current) media members, former players, former executives and coaches, in addition to others who were involved in NHL organizations. I performed dozens of interviews just to get the stories and behind the scenes aspect of the event, in order to capture how extraordinary it truly was. And just about the entire process was fun. Researching the event, reading newspaper clippings from the 1960s, speaking with those who were directly involved with the event, and actually writing the book itself—it was all a blast. I’ll tell you what wasn’t fun: editing! I’m not much for editing my own work, simply because of the repetition, but editing a 230-page book about 15 times was simply horrendous. But the entire process of getting this book together was fantastic.
Of Lavender Brown, her very best friend
There are words that, due to lack of use, have fallen by the wayside of our vernacular highways. They are still defined in the dictionaries, and they remain tucked into thesauruses, but they now hold more honor on lists in books such as Jeffrey Karcik’s The Word Museum. I love these words. I love the fact that someone somewhere determined that a word was going to be made official and hence put it to use in the English language. Notice that I said “someone” rather than specifying a linguist or a language expert or some such professional character. As you’ll soon discover, many of the words that I will be discussing were created out of necessity due to a pressing situation or condition, or simply an inadequacy or vacancy in the existing language.
13. The River Empires "A Toast to the Snake King" 4:29
During his visit, Dung met with Myanmar President U Thein Sein and the two leaders held talks on promoting bilateral cooperation under the Greater Mekong Subregion Economic Cooperation program ( GMS) and mutually beneficial cooperation in areas such as communications, transport, agriculture, livestock, tourism, forestry, trade and investment.
He said local elected officials would shortly be asked to nominate members, as would the three affected Brooklyn Community Boards: 2, 6, and 8. And how often would the committee meet? At least quarterly, he said, a frequency that provoked some derisive sounds from the audience.
If I didn't know this was a stone brew, and someone just poured it for me, I would totally still know they made it. It is very boisterous and in your face in flavor which in most beers I tend to stray away from, but something about stones beers seems to be extremely appealing. There is a certain balance to their extreme nature that is extremely tasty. The overall flavor back bone follows the smell pretty closely. A good hops bitterness with a slight taste of resinous pine, dark fruits like plumb and raisins, and some brown sugar to level it all out. This would definately be what I would consider an American strong ale. An American brew most definately, but done in a way that makes me appreciate the more bitter darker brews. If you will, this would be a gateway beer to the darker more bitter English brews. This beer would most definately rank up as an awesome sauce. But its not too overly alcoholic so you can drink it with out getting too sauced. It may have a little too strong of flavor for me to drink all night, but you definately could with out waking up the next day worrying about what happened the night before. All in all it is another win in the book of stone.
But for me it was just some ‘ISH’
first up.. Scrapz.biz is having a melbourne cup sweep... so i thought i'd have a go..here is the criteria.....use this sketch
Meals: (2 so far)
Gemzar, unlike my prior chemo regimen that had some nasty, external side effects, doesn’t create too much trouble for me, aside from destroying my platelets and my white blood cells. We finally established a 1 week chemo/1 week no-chemo schedule that was working fine … until Wonder Doc decided I should have another CT scan. It was all my fault. I’d been complaining a bit about continuing ouchies from the Alien and from its partner, the lymph node in my groin, both of which were evidencing signs of growth.
Look. I’m not angry. Just disappointed.
And said, "We ain't never gonna die"
I have a little confession. I have somewhat of an ulterior motive for this post about how helpful the Web is for paper crafters. I am also announcing a blog hop and live UStream event that takes place one week from today announcing new releases for Pink by Design Stamps, where I am honored to be on the design team. There are some really neat stamps coming out. I am super excited about it. During the hop, we will be sharing projects using the new releases. Later that day, at 9 p.m. CST, Sarah Hamer (owner of Pink by Design) will do a live webcast to show everyone all the fun new sets. You will have the opportunity to live chat with her and everyone else at the event. It's actually really fun. My husband even enjoys it and he doesn't scrapbook!! All the details will be listed on the Pink by Design site. I hope you can join us.
Intern
This week's Road Trip Wednesday question is: If you could live within the universe of one book, which would you choose?
As a break from the norm, I thought I'd write about some geek stuff. Don't worry, there is a trans element to this :-) Tracey (Chameleons) was kind enough to give me a copy of the photos from last week's photo session and that may be wonder about keeping said information safe.
While conducting research for one class, I came across this wonderful Irving Penn quote, which I think I may reference in my artist statement for another project I am working on:
Tyra Mail! – Tomorrow you will be the centerpiece of attention! Fierce & Love, Tyra
“Okay, what does everyone do next?”
If you don't already shop by unit price, I hope you'll check them out the next time you're in the store. If you already employ this shopping method, tell me what your best buys are.
Q: Anything that the members have done for you which have made you happy?
Some craft foam rainbow colored strips
He scratched his grizzly beard and set his bandana back over his warm forehead as he stretched his sun-drenched arm to his brow to scan the horizon. Another boat coming. He would have to be ready for whoever it brought. It didn’t look like it was headed in any other direction.
Reid: you’re funny
Mercury glass was first created in Germany in the early 1800s. It was used as a more inexpensive material for candlesticks, vases, goblets, and other objects. Silvered glass quickly gained popularity in France, England, Bohemia, and the United States. The New England Glass Company showed a large display of the glass at the New York Crystal Palace Exhibition in 1853; included in the display were goblets, vases, spittoons, sugar basins, tumblers, and more.
2 potatoes, peeled and diced
Whatever one's views on Scottish Independence, it is something that could happen within the next few years. Even if Welsh Labour and Welsh Liberal Democrats were willing to bet the national debt on Scotland remaining within the Union, common sense says that Wales should prepare for the effect that Scottish independence would have on Wales if it comes to pass. Not doing so is true fantasy politics.
In this ad for The Grove at Victoria Hill in New Westminster, we find a fascinating use (or misuse) of bold in the headline. The hard-hitting “You can’t afford to miss this opportunity!” curiously draws attention to the lack of affordable housing in Greater Vancouver. The spin here is that Onni wants you to see its $265,900 one-bedroom as affordable. Yet, there’s something peculiar about the bolding of those words. It’s as if the ad designer, all but certainly priced out of the market, is screaming at the reader in a final subversive act to raise awareness of housing cost insanity.
I was sitting in front of a blank screen with no ideas for this post, having just read an email from my father entitled 'Magic'. Why not, I thought?
I can honestly say that it is not as bad as chemo...... not by a long chalk.
Special mention must go to Jessica and the trashiest swimsuit of all time, though:
I’m unimpressed, people. Having stories is great but when the object of your quest is stupid or horribly undefined, what’s the point? I’m already all over the place so let me put it into perspective and then I’ll go deeper into the meat.
Many thanks go out to all of our guests in attendance, as well as Barbara Barry herself, who sent us a note with a lovely gift of her own brand of absolutely delicious Citrine tea. Erica Smolders from Rook & Rose did a stunning job with the Asian themed flower arrangements which set the mood perfectly. We couldn't have done it without the support from the team at Kravet Canada: Brian Donovan and Paul Smith, and of course our rep, Brenda Marks - who gave an engaging and fascinating presentation of Barbara's new line.
However the discussion is far from over. Having assembled this set of arguments I now need to apply them to the various “absent qualia” arguments that have been the backbone of the critique of functionalism and the emergence of consciousness as a problem for cognitive science over the past thirty years.
The gun prohibitionists maintain that legal gun ownership must be drastically reduced because legal guns are stolen by criminals. Yet since the FCA mandates that guns be stored in safes, there is no good rationale for banning guns.
Stay tuned for day 3. Amber is now 2 weeks old and am getting into being at home alone with 2 kids now that hubby is back at work, so taking a little longer than planned to do these posts!!
With Yitzchak we see a reversal of din to chesed. Yitzchak’s name comes from the root word, “tzechok” – laughter. Making people happy is an expression of kindness. Hashem wanted Yitzchak to acquire an element of chesed.
If not for matters of State to state confidently the matter of no confidence in their finance we would be confident in our financial matter and would not want in fear of theirs.
That's right, Ryan and I both got a headcold this week and are still recovering. Emmaline, thank goodness (and thanks to breastfeeding) has not suffered at all but us parents are a different story. Ryan woke up Tuesday with a sore throat. We thought it was allergies but it got worse on Wednesday, the same day I woke up with a sore throat. Lovely. I won't go into the snotty details but it's been gross and we're both trying to stifle our coughs and sneezes so as not to wake up our lovely little baby all night!
In retrospect, I am glad I listened to him. He is growing up so fast and I want him to know that his opinions matter and that he should absolutely stick to his guns when he feels strongly about something.
Anyway, I hope I’ve done justice to this little gem of a restaurant (which has no website of its own and only a few other reviews online that I could find). My hope is that somebody will stumble across this entry when they’re looking for somewhere to eat in the 14ème arrondissement and will go to Le Tassili. To my future reader, I say bon appetit and bienvenue!. Je suis très heureuse de vous accueillir.
We know it's important but it's only France.
But no longer do I feel angry at him for not being there. It is his loss I’m afraid. She is doing fine. My son is doing fine. And so am I.
And hoo boy, did the parent groups of the good ol' U.S. of A. ever run the 400-meter hurdle with that; protests at every theater that dared show it, petitions signed and mailed in demanding a nation-wide pull of the flick, picket signs denouncing producers Ira Richard Barmak, Scott Schneid and Dennis Whitehead, director Charles E. Sellier Jr., and Tri-Star Pictures, not to mention the lack of mistletoe sentiment onscreen.
8. Princess Daphne - Dragon's Lair
the Head of Personal Security to President Jonathan, who
Merrell: Did you just say shit balls ass?
Except for her faith.
So below you will find not a sharp-toothed investigative report into the United Nations’ day-to-day nonworkings, nor a reflective or historically-braced account of our nerdy ramble amid some of the most bizarre artwork ever gifted from one world power to a conglomerate of world powers (I found all the ivory, guys!), nor very much political commentary on the U.N.’s internal representation of itself to itself–I was only there a minute and all I could think about were the chili con carne tacos and single-serving bottle of white zinfandel waiting for me in the Cafeteria of the World. What you will find are photos of Tommy and me mugging idiotically in various Very Important Venues before getting chased off by security guards. Oh, sorry: Security Guards.
And that is true for a number of reasons.
The startup costs would not be insignificant, but I believe it would be a worthwhile investment. The potential exposure for the varsity sports teams, not to mention the school in general, makes it a no-brainer.
Paris, Rome, Venice and other placed in between plus one night on the Orient Express train! I’m excited! But what to pack???
Lunch: Slim-Fast shake
A pack of paper is 500 sheets and I get it at $4.94 a pack (tx. included)
It was . . . startling.
coverage of the account space, working in conjunction with Partners and field account
to be wild and perfect for a moment, before they are
ZZ TOP: Neighbor, Neighbor
06 - All Along The Watchtower
A few weeks ago I met Helen Jolly IRL!! at the Camp mojo retreat and she is simply a gorgeous person - speaking with her you had the sense that her family was everything to her and that life was good.
The game started off ok, we were winning but the other team was holding their own. The game went well until the end. It was a jump ball and the kid from the other team BIT the kid from our team. Yes, bit, with his teeth, left a mark even. And as if that wasn't enough he then scratched. Then to top it all of when they were standing up the kid threw a punch! This is a nine year old we are talking about. And the whole time this kid's mother is sitting there watching, not saying a word. After the thrown punch the kid lay down on the ground and threw a tantrum like a 3 year old would. The mother finally decided to get up, walk out to him and comfort him. COMFORT!!! WTF!!!!! He just bit a kid for goodness sake. If that was my kid he would not be getting comforted he would be over apologizing for what he had done, heck then when we got home we would be writing a note to again apologize because he would have nothing better to do because he would be grounded!
These babies are central to the herd’s life. The mothers, aunts, sisters of these little ones are all about their care and safety and giving them loving caresses with trunks. Babies are watched by all with loving eyes. When a baby elephant is in trouble, that is the concern of each and every one of the adults. When one is orphaned, other elephants will nurse the little one. Babies are taken care of.
Within mere seconds after The Hubs ever-so carefully removed the bib to prevent another couscous explosion, Lil’ Man was doing his nightly wind-sprints, running from the front door to the back door. This of course spread the couscous trail and mashed it into the living room rug with each step. We went from contained humor to outright horror as we quickly attempted to distract him in hopes of stopping the couscous growth. Oreo cookie? No. Ice cream? No. There was a typhoon-like downpour that night so taking Lil’ Man to our neighborhood park wasn’t an option. Soon it was like trying to catch a greased pig, except each time he ran around or through our legs, there was giggling instead of oinking. That kid was fast and the couscous multiplied like Gremlins spending a sunny day poolside.
“If this conversation about me is going to be had, I will do my part to insist that it is a feminist one, because it has been misogynistic from the start. Who makes the fantastic leap from being sick, or gaining some weight over the winter, to a conclusion of plastic surgery? Our culture, that’s who. The insanity has to stop, because as focused on me as it appears to have been, it is about all girls and women. In fact, it’s about boys and men, too, who are equally objectified and ridiculed, according to heteronormative definitions of masculinity that deny the full and dynamic range of their personhood. It affects each and every one of us, in multiple and nefarious ways: our self-image, how we show up in our relationships and at work, our sense of our worth, value, and potential as human beings. Join in—and help change—the Conversation.” –Ashley Judd
Ryan and I took McNally to the condo in Destin for a long vacation (McNally's first vacation). It was a much needed get away, very relaxing, and very different than our past vacations. Not much to say about the trip but I did want to post a few pictures.
Take a careful look at the dreams that you’ve given up on. Look carefully to see if they have “Engineered By God” engraved on them. If they do, shrug off the ‘pointment’ part of that new word and concentrate again on the ‘antici’ part of it.
He said the city needs to be part of the “second industrial revolution,” producing green products within its borders.
I think it looks marvellous, especially at night with the fountains and coloured lights outside the train station. Yes the fountains did appear - although there's no indication they are there when the water's off. The trees opposite the George Hotel were also planted (no flowerbeds though).
It did get me thinking though that being young I do know other young mothers with the same issues and I see that divorce is such a prominent occurrence in our everyday lives but what really strikes me is why it happens.
- Molly's Cupcakes-- cookie dough, cake batter, red velvet, anything with their cream cheese icing
First of all, let’s get real about the stuff in the bathroom closet. NOBODY has a closet filled with rows of fresh white towels rolled perfectly. That’s called closet porn and it will make you go blind.
Ted
We have access to two canoes for lake rides.
When a corporation loses its CEO it spends (sadly) thousands of dollars trying to find a new
2. Even worse than the above, cyclists riding dangerously around motorists. Skipping red lights, riding alongside stationary traffic in the gutter etc etc. You give us a bad name.
Deputies then obtained a search warrant for the residence. Within the residence, a hydroponic marijuana grow operation was discovered and thirty-seven hydroponic plants were recovered which weighed twenty pounds and was valued at approximately $60,000.
These are shots of rural churches in the bush in northern Uganda. They are often squat, concrete and brick constructions, sometimes with murals on the outside, sometimes more elaborate and sometimes less, and often shaded by mango or mvule trees. They vary in size according to their congregation, with the exception of a few larger ones which look out of place for a reason which I will explain. The churches are scattered throughout the landscape of the reason, testament to Christianity’s reach.
Hold on there I have to stop you. I know Kim has a big bootylicious set of curvaceous buttocks and I'm happy for the man that gets to tap it but J-Lo has the best butt of all time.
me: Sigh…
Book: L'étranger by Albert Camus
Sergeant Patterson is a fun character. He is very well realised and there is a great irony in his being unable to live up to his own idealism. It's interesting to watch a character like him, because they have become in such short supply that they tend to be regarded as heroes. I suspect nowadays a volunteer like him would be in line for a medal. Helping out in the community is what the government likes, even though hardly anybody has the time to do it.
Uncut suck off
What are your experiences with rental cars? Anything creative? Let me know.
“They have to sleep in the centre which is locked from the outside and they do not have a key to exit the building,” he said.
White Lion Cry for freedom UK
Philip took a sip of the beer and a rush of flavors overcame him. At first sweet, then quickly shifting to sour and then tart. It was unlike anything he had ever drank before. He took a few minutes to give his taste buds time to recover and then took another sip.
The numbers meant more than the words and the smaller numbers meant more than the bigger ones. It was like we belonged to our own little country and we had this secret language that almost nobody else understood. Almost nobody can tell you the real difference between 3:36 and 3:39. Almost nobody understands that there's something in there, something important and significant, just waiting to be released out of that space between the six and the nine. Put it this way: if you ever wanted to cross over that gap, if you ever wanted to see what it was like on the other side, you would need to change your entire life and get rid of almost everything else.
WHEN: Tuesday, May 15, 2012
Nutty Chocolate Fudge Brownies are really easy to make, just follow these simply steps:
To Time consuming Tuesdays *chinks glass*,
why donruss went with 2002 stats on a 2004 card when the 2003 stats made more sense is beyond me. maybe we are meant to just look at the pretty picture of dodger stadium and not bother with the text on the back.
The Reading would begin at 7:30 one of those times I would always remember because it was the time back in 1977 I was supposed to meet my friend John LiCastro to see "Animal House" and when I told him I hope I don't forget the time he said, "Just remember that 7:30 looks like a man with a beard."
That is one beautiful piece of fruit! It stopped me in my tracks when I turned the corner at Whole Foods and saw a whole display of them. I had never seen a dragon fruit before. I’ve heard of them, because I remember seeing, a few years ago, a dragon fruit-flavored Snapple product, but I didn’t assume it was an actual, real fruit. I thought it was a made up word for marketing purposes, like how Kool-Aid made up a flavor when I was a kid called Purplesaurus Rex, which, believe it or not, was neither the name of a flavor found in nature NOR an actual dinosaur.
So here's my card:
smell of the damp earth,
I have always hated this question,
We are often surprised by little goodies that are vintage and Dutch!
There is so much I want to say about this wall I just don't know where to start. Do you ever have that feeling?!
If you are interested in exploring this further, to discover and learn how to discern exactly where you need to be at any given moment and with whom, be sure to connect with us here at Seven as we can further clarify your direction, using our unique processes that this exploration of The Truth About You is a part of.
Our God, whom we call by many names, but who calls each of us “Beloved,”
Grandma Ziemke (my mom) came with me to an ultrasound at the Perinatal office earlier today and you continue to look 'perfect.' Keep it up, Baby Boy!
8 girls were reintegrated from Transitions’ Programs back to families or independent living situations
Now if you'll excuse me, I must return to working on my book. I've reached the part where the planet Bacterium is being threatened by the evil overlord, Paresis, and his sexy henchwoman, Herpes. Never fear! Our hero, Phage, will fend off those scurvy villains once again.
As our regular reader will know, it’s our belief that regardless of strategy, creativity and the creative crafts ultimately make the difference between great advertising and not-so-great advertising. And none more so than great writing. Regardless of media or technology, great writing is still the most powerful tool available to the marketer and advertiser. So we've been asking people whose opinions we respect to tell us their favourite three pieces of advertising writing. And thankfully most of them didn't tell us to fuck off. We’re running them as an irregular series. Today's is number six, with selections from John Allison...
God loves us very much and ministers grace and favor… He also ministers justice… He is a God of righteousness… God can get angry… but He is also gentle… When a nation’s sins reach “three,” and there is no repentance, God begins to judge them when they have crossed the line into “four.” Our nation has crossed the line… God condemned Israel with the world… Judgment fell upon the unjust and upon the just. Isaiah 26:9 says, “When thy judgments are in the earth, then the inhabitants of the world will learn righteousness” (KJV). We are all accountable to God… If we do not learn the easy way, we will have to learn the hard way. Amos said, “The Lord will roar from Zion, and utter his voice from Jerusalem; the habitations of the shepherds shall mourn, and the top of Carmel shall wither” (1:2).
2) Respect – This goes hand in hand with the above. The amount of times, we humans get deluded by our feelings that we think we have respect when really we’re just lying to ourselves. I knew mine wasn’t an illusion, the minute he met my parents. My dad liked him before we were even together so I guess that helps.
oven to 350°F. Place the unwrapped dough on a work surface that has been lightly dusted with flour. Using a rolling pin, roll the dough out into an 11-inch circle, lifting and rotating the dough often, while dusting the work suface and dough lightly with flour as necessary. Roll the dough up on the rolling pin and unroll it over a 9-inch fluted tart pan with a removable bottom. Gently press the dough onto the bottom and up the sides of the pan. Roll the pin over the top of the pan to trim off the excess dough. Lightly prick the bottom of the dough with a fork at 1/2-inch intervals. Place the tart shell in the freezer for 10 minutes.
I used to think that sending a photo card was a cop-out. . .I'm sorry, but I did.
My simple definition of a "Social Media" Friend:
Eye ran this poem threw it,
(Ulmus americana) on the Haldimand Clay Plain near Thorold with its side branches pulled down, the trunk and main branches drawing the shape of an ‘M’, the lateral branches forming the crown. Aboriginals had purposefully modified the tree at one time — early to mid 1800s, I would guess - to point along an ancient footpath. The tree was well known in the community, ravaged by Dutch Elm Disease in the early 70s, but saved as a snag until a Windstorm brought it down December 28, 1982.
I envy it.
The Epoch Times: To what degree has the CCP institutionalized leadership succession?
There were those at the beginning who protested the effects of this newfound power. The Luddites regarded the new deskilled world of industrial labor as a radical step away from the craft economy they had known. And, even today craft objects are often prized far beyond those made in factories and tend to last longer and work better than their manufactured counterparts. (Certainly, there are exceptions to this, but they only point out the extra cost of producing something of quality and durability meant to last not just a few years, but one or more lifetimes.)
Despite the apparent breaches of the relevant Rules, it has been decided not to bring charges against any rider. In arriving at this decision the BHA took account of the effect of the delay caused by the late arrival of Synchronised at the start and the complications experienced with re-setting the starting tape.
What are you reading?
But as the weekend draws to a close, I wanted to share with you my Fabulous Friday finds. I promise these will start happening on Fridays rather than Sundays. They’re named Fabulous Fridays for a reason, you know.
#110. pushing myself to the max
McNally Jackson
CHAPTER NINE
I loved that smell...!
Meet Dillon....
14 oz. beef broth
Last weekend I attended a local conference, a big ole stampeding thing with thousands of attendees. Many of you know that my field is Early Childhood Education, and gatherings within my field tend to be somewhat …. hmmm. What’s a good word to combine enthusiasm with frump? Let’s just say that although there is great diversity among the group, the majority demographic has to be the wonderfully passionate, intelligent woman of a certain age wearing appliqué. This was St. Patrick’s Day weekend, and you can probably imagine that the festive adornments reached a fever pitch by the third day.
I bought my first starter kit from Cultures for Health. It takes a few days to hydrate your grains (they just sit on your counter in sugar water) and I started making our first kefir this past week. It has been a BIG hit with the family and I am so excited to have a healthy beverage alternative to milk and water :) Lemonade is our favorite so far (tastes a bit like Country Time Lemonade if you only culture it for 24 hours). We have also made cranberry and cherry....both tasted like a watered down juice or flat soda. This week I plan to allow a batch to sit for 48 hours to see what kind of fizz we get and I also plan to make "Cream Soda" (you just add vanilla extract). Water Kefir is so much easier than sourdough (less than 5 minutes a day), is good for us and will save us LOTS of money in juice.
I couldn’t wait for our adventure to Florence! I was so impatient I could barely sleep that night.
As a spin on the usual brunch menu, I made us a Mexican Sunday Brunch. A spicy Mexican tofu scramble with black beans, green chiles and cilantro. Eat it on its own or make a Mexican tofu scramble taco with charred corn tortillas.
Over grilled corn or plantain, under fruit trees I listened to Boma and learned of Ken Saro-Wiwa and other equally courageous people and whole communities who challenged the environmental, economic and political abuses perpetrated in their homeland. It was this time I became a short wave radio fiend and listened throughout the day to the BBC’s African service. I could hear interviews with Mr. Saro-Wiwa and follow his campaigns. He became a hero for me on this African sojourn.
What is Mike’s favorite thing about Ashley’s personality?
I want to like Shiner beer. I really do. It's regional. It has a long history. It used to be really good. Shiner Bock was the beer of choice for my first 8 years in Austin--- years that admittedly came before the Beer Revolution that swept our country starting in about 1994. I'll save my longer lament about Shiner Bock for a later post, but suffice it to say that I think my growing disappointment in what we once termed "the creamy creamy" had less to do with the rising standards for beer that accompanied the Beer Revolution than with the falling quality of the once-vaunted products coming from the the little brewery in Shiner.
I've also used SU Bashful Blue for the mattes and for the Nellie Snellen diecut. The DP is from My Mind's Eye. I used the same die to make a matte for the image topper and also for the little piece to hold the easel section in place when open. I backed a piece of the DP with some card and cut it out with a small circle punch to add to the middle and then popped this on to the centre panel with a foam dot to give it some height so the top would stay in place. The sentiment is from Hampton Art - Clear Expressions set called "All Occasion" I added 3 small pale green rhinestones ( (B)ling - for the Sentimental Sundays Challenge.) to the LH side of the topper.
By Neil Keenan and Keith Scot.
To reach out to and to encourage rehabilitation to victims of Prostitution & Human Trafficking in the Johannesburg area
1. Love her mom. Treat her mother with respect, honor, and a big heaping spoonful of public displays of affection. When she grows up, the odds are good she’ll fall in love with and marry someone who treats her much like you treated her mother. Good or bad, that’s just the way it is. I’d prefer good.
on bottom)
My immediate reaction was to find somewhere else because a couple of years back I had decided to sell off all the furniture and appliances I owned because I was planning to head overseas (which fell through for various reasons) so the best option was to find somewhere to move into – it is by far the much cheaper option, less money in rent than my current place and I don’t have to buy appliances and furniture.
Emerging from the inner illumination
Sat down and ordered a glass of Cali cabernet, and ordered the Grilled One-Half Pound All Beef Burger , topped with double cheddar cheese, crispy fried red onions, lettuce, tomato and kosher dill pickle; served with French fries.
Fortunately we all went a-dogsitting this last weekend at Aunt Beverly's house (pictures to follow) and the two of them got to get some of it out of their system ripping through the yard and engaging in all manner of Smackdown-type maneuvers. It's really a joy to watch although when they get running I feel like all the humans should have a helmet on.
I can’t live without seeing his face again….
I have incredible news to share with you! Stephanie's new stamps are coming out so soon that we are having a celebration NEXT WEEK! The Whimsical Designs sneak peeks will be on Thursday (December 1st) and Friday (December 2nd) at 7:00am EST. The stamp reveal Blog Hop will be on Friday, December 2nd at 7:00pm EST. One random winner who enters this week's challenge will win all four stamp sets in Stephanie's very first release! How exciting! Want to see a sneak peek photo? I thought you might...
Rnds 1-6) knit
Of acceptance
Angel Eyes
While the three are discussing the egg at a hotel, they discover Kumayama checking in. Sakai wonders aloud if somebody else may be working with Kumayama and investigates the matter. Kumayama walks into Mr. Torahata's room, the head of Happy Enterprises. As the two are discussing the billion-dollar tourist attraction, two tiny twin girls, known as the Shojobin, interrupt them. The Shojobin explain that they are from "Mothra Island" (known in later Godzilla movies as "Infant Island") and that the egg belongs to a monster named Mothra who lives there. Torahata and Kumayama ignore the girls' pleads and try to capture them. The two entrepreneurs feel that the two miniature girls would be a perfect attraction to feature alongside the giant egg. The Shobijin, however, manage to magically disapear, leaving the two men with nothing, but an empty blanket for their troubles.
My uniform
“Take this dish that I am making today. It is called hare masale ka pulao, it’s nothing fancy, it’s just a green herb baked rice dish (pulao).” And I proceed to cook the dish.
but because I couldn't set up the cakes til after 6.30 pm
I also had to make a matching hair clippie--no outfit is complete without accessories! I think my niece is going to look so cute in this. I will probably try to find her a cute white tshirt to go with it and hopefully she can wear it soon!
And on that depressing, but also oddly empowering note, I will leave this subject alone.
a whispered aside
Hello Lovelies ,
I interviewed and was hired at a salon called Hair's What's Happening in Spooner the end of December (it was one of the salon's I job shadowed at and I really liked it). We decided to scheduled my first day of work on January 26th, which was last Thursday. So I showed up for duty that day, and I absolutely LOVE it!!!! My work schedule is Thursdays, Fridays and every other Saturday for now...and as I build my cliental, I will add another day. The salon is so clean, professional and very well organized. I love my boss and my co-workers and the clients are amazing too. I am excited to start my career and learn and grow as a stylist.
Sometimes I ask myself, "Have I spent enough time lately thinking about Garbo?" If the answer is "no," I stop and stare at a portrait like this for a while. I really do think one can argue that hers is one of the most architecturally perfect faces known, on a very short list with the likes of Nefertiti and one or two Renaissance grandees.
The Uff Report is 512 pages long and contains 91 recommendations, so its sheer volume and the limited time available mean that I am unable to give a detailed review. This week’s column will therefore comprise an overview of the main concerns raised in the Enquiry and the way in which the Report has handled those.
And stop me from doing
Made the rest of the night look stress-free.
One of the joys of Twitter is clearing out useless, boring or unresponsive tweeters with Twit Clean (this is not an ad!). The service produces reports on tweeting performance.
During a lifetime, you build up a whole catalogue of regrets. A list of moments that if given a time machine, you would pop back and play the cards you was dealt a whole lot differently. But time machines don't exist, and to live your life plagued with the regrets of the past is a total waste of time. And yet that it seems that is how we like to live.
And I was.
I hope some of your can use the goodies I have found! I am off to have dinner with the hubby, since we haven't had dinner together in probably almost a week. We need to just slow down because our lives are getting a little too crazy for my liking! Happy Wednesday!
That image of a fired shotgun, smoke from the barrel caught in a millisecond, overlaid as metaphor works better than any/all descriptions of facial grimaces the human face is capable of making, or indeed, ever could.
I reflected on my love of white birch trees, their distinctive bark and the wood, influenced no doubt by my father's occupation as a wood cutter in Maine with his love of fly fishing and birch bark canoes. We had discussed many times the beauty of the white bark. It's gracefulness with delicate branches and slender trunk were never spoken of, but I could see that now, contrasted with the concrete urbanity around it.
and there’s an old woman in my back seat.
As he starts the engine up again, we sigh and resign ourselves to the fact we may not get to witness the longed-for sight of humpback whales frolicking in these waters, where they come once a year to reproduce.
Archive Media Publishing Ltd v MCPS is the first ruling of the newly-streamlined version of the UK's Copyright Tribunal. Decisions of the tribunal are held on the Intellectual Property Office website and you can find this one here. As Copyright Tribunals go, it's of historical importance, being the first decision under the small applications track, the matter being decided entirely on paper and without a hearing.
I cut the tag with my Silhouette digital cutter and adhered different Cosmo Cricket Cogsmo Robot paper to it. On the tag and gift bag I stamped the robots and colored them with Copic markers. I layered their torsos on with foam tape to add some dimension.
“Inventing Brooklyn: People, Places and Progress,” is on display on the third floor of the Brooklyn Historical Society, 128 Pierrepont St. For details on hours and admission, visit brooklynhistory.org.
There has been some possible changes in Korea, the demilitarised zone and President Obama has just visited the country to speak to the people of Korea. This March Obama visited Korea and stirringtroubleinternationally.com has explored the 2012. Stirring trouble Internationally is a humorous news site where you can find another view of the news. Like all good reporter sites objectivity is adhered and the main objective is to educate and look at news from all different angles.
He then shook my hand, gathered up his huge dogs, and he started lumbering farther up the trail indicating that he was going to continue the hunt for Mildred Packer.
Portland, 21st and 22nd
Durum wheat is primarily used for making pasta such as macaroni and spaghetti. Club wheat, also grown in the far West, is used to make the starchy flours required for making pastries. Additional wheat types include poulard, emmer, spelt, polish, and einkorn; these types are of little importance in the United States.
If you ever need to hear a stark comparison between the quality of a lossless vinyl rip and that of a mastered CD track, then you this is for you. I ripped this wonderful double A-side from an original Fetish Records 12" single. The pressing was of such a high quality, it only needed a light clean and minimal de-clicking during the mastering phase.
+ Take more photos on my phone for some 'easy' blog posts. Everyone does those 'phone photo dump' posts, I want in.
His BBC3 documentary “Stop My Stutter” was very well received and the number of TV viewings surpassed the ones of tv program-mes normally shown in that margin which was fantastic !
So if you think you have RSI what should you do?
It’s something that we do
b. William Shatner
21.Q AND NOT U "Hooray for Humans"
Over a hundred beers were arranged in 7 categories, were judged by 14 qualified judges and professional brewers in the morning and in excess of 300 litres of beer were then available for the competitors and general public in the afternoon.
in the White House?
Did this
There wasn't even a question about where they would be shot.
The pastry cream was a bit too soft so it oozed when sliced; next time I might make little tarts or figure out a way to make the cream more solid (cook it more?)
Day six of eight.
I used Lisa V's stone turtorial (found here: Lisa's Faux Stone) on the Grungeboard key. Much like the Petaloo CMC line, it has texture so it did well with this tutorial. It is an easy to follow and fun tutorial!
Having relevant, keyword oriented page titles is one of the best SEO strategies. By choosing titles that accurately describe your page you might be better suited to inform human searchers and web crawlers regarding the content of one’s site. This may naturally supercharge your traffic as individuals are able to better find your blog once they look for your distinct niche. noticias y tecnologia
7. When are the times you are most inspired, most motivated, most charged up?
I’m going to publish it anyway.
It's been interesting to see the answers. Surprisingly (maybe not) there are several food bloggers who are afraid of yeast! I have to admit, that I once had a fear of it, too. Recently, my confidence has grown and I've learned to understand how to work with yeast. I give a lot of credit to King Arthur's Blog called "Baker's Banter". If you haven't discovered this treasure of a blog, you're missing out. There are step-by-step tutorials. People leave reviews-- and, the KAF folks answer back!
His being there highlighted the value of an alternative perspective on things, the wonders of a reference to multiple sources, the deep fulfilment in a constant struggle to know the best approach. This struggle is likely a very general thing, something fundamental to a universe in which it appears just one of potentially many possibilities is experienced. If the Federation was this, Worf's essence as a character, it might have been a worthwhile venture, and on that level, through Worf, TNG may have kept that early radicalism alive.
Yes, life will go on without the small oval punch, and it will CERTAINLY go on without my "1/4 th written" book ever seeing the light of day.
2.) Next make the sauce. In a pot on the stove, heat some olive oil over medium low. When oil is hot add in onions and a pinch of salt. After 2-3 minutes, add in garlic and cook together until soft and starting to brown. The add in balsamic vinegar to de-glaze. Cook for 1-2 minutes more, then add in rest of ingredients and raise heat to a boil. Cover, and lower to a simmer and let cook while you prepare the eggplants.
While I was away, Charlie spent time at "Hotel Little River" ,
Anyone who knows me, knows how much I adore Kelly Osbourne. I was recently looking through some pictures of her, and was taken by her daring purple hair. It completely suits her personality! I love the regal nature the colour represents, and the fun but poised energy.
He captures Maria. He straps her nude to a table in his lab. Chemicals bubble and rise through twisting tubes; circuits connect; electric bolts arch between wire-ends. Maria’s… something, certainly not her soul, is transferred to the machine. Hoops of light engulf the robot; its dispassionate face becomes Maria’s, with a sneer.
I can’t be alone in thinking it is a bit off that some English footballers refuse to join in the singing of the national anthem before an international football match.
The CGNA listserv is an all volunteer community forum serving Carroll Gardens. Everyone from the neighborhood - renters, owners, business owners and others who work here - are welcome.
* 1/2 cup milk
Total Lots: 36
With undying love,
Beer Geeks like you and I have to do something too. We need to be vocal in our support of Texas Craft Beer. Barleyvine.com gave these suggestions:
And then on Friday, its back to the race track with the kart for some more racing.
How have you let go, and “enjoyed” the scenery of this hectic, exhilarating Christmas season?
Not only that, but I figured if I somehow threw myself into early labor whilst listening to Diane Rehm, well, then that would be a bonus.
As ta'en thy ain wife Kate's advice!
Jeans: Vintage Levis (thrifted by Chris)
Work has to be done.
ignited, flamed by fiery passion
He called me after he wanted a break but I didn't pick up. I'm too angry and upset to talk to him. I...Maybe I'll try to eat something and pick up the pieces of myself that are scattered everywhere. I hate having puffy eyes from crying. I truly do. I'll be back tomorrow here. Yeah I'll be back.
Hey, this is Wil's grandson Justin. I'm sorry to let you know but he passed last night in his sleep. The family is sad to see him go but we were all fortunate enough to be able to say our good-bye's. Even the members from different towns and states made it, which he was very grateful for. He was also very grateful for the support and emails from you guys. He mentioned you all and the blogs quite a bit and was very excited when we read him your responses. The family would also like to thank you all for your friendship and support which gave him comfort in the end. If you have any questions you can email me or my dad ( robertkyle@sbcglobal.net. again, thank you and we'll all miss him
If your mind wanders away going off into thought,(which is common in meditation) gently bring your focus back to the tip of your nose and resume your position as gatekeeper, watching the coming and going of your breath.
Pictures: As many extra pictures as you like
At first I worked as a reporter for a small town paper, and lived over a church bingo hall. Then I moved to New York City and became a reporter for a civil service newspaper. I spent the 1990's scrounging for freelance magazine work, becoming an advice columnist at Mademoiselle, a writer for Maxim, trying (and failing) to get into the CIA shortly after 9/11, and writing a book about Dracula that did, um, okay. I have a novel in my desk, a self-published collection of short stories, and this blog. My career is clearly a work in progress. I have failed, often thoroughly.
I just had a conversation with a fellow the other day. I was doing a crossword on my boat and he came aboard… he’s a harried dock worker struggling through his second divorce… He was telling me all about it and I told him “The past is gone the future does not exist the only thing we have is a moment.” And I truly truly believe that. If I was to aspire to something, when people ask what I want most in this world it would be able to be totally in the present. Usually I’m not. But when asked if you have of what is important is all about being in the present the essence in the moment. Enjoy it while you have it because it goes so quickly.
The episode was GREAT and it ended as I expected it to. I feel a warm peace with the conclusion. I thought it was beautiful and fitting. I knew it wouldn't please everyone, how could it?
Watch this space!
There was something more. Something about those days at the Texas State Fair. I mean to tell you! All I can tell you, my friend is that during all those years that we went to the State Fair of Texas I cain’t ever remember running into a nigger. Come now! Come now! Come now! But if you want to know the truth, we never thought about it. Where we lived, we never saw a black face, so when we went to the fair we didn’t think about it when we didn’t see a black face except for a few that worked there. I kaint believe I remember a single time, while a black man sang on the radio, which was broadcast over loudspeakers. Face it head on. They had their day at the fair, we had all the rest of the days. And there was somethin’ to the idea. Nigger day at the state fair? Nigger day was no different than the rest of the days at fair, except it was for niggers. No embarrassing situations that way. . And with signs tellin’ ‘em where they could go and where they couldn’t, there could be no mistakes. You hardly expected white people to drink out of the same water fountains or use the same toilets, would you? Take Lucky’s take on it. The first thing was it took most of the worry out of it. With “you don’t want no trouble” second. Someday and someday and someday. Someday it may be all different but at that time there was the way they lived, and the way we lived, and it was totally different. The truth was you had to keep niggers off the Ride and Laff. In there amongst creepy rats, snakes, and a vulture, we screamed and laughed, frightened by a real live sparrow that somehow got loose. Now we didn’t want no trouble.
Our April challenge is all about silhouettes. Believe me, I needed a dictionary to help spell that word. What is a silhouette you ask? According to Merriam-Webster a silhouette is "a likeness cut from dark material and mounted on a light background or one sketched in outline and solidly colored in."
Whare Mungo's mither hand's hersel.
Me, it warms the cockles of my heart that a man should be championing Virago and their writers in this way, but, like those contemporary women writers, I can't help wondering if this article, even now, would be seen as quite so authoritative had it been written by a woman.
welcome to my zbrush sketchbook. i am excited to get this blog started. the idea is to collect in a “diary” style the works i made in zbrush to, hopefully, see after a while improvement… my main interests are portraits, creating characters, and sometimes funny creatures …
I had been itching to try this beer for a couple of years but was always unable to find it. A couple of weekends ago while in Cleveland, Thad bought a 6 pack for me to try -- Actually not knowing I had wanted to try the beer, but because he really enjoys the Snake River brews when he heads out West with friends.
Jake England, 19 (l.), and Alvin Watts, 32, were arrested early Sunday following an intense, two-day police investigation.
Reason for Choosing: I felt like it.
Erica Smolders – Absolutely! There’s been efforts to push the envelope around the city but it’s sometimes been met with hesitation. Luckily, being a new business, we’ve built an incredibly supportive clientele who are always checking in to see what’s new and that really keeps us on our toes. Hopefully within the next 10 years more and more people will choose flowers to compliment the style of their surroundings and maybe those fluffy, tacky, novelty arrangements will finally retire!
See you soon dear friends,
Bean sprout, ½ bowl
And the final image for the blog - although I will be putting many more in a gallery on my website - a different treatment but still emphasising Holly's hair - I keep going on about Holly's hair, but I shouldn't as Holly is an all-round excellent model, who I would work with and recommend whatever type and colour of hair she had.
Note also his selected location – the area where he lives, and not some far off photo-icon. His choice would be equivalent to me trying this in Shenandoah NP where I’m a volunteer photographer (more to the point, where the photographer knows the territory and feels an attachment to it).
The South Florida Sun-Sentinel reported Tuesday that Broward County says Luxury Yacht Group must pay Diane Melton almost $200,000 in damages and fees.
Payoff Demand Requests
(Frankly, the Church calendar is full of plenty of other times to mediate on your sins.)
Loni comes home after school and tells me that
Separate the mixture into two halves and flatten into a baking dish. Top with the stuffing. Then, top with the second half of the ground meat mixture. Take a knife and score diagonal lines across the top. Then, pour enough olive oil over the top to lightly cover. Bake at 375° until meat is cooked through (maybe 30mins).
That’s how I met the wonderful Cynthia Bland who is a childhood sexual abuse survivor and the founder of Voice Found. She had a dream and was willing to do whatever it took to make it come true. And I was more than willing to help her achieve that.
when he confessed he found someone,
Just remember darling all the while
Cool until barely warm then beat in
So far into the 2012 season, Adam Dunn looks like he is back to being the power hitter that the White Sox thought they acquired from Washington. His production this season should make one wonder if he will be this year’s AL Comeback Player of the Year (or perhaps teammate Jake Peavy?)
He had a point. This business of “sexting” has become such a craze that there’s no telling who might be dabbling in it. The practice is highly disreputable, of course, and videos have been made warning against it. But for some women, this might simply increase the thrill.
As if I need a pigment of 56% on the CMYK scale to have an opinion. I’ve come to grips with the fact that despite my authenticity of African-American bloodline, sometimes I’m not black enough to cry foul in the eyes of my peers. You know what though? I think it’s a good thing. At least it’s a sign of the times that the barrier is fading. But does that mean the line of what’s appropriate and what isn’t is also fading? Possibly. For all of the tolerance that’s being “spread” around the world, there sure is a lot of sensitivity to go along with it.
Ask me again as I try to schlep an infant, a stroller and a basket of groceries onto the bus.
Dec 10-11 – Red Deer Regional Hospital Foundation – Window Masters
Beginning on April 1st, the Tarot 101 Circle will be working through the 22 lessons in "Tarot 101: Mastering the Art of Reading the Cards" by Kim Huggens. We plan on taking it one week at a time, but participants may move at whatever speed is comfortable for them. Anyone interested in learning to read the cards and experienced readers of all levels are welcome to participate and share their knowledge!
“What do you do when you go away on holiday?”
I went out for my lunch to find Alex a pair of white sandals. It’s the only part of the outfit the children’s museum doesn’t provide. And with Easter only a couple of weeks white sandals should be in abundance, right?
Analysis: Some say it will be Reiff taken here, but the consensus is that Bills need a LT for the future to lock down Ryan Fitzpatrick’s blindside. Necessary, but a bit boring. My surprise pick is Tannehill (in part because I already have 3 WR’s off the board) but also because I think the Bills could take a chance on him. Chan Gailey would love to have a WR turned QB and there’s really no solid back-up plan behind Fitzpatrick…I know it end up being a ton of money in the QB spot and a hole in the O-Line, but there will be other lineman, and Fitzpatrick seems like he could be a good guy to learn from. *For the record I also like MLB Luke Kuechly at this spot to help lock down the middle of the field for what is becoming a solid defense.
Because it did. It’s been a while since I stayed up past midnight to read a book. I didn’t stop until three in the morning with this one.
Left hook lands from Choate, but not real hard. Big swing by Justin misses.
Russia is a very old nation, dating back at least 1000 years. By A.D. 988 its princes ruled over the territory of today’s European Russia, Ukraine, and Belarus. Over the centuries Russia continued to expand its territory and gradually became a world power. The strongest male rulers were called czars, and the female rulers were known as czarinas. These titles were similar to those of king and queen in other countries.
The week following the engagement party, we went to the health clinic in my town to get a signed document from the doctor stating Fatima-Zahra does not have any chronic illnesses and is still a virgin. The next Sunday, we went back to Khemisset where she and Rashid signed the official government marriage documents (which means they are now legally married). The wedding ceremony will be in 2-4 weeks but they are waiting to finalize the dates (it will be a 3 day wedding) depending on Rashid’s work schedule (he’s an auto-mechanic) and when my host father can take off from work and come back home.
"Wavy Rectangles" die from Spellbinders, and "Deckled oval" die from Spellbinders.
Wow! Yippee! Are you kidding me! Who doesn’t want to be published!!! I know we are all excited here at OSAAT.
8. Finally... (I'm excited for this!) Can you tell us what's in store for us in Return to Paradise?
Over lunch a few years ago, Ranadivé said that Silicon Valley today is like Italy during the Renaissance. He said that all these guys living in the same place — Steve Jobs, Larry Ellison, Mark Zuckerberg, himself, and others — reminded him of the Basilica di Santa Croce in Florence, with its ring of busts of the men who are buried there: Michelangelo, Galileo, Rossini, Machiavelli. He said this not as a boast and not as a joke, but with solemnity. He believes he is making a contribution to the world that is potentially as valuable as any of theirs: to scan all the imponderable number of data points that make up the human universe for bits that, in the midst of the chaotic blankness around them, can work together as a coherent unit, like a single cloud in an otherwise endless blue sky.
I could only think of one complaint in this app, and that is that in the matching games the animals disappear. I guess the thought was that it would be more fun, more of a game, if the kids had to think fast and touch the animal with the right card before it left the screen, but this was just frustrating for my son. They actually do disappear rather slowly, and it wouldn't be an issue if the child already knew the answer. But my son is at a point where we need to talk through the cards together so I can help him figure out which one it is, and then when he finally decides on one, but then the card hides so he can't touch it, it's a bit frustrating for him. This was more of an issue for the math matching, matching numbers to correct number of items on a card (because he didn't have time to count all the cards) than the letter matching games.
It’s a ritual we all know, love, and can just about recite. Morning TV is what it is.
i am a sheep – of little intellect
Mr. Metcalf said he had been e-mailed by a viewer who was concerned that his relatives might appear on the list.
However, in order to be able to answer the question each week, you do need some idea of what you’ve done. Which leads me to todays topic/question: do you keep track of what you do? And, if you do, how do you keep track? I don’t really have a single specific method that I use. And I can’t avocate for any specific method. For me, I do have a few places where I can at least look and get an idea of what I’ve done.
There are so many options with Distress Stains it would impossible to show them all in one post. I decided to stick with a single color (Mustard Seed) and show it to you on different surfaces: (1) Glossy Paper, (2) Watercolor Paper, (3) Manila Card Stock, (4) Sticky Back Canvas, (5) Kraft Resist Paper primed with Picket Fence Distress Stain, and (6) Kraft Resist Paper (bare). Here they are, each with a single coat of Mustard Seed:
Paris: I just rub the stuff all over me ... Especially in those certain sensitive places.
"Why would you do that? He's crazy."
Finish these first typed drafts over the weekend. On Monday, we will begin the scaffolded process of assessment and revision—only this time, we’ll do it without grades.
Getting the time wrong today (no it wasn’t open at 2pm!) has meant for a very long day.
Indeed, I’ve never heard this group spring to life the way they do on the pianist’s terrific original while still maintaining the reflective undercurrent of hope and melancholy they blend together so well. The mix of time signatures and musical styles is made with such ease as to be effortless, proving this band is a communicative force to be reckoned with.
John and Lise Armstrong
can’t find the like button
Hi honey, where are you?
What makes All These Things I've Done stand apart from other dystopian or crime family novels is the focus on friends and family. Anya has a fantastic support system. She is, if not in name then in fact, the head of her family, and she does a stellar job of taking care of them and keeping them together. She shoulders much more of a burden than should be hers, but she did it in a realistic way. Sometimes in stories like these, the character is too adult or too childlike, but she's the perfect mix of adult responsibility mixed with teenage passion.
I don't need to be asked twice. I grip your hip firmly and thrust slowly in the rest of the way in. When I feel your ass gripping the very base of my cock, I let out a deep moan a pleasure.
Espresso Cocoa Bites (my favorite!): add in 1 – 1 1/2 teaspoons instant espresso granules or 1 1/2 – 2 teaspoons instant coffee granules and 1/4 teaspoon stevia with cocoa powder. Form into desired shapes, sprinkle with just a pinch of espresso or finely ground coffee granules.
Shawnie Ranks - Boomin Body
Cheddar Beer Bread
i mean, this is what i get to travel with:
Nor do you want to read about my efforts in the office for himself. Housework? Nah, let's not even go there in this discussion. But if you rang my doorbell right now I would only be embarrassed by the state of the house versus my normal mortified.
God was in the air that day
Hashem promises that one who fulfills the mitzva of shiluach haken will achieve long life anywhere in the world. However, with regard to kibud av, which is harder to fulfill, the Torah promises reward, long life “al ha’adama,” in Eretz Yisrael. What is the difference? The Rambam explains that a Jew receives more reward in the land of Israel because it is Hashem’s palace and His Divine Presence is more closely felt there. Therefore, the verse says, “al ha’adama” to teach us that a person receives more reward in Israel even for a logical mitzva like kibud av, because it is a mitzva in the Torah. Chesed too, though it is an easily understood mitzva, is a mitzva in the Torah and therefore, comes along with all its ramifications. The Netziv notes that even though a logical mitzva makes sense in general, its details may not because Hashem’s standards are higher than normal human standards. It is not dependent on common sense or feelings. Rather, each mitzva includes its myriad halachot.
Bottom line any type of insurance plans are superior to zero insurance coverage. If you would like hassle-free services and head the significant cost then the optional services routine maintenance commitment could be the solution. In case you are on a constrained spending budget and then home insurance would be a lot better than zero deal with. Insurance companies buy guild wars 2 gold that insure range of motion goods needs to have an individual builder as well as stairlift firm that goes to urgent situation call-outs for him or her and many others.
Here is 2 ounces of Cashmere-Silk from Spunky Eclectic in the March Colorway of the Month, Sunken Treasure. The color did not tempt me until I saw it on this fiber. It looks like treasure, doesn’t it? This is in the queue right now, though I’ve got a few things to get through before I can reward myself with it.
Quotations from the article:
The great British pass time: Clubbing. The art of ‘clubbing’ can be date back to beginning of time. The unnecessary need for people to join together in small places, drinking sweating, stinking, and flirting: which often times leads to fighting and occasional deaths. Most often the dancing was a way of finding a mate, the males and females would hurdle themselves frantically trying to grab the attention of a particular person. Many went home less than satisfied as the art of talking became the best way of getting to know a person.
I’m no fan of ISAF reporting, and reading through the latest 1230 report isn’t making me happy, but ISAF never reports wounded, only fatalities.
You don't have to be a clone of magazine gyaru....fuck what these blogs say!!!
“I thought this would be about anti-bullying,” Tuttle told Fox news. “It turned into a pointed attack on Christian beliefs.”
Yes, chickens have never received the due respect that they so well deserve, and that alone could possibly be a reason Burger King pulled their ads. Because they favor cows. All ya have to do is think about where hamburgers come from……COWS! Not chickens.
Matthew 23:1-12 Then Jesus said to the crowds and to his disciples, “The scribes and the Pharisees sit on Moses’ seat, so practice and observe whatever they tell you—but not what they do. For they preach, but do not practice. They tie up heavy burdens, hard to bear, and lay them on people’s shoulders, but they themselves are not willing to move them with their finger. They do all their deeds to be seen by others. For they make their phylacteries broad and their fringes long, and they love the place of honor at feasts and the best seats in the synagogues and greetings in the marketplaces and being called rabbi by others. But you are not to be called rabbi, for you have one teacher, and you are all brothers. And call no man your father on earth, for you have one Father, who is in heaven. Neither be called instructors, for you have one instructor, the Christ. The greatest among you shall be your servant. Whoever exalts himself will be humbled, and whoever humbles himself will be exalted.”
to negotiations is removed, another is waiting to take its place.
The truth is, I'm sure I could never be certain what was behind this unexpected twist in Tribute's tale, but it's worth pointing out that, whatever the cause, the result was a drink which was now potentially even more delightful than ever before.
IMO, the existing "triad of impairments", even with the additional "related characteristics" (which seem somewhat awkwardly tacked on, as if those responsible were themselves aware that their "triad" was incomplete, and more elements were needed to fully describe autism as a meaningful entity), fails at defining autism both by inaccuracy in what it does contain and by failing to include many of what autistic people consistently report as among the most significant components of what distinguishes us from neurotypical people.
Most significantly, Chinese IP policy in the 12th Five Year Plan resembles the panda in that both have their black spots. However, while those on the panda are part of its aesthetic charm, those in the Plan need attention. Two such black spots deal with expectations. However good may be the intentions of the Chinese Communist Party Central Committee, there remains a commonly held expectation on the part of foreign IP owners that their rights are difficult or impossible to enforce and that forging a joint venture with a local enterprise is not so much a golden opportunity to grow and share wealth but a sort of damage limitation exercise. There also appears to be an expectation on the part of many talented and successful Chinese entrepreneurs that, since they are creators of employment and prosperity at the local and national level, the various measures of enforcement that might be brought against them will be more in the manner of measures of admonition and light compensation than serious impediments to their continued trading.
What does it take to get us to notice the particular cadences of the television news program, the design of the floor tiles in our hallway, or the particular taste of our morning coffee? Without the experience of other places, the tones and colors, textures, tastes and aromas of our daily lives might escape our notice. We recognize the sensation of our own bed only when we have slept elsewhere; it is the journey in the end that defines what we mean by home.
The only problem is what to do with it. Let Syo sleep on it as is? Make it into a shirt for my husband? Or be selfish (not to mention completely rip of Cation) and create a Star Wars dress for myself?
Now for this week's challenge, it's Girls and Diecuts, so that means we'd like to see more than one girl on your card and using your favorite diecuts. Team A has come up with some fabulous inspiration for you all.........so please check them out and then start crafting.
I was stunned! $2 each, that's unbelievable. So I gave her $6 in total and we called it a day.
This episode was a huge dopey mess, certainly the worst one the series has produced so far. I know I always criticize the mysteries on this show as not being very good, and I know that everybody who has read the books says that the mysteries were never the good part (as if that’s a good excuse for why the show didn’t fix them), but god was this mystery completely stupid or what? A half-man/half-woman is murdered as part of a plot involving an escaped prisoner, a crooked cop, a dastardly ringmaster, the man who killed Phryne’s sister and a coffin building magician. We then learn, and are supposed to believe, that Foyle (Phryne’s sister’s killer) was burned alive… off-screen… seriously? I’m honestly starting to believe Miss Fisher’s Murder Mystery thinks its audience is as dumb as it is.
More tears than you have
While President Obama dropped his official views on the state of the union 2 days back, it seems that more than just a a host of Republicans and a certain judge took issue with it...
It is untenable to contend that the words “resulting emergency from the existence of the war” as used in section 1 of Commonwealth Act No. 671 should be construed to mean any emergency resulting from or that is the effect of the last war, and not the war emergency itself, and that therefore it is for the President to determine whether at the time of the promulgation of the executive orders under consideration such emergency still existed, because such contention would make Act No. 671 unconstitutional or violative of the provisions of section 26, Article VI of the Constitution. This constitutional precept distinguishes war emergency from any other national emergency, such as an economic depression and others which may be the effect of a war, and empowers the Congress in times of war and other national emergency, to be determined by Congress itself as we have already said and shown, to authorize the President, for a limited period that may short or of the same duration but not longer than that of the emergency, to promulgate rules and regulations to carry out the policy declared by the Congress in order to meet the emergency. To construe Commonwealth Act No. 671 as contended would be to leave the determination of the existence of the emergency to the discretion of the President, because the effects of the war such as those enumerated by the respondents are not determined or stated in said Act and could not have been foreseen by the Assembly in enacting said Act; and because it would make the delegation of powers for an in definite period, since such an emergency may or may not become depression, effect of the first world war, took place in the year 1929, or about ten years after the cessation of hostilities in the year 1919; and by no stretch of imagination or intellectual gymnastics may the failure of the Congress to appropriate funds for the operation of the Government during the period from July 1, 1949 to June 30, 1950, and to defray the expenses in connection with the holding of the national election on the second Tuesday of November, 1949, be considered as an emergency resulting from the last war.
i shake my head at that!
