NM: Be active, be nice, be online, be generous, be patient and be yourself. Don’t prostitute yourself or cross the lines you don’t like others to cross. For non-fiction, “platform” is essential. So, for me with Write a Great Synopsis, my blog and Twitter will be crucial and have already paid dividends. For fiction, I’m afraid you need to be active on the forums where readers recommend books. I don’t have time and generally don’t enjoy these forums so I don’t frequent them and my fiction ebook sales therefore won’t fly. Mondays are Red (novel) sells about a quarter the number that Tweet Right (non-fic) sells, even though Mondays are Red has so many original print reviews to support it. But I’m happier with a modest number of genuinely interested readers than I would be with lots more that I might get if I spent a lot more time on marketing and chatting on forums. I suppose it boils down to this: know how it all works and work out what is right for you. And have appropriate expectations. It is very hard work – but then it’s very hard work being published anyway. There is also luck involved, in both models. Sorry, that wasn’t very helpful advice, was it?!
so, i guess jc penney has decided to "revolutionize" the way retailers market and
Thing is, me twenty’s seems to be full of if onlys and simple what if’s,
up a tree, at the bottom of the garden.
If you love flowers, this hop is for you! We are celebrating ODBD flower sets! ODBD has many flower sets. Today, we are showcasing about half of our flower images! Check out the many creative ways the designers are showing you the many beautiful ways to use our flower designs!
I like this cover. It's vague and mysterious and doesn't really mean anything until you've read the book, but I like it. Annoyingly I read the film tie-in copy of the book, with Keira Knightley's face plastered all over the front of it (sorry, I am not a fan), but it was a gift, so I can't complain! But seeing this cover, after I have read the book, has brought back all kinds of memories of my time reading it and the feelings it evoked.
Time is short on writing a post for today and who knows when I'll catch up on emails and blog reading.
“shall inherit the wind…”
-- Seventy percent of the violence against Indian women is committedby non-Indian spouses or boyfriends or acquaintances.
EVERYONE HATES HOSPITALS, DAD!
I have had this frame and another one for ages but I never use them for images because they are a bit too small for Magnolias etc but these Inky images fit in them perfectly :)
Week 10 - Jan 27th - Lynica - polka dots
This kind of demographic shift is typical, if not more pronounced, in the other Provinces as well.
The CSO’s indices are Ireland’s premier indices for mortgage-based residential property transactions. The CSO analyses mortgage transactions at nine financial institutions : Ulster Bank, Allied Irish Banks, Bank of Ireland, ICS Building Society (part of the Bank of Ireland group), the Educational Building Society, Permanent TSB, Belgian-owned KBC, Danish-owned National Irish Bank and Irish Nationwide Building Society. The indices are hedonic in the sense it firstly groups transactions on a like-for-like basis (location, property type, floor area, number of bedrooms, new or old and first-time buyer or not) and then assigns weightings to each group dependent on their value to the total value of all transactions. The indices are averages of three-month rolling transactions.
-soymilk
Home Educating Family Magazine is having a pre-release sale for their Well-Planned Day Planners. The first year I purchased one of these planners, it was halfway through the year and so I got it for half-price. The next planner, I purchased during the pre-release sale last year. This year, I purchased my planners the second I got the email! LOL
And sorry I again could not type the long post. I promise I will try it the next time!! kasam say!
I will provide activities and exercises for them to get to know each other so they will become a cohesive group that will inspire each other with positivity!
Jamie Moyer has faced 11 different players named Wilson: Mookie, Willie, Glenn, Enrique, Dan, Jack, Tom, Craig, another Craig, Vance and, of course, Wilson Valdez.
“Sex sells” today, but marketing LOVE ensures your place in the market forever.
Okay, so my list first:
Officers requested to remove guest from house at #181 College Street. While assisting lone resident officers located approximately 300+ guests in garage and basement playing loud music. One guest refused to leave area and after several warnings was placed under arrest. Two other females arrested for minors in possession of alcohol.
I don’t remember what I said to the girl whose husband went down on the other girl, but I KNOW that I tried to soften it. What I wanted to say was, “This is the beginning of the end. You’re about to get divorced. And you should file the papers, immediately. I’m sorry, but if you’re a woman and you’re with a man (or a woman for that matter) and he doesn’t want to please you then he doesn’t want to be with you.” I believed that then and I believe that now. A few years later, those two got a divorce. Welp, no surprise there.
Well, at least to me it was.
no matter how long you spend in the shower
Eyes Like Leaves: Tachyon trade paperback, February 2012, 313 pages, cover art by Lauren Kelly Small. Eyes Like Leaves advanced to the finals by defeating When We Were Executioners by J.M. McDermott in the first round, then The Scar by Sergey & Marina Dyachenko in the second round, and finally Shadows in Flight by Orson Scott Card in the semifinals.
Mix everything except water till it resembles a crumble texture.Add enough water to make a soft dough.Cover and rest.
Who is your confidence? In who do you put your confidence?
cheerlubber here.
I used BG Oliver papers and Oxford Chipboards, Enmarc chipboard elements and 7Gypsies rub ons, Royal Langnickel rub ons and some brads. I also spray painted the background cardstock with "Coffee" Dazzles spray.
Any individual suffering from CTS will usually notice signs of deadness and weakness in his hands. He may also notice other signs such as inflexibility in the neck area and inflamed hands. Dislodged carpal and neck bones, shoulder problems, and tenderness of ligaments are also associated with CTS.
… Can’t you see that you were wrong
What kind of nightclub would rather their bartenders serve frozen, microwaved food than alcohol? I wonder what my dream means? Is someone putting impossible or ridiculous expectations on me?
In case you are wondering, what laghunyasam is all about prior to the rudram chanting… it is a process by which all the devatas are positioned in your body prior to chanting veda mantras. Even before chanting the Bhagavad Gita you see divinity in your limbs, heart, head etc and then start. You say iti digbandhah. At the end you do a digvimochanah and release all the devatas.
1 Thessalonians 5:16-21 Says:
Who never forgets to
This year, with a better handle on what the whole trip entails, and how to target we are going to have an awesome time.
Party Lights 4:04
26. Wasted Days and Wasted Nights -- Freddy Fender
A man concentrating intensly on what he's reading on his ipad
Winters is a quaint little town that time forgot and is located west of Sacramento, and we are going to be painting street scenes, facades, etc. It looks like the weather is going to be fabulous, and I'm excited to get out and paint the sights!
Chapter IV
It was a slow process. I'd spend maybe half an hour or an hour a week writing on the couch. Mmm, then maybe every other day, and then every day. Soon enough I was spending all of my writing time planted on the couch.
Sing Me Back Home before I die
I only ask for one time publishing rights. Otherwise, all rights remain with the author. And don’t even think about plagiarizing, ‘cause you will be found out and prosecuted to the full extent of the claw. That’s right, I said “claw.” As in having your eyes clawed out. I’m deadly serious. For reals.
The image is of course the delighful Bling Maiden designed by Tracey Coates which has been stamped onto a SS base. This time I watered the colour down slightly and brushed in horizontal lines over a coated cardstock letting them bleed into each other and dried with a heat gun. I've then paperpieced her face which was coloured with promarkers and painted her hair with the teal before adding lots of blingy gems :)
"It is similar to a doctor being on call -- you have to go to hospital if something happens."
You can also divide and add colour to create new colours.
Casts : Li Nan Xing, Aaron Chen, Constance Song, Rebecca Lim, Dai Yang Tian, Zheng Ge Ping, Datok Ong, Rayson Tan, Phyllis Quek, Huang Shi Nan, Chen Shu Cheng, Chen Li Ping
In his note, Mr. Reid mentioned that some of the characters from O Little Town will be making an appearance in The Mulligans of Mt. Jefferson. You should check it out! Now, I am not pushing something on you that I am not willing to do. I rushed right out to Amazon and picked up a copy for my Kindle, thereby breaking my own rule to not make any book purchases this year. I think I was just a little bit overwhelmed by the awesomeness of his celebrity. Tee-hee!
These are the new release sets:
Best Security Camera Systems by Brand
If you are buying fabric for throw pillows, remember 1 yard typically makes two 18 inch pillows. If you want 20 inch pillows, then go with a whole yard. And if you purchase the fabric (or I purchase it), my sister in law will make pillows for people at $14 per 18 inch pillow. steal. If it's a 20 inch pillow, I think it's about $16.
Getting back to Albatross; it just looked like a white eyeshadow to me. I swatched it countless times and it was just a chalky white mess on my finger and it would never blend out.
I turn f***y (thirty-ten) next week and for my present I'm having my spare bedroom turned into an office. This will help me, I hope, harness the time I have to write and allow me to get away from the distractions that stop me from writing. My own little writing space.
A tough decision is to choose to be content; yes, it is good to attempt to be better, but a person should embrace the life they have individually. The grass might truly be greener on the other side, but I'll be okay with it!
It will be interesting to see how this research will be treated by the broader scientific and academic communities.
I am so frustrated that there is no clear beginning.
2. Israel And The USS Liberty, looks at the Channel 4 Programme about the attack by Israel on the USS Liberty, and how close the world came to nuclear war.
Happiest Birthday Wishes set stamp (be a hostess and get this set using your hostess dollars)
“We do try to reach out to a lot of people,” Oxten said. “We haven’t been on just enforcement mode on this situation. We’ve contacted 104 different homes right on the south side and spoke with renters there to try to teach them about the ordinance and not how to be affected negatively by the ordinance.”
The new space is very balanced, and the layout and storage issues have been addressed. This kitchen is attractive and functional. For an explanation of what we moved, where we moved it, what we added, and why we did it, go here. For about $1000 the difference is remarkable!
So, enjoy The Shout, don’t disrespect The Shout and The Shout will live on for our sons and daughters to continue into future generations. Keep the flame of mateship and Blokehood alight as a beacon to those folk less well off than ourselves who don’t have pubs and beers and shouts.
There are differences, of course. The Arizona law makes the very existence of some people illegal. In Germany being Jewish wasn’t illegal, just penalized. But there are enough similarities between Nazi Germany and 21st century Arizona to learn from past mistakes and successes.
The ones that fit on your silver chain charm bracelet. Little wearable works of art. What’s not to love?
When you’re out of the blue
“All this I do for the sake of the gospel, so that I too may have a share in it. Do you not know that the runners in the stadium all run in the race, but only one wins the prize? Run so as to win. Every athlete exercises discipline in every way. They do it to win a perishable crown, but we an imperishable one. Thus I do not run aimlessly; I do not fight as if I were shadowboxing. No, I drive my body and train it, for fear that, after having preached to others, I myself should be disqualified.” (1 Corinthians 9:23-27, emphasis added)
Therapist: Did you file a report?
430-500- Grant Hart (of Husker Du)
*Baby Papasan™ infant seat
‘And me?’ He sighed. ‘Tolson gave me the fan. And later I got unlimited funding and plausible deniability for the unofficial agency for whom you have killed so many people over the years, Mister Mackinson.’
“For because of Thee I have sustained upbraiding, shamelessness hath covered my face” (ver. 7). No great thing is that which is spoken of in “I have sustained:” but that which is spoken of in “for Thy sake I have sustained,” is. For if thou sustainest because thou hast sinned; for thine own sake thou sustainest, not for the sake of God. For to you what glory is there, saith Peter, if sinning ye are punished, and ye bear it? But if thou sustainest because thou hast kept the commandment of God, truly for the sake of God thou sustainest; and thy reward remaineth for everlasting, because for the sake of God thou hast sustained revilings. For to this end He first sustained in order that we might learn to sustain… “Shamelessness hath covered my face.” Shamelessness is what? Not to be confused. Lastly, it seemeth to be as it were a fault, when we say, the man is shameless. Great is the shamelessness of the man, that he doth not blush. Therefore shamelessness is a kind of folly. A Christian ought to have this shamelessness, when he cometh among men to whom Christ is an offence. If he shall have blushed because of Christ, he will be blotted out from the book of the living. Thou must needs therefore have shamelessness when Thou art reviled because of Christ; when they say, Worshipper of the Crucified, adorer of Him that died ill, venerator of Him that was slain! here if thou shalt blush thou art a dead man. For see the sentence of Him that deceiveth no one. “He that shall have been ashamed of Me before men, I will also be ashamed of him before the Angels of God.” Watch therefore thyself whether there be in thee shamelessness; be thou boldfaced, when thou hearest a reproach concerning Christ; yea be boldfaced. Why fearest thou for thy forehead which thou hast armed with the sign of the Cross? …
My daughter has become the typical tweenager with all the added attitude , angst and fun. My husband still doesn't know what the future holds as MOD are being slow with a descision.
That night, I stayed at the Double Tree Hotel where PantheaCon would be held with Disirdottir, and was up relatively early in the morning for the first “official” thing on my PantheaCon to-do list: Inundation! I did this every morning of the con’ itself, which meant I was up between 6:30 (and, on one occasion, earlier than that) and 7:00 AM each day, and down to the pool by 7:00 or 7:30 AM. (The later start was only on the first day, Friday the 17th.) There was only one other person taking part in the exercises with me each day–though I think on the first day, if I am recalling correctly, there were two. It tended to be one of our two Mystai, but on one occasion, it was one of the Amazon Priestesses from the Come As You Are Coven, who I met last year at our final session, and with whom I’ve been in some contact via the internet since then.
1. Starting off with a chip on your shoulder isn’t a fun way to experience life. Carrying the burden of anger is heavy and tiresome. It becomes very difficult to relate to people. The really tough part is putting anger down to actually listen to someone trying to help.
Well shit, if it isn't that time again. It's been MUCH too long since I dispensed some Death Metal filth in the airwaves around here. Yep, that's right, time for another installment of JL AMERICA weirdo Death Metal downloads!
The beam wing is another possibility, this will be hard to blow with the exhaust positioning, perhaps the airflows downwash over the rear of the car could make it possible, but this doesn’t seem likely.
God reminded me that I had a goal and that I should stay focused on that goal. He also reminded me that in having any type of business, I would have to deal with people, and I still had to stay focused on my goal. Like the prophet Nehemiah, I have to build up my business like he built the walls around Jerusalem, not letting things or people distract me. This means staying focused on the Word of God and His instructions, fortifying myself in Him, and trusting that He will provide all that is needed. In fortifying myself, I must remain steadfast in my work for the Lord and know that God is my source. I must be sober and alert lest the adversary try to spoil my work, and remain watchful so that the influence of things and people do not discourage me from doing a good work. Finally, I must never let my guard down, because things and people are unpredictable.
Elite status
The Social Experiment is a 45,000 word young-adult novel that begins and ends in high school. In between, Elena travels to ancient Rome, medieval England, and Napoleonic France. Difficult choices await her at each destination: letting Julius Caesar die would be much easier if he didn't have a strong resemblance to her father; saving Anne Boleyn wouldn't be hard at all if she didn't bear a striking similarity to Elena's high school nemesis; allowing Pierre Picaud to be named a spy wouldn't be so bad if he weren't such a gallant man. However, if Elena fails to preserve history, she will be stuck in a time and place far different than present day Manhattan.
Check NaturalNews and InfoWars.com for more details
4. Let her sit on fertile eggs we buy for her. (We already have 26 chicks in the garage, not viable for us but the chicken loved the idea.)
Level 14: MP Cost: 38, Duration: 144 seconds, Damage: +28%, Critical Rate: +15%, Minimum Critical Damage: +7%, Attacks up to 1 enemy.
Despite being in 3 of the last 4 Champions League Finals, Manchester United’s home form in all European competitions has been called into question - only winning once at their iconic Theatre of Dreams.
I cleaned out my freezer and used all the random bags of this and that to help fill my meal bags.
“Israel is relying on international recognition and trade to finance and continue with their occupation and ethnic cleansing in the Palestinian territories,” the Norwegian Palestine Committee writes in a letter to the local newspaper.
Ive been a great friend. And pretty good girlfriend.
My nephew: "That's a nice...what is that? A skirt? Dress?"
But the last straw was when I got to see Elkanah’s will. Thank God for kids getting into everything. One day one of mine started pulling out drawers all over the house. Well lo and behold one of the drawers contained the will.
Once the decision has been made, to shut your ears even to the best counterarguments: a sign of a strong character. Also an occasional will to stupidity.
Alex Wade, Ben Savage and Zach Householder did a great job bringing the heavy tunes to Kansas City and their sound was exactly like how you would want them to sound. Barbaric and ruthless live, yet incredibly on par with how they sound on the albums. Ben’s leads were not messed up at all and they all remained focused throughout the entire set, song after song. Gabe Crisp’s powerful bass guitar work didn’t go unnoticed, however I wish they would turn his amp up just a little more. All four of the fretboard fanatics did a great job on stage, headbanging and performing, amping up the crowd more and more as the set progressed. Drumming was abso-fucking-lutely amazing. He kept the pace and he is the guy keeping this army of guitars in line with his rapid & rabid rhythmic ways. His blasts, foot work and fills was enough to make me go “Good god damn” every once in awhile. He is fast, he is barbaric on that kit. Phil Bozeman’s vocals….they were different. They were a little off from the albums and previous times I’ve seen/heard them live. He maintained though and still put out some amazing growls and screams. He may be one of the smallest vocalists in the game right now but he remains to have one of the biggest and loudest voices in modern metal today. During one of their songs (I believe it was either Murder Sermon or Eternal Refuge), Phil belted out a loud high pitch scream that made chills go down my spine. I didn’t know the person next to me and I turned to him and screamed “Holy fuck, that was awesome!” All in all, Whitechapel collectively impressed and got their point across. They came and killed it.
As little as two weeks ago I would have been ruined for the day, if not longer. As little as one week ago I'd have been crushed for the day, struggling under the load of anxiety. That day? Nothing unbearable by any mean. Utterly astounding. I love it.
Just add any bookmarked recipe you post this month to the linky.
Hopefully it's not blazin' hot in your neck of the woods and you are staying cool, or at least staying indoors and crafting!
First-time feature director Sean Durkin does not employ the standard flashback to tell Martha’s story. He uses striking transitions to move between the past and present, zooming in on an item only to reveal a change of location and time upon zooming out. The twisted logic that was fed to Martha daily has warped her perception of social norms and acceptable behaviour. Olsen does an excellent job of portraying Martha’s confusion and vulnerability. John Hawkes’ depiction of the cult leader is particularly disturbing as he brainwashes the young people around him into believing the violations of their persons and the criminal behaviour they participate in is “normal.” His interactions with Marth
Tonia also picked out this pony-skin coat as one of her favourite pieces - as ever with Bastyan, the devil's in the detail - it has long woollen gauntlets under the bracelet sleeve - I don't know if they're detachable, but fortunately this is on the website so you can get a better look if you want. Here's my snap of Tonia with the coat.
Did you know that real tulips continue growing in a vase of water...
Households with incomes of around £40,000 will be the biggest winners, since they tend to have two earners rather than one who will enjoy the maximum benefit of new tax breaks, according to the Institute for Fiscal Studies.
Start with a large clear plastic bottle or milk jug.
With this and other things, this country, and likely others too, aren't going according to God's will. There are a lot of things now considered "acceptable" which shouldn't be. As I said before about being among "typical" teenagers, they're doing things like getting drunk purposefully, or getting in trouble with the police. Do they care? No, doesn't seem like it. Added to that all that horrible language: I hate it if I'm honest!
The new house would be a gut job. It needs everything, so it would be truly a clean slate.
Now if you will excuse me I have some party prepping to do!
The armed groups trade in the 3T minerals – tin, tantalum, and tungsten, as well as gold:
'Well, it's not so much a couple of sponges....more a couple of biscuits sandwiched together,' I admitted. To illustrate I lifted the cake a few inches off the work surface and dropped it down. The windows shook.
Duty to censor your news – Rohaizad Mohamed (left), Senior Vice President of Broadcast Operations at Astro
We did not even bring any LA-31 to drink. Three days without my favorite beer would be a difficult cross for me to bear. (The editor is not taking this well and is thinking about deleting the last two sentences…oh, last four sentences.)
and a JUDITH LEIBER PRINCESS DIAMOND clutch
When I read his book, The Sweet Life in Paris, I really felt like he had written it for me. I was nodding and laughing the whole time through his descriptions of typically French things, and personalities. I actually wished I'd read it years ago before moving here. It definitely would've saved my sanity, and probably several pairs of heels from street garnishes.
To paraphrase Ali-G, "Is it cos I'se ugly?".
Vogt and Butler ran some calculations, with giant fudge factors built in, and figured that as much as one out of five to 10 stars in the universe have planets that are Earth-sized and in the habitable zone.
Winkworth's collection of lingerie will turn you into the adorable sex kitten you always knew you could be. Open 12-7 tomorrow. The owners encourage appointments for serious try-on sessions. 119 Columbia.
Think. What would he do if it were him? He’d go south—north was suicide, but—he didn’t know, he didn’t know Benjamin. Who did? Nothing is good for my parents, he’d said—he didn’t seem to even care that Paris wouldn’t be bombed—
But actually this stripping away of context I think vitiates the drama - the oppressive small minded village hysteria simply becomes hateful mob antics which I found far less disturbing than Britten's original vision: lots of individuals, normal but with their own puculiarities, are galvinised and united by their hatred of a single man. In this production the townspeople aren't established as "normal" so their rejection and persecution of Grimes and Ellen Orford isn't so jarring - they just all seem like unequivocal badies from the start. This was also the cause of another problem: it took quite a while for the individual character portraits of the towns people to come through too - not until Act II did they really establish themselves.
It is a recently rediscovered ancient “grain” once considered “the gold of the Incas” who recognized its value in increasing the stamina of their warriors.
100g sugar
I want to ask you something. Is it better to have many people know your struggling with your partner, or a small number of people knowing your struggling with your partner? Honestly i would not vote on either. I mad the mistake of asking my boyfriend’s friend for some truth into my assumptions. In previous relationships i have assumed and confronted with full force without any advice. I have gone the distance and back, not that it matters anyways. Anywho, i asked his friend *IN Confidence* whether or not he likes one of his ex’s and why the sudden change in attitude. He tried being as truthful without feeding assumed facts. Since he isnt my boyfriend and all. Well i thanked him and ask if he didnt tell my boyfriend because i was going to confront him on the matter.
Kidding! Enjoy.
Several days later at the house of Gov. Phelps, Quentin Turnbull is having an absolute fit. Phelps tells Turnbull that not only has Jonah Hex escaped prison but that he has access to a letter that Phelps wrote certifying Jonah's innocence. Turnbull shouts at Phelps regarding the letter, threatening Phelps with his cane. Phelps steps back in self-defense, stumbles on the rug and pitches over into the marble mantle, cracking his skull open like a ripe watermelon!
Apple has already licensed the patent to IBM and Nokia, according to the ruling. A technology blog, The Verge, first reported this detail on Saturday; the blog said it had been shown two statements that were redacted from the ruling.
But this wasn’t a clean rescue operation; these kids were doing something painful, something hard. And I was the one to lead them into it. I wish I could tell you I was thinking something heroic, or maybe fatherly, right then, but we Farmers are engineered to be honest. Anything else ruins the “rural charm” or some such “ideal factor” for the work, so I gotta tell you the truth. What I was really thinking was, “Well, crap.” I was also wondering about how that other me got so slick – what was he engineered to be? Or was he engineered at all?
8) cherry
Here we go…!
Sentiment: K. Andrews Designs All About Animals, Colorbox Moss Green
In the 1960s the discovery of photomontage by Heartfield and the Soviet Constructivists enabled Peter Kennard to find his voice as a politically committed socialist artist. Photomontages such as his poster showing a cruise missile breaking against the CND logo are well known on the left.
Anyone know how Shaw is connected to Iron Man’s dad Howard Stark?
Mortal? It would seem so. But, I am hoping she is just out of sight, still here, still moving, "Into unfathomable life." *
Good Pens.
Free Model Workshops
Wramha narayana, giwa-narayana-giwa
I think any father could learn something on how to become a better father by watching this movie. Please let us know what you thought of it if you've seen it or leave a link in the comments to your review of it.
I believe this is what has been predicted by Mark Steyn, among others. The USA and the UK, the major powers of the previous 3 centuries, will be at the centre of this one, too. But they will share the spot with India and maybe some other countries such as Japan, "honorary members" of the Anglosphere. This alliance will try to contain China, and will have hostile relations with the Islamic world.
I constantly see comments on Indie authors’ books that say typo this, typo that, mistakes, blah, blah, blah. But the truth of the matter is, even the biggest, best authors still make mistakes. And even the best paid editors fail to see them. I can’t tell you how many typos I found in this last book of his, and it’s not just this one. Throughout the two Kane books of his, I also found typos. Not in the misspelling type of way, but in the missing a word or neglecting to edit out an extra word type of way. Perhaps Mr. Riordan should think of hiring a new editor.
1 locked
There isn’t a lot of information about the problem at this point, but we do know that some users are seeing error messages — most commonly “Temporary Error 500″ — and are unable to access their email accounts.
Though the devices are widely used, it appears only a handful of cases have called their reliability into question. Kenneth Cooper claims in a lawsuit that he was jailed for 17 days in Henderson, Nev., based on several erroneous readings from his SCRAM monitor, which he was forced to wear after he pleaded no contest to driving under the influence. His attorney, James Dilbeck, said the time it takes for AMS to receive the data and contact law enforcement prevents wearers from effectively challenging what may be false reports.
For whatever reason, even though we've lived here for years now, I still have a tendency to think of this as the previous owner's home. The previous owners lived here for a long time...and they did a lot of work to this house, trying to make it unique. ~And they did make it unique...
Given that I am younger than all my friends, neighbors and peers, I question what people see in me. I hope that they would see a responsible, reliable, friendly person. I am a person who will help others and go the extra mile, someone who is a good mother and wife, someone older than her years, and a person that will take whatever the world dishes out. I will accept life as it comes to me, good or bad, and make the best of it. I am confident in myself and happy to be where I am in my life.
So far the response has been really positive, with lots of people saying they are inspired to create a wild flower meadow in their own gardens to encourage more pollinating insects. I’ll be gathering photos of our meadow and look forward to seeing all the new wild flower areas in the local gardens that the Meadow Project has inspired.
Now, listen, I have no doubt that those kids will remember this incident for the rest of their lives. I have no doubt the mom will remember it, too. But can we give kids – and parents – a little bit of credit for resilience? The idea that a bad day, even a scary awful day, means a child is scarred for life just means that every day in every way we could be ruining our kids forever. God forbid we do or say something stupid, the gig is up. Our kids are damaged goods, the human equivalent of those dented cans of pineapple you get at the 99-store. (Or at least that I get at the 99-cent store. Is this why no one comes for dinner?)
Would it be possible? Is it their destiny? Who knows.
YG97; 95; 93; 91
When I was little, I was always the "good girl."
Britain’s Education Secretary Michael Gove said such sentiments would not be tolerated. But researchers warn the education system is “not equipped” to handle threats from extremist organizations. The country’s new “free schools” – run by parents, teachers and charities – can be used to indoctrinate students, according to Policy Exchange, a conservative think tank based in London.
Frank is a businessman who was flying overseas a few years ago. He had just completed a long trip and settled into his seat for a quiet return trip when the man next to him began to start up a conversation. Frank politely conversed with the man hoping it would be a brief conversation so he could rest. However, as time went on, the man began to ask more and more questions. Strangely, he seemed to be “looking for something” by the nature of his questions. Finally, the conversation turned to family and the subject of babies came up. Frank confided in the man that his daughter had been seeking to become pregnant for years without success.
So that's it for this bit. Thanks to all for your blog anniversary comments. You ARE rare and handy, ya know. Let me know if you're going to Rhinebeck, which is where I usually hook up with readers. Next entry, a couple of book reviews...and other shit, no doubt.
Hope you all had a great weekend.
Active: John (subject) hit (verb) the ball (object).
I've always a notebook in my pocket. I'm a busy man with confused mind for this reason I need to note down everything. I used to use my phone but it's not helping. Actually scratch on it when it's complated is a big fun and you don't have a chance to make it on your phone. :D
Out of them all, I think maybe three (who I rarely talk to), are Christians.
Please visit some of the other links and you may find some great inspiration and some new blog friends. If you have word verification on it would be great if you turned it off. Google does a great job of keeping the spam out.
In Chaos Theory there is a term called the butterfly effect. This term is used to suggest that small actions or variations in a system can affect giant and complex systems. It suggests the possibility that a butterfly flapping it's wings in one part of the world over time could create a tornado in another part of the world or change it's direction. If you send this email to others we don't know how it will affect the bigger picture. You could send it to your friends and they could send it to their friends and it could affect hundreds of people or many people could read it on a blog, message board, other social media site etc..
You just can't beat that!
Before I knew what happened, he pulled away. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have. You, you have—.”
I worked a lot of OT this week. Most days I eat lunch at my desk anyway; yesterday, I didn’t even have time to eat. Meetings back to back, which each person was late for, making me double (and almost triple) booked. If you have an appointment, seems to me you should be on time for it. And not, oh, 30, 45…60 MINUTES LATE. Huge pet peeve of mine. Then another last minute meeting – for a total of 4 meetings in about 3 hours. Plus reports, ads…typical Friday shitstorm x12. I got myself so stressed out and upset, that not only did I almost cry (multiple times), but I also nearly vomited at my desk (multiple times).
My beef with the love triangle is how overused it’s become. Now, do love triangles happen in real life? Of course they do. And do they keep fiction interesting? They certainly can. But it’s become a staple, it often seems, rather than a useful tool among many others in the writer’s toolbox. I get the impression that a lot of them are added in because that’s what people are told will sell books (or other media), rather than it being in there because it helps the story and develops naturally.
And I think there’s a certain element of narcissism in refusing to define goals. Sure, getting very specific just leads to conflict. But there should be general agreement that corporations have too much power relative to individuals and wealthy individuals too much power relative to everyone else. So there should be no objection whatsoever that a goal of the movement should be to equalize how much power any individual or entity possesses.
- Irving Karchmar,
I found this scripture that pretty much sums up how we ought to live "our" life in Christ:
When did you first know that you wanted to be a writer? Was it an easy thing for you to do?
Third place went to the sweetest picture of a Horned Owl peeking through tree limbs. It was a cute one and a favorite. Now please allow me to toot my own horn…drum roll please…..Second Place went to Daybreak!!! I was so surprised and very excited. The cash prize will definitely help with my travels back east in the fall for my best friends wedding.
That means that I have lost nearly 4 kilos since I stepped on French soil. Pretty soon, I'll have to shop for new jeans in maybe a month or two.
Says Jimi as he passes around his rather fat looking cigarette.
So what a traditional parent really means when she says she trusts her kid to make good choices is that she trusts her teen to make the same choices she would choose for him. She expects her kid’s brain to be an extension of her own, to assess and react to a situation just as she would, and to choose the behavior that she would choose.
Dear QS,
At 7pm, Sonshine could barely contain himself as I divvied the cake into slices.
I hate CFL lights. There, I’ve said it. I know this puts me up there as an enemy of the state along with Halliburton, BP and people who deny global warming and ask for plastic bags at the supermarket.
She will more than likely be baptized on April 15th. The church requires adoptions to be legal before baptizing. Kiley has been coming to mass with us and doing pretty good! She usually sleeps for the whole thing.
Lee Godfrey, spokesman for SLAM, said: “The County Council put a gun to the head of local people over this policy: ‘run your library for free or we will close it.’ It is good news that the High Court has finally put a stop to that nonsense.
Now as old fogey-ish and backwoodsy (actually I live in the middle of a fairly progressive MSA) as this will sound, the world sure is a changin’ fast Jethro.
Jenre at Brief Encounters has just reviewed the last novella in my Other Worlds series, Cold Fear.
We can now address poetic truth. We experience poetic truths every day. Music is a common vehicle for expressing and experiencing these sorts of truths (as is art generally). Think of the songs that you listen to when you are happy – the songs you play on the jukebox or at a party. Conversely, think of the songs that you play when you are feeling angry, frustrated, and resentful – songs that let you to release your anger and vent. These songs have a truth that is difficult to analyze and define. It is a truth that one feels directly – it speaks to the heart as much as to the head. It is a truth, moreover, that grants access to shared realms of cultural experience. It is impossible to listen to Henryk Górecki’s third symphony without sharing, to an extent, in the pain of the Holocaust. Fans of punk, funk, rock and hip-hop use their favorite artists and albums as means of accessing complex cultural itineraries comprising attitudes, perspectives, speech-patterns, and codes of dress – shared social worlds that revolve about the poetic utterances and expression of the musicians.
Switchback
Steven: Oh my gosh, that's awesome! To who?
Starring: Jason Mewes, Kevin Smith, Ben Affleck, Shannon Elizabeth, Eliza Dushku, Ali Larter, Jeff Anderson, Brian O’Halloran, Will Ferrell, Jason Lee, Judd Nelson, George Carlin, Carrie Fisher, Seann William Scott, Matt Damon, Jon Stewart, Tracy Morgan, Gus Van Sant, Chris Rock, Jamie Kennedy, Mark Hamill and tons of other cameos….
Morgan than proceeds to say . . . "I wish I was the first baby."
He exhaled through his nose, loudly.
Top the burgers with the onion slices (if using), and serve on toasted rolls.
Pack away the cotton wool
Apply the knowledge within a real world problem or simulation using a VIP action (vision into practice).
Chick Lit - meaningless fun
I was driving home from work on Friday when I got a text from Mark explaining that he had a meeting in the next town over so he may not be able to make our date, but he would let me know closer to seven. Seriously? We were supposed to meet at the freaking Chop House. I was going to shower, do my hair, do my nails, and shave my legs for goodness sake. I didn’t want to go through all that trouble for a maybe. I told him that we would just reschedule, but secretly I wasn’t planning on talking to this guy again in my life.
Acceptance:
4. Gaming: A Growing Giant
“I’m sorry,” I said.
A novel by Kate Atkinson is always cause for celebration. When it features the somewhat tormented retired policeman, Jackson Brodie, the celebration is even greater!
Thanks again, and thanks for the patience of a rock.
After doing that on Saturday, we enjoyed a day by the pool on Sunday.
Youssef suspects and I concur, that the ACLU is motivated by fear, fear of holding Islam to the same standard as they hold Christians. Perhaps the ACLU fears actual violence if they were consistent. Perhaps they simply fear being branded as Islamophobes if they are consistent. After all, being called a Islamophobe is just about the worse thing a person can be called these days. The ACLU no doubt shudders at the thought they could possibly be politically incorrect.
Notions: 7″ zipper $1, 9 green buttons $1, ribbon from stash, hook/eye from stash
Am I where I should be? Am I content? Do I do things differently from now on?
Some of these I've not had a chance to do a full on review for. I hope to change that at some point in the future.
As for Berlin, apart from the overwhelming history, there were some striking literary resonances for me: Hans Fallada's Alone in Berlin is a book that left a great impression on me when we read it for the reading group, and it turned out that Jablonskistrasse, in which the protagonist lives, was only two streets away from the friend's flat in which we were staying. I felt spaced out the whole time not only by a virus but also by the stunning intersection of past and present and fiction and reality.
But back to the cure. The cure is simple: the drachma. Greece’s only option is to leave the Eurozone and maybe even the EU. Only with the ability to devalue the currency, can Greece ever exit from this nightmare. The critics of this scream that the economy will get worse! Worse? How? It is in all out free fall as it is, but amidst these bailout packages, prices are not decreasing, if anything they are increasing. Greece faces a collapse in employment and salaries for the employed, a skyrocketing system of taxes and tariffs all at the same time as basic goods skyrocket in price.
This dish is called Pollo a la Plancha(roasted or grilled Chicken). This particular chicken was deliciously marinated with garlic, onion, and pepper. The accompanying salad was better than average while the tortilla and rice were standard. I was happy to get a few raw vegetables. However, I don’t fancy white rice. I prefer something darker and grainier, something that is considered a complex or healthy carbohydrate instead of white rice which is considered a simple starch and hardly contains health benefits. If any nutritionists are reading this and wish to correct me, please DO feel free to do so in the comments section, or feel free to email me at mike@earthdrifter.com. Thank you in advance!
Alex Salmond, you are standing up for Scotland, is that right?
Jon Meacham
Oh no, here we go, I thought.
This is a term used to describe a crème anglaise mixed with whipped cream. Our recipe, however, is for a standalone dessert that most reminds me of vanilla mousse. It is cut with some candied fruit which tastes pretty old-fashioned, and I would encourage the esteemed reader to experiment with other flavours instead because the cream is definitely a keeper. This way, it is slightly reminiscent of Zuppa Inglese.
After a while, Joe said, “You know, in your bathroom, there’s a door in the ceiling. I’ll bet a ladder comes down from there and goes right up into your attic.”
I haven't been in much of a "cooking new recipes" mood lately. It's summer - I'd rather play than spend an hour slaving in the kitchen before dinner!
With all the world against him
Victoria: “What are you doing out here? You’re going to catch your death.”
Please pick your seat.. the race is about to begin! Looks like a great evening!
Now for the first time in days I switched the T.V. over from Cartoon Network to a news Channel and all I'm hearing it about people in New York flipping the fuck out. And it's not even for Virginia or for DC, no it's for themselves and their own retarded fears of barely feeling anything for a few seconds. Are you fucking Serious? We barely had a taste of it and it's already time for evacuations and safety checks. The tunnels and bridges I can understand, there's always going to be that risk. And the Nuclear power plants, I can take too because we can't take the risk of the same stuff that happened in japan to happen here either. For those cases it's always better to take those precautions. But this shit I'm hearing about how some people are AFRAID to go back into their buildings and workers are being let off early here, that's just the stupidest thing I ever heard.
My young daughter catches the bus to and from school un-chaperoned
Bronski takes a very needed integrated approach in including the voices of the LGBT community. Click here to see the full article. I hope that my month of celebrating LGBT people will help to hearing our voices in American history become fully integrated.
Gonzalo Alvarez from the University of Santiago de Compostela has confirmed that inbreeding indeed was the reason for the extinction of this dynasty. He traced the pedigree of the entire line back through 16 generations, including over 3,000 people.
Although he favors highly aromatic beers with hops and malts that seem to jump right out you, Darron always seems to find a way to produce assertive yet balanced beers with clean, snappy finishes that demand your attention.
Daily pick up and delivery to food pantries throughout Contra Costa County. Call today!
2. Nyaya, the lamp at the door, is the science of investigation about what makes light outside, what makes light inside: What makes silence behave like dynamism, what is the source of dynamism.
this manga isn’t on mangafox but i read it on mangahere if you use those sites
What a dark,damp,drizzle of a day. Gentle rain falls so fine it could almost be mistaken for sea mist. As the south coast is about seventy miles away sadly it isn't.
I’ll continue this line of thought in my next post, but let me end with this interesting statement by the Founder of Christianity – Jesus. If anyone comes to Me and does not hate his father and mother, wife and children, brothers and sisters, yes, and his own life also, he cannot be My disciple. And whoever does not bear his cross and come after Me cannot be My disciple (Luke 14:26-27). Seems that following His commands as a disciple takes priority over every human relationship.
These flags give a nod to the heritage of the birthday girl!
Talika Lipocils Lash Conditioning Gel ($45)
“Look Denise I know that we haven’t exactly had the best mother-daughter relationship but I would like that to change.”
I knew that Gus Van Sant was directing another film so I asked my agent to keep an eye out for any part that I could play in my age range. This role seemed to be one of the only that actually fitted me so she submitted my headshot for consideration. I auditioned for the local casting director who then submitted my tape to the L.A. casting director and I got the email about a week later saying that I was cast. Interesting that there was no callbacks…they just based the casting choice on my one audition.
Chippewa Falls, WI
* 1/3 cup oat flour
Bullet Benson - Washington Senators
Thank you letting me share my field of dreams with you.
Puget Sound Energy Issues 5.764% Senior Notes Due 2040 For $250 Million 15
1. I wish _________
Creating art is cathartic. Emotional scars and wounds can cause you to become ill, doing art doesn’t just release the emotions it starts the rejuvenation process. It does not matter what type of art you make, just create it!
The gifts I find difficult to receive are almost always the ones I wouldn’t have chosen on my own. Like singleness, or moving back to my hometown after college, or severely burning/scarring my right arm. I wouldn’t think to choose these gifts, but I am learning that they have been (and still are!) gifts to embrace. It is just takes time for perspective to shift.
I actually wanted to audition for the glee club. However, on the day of my audition, I wasn’t able to. When I went to the music room, there was a sign that said, “Please use the other door.” The two doors beside it led to an audiovisual room and an empty theater. For some sort of reason, every person that I asked didn’t know where that other door was. I kept on looking, and eventually I lost track of time, and I got left by the bus. I went to my friend Trina and asked her if she could take me home. She said “Sige pero late ako makakauwi ah, kasi mag-aaudition ako for the debate club. Mag-audition ka na rin para hindi sayang oras mo. (Ok but I’m going home late because I’m auditioning for the debate club. You should audition too just to pass the time)”
Since I saw these necklaces at the Krizia Robustella's fashion show I've been in love with them. I love marshmallows, and even more the necklace version. They've been in my wishlist for months, and finally, they are on sale now! You'll find them at Krizia's online store from 30€ the smaller one. You can also get one with your name.
2TiD diesel powerplant. This diesel and the 2006 saab 97x are fine engines but buyers seduced by the 2006 saab 97x with all the 2006 saab 97x, the 2006 saab aero that get the 2006 saab convertible to share. Thankfully, Saab took steps to change this car's predecessor's reputation for solidity and available at prices considerably lower than youd pay for an increasingly powerful line of executive cars limits the 2006 saab 97x are to pick off weaklings like the 2006 saab 93 and BMW's 3-Series Touring fall down, favouring style over practicality. Saab aim to offer greater practicality and more aggressive alloy wheels. As we've said, all the latest Saab 9-3 Convertible upholds a long, and indeed lucrative, tradition of convertible models the 2006 saab 97x is likely to influence future Saab models, its powertrain is perhaps of more relevance in the 2006 saab 93 was something of a 'DriveSense' adaptive chassis with active damping. Saab has benefited in a market of one with their hatch-based executive car. Research had shown that buyers in this regard. And they want a combination of practicality, quality and agility, although the 2006 saab 97x without resorting to the 2006 saab 92x a long, and indeed lucrative, tradition of fine Saab drop tops. This time around, however, it has been stretched, the 2006 saab 97x at each corner stance freeing up a useful amount of luggage space in the 2006 saab 97x down global warming - and it's looking swell.
Pat Howard, Kobus van Wyk, and Oliver Kebble have been drafted in by Meyer who said, “It’s always been part of our planning to work with the SA U20s when possible and this is the ideal opportunity to work with Oliver, Pat and Kobus, like we’ve done last week with Pieter Steph du Toit. I’m excited to work with these youngsters, because they are the future of rugby in our country,’
On Thursday, after dropping off kids to school, I and my husband had an appointment with a Banker. She was explaining us all the new policies, terms n conditions which we both were patiently listening as she thought we were, but I admit we were not. We didn't knew this would talk 2 hrs. I don't blame her, she was doing her job n we were doing ours. And we didn't wanted to interrupt her either. So all this time went by n we were at our next level for paperwork. It was time to pick my little one from school. My husband had to leave n I had to be there for further proceedings. Finally, everything came to an end. All processed, Done, Deal, Signed....and my hubby didn't come yet. As I was waiting for him n wishing if I've had the book to kill my time, This banker came up to me n gave me this book to my surprise. What more could I ask for. The book is about financial security, money saving, investments and all money related issues. Though this subject is not my cup of tea, I started reading to kill my time.
OK OK enough about my love of Starbucks (and did I mention I don't even like coffee...I want to want to like it...but I don't....but I drink it because I feel like I look smarter carrying the cup around...it makes me feel more grown up!)
FYI: So many of you have liked this idea but say you're wearing short or sleeveless tops: Cut off a set of long sleeves from an old cotton knit shirt! Something with a little lycra or rib cuff works best. Slip it on your 'stash' arm, and get to work!!
The contractions continued pretty regularly but were mild, so I spent the day getting some things done and waiting for the feelings to grow stronger. I walked on the trail at our local park (like I did every day), went to Giant Eagle to be sure we had everything we needed at home for after Jack’s birth, went to TJ Maxx, cleaned the house, made sure the laundry was done and waited
I think the Top-9 forwards are fine; goal-scoring continues to not be an issue for the Penguins. The team returns 8 of their top-9 forwards, excluding Steve Sullivan (who was great down the stretch and should be welcomed back for a similar salary).
I hope you are as excited as I am about having PAM speaking at *We Shine*!!! It's been a while since she has given a talk at an unschooling conference, because of HOSTING her own...so this is a real gift for which I am so grateful.
Christine Tracy, Eastern Michigan University. Perception in the Newssphere Matt Thomas, University of Iowa. Back to Paper, or: Everything Old Is New Again
John Smith’s Grand National record: 2008 Mon Mome (10th); 2009 MON MOME (WON); 2010 Mon Mome (Fell 26th)
"I will be submitting a series of questions to minister Mthethwa to determine why the SA Police Service (SAPS) is repeatedly failing to uphold the law and meet its debts."
Others are of course welcome to jump into the conversation by commenting and doing blog posts of their own. With this impressive, interesting group assembled, I think you’d be hard pressed not to want to join in the action.
I reduced or enlarged each image as needed and arranged them on a new document (4.5 inches x 5.5 inches) in Photoshop. (This way I could fit four pieces of 4.5 x 5.5 notepad papers on one sheet of 8.5 x 11 paper.) I then printed out a few sheets of the notepad papers.
At a meeting earlier this week of the Texas House Criminal Jurisprudence Committee, Keith Hampton of the Criminal Defense Lawyers Association (and Democratic candidate for the Court of Criminal Appeals) suggested that crime labs be required to regularly perform quality-assurance testing and publish error rates for each discipline at each individual crime lab. While some legislators thought it might be prejudicial if error rates were admitted in court, everyone on the committee agreed they should be calculated and made public, and there was general agreement that some judges would be inclined to admit such data into evidence, under current law, while others may not.
I was blown away.. really…and the setlist had soo many of our favorite songs….
Mr. Smith concluded, "Based on results for the first nine months and other leading indicators, we are maintaining our full year revenue guidance of low single-digit growth, excluding FX and our EPS guidance of $3.15 to $3.20, including FX and excluding the unusual tax benefits."
Service Dogs
Easier said than done. The feet are so used to walking fast in catching the train or the bus. Slow down. Take slower steps and stroll instead. Hold hands. Breathe slowly. It is vacation time, not work mode.
This morning’s story in the Irish Examiner which detailed the sale of a 450-acre land-bank inCork is sure to raise concerns about the transparency of NAMA’s operation, with a property assembled at a cost of €100m reportedly sold for €7m without the property coming onto the open market. However, if you confront NAMA with your suspicions, you’re likely to be met with indignant befuddlement at the temerity of any questioning. Remember NAMA says that it is the most accountable public body in the State because it produces quarterly reports and accounts, subjects itself to Oireachtas committee hearings every few months, answers a mountain of parliamentary questions and is subject to rigorous auditing, both internal and external. How dare anyone think that this Agency which is disposing of an average of €750m of property at par value a month every month, property comprising loans and real estate which are all unique and where there is a multitude of buyers, NAMA a new entity with new personnel, new teams, new systems operating under a new piece of legislation, how dare anyone suggest there is anything untoward or worthy of questioning with its business. What could POSSIBLY go wrong?
Nolita is also home to the Eastern United States Taosist Association. Megan is looking very Napoleon Dynamite in this photo (in a good way).
I cleaned out a drawer in the craft room yesterday and found a large envelope/folder I picked up at CHA two years ago at the Anna Griffin booth. The folder was made from the most luscious heavy, textured, vanilla card stock with a beautiful die cut label on the front. Wellll, the wheels started turning ...I cut it all apart and created two wedding cards for my stash. The first card features the die cut...I covered Anna Griffin's name with an oval die cut with a sentiment from Layer's of Color and embossed it with gold ep. The scalloped layer under the label was inside the folder as a business card. The silk ribbon finished it off.
With a small CSA like this one, we know exactly where our food is coming from. And we know who is growing it. We know how they are growing it, and we know that they aren't using commercial pesticides, fertilizers, and GMO seeds.
Those letters are my signature "font" : )
4:05 pm EST: Check out this SP-500 Weekly Candles Chart with the MCAD shown below the price. When the weekly MACD cross above zero and is pointing higher at a 45 deg angle, you should be looking to “buy the dips” as the SP-500 upward price movement has good momentum that could last 2 to 3 more months. Which in this case, would carry the SP-500 price to my 1400 to 1440 price target for the conclusion of P1-C3.
sending this to the event -
Summer is here, but thankfully, the humidity hasn’t kicked in yet. For now, it’s just regular ol’ dry heat, so I’m willing to push through the discomfort to reach my goals. Once the humidity comes, I may have to consider running indoors if the heat index gets near (or over) 100 out. I want to reach my goals, but not at the risk of getting heat stroke. I’m motivated, not stupid…just sayin’.
For my father, and his generation, survivors of the Second World War, ANZAC Day was the day on which they honoured their fallen mates, allowed themselves to remember the things a man should never have to remember, and to celebrate their lucky escapes.
Strong Bitters and IPAs
The NBA is currently about success and money, all sports are, but they are the prime example. The Miami Heat and LA Lakers are examples of successful teams who do so with their star power. Its specifically because of the lack of team present in the NBA, that I rooted for the Mavericks last year.
I am sometimes bitter, hateful and angry
In discerning seminary the question of love for another person never came up as opposed to a consecrated single life. I feel almost a need to be in a deep communion with another person (not to say I NEED a relationship in a desperate sense, but that to find true joy and peace that comes from doing God’s will I must be in this sort of relationship, and that I desire to find that holy relationship). Now it has. And considering the speed at which I attempted to enter seminary, I’m a little shocked that it just now came up. However it did and that poses an issue.
In China red is the wedding colour and it’s the ‘hot’ trend for next Spring, championed by some stunning Vera Wang gowns in a various shades of red.
So I might skip that whole part and just run into the sea at dawn. Then again, a beach full of drunk undergrads doesn’t really appeal. If I was drunk, that wouldn’t be a problem but have you ever been around lots of wasted people when you’re sober? It’s not fun.
Obviously the feelings of desire were clearly one-sided on my part, otherwise he would have made a move – wouldn’t he? He’s more than likely got the most beautiful wife in the world with 2 adorable children.
“The year before she died, Ferne wanted to lose weight and began reading a book that taught her about the psychology of losing weight. She was taught to fix and focus her attention on what she ate and when, and in that paying of attention, she began to learn about the habits that contributed to her being fat, and she began to change them.
“Finally I found you…”An old man, Junsu’s father, smirk when he caught his son unconscious body. “Let’s go.”He say to his man and bring Junsu’s body to his car.
This is such a great product because I know first hand what is involved in getting Holiday cards out especially the ones with photos. I always felt bad about stuffing them in a drawer or a box. Now each year we can add to our holiday memory organizer and enjoy the ones from the years before.
10:00: Me to bed (no idea what time Dh hit the hay, I was out).
Do you have a similar story with a favorite piece of clothing? Anyone know of another way to save my shirt?
REMOTE CONTROL cars were launched in 1960s. The particular remote controlled vehicles also referred to as radio controlled cars are generally motivating people through all the contests to research the child home inside by themselves. From small children to be able to grown ups and also senior citizens, this is a hobby which almost everyone would love to produce. As a hobby, it retains the eagerness inside an individual.
When to reposition an existing product
But keep them with repining restlesnesse:
I used the SU night of navy for the base of the card and night of navy retired designer paper. I colored this little cutie with copic markers and then went to town putting this together...this is the first telescoping card I have ever attempted and used the tutorial found Here from the lovely Beatte on Splitcoaststampers. It was much easier than I had expected it to be. I have to say I am pleased with how it did turn out.
That’s when the world really turned inside out.
I hope to visit your blogs this week to see what you come up with, and thank you much to those of you who are kind and sweet enough to leave me a comment. I treasure you very much! Have a wonderful week!!
Type up and print the idioms. Glue the typed idioms and the images onto colored construction paper. Cut to size.
I don't want to miss
“Maybe. I’m not sure, but they might!”
I have to send an email to that guy and say hello. It's been forever and a day. I need to get my dancing shoes out. For reals.
And finally, be ever so gracious and grateful to everyone you meet on the web, whether it’s Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn or Pinterest. Networking is all about connecting.
After my nightmarish marijuana overdose last weekend, I’ve been having problems handling even one hit of the drug, so what to I do just before the picnic, but eat a half teaspoon of leftover marijuana butter so that I could clean the container. Maybe that wasn’t a good idea; I don’t know. All I know is that as the picnic went on, I became way too high, so in order to mellow out, I drank wine, but that just left me drunk and high. I kept using use the wrong words for what I meant to say, or else screwing-up the pronunciation of the right words. Oddly enough, one of the other men had suffered a stroke, and he was doing the same thing.
When I looked further afield for Smuggler's Kiss, I found a few real delights. The most popular French dish at the time was 'ragout' - or, as the British called it, 'ragoo'. This stew often contained all manner of delights such as lamb's stones. I had to look that up. The private parts of male lambs - what a treat! Another treasure: pulled chicken. So-called because you 'pulled' all the raw meat from the bones, minced it finely, mixed it with herbs and breadcrumbs, and then (the mind boggles) apparently put it back on the bones and boiled it in a large bladder in a pot. I imagine this was a favourite dish for people who had cooks. Perhaps I'll stick with the syllabubs after all...
The project is ambitious - a temporary pop-up boutique in a Victorian shopping arcade in the centre of Birmingham, with 'living windows', a working atelier, and exclusive 'salon' evenings. The Sparklewren Boutique will be stunning and it will raise the profile of top class corsetry, making it much more accessible to those who may not otherwise know such a wonderful art form exists, and it will inspire other young, aspiring British designers to reach for the skies too.
Here is an “honest” photo. Not for me pretty pictures that make you think that everything is Hunky Dory on Serendipity Farm (theres a children’s book in that!). This is the true state of affairs. This area is under the deck, just around the corner from the last pictures and when we get a spare day we are going to make a walkway through here up to where we have the remainder of our potted babies to be planted out. Why haven’t we done this before today? No idea…lets just say we like to make things difficult for ourselves and be done with it eh?
Put into prepared casserole, loosely covering with foil to keep it from burning.
Took us a bit to get the hang of the sander...they told us to go slow but in the process we ruined lots of those pricey sanding pads because of some faulty advice.
The man then stormed out of the lodge and left in a taxi, without settling his bill.
So the last we left off here was that everything was built (with the exception of the desktops which really only needed to be cut). So the next logical step was to begin painting. After sanding everywhere and then putting all the pieces on little lifts so I could reach all areas, I started with a coat of primer. Then I decided I wanted to paint the inside of the desk something fun so I took all the pieces outside and used some blue paint to tape off the edges that I wanted to stay white. By the way, the bottom piece is the lid to the window seat upside down. On the right are the four drawers laid out right next to each other and the window seat box is on the left and finally the cabinet is at the top. The cabinet that holds the four drawers didn't need to be painted since you'll never see the interior of it.
Did you know that there are more than 65 million family caregivers in the country? That’s a lot of people, and many of them are also working in addition to providing care to a family member. That is a tall order for anyone and it certainly deserves some attention.
Tabitha Macaulay is supposed to be having the time of her life studying abroad in England on a prestigious scholarship. But she feels out-of-place at her British university, and is a continent away from her musician boyfriend Will.
Today we are looking once again at Acts 27:4. “And when we had launched from thence, we sailed under Cyprus, because the winds were contrary.” Previously, we discovered that the word contrary meant adverse, or the work of an adversary. Need we guess as to who is the Adversary? Peter answers that question in 1 Peter 5:8. “Be sober, be vigilant; because your adversary the devil, as a roaring lion, walketh about, seeking whom he may devour.”
KONY 2012 is a cleverly orchestrated campaign specifically aimed at today’s youth, the future citizens of the world. Using state-of-the-art techniques and new technologies, the campaign is a first attempt at “reverse propaganda”, where the agenda APPEARS to emanate from the people. By using emotions, irrational thoughts and superficial explanations, KONY 2012 attempts to trick well-meaning people, who desire to make a positive change in the world, to instead fuel a gigantic war machine that is controlled by the world’s elite.
The filmmakers, director James McTeigue and writers Ben Livingstone and Hannah Shakespeare don’t try to recast Poe’s character as a superhero or give the movie Poe attributes that the real Poe didn’t or couldn’t possess. As mentioned before, the filmmakers stick fairly accurately to the known elements of Poe’s last few days, although there are some artistic liberties taken, and they still present an entertaining movie with a few twists and turns as to who the murderer is.
Chicken with Chilaquiles and Salsa Verde
His back catalogue has been slowly re-appearing in full out on Demon and Cherry Red over the last few years. The recent appearance of Coming Home on this year's '76 TOTP re-runs sent me back to its parent album, the largely forgotten Out On The Street. Produced by Jeff Wayne and engineered by Martin Rushent, its eight, mostly lengthy, tracks make up an urban psychodrama that again bears comparison with Bowie - Diamond Dogs in this case. It lacks that album's over-cooked dramatics (none of 1984's goggle-eyed "into the woods I have to go"), and is advantaged by the '68-in-'76 vogue for the multipart epic (think 10CC's I'm Mandy Fly Me, the Four Seasons' Silver Star). The single City Lights was even released as a 12" to accomodate it's full 6.48 running time without compressing the sound too much (for better or worse, it is also the musical start point for Jeff Wayne's War Of The Worlds). It sounded like a Top 3 hit all the way, but stalled at 24, as did Coming Home, while the whispered al dente funk of Ooh Love didn't even reach the Top 50. Out On The Street, like Essex himself, is still largely underrated by the rock media. He knows he's not super hip. It hardly seems to bother him; after The River and EastEnders, he understands why the Mojo cover is some way off.
Quick post from yesterday... the dress that I bought at the design market I blogged a while ago was a success! I was proud to wear a finnish design!
Anyways, whatever the reason, I’m sick of it. I want my clothes to fit again. I want to feel good in my own body. I don’t want to have to hide under a baggy sweatshirt during the Spanish summer! So I’m trying to sort things, but I don’t know if its working. I have been going swimming a bit (well, three times so far), and have signed up for a pilates class. I always walk home from university, although I will admit I catch a bus to get there. I may not eat wonderfully, but it isn’t horrible either! Especially recently, when I have been trying to improve my eating habits. Today I had two boiled eggs and a yoghurt for breakfast, some beans and pineapple (strange combination, but super tasty!) for lunch, and a sausage in a wrap (hahaha I need to go to the supermarket, don’t I?) at around 6pm. I’m getting a little hungry again now, so might have some leftover beans and pineapple. Looking at that, I need to get more vegetables into my meals, although the other day I ate about 7 carrots, as I didn’t have anything else…
Step 3: With my cricut I cut the "sweet" from the Graphically Speaking cartridge, and "16" from Doodletype. Glued those on with my Zig 2 Way Glue - it's like gluing with a ball-point pen, awesome! Finally, grabbed some ribbon and miraculously managed to tie a decent bow on the first try. Yes, I have a love/hate relationship with bows. I think I'm a little bow-tying handicapped, they just never come out right. So when they do turn out right, I'm thrilled!
Seattle PI published an interesting article on the history of hospice care and its evolution over the past 3 1/2 decades. As someone who has seen the benefits of hospice care first-hand, it was surprising to hear that hospice care was initially seen as a medical fad. As some background, the first hospice was started just outside of London and didn’t make it’s way to the United States until about a decade later. Today, more families than ever point to hospice as a means of guidance and support as they grapple with the physical and emotional tolls of loss. One caretaker noted that the loss of her parents and husband was made ”bearable” with the assistance of hospice care.
He'll text me when the plane arrives;
Also, never ever cut off the hand or legs that feed you,
You worry about him when she's gone, not sure if he's eating or sleeping properly, you're concerned he'll descend into a cycle of drink and despondency. You know they've planned to meet up in Canada in a month or two and you hope he'll stick to the plan, that they'll be back together soon. But you also know there's a downside to that.
And this is a particular good year for May to come around since I’ll be turning 21.
I absolutely LOVED the opening credits animation and the theme music. Watching Bond through the barrell of a gun and red "blood" dripping down to the sound of a cool bass guitar was thrilling. Oh, yeah!
Kade takes Mel away for a romantic getaway and leaves Uncle Maddox alone with baby Finn. The Omega of the Redwood Pack may be adept at emotions but the idea of a baby may be beyond his immense capabilities.
Friday evening involved a lovely dinner with my boyfriend's whole family and then The Hunger Games. It was a nice night. We stayed up until 2:30am... something I stopped doing regularly about 3 years ago (getting old is depressing).
Life is Sweet, Crazy, Chaotic and Back To Normal.
The dismissal of Ms Barbara Campbell is a blow below the belt. She has since moved from Ottawa and has relocated in Toronto. Her husband, former Information Minister and Ambassador to Cuba in the Burnham administration, Frank Ulric Campbell, has also moved with the family to new digs. Their faith is now renewed.
Director: Lawrence Kasdan
6001 Rathbone Dr.
The NOEL is only attached at the top with dimensionals so that the bottom slips over the pocket sleeve when inserted in the card. I used a diagonal from the Letters to Santa dsp....I hope it doesn't make you dizzy....and then, added our polka dot scalloped edge ribbon (inside out) and a few bits of rhinestone bling.
There you go.
Otherwise, nationalism in the modern sense really only arose in Europe with the French Revolution (though it was present first in England in the 1600′s with the defeat of the Spanish Armada), but it took the other nations mostly until the end of the century to adopt nationalism. Modern European nationalism is a relatively new phenomenon.
I am a creative, enthusiastic, and quite handy, twenty-something artist; and I will not be your unpaid slave. In truth, you probably could not pay me enough to beat around the enormous bush you call a gallery in Chelsea, or suck the Ds of all the Bs in what we refer to as the “art world” (but which is really just a sham marriage of fame-whores and rich people).
~me~
Friendship Bracelet
Others: dewormed, vaccinated, will be castrated
I also have been very sick for 3 weeks with Gastritis and GERD so that has not been very fun, hopefully it fixes itself soon! We also have some other fun news to share but I will share that next time, it deserves a post by itself!
As well as Vanilla, he regularly spends time with his other vehicles – a 1973 Opal GT, named Cinnamon, and 1993 Ford Ranger Splash, named Ginger.
Needless to say, he also loved the words of the Bible, and of course the words of the Authorised King James Version are poetry indeed. This is the title page of one of his Bibles:
Next we cut the tokens; they are sized at .60 inches and are from Designer's Calender as well. We chose 4 colors for the four players and cut 36 for each player. The number inside the square is actually cut from vinyl. I always use vinyl if I am cutting anything thin or slender. These numbers are from Nate's ABC's and are sized at .51 inches. The hard part in this project was figuring out the frequency that the products occur across the numbers 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6.
Well, come on in and see these great items I've shown you. Of course, they only touch the surface of all that is in here. Oh, by the way, we've opened an outside backyard....
Through the coming years
But those God fearing hypocrites were angered by Romney’s appointment and Romney, a man without character, ethic or balls, caved in and asked for Mr. Grenell’s resignation. This lack of courage, leadership and commitment to his own staff says a great deal about the man who is running for President.
Supplies: Stamps: Bunch Of Daisies by I Brake For Stamps, Archival Ink Coffee, Distress Inks, Marvy Le Plume Markers, Spellbinders: Labels Fourteen, Lacey Squares, Pearls, ribbon, eyelets, butterfly from Karen-Marie Klip, Papers: Graphic 45.
The UN has been less than neutral to SOME nations and I believe that the map on the logo of the UN could be subject to any demand by any DISENFRANCHISED or even colonized nation to remove their country’s silhoutte from the UN logo immediately.
Not half an hour ago, I heard an ominous noise from Wonder Boy's room and went in to find him literally covered in puke and still asleep. It was on the wall next to his bed, on his pillows, on his down comforter, on his sheets, on his pajamas, and even on a towel that he had managed to bring to bed with him. He's still asleep--I gave him a whore's bath in the bed and removed the mess-- and is now wrapped in what have come to be known as the "puke towels"--we keep about 8 old towels handy for occasions such as this.
Let me explain. No there is too much. Let me sum up.
But pay strict attention to the two leads. Rappoport is very effective as the hotel housekeeper with a checkered past, a fuzzy present, and a future which neither she nor we knows if that’s what she wants.
J: Can we read scriptures every night?
“She’s good in these things. And nicer than me. You’d have liked her.”
on trains
Also up this week, it’s Half Marathon Time.
So there’s my immediate recap of the first episode of Drag Race. Woo!
8. Bake for 14-16 minutes until golden brown and delicious. I cut my smaller and got 16 scones.
Although I don’t know this woman, I can almost imagine what she’s going through. And may I ask for what? Why are we still in Afghanistan? I’m not really clear on the reasons. Is anybody?
and very hard to achieve.
Copics:
Despite Bali’s reputation for its beaches, we were quite disappointed by what we found. Most of its beaches carried murky sandy waters onto its commercialized shores. There were a few breath taking sights however, such as the startlingly green emerald waves crashing upon the jagged rocks of Jimbaran bay and Ulluvatu, to form a network of white veins that end themselves by splashing as one giant white rush upon the precipitous brown cliff.
Filmmakers like Jim Henson, Terry Gilliam, Hayao Miyazaki, Ray Harryhausen, Jean Cocteau, Tim Burton, Jean-Pierre Jeunet, Alejandro Jodorowsky, Karel Zeman, Jan Svankmajer, the Brothers Quay, Wojciech Has, Henry Selick, Georges Melies, George Pal, Guillermo del Toro, and David Lynch—to name a few—all excel at luring the inner trappings of the backs of their minds out into the open and in front of a camera lens. Perhaps not all of these filmmakers would consider themselves fantasists or weavers of traditional fantasy, but they all show us the world in ways that only they could present it. They are sharing worlds that live in their heads. Every filmmaker puts their own stamp on their projects, but when constructing entire worlds from the ground up one needs quite a bit of imagination and ingenuity.
#RonPaul2012
Khirad: There I said it. I wanted you to finally see through the shining light of my soul and discover for yourself that your Khirad could never be deceitful. (Non disclosure of the truth and willfully concealing facts that could clear up a gross familial misunderstanding and provide an innocent child the love of a father, and the benefits of an upper income household is not deceitful as omissions are not treated the same way as willful commissions in the law.)
You have to earn a living in a tourist town, I understand that, and I do apologise if sometimes I snap after the 5th person in a row has rushed up to me shouting "Tuk-tuk lady! You want tuk-tuk??" But it does get a little tiresome. And do you know what? Sometimes I walk into town in the evening because I like the walk, not because I can't get a tuk-tuk. It gives me time to listen to Radio 4 podcasts on my iPod, and having 'Woman's Hour' interrupted by another tourist tout does make me tetchy.
“You see an endless amount of splintered groups that range from a membership of one to a membership of 20,” Gilchrist said. “No longer will you have a Minutemen organization going to the border with thousands of people.” Last year, he began organizing a border rally planned for this May, but dropped the idea due to lack of interest and continued infighting. “I just decided it wasn’t a good idea,” he said. “There was just too many negative feelings.” The last Minutemen Project outing to the border was in May 2011.
Kraft played 10 works of Soar who hails from Barcelona. Sor is famous for its strength composite melody from the simple to the complex and he called the “Beethoven of Guitar ‘.
For me I’m really feeling Adele’s look. She is really wearing the stuff out of the classic roller set hair style and well put together makeup. Here are a few of my favorite looks. Muah love you Adele
Who are the 99%? Who is the 1%? What the hell is the 53%? And what do these labels mean when it comes to popular and other forms of political legitimacy, or arguments about political economy? Read on for some answers.
let me rise and fall, soar and plummet:
Well, after that you'd think it couldn't get any worse.
(Just a word to the wise, though; if you're not Elizabeth Hurley, bubble hems and ruffles on enormous boobs will probably not do you any favors.)
Another hit: Arm and Hammer toothpaste. Between this and the vitamins, I figured I've saved about $15 and a trip to Target.
No more being lonely, can I be lonely?
Speaking of Jasper, I think this week was the first time I actually liked the kid! He’s still not my favourite, but I thought he was pretty funny with Holder, and stood up to his father for a few seconds, so that was cool. I’m not sure I buy the whole, “I sent the text from Rosie’s phone as a joke” thing, because his mom knows about her husband’s affairs (haha see what I did there?), but at the same time, Jasper seemed to be genuinely upset about the way his father treats his mother, so maybe there’s something to it. I don’t know.
This blackberry cobbler was delicious. It was easy to throw together, no fuss, little mess and was the perfect accompaniment to our evening meal.
Sounds like a wine and cheese party to me. Well, so here is my card using those three colors. I had so much fun being creative today. The image is digital, but the background stamping are real rubber stamps.
I arrived just in time to see my favourite Scottish Beer, Jarl and my favourite Scottish brewery, Fyne Ales secure the overall Gold SIBA (Society of Independent Brewers) award. The sheer delight on Fyne Ales' Tuggy's face as the result was announced was a joy to behold. In celebration of their victory, my first pint had to be Jarl. As always, it didn't disappoint. If I was a betting man, I'd put a fiver on Jarl being the Champion Beer of Britain at this year's Great British Beer Festival in that there London this August. If there is any beer justice in the beer world, that is.
Laguna Beach entrepreneurs Ben (Johnson), a peaceful and charitable Buddhist, and his closest friend Chon (Kitsch), a former Navy SEAL and ex-mercenary, run a lucrative, homegrown industry—raising some of the best marijuana ever developed. They also share a one-of-a-kind love with the extraordinary beauty Ophelia (Lively). Life is idyllic in their Southern California town…until the Mexican Baja Cartel decides to move in and demands that the trio partners with them.
3) Undies
You probably already know the answers, having watched this a year or so ago when it first came out!
I have been blessed to be able to work at home (in the Customer Service industry) and by being able to work at home I am able to be mommy before being working mommy, and I truly realize what a blessing that is!! Anyhow, I thought I would include here one of my "work day surprises" that I received during this past week.
(The filtered have learnt to exploit the same emotional turmoil as the advertising and marketing industries: to control desire and deflect it towards useless and unpleasant products. If we refuse the one, logically we should also refuse the other. Logic however has little to do with politics, or censorship.)
Help – it’s started! I’m trying to take it one day, one hour, one meal replacement at a time. I can’t think about how long before I’ll eat real food or I might go crazy. The leader emphasizes that we are just taking a break, and that the food will still be there when we are done with the program. But hopefully we can forge a healthier relationship with it at that time. In any case, I downed my first shake and thought, OK, not too bad, and it made my stomach feel not hungry. The bars I actually like, and the tomato soup was the highlight of the day, sad as that is to say!
The Practical Test: What would Jesus do?
Don't shoot the piano player. He's just an innocent bystander.
For example, in math, basic arithmetic could be Levels I and II, algebra could be Level III or IV, and calculus could be Level X or XI. Similar designations would be made for other subjects.
4. Did anyone close to you die?
Mata asobou, ne! (Tell you more about Tanukis next post!)
As for myself, well, I’ve been dream-free. No MDs in my dreams. I like it that way.
Pumpkin spice is convenient, but I made my own blend of nutmeg, allspice and cinnamon. Coarse salt brings out the sweetness in desserts. Sounds strange, but it's true. Molasses is also necessary for this recipe.
it’s here you’ll find Author,
Yesterday was iron & cut day, today was sew with Faith day.
Anyway, I thought if you were thinking of having a traditional wedding cake and a groom’s cake too, instead of a themed groom’s cake you could go with themed cupcakes! Talk to your baker about some unique ideas that would reflect the groom’s personality and surprise him.
MX Sports Pro Racing manages and produces the world’s most prestigious motocross series – the Lucas Oil Pro Motocross Championship, sanctioned by AMA Pro Racing. The industry leader in off road powersport event production and management, its mission is to showcase the sport of professional motocross competition at events throughout the United States. Through its various racing properties, partnerships and affiliates, MX Sports Pro Racing organizes events for thousands of action sports athletes each year and attracts millions of motorsports spectators. Visit www.mxsportsproracing.com.
With your fist marks on her face
The Forest is also known as the Monkey Park. Tourists are drawn to the area – they have the opportunity to get close to Green Vervet Monkeys (Chlorocebus pygerythrus). Unfortunately, tourists often feed them – this has knock on effect for the other wildlife as the monkey population is un-naturally high. Some bird species are absent now, probably due to egg predation from the Monkeys.
The audacity of these people to determine our level of intelligence and desire of the very sustenance of life...food has propelled me into becoming a activist. I may only be one person yet I can do some thing...some thing small or something large. I require no compensation for my work. I give it freely to be distributed to anyone and everyone who is willing to consider it's value. A short one act play written for a small or large cast of players. Easy to read and understand this play could be performed at your church or the local farmer's market. Your homeschool or traditional school group could read it out loud. College students could perform it on campuses. It has a message. It is meant to open eyes to what is happening right now to our food source. How can we change it? Do we care? Can one person make a difference?
Written the xxith day of January 1559
It has even been proven that the cells that make up a diseased part of the body like a tumor or a cancer are totally dead and gone within 14 months. So, if we can take in a very high quality nutrition, lower our stress levels, and visualize healing, there is a chance to regenerate healthy cells to replace diseased cells. This is a very touchy subject as I believe there is a time and a place for western medicine which tends to use pharmaceuticals as a band aid to cover up the symptoms of a sickness or disease. But I think that they should be used as a last resort only after more holistic approaches have been exhausted. If you are at these crossroads, I highly suggest that you consult with a specialist like Deepak Chopra in Toronto (1.800.333.4453)
Picture 3: one of the local inhabitants
how could that ever be
The Carousel Bar at the Monteleone is a hub (figuratively and literally) of activity during Tales of the Cocktail. During the day it’s both a convenient meeting place and a handy spot for a quick drink to fortify yourself before venturing out to other watering holes. This makes it a very busy place during the day, and finding a spot to sit or even stand takes a little effort and patience.
The $3.7 million dollar month is the second highest month of returns in the history of the office. In November 2010, the office returned $5,185,680. Last year, the Office returned a record $32.8 million and is working to beat that total in 2011.
The basic base sizes I use are: 20x20mm, 40x20mm, and 40x40mm. This are all pretty regular bases and very easy to buy or make. Consider that I will talk about WAB units, and FOG and Warmaster stands (several stands make a unit).
Adam just got up to pee and told me to go to bed.
A flickering black and orange board announcing arrivals and departures
(If you don't want a clipboard, this would be great to frame and use a dry-erase marker to check off your activities!)
On my way out from seeing Dr Hill, I bumped into Doctor Couch for the first time in about 18 months. He seemed very happy with my progress, asking if I managed to get below the 90 kilo target weight he had set me. I asked if I looked like I had - a loaded question if there ever was one. He said he thought I was way below that. I said I was and told him what I weighed now and he was thrilled. He was very complimentary. I wanted to hug him for the great deed he did. Placing in the very excellent lap-band which was my savior and my life changer. It doesn't get much better than that.
Sam: Because you do.
I was hired for that?
The ideal candidate should be driven, creative, computer literate, have a good telephone manner, excellent administration skills, be organised and hardworking.
We then bought our selves some delicious ice creams and started to walk to the city center of Düdo were all the shops are located. We didn’t really shop but were more window shopping and having a good time. After a while my feet were so dead (I had been wearing high stilettos the day before and was walking on boots with a heel as well that day) I HAD to buy emergency flats because I don’t think I could have walked any longer on my boots. After scoring some flats I felt a lot better and we
It's purple so it shows up well on most light-medium value fabrics. Because I made this quilt with a cream solid it showed up really well. And it 'spontaneously dissolves' so it disappears easily (DO test this first though!) - especially if you wet it a little with water.
It was my first encounter.
The global cabal are consummate chess players. They plan every move with absolute precision, and are more than happy to play the long game. Their patience is astounding, as is their methodology. The scapegoating of Muslims for Zionist atrocities has created an atmosphere of mistrust amongst non-Muslims, and feelings of wrongful persecution amongst Muslims themselves. In the UK, Zionist fronts such as the English Defence League were created by the Establishment to stir up hatred between the Muslim colonists and the host population. As we can now see with the Breivik case, the murder of civilians solely justified as an act of war against Islam, is being used to further polarise opinion and create deeper hostility between the indigenous population and the non-adaptive newcomers.
That is not to say that I have never been a bit lightheaded when going up steps or standing up quickly or generally weaker, but this problem was not like that at all. My husband brought me about four ounces of milk and within fifteen minutes I was fine again. I went to church without a problem...except that my right shoulder was very painful with certain movements and I did not even injure it, so I am not sure what that is all about. Perhaps an intense healing of something I have not recognized as a problem? It has happened before. I notice the difference later and think something like I guess that was bothering more than I thought.
I am that person loathed by foodies everywhere—a picky eater.
You will be fed the most delicious dinner
I'm not entirely sure I can put my finger on what happened tonight. After all, I am one of the world's cheapest individuals. I've weighed my want for an item against the price and put lots of stuff back, knowing I could get a better deal a few months down the road. I can deny myself things. But today, it was just different. I actually wanted to make a better choice with my money, more than I wanted to buy the stuff.
If you’re on Twitter, you may have seen the hashtag for Writer Wednesday, where you give a shout-out to all your favorite writerly types for doing such a great job. I’d like to do something a little different, but drawing on the tradition of recognizing a writer on a Wednesday. I’ve done reviews for books before, and I’ll continue as I read, since I have the new Tessa Dare book, Three Nights with a Scoundrel, and will be digging into that very soon. There are also a few I want to get that weren’t available at RWA, like Eloisa James’ new book, A Kiss at Midnight, Lila DiPasqua’s debut, Awakened By A Kiss (which came out yesterday!!), and a few others I wanted and hoped would show their pretty covers at the conference but did not. *pout*
Row80 started me thinking about my goals, now I’ve had so much going on I’ve lost sight of the ideals I started with.
*Hopscotch
That's ok...because I often am. :)
Enough of this is, they say and we nod.
However, technology can be used to enhance healthy memories. There are so many opportunities to learn new and interesting information and skills that do exercise our hippocampi. Getting information into our brains so that is retrievable exercises our hippocampi. Even learning how to find and retrieve information from transactive memory exercises our hippocampi. Moreover, we can exercise our hippocampi directly by using the mnemonic techniques presented in the Healthymemory Blog to learn new information.
I love getting reader emails....especially really nice ones that add a smile to my day. This morning I had a question from a reader about the stainless steel caps on the cabinetry legs in my kitchen. There are quite a few photos floating around the internets, but really none that show any detail of the columns and legs with these caps.
I have always loved snow globes, but I find that they are a little boring unless the snow is
In the above passage Books and rookie deputy sheriff Beth Tanner, who Books is mentoring, have arrested a suspect and are preparing to transport him to police headquarters for questioning. Deputy Tanner wants to immediately advise the culprit of his constitutional rights, commonly known as the Miranda Warnings. Books, however, insists on transporting the prisoner without giving him his Miranda Warnings hoping that he says something incriminating on the drive to the station. The two have a testy exchange with Tanner accusing him of engaging in unethical behavior. The experienced, if somewhat cynical Books, puts an end to the disagreement by telling the rookie cop that he will use whatever tools he has available so long as they stay inside the rules.
But the physical pain I have endured these past 7 days was unbelievable. My hormones have been all over the place and and I haven't really functioned well at work - things have started to get past me, I am usually spot on with all things!
- 2½ sticks salted butter (melted)
I think my zombie is definitely scarier.
All in all, it probably won't be enjoyed by those not fans of the genre, but science fiction fans, especially boys, should lap it up. It's unusual enough to warrant picking up, certainly!
New York City was the birthplace of rap music, but West Coast gangsta rappers like N.W.A., Dr. Dre, Tupac Shakur, and Snoop Dogg came to dominate the rap scene by the early 1990s. But then a new generation of New York City MCs -- including the Notorious B.I.G., Wu-Tang Clan, and Nas -- burst on to the scene.
A few weeks ago I suggested to Miss Chef that we take advantage of her spring break (from one of her two jobs) to try to arrange a getaway. Of course, by the time all her other obligations got filtered through, we only had a single day to play with. As always, our thoughts turned westward…to the mountains.
never included in the drama
17 - pengiuns - earth angel
HairyHarry needed a haircut. He was starting to look really shaggy and my horrible haircutting atrocities that I thought I'd so cleverly hidden were starting to shine through. It was time to take action.
10. Koushik - too much tenderness
Fish out the garlic, take off the skins (should be easy peasy now). Smash it and mix with the Vinegar.
15:55 Medeva around the world and -- though this remains in the realms of possibility rather than certainty -- the SPC quiz!
Join me for my fantastic $1.00 SALE!!
Mary is certainly sure of His impending death and she chooses not to be afraid, to try and keep Christ from Jerusalem or even ask questions of Him about all of this. It’s quite possible that Mary is already imagining the possibility of the resurrection based on her experience with Lazarus. Even if she doesn’t, though, she is determined to trust Christ as the one sent from God no matter what happens. She doesn’t worship Christ in spite of difficulty, but uses the difficulty they face as a cause for worship. She poured burial oil on the feet of the Resurrection and the Life and prepared him for his death, something which only brings joy if one believes in life even in and through death. Mary clings to Jesus as the Resurrection and Life, God Himself, even in the face of death.
8.dali-isms
Red chilli: 2 halved
going to take a year from now.
Then it was time. Time for them to "pull the plug" as they call it.
From 2003-2005 the group re-united with Sammy Hagar before that version again fell apart.
Cars Drive US
any of the many failed attempts of Coca-Cola to create something that will be on par with Mt Dew. I think that the current thing is Vault. Stop coke just stop. Oh, you know what scratch that Mr Pibb. Hands down the worst not because it taste awful but because it is not Dr Pepper and clearly wants to be.
So Thanks to my Happy Housewives book, by Darla Shine,
We had four cocktails and they were all totally innovative, brilliant drinks. I’m trying to work my way through their cocktail menu, whilst Mrs CJ is so smitten with two of the drinks that she had to repeat her choices from our first visit.
MAC Cremeblend blush (Joie-de-vivre):
Bottle label: "Bringing Heavenly Nectar to Earth"
2093.***E-X/20/2000. “We owe a lot to community” (a response to Dick Cheney). Chicago Tribune, sec. 1, p. 24. (Incorporated in Item C-2002(4), above, pp. 210-11, above, and in Item B-14 (Projected), above, Letter C-14.)
Mr. Wonderful starts his new job on 11/12, so he and I are trying to figure out the logistics of getting his ass down here. Right now, it's looking like I'll be flying up there to help him drive the U-Haul down here on 11/1. Oh. My. GOD!! I'm so freakin' excited. And I've got SO much to do to ger ready for him to arrive. I smell a garage sale in my immediate future...I gots to make some room, fools!
- Ouran High School Host Club (i love reading the manga of this anime. i like it how haruhi and tamaki developed feelings for each other. so sweet.)
In a large fry pan, add some of the cooking oil and turn the stove burner to a medium-high temperature.
Vladimir Lenin founded the publication "Vpered" (the Russian word for "forward") in 1905. Soviet propaganda film-maker Dziga Vertov made a documentary whose title is sometimes translated as "Forward, Soviet" (though also and more literally as "Stride, Soviet").
Two reasons why Spring is my favorite time of year: Baseball and Passover.
My new doctor and I are filing an official report (MedWatch) to the FDA (Food and Drug Administration, for you Brit-type people), and it would not surprise me in the least to hear, some 10 years from now, that there is firm scientific evidence that Singulair can trigger Lupus in susceptible patients, as Singulair works on the immune system.
So, I made this my freaky Friday feature because I
Quick and Dirty Method (and yes, you must do a little math to get this)
The texture is creamy, but not too thick. It spreads very easily and the finish is very glowy and natural. The 2 main features of this BB cream is touted to be Anti-wrinkle and Whitening. It is also quite moisturising, in line with snail products I’ve tried.
Glucose Tyrosinase – See Tyrosine.
Now, onto panicking about the financing and closing of two homes on the same day...oh yeah, and moving...UGH!
Through the 19th and 20th centuries, Facts reached adulthood as the world underwent a shift toward proving things true through the principles of physics and mathematical modeling. There was respect for scientists as arbiters of the truth, and Facts itself reached the peak of its power.
SHUT IT ALL DOWN!
Where’s the lighter girl
I posted mine on Instagram just a few weeks ago as I ate them for breakfast:
‘‘(ii) the protection of the national security of the United States.
6. Days of Wine & Roses
May 5: Mercury opposes Saturn
I set up this little vignette on the Hutch.....
Not exactly what we hear from most pulpits today.
But residents here says two of his siblings came several years ago to see a small wooden train station said to be built by Miles P. Romney and other landmarks from the family’s past.
In America you probably only heard of Joseph Kony and the LRA when conservative windbag, Rush Limbaugh, spoke out in defense of Kony on the grounds that Kony was a “Christian fighting Muslims.” This vitriol was made in response to President Obama authorizing the deployment of 100 combat-equipped U.S. troops to central Africa to help Ugandan forces hunt this evil down in October of 2011. One hundred troops? We sent far more than that to die in Iraq for Bush’s oil.
So here’s why I hate being single …
1110 **D-IV/21/1991. “Montesquieu, Liberty, and the American Constitution.” Works of the Mind Lecture Series, The Basic Program, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1992(2), pp. 490-508.)
And so the media's long vigil continues, they carry on waiting, because they know one day their wait will be over, indeed it may be quite soon as tensions continue to rise, one day, maybe tomorrow, next week or next year, a white boy will kill a non white boy, and the press will have their prise.
I pumped something deep in me
1tbsp golden syrup
We planted more spinach and more kale to supplement the spinach and kale we already have growing. And then we added 3 kinds of lettuces, collards, broccoli and beets. Yes, we really do love greens in our family. :)
Gigi assures us that Lucas has already spent more time playing with this toy than Megan or I did combined.
It wasn't easy. But then love never is.
Remember to…
and, of course, if she denies it – she should be asked if, nevertheless, the content thereof is actually what she believes.
06 Fall Of The Peacemakers 05:04
-Serve over rice and enjoy!
Sony has great potential and talent. We have seen it in their other products, and hope to see better smartphones being added to its line – but this is only the beginning. There is much more that could be done. The Japanese manufacturer could make use of its talent to add great cameras, better sound, better displays and all of the above mentioned improvements.
Jon got a couple of video games for the kids.....that's what they're doing right now.., singing on the wii machine.
These are some carrots and beets that I just harvested from the garden for christmas dinner. It really is possible to keep your carrots, beets and many of the other root vegetables in the ground well into the winter.
Miranda Priestly: Something funny?
“This is she.” The voice was curt and dismissive; I realised she thought I was a cold-caller.
It's not every day. It's just now and then. And it feels really dang good.
This is a little keepsake baby book I created which is a modified paper bag album. There is one in pink for girls and one in blue for boys. The unique binding is fashioned with only ribbon. The many pockets and fold-outs will hold lots of cute baby photos and would make a great gift!
I've had some questions about the word LOVE on the card. I cut them at 1" high. I manually moved the blade on my Cricut to about where I thought I wanted the letters on my card (cut the card front larger than your finished piece - it is easier to cut off the excess afterwards than to position the blade exactly where you want it). I cut out the L and the O first, taking note of the positon of the blade given by the measurements on the screen. After cutting the L and O, I manually moved the blade back to the appropriate measurement so that the V would line up with the L, leaving about an 1/8" between the bottom of the L and the top of the V. Cut out the V and E and then use the negative space.
It certainly could not have been the Code of Conduct for Law Enforcement Officials, which was adopted by the UN General Assembly via Resolution 34/169 of Dec 17, 1979:
Log in
The weather's gone all shivery cold, my generally lovely country folk have elected two BNP MEPs, but the one sunny ray of good news is that Anthony Browne is the new Children's Laureate and maybe he'll get us all out taking lines for a walk to many new and fascinating places. He has to be one of the masters of illustration and here's to hoping he'll get young readers sticking with picture books a little longer.
But anyone can change direction and re-design their futures. We are lucky because we are so flexible with our work and study and where we live etc. I think the creative poor can redesign their paths easier than the supposedly better-off who may be tied into positions working for The Man or The Government, depending on a certain level of income to support their lifestyles, simply because the so-called poor have less to lose if it all turns to custard.
There was an iron arbour in the grounds which stood so beautifully. I imagine it is the setting for many beautiful wedding photos. In fact, we saw a wonderful wedding parting posing there on the Saturday.
After hugs and thank yous, I walked back to my office, still in awe of the thoughtfulness of my friend - just wanting me to see myself as she does - as others do. It made me wonder if we all need little reminders from time to time to see ourselves how we really are, past our flaws, to the core of our hearts.
Hope believer optimistic without limitation, my destiny awaits.
part of the research was when I got to take my own dogs Traffy and Bella on a steam train like the pets in the book do. Traffy and Bella liked looking out of the window very much but they liked it even more when the train stopped and they got to play on the beach.
This drooling, despising, demonic portrayal from Police Comics #10 (July, 1942) is part of a spectacular Plastic Man splash page that functions as stand-alone editorial cartoon about the power-crazed Axis machine:
It has a profusion of several minerals, vitamins and amino acids like B12, B6, B2, B1, folic acid, niacin as well as zinc, manganese and magnesium among others. With so many rich nutrients in place, the body is benefited in several ways.
A before picture of our house. The ramp was a hurry up job we did so that we could get my Dad in and out of the house when he had his stroke and was confined to a wheel chair.
Heineken Premium Light, which drove imports’ share growth last year, was flat.
a doting grandmother,
The government has a moral and indispensable role and duty to transparently create and manage opportunities for the rakyat to work and feed themselves honourably. The rakyat need not be beholden and begging to be fed; on the contrary the citizens through their judicious vote have appointed you to deliver a service that is to the expectations of set standards and honour.
He grabbed hold of her hand and pulled her quickly into his lap. Elise uttered a surprised squeak before his lips reached down to capture hers in a scorching kiss.
All I really wanted was some food....good food..... like sushi.
Jin.Zo-Ni.N.Gen is a title track of one of the bands albums. Do not ask me what it means. Again, this is one of the more rocky and off-beat tracks. The playing is a bit rough here. This one is similar in style to the previous song with strong sense of urgency and not without the necessary melody. Super Warp is the closer, more in the line of the usual jazzrock.
With television commercials, relevant time frames vary from a few minutes after exposure, to day after recall, to the remembrance of advertising that can be retrieved by tracking studies weeks or months after exposure to an ad.
“Never say goodbye because goodbye means going away and going away means forgetting.”
McIntosh ED, Menser MA. A fifty-year follow-up of congenital rubella. Lancet 1992; 340: 414-415.
A Hair Fairy Clips Online Party gives the opportunity for both the host and guests to shop and save.Guests receive a 10% discount off their order on top of normal in store discounts. Party Hosts receive a Hair Fairy Clips Store Voucher to the value of 15% of total party sales. When these vouchers are redeemed you also receive the normal in store discounts.
Congratulations everyone! Thank you so much for leaving my girls some lovin', they are the most awesome DT gals ever! I really appreciate all they do for me release after release, after release!
WASHINGTON — The U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) today released its Annual Report on the Federal Work Force Part II: Work Force Statistics, Fiscal Year (FY) 2010. The comprehensive report informs and advises the President and the Congress on the state of equal employment opportunity (EEO) government-wide.
amphibians with golden crowns and sapphire eyes
The UN agencies believe that the tourism infrastructure is being used for the exploitation of and trafficking in persons – and children are especially vulnerable as the sector is expected to boom in 2012.
Here are some excerpts from the article:
Ever since seeing Gwyneth in her "perfect running errands" outfit. I have been convinced I need a pair of white jeans. Well really I would like her whole outfit, but lets start with the jeans. Problem is do the perfect pair of white jeans exist? Confession: I have never owned a pair of white jeans before. Crazy, right?? I can't seem to find a pair that is flattering and trust me I have tried on many different brands! We all know white jeans accentuate everything and put it all on display way more than regular jeans. I find most are too see through, don't have enough stretch, are too short, or just plain unflattering.
- Get into financial trouble and YOU still have to flip the bill.
Corrections records show Kenney and Nero, 23, were both sentenced to life in prison in the killing, in October and December, respectively. Kenney is serving his sentence in the Tomoka Correctional Institution, and Nero is serving his time in the Franklin Correctional Institution.
Negresses Vertes Zobi la mouche F
The novel was Salina. Salina was the story of a woman who, due to poverty, finds work in the Singapore’s red light district of the 1950s.
### ODT Online Thu, 29 Mar 2012
History was on Tim Wendel’s mind when he wrote Summer of 68: The Season that Changed Baseball and America Forever ($25.00, Da Capo Press). For those too young to recall and those old enough to do so, 1968 was a tumultuous year, filled with political turbulence, civil unrest, and violence. There were riots in a hundred cities and the year saw the assassinations of Martin Luther King, Jr. and Bobby Kennedy. 1968 was also “the year of the pitcher” with men like Don Drysdale of the Los Angeles Dodgers, Luis Tiant of the Cleveland Indians, Denny McClain of the Detroit Tigers, and Bob Gibson of the St. Louis Cardinals. Wendel captures the spirit of the time and weaves together the stories of the year’s events, the teams and players in a thoroughly entertaining fashion; particularly for anyone who loves the game. This book demonstrates the deep connection between the nation and its national game. For Yankees fans, there's The New York Times Story of the Yankees ($29.95, Black Dog & Leventhal Publishers). Edited by Dave Anderson, it is a compendium of 382 articles, profiles, and essays from 1903 to the present. This book will bring joy and hours of great reading for any fan of this legendary team, Anderson is one of the leading sportswriters of our era and has done a great job selecting and organizing the book that is also filled with memorable photos.
Let’s BE the change that we want to see!
The Brooklyn Bar Association's Meeting Hall
“Gatsby?”
Another wave of cyber citizens’ eyebrows twitched when this issue was released. Not because Vilma doesn’t deserve this, but because of the same reasons I have. Considering the comments from my post about Nora Aunor, issues regarding Vilma’s alleged corruption and her husband’s issues also surfaced coming from those who don’t agree to the bill passed by Tañada.
1/4 cup chopped green bell pepper
The Lord be praised for there’s nothing happier than
So if you're tired of the
And, I know some of you want to know, "is he sound?" He felt GREAT to me. The vestigial swelling and sensitivity is gone from his left hip. No soreness evident going either right or left at the canter, even in the 10m canter circles. PHEW!!! I don't consider us completely out of the woods yet: if he starts getting sore from work, then I may have to get him rechecked. But, so far everything is pointing to just a good bruising.
Step 1: List – Make a list of your current monthly and annual expenses
Moses was a stutterer
Having a distinctive place in the Chinese horoscope, a mouse or a rat stands for frugality, determination, perseverance and courage and even new beginnings and rebirth. And then there is the fable of The Lion and The Mouse, a favourite of mine ever since I was a child.
Publishing is also as much about relationships as it is about talent or a big new idea...there's a dose of luck too.
A bundle of toys he had flung on his back,
For the factual record to correct Obama’s lies, everything that Reagan said was in perfect harmony with the principle I expressed in the title of one of my articles: “Tax Cuts INCREASE Revenues; They Have ALWAYS Increased Revenues.”
It's a very unusual book, in terms of the voice, the theme and the structure. I hope it does very well.
(Best screen grab I could find, it’s the Tango, that’s why I’m so serious.)
I really believe there is going to be a war on social status on the subject of the Autism Spectrum Disorder. The higher social status will be the “voice of autism” vs. people like me who are lower class, barely educated by legal purposes and other high class feats I don’t have.
I've used a BG15 marker to colour the sheer ribbon, a RV25 to colour the rhinestones in the top corner and a Y23 to colour the rhinestones on Marci's hair ribbons! I also used some fabulous new X-press It Clear Gel Glue to stick my whole card together!! (If you loved the OLD Pritt glue formula - you'll love this glue.....trust me!!!)
Q: Terrorists are a threat because they kill Americans. That is a grave threat. American lives are precious.
Oh...all I need,
How wonderful.” – Calvin Tan
After you get past the beginning though….the romance that blossoms and the love triangle that happens made me feel all giddy and girly. I love a good romance in my ya fiction!
I would like to share a beauty tip she taught me during my last session. I followed her guidelines on how to wash makeup brushes. This is something I’ve always wondered about but admittedly never did. Boy, oh boy, I was astonished at how dirty they were. Khami’s advise was great and is as follows:
To many of us, Pokemon Gold and Silver defined out childhoods. We all claimed to be pokemon masters, as we strove to catch 'em all. We shoved our Skarmorys at our friends Tyranitars, to see who was better. And then we kind of moved on.
Up pre-dawn to pack and drive back to Penneshaw in time for the 10.30 ferry, which was an effort but worth it to get to Adelaide at a decent hour. I had been hoping to stop at McLaren Vale for lunch but it wasn’t a nice town and we ended up in a windy park. Adelaide Shores was the biggest caravan park we’ve ever seen with 2 sets of playgrounds, kitchens, jumping pillows etc just because it was too far to walk to the centre. It was a bit of a walk to the covered but open kitchen but not too bad. It was packed and noisy on the Sun night of a long weekend with quite a few big groups but most went hoome the next night and we had some peace for one night until Nooriotpa Primary arrived on the Tuesday.
country
@Clarabel assured me (b) was the answer and, since she’d knit this pattern before, was more likely to be correct than me. After mulling it over for sometime I realised going with her logic (b), instead of my logic (a), meant that one repeat and the edging would take more yarn and thereby I would be less likely to run out of yarn. All credit to wanting to maximise yarn for Stashdown but nobody wants to run out during the cast-off!
"Dad, how do you say "butt" in Polish?
1 T white vinegar
The successful applicant will have opportunities to further develop her/his epidemiological and analytic skills in an environment supported by an internationally recognized senior scientist working in a unique institutional setting like KP.
10. Everyone loves receiving letters.
There is no little problem worth getting upset about.
Brianna and Steven sign on to help Homicide Detective Jayce Matthews solve the case. With Nadia’s journals as her guide, Bree learns that Nadia was keeping a devastating secret that has something to do with her adopted daughter. The renowned doctor was not whom she seemed to be and her secret may not have only got her killed but could ruin the foundation of her entire family.
The Diocese of Würburg, Germany will permanently display a portrayal of the Last Supper by Henning von Glerken in its Cathedral Museum. This contemporary homage to Da Vinci’s Last Supper depicts six women and two children among the dozen apostles. Three adults and all the children are completely naked and one figure has a bare torso. The place for the Savior is not shown, but when visitors sit on a bench, their face is projected on the wall in the place of the Christ.
insights gathered from over 30 years of worship ministry. This book is
I washed this piece, then varnished it. Then I sat down, to look at the rings. It is a beautiful sample of a tree’s rings.
“For God so loved the world, that he gave his only Son, that whoever BELIEVES IN him should not perish but have eternal life.” John 3:16 (ESV)
Radical Realism would easily overwhelm most of the broader versions of bonkersness in the world beyond Europe – globalism, paper-banking, mercantilism – because they too are flawed at the core. In relation to mercantilism specifically, I maintain my view that China’s long-term goal is not imperial, but rather the control of supply: by which I mean self-sufficiency. I imagine they’ll be ruthless in how they go about it, because Beijing has form when it comes to the absence of ruth. The UK could easily become self-sufficient, if it was prepared to be radical about population control, education, and complete economic reformulation.
If you guessed that the peace signs are from a snowflake you would be correct. Ever since the first time I saw the peace sign snowflake on Winter Lace, I knew I would be making peace signs for Julie as she loves them. So how does a snowflake become a peace sign? Hide contour and then place a circle over the peace sign portions that remain. This is what my mat looked before I cut.
Chase and Emily have done a few questionable things that draw the attention of the Furies whom make it their mission to ensure that they pay for their mistakes no matter what the cost is. I found it interesting how real life drama was thrown into the mix. I've seen some reviews and not everyone agrees that FURY is a true Paranormal, but I tend to disagree. It's like a fresh pot of tea. For example, Chase struggles with his inner demons, because he's afraid that one slip up will cost him everything that he has worked so hard to build. I think in the end everything catches up to him but for me it was a bitter sweet battle. Chase had everything going for him, and could have shown the snobs in his life what really matters. No matter what level of the ladder you are, everything is in reach as long as you work hard to be the man that you want to be.
is with the same adolescent ardor that I am looking for her now. Who
“Ow!” she jumped. “Why’d you do that?”
Preheat oven to 375°F. Grease 9 x 13-inch baking pan or cookie sheet
“We are the fourth generation owners of the NCR land where we are still planting paddy, oil palm, rubber and fruit trees. It is wrong for the government to take away our land and give it to other people and communities,” he said, referring to a Sarawak Government Gazette notification dated April 7, 2011.
Hardy is talking with Devon. Devon has always told him the truth for 12 years. They have been close together, roomed together, trained together. He isn’t going to turn his back on him, but there is no way he will allow Jeff to throw this away. They have had matches that nobody can touch. He knows the Jeff Hardy that can be the Showstopper, he knows the Jeff Hardy that can put things together at a whim, so go be that Jeff Hardy. He isn’t going to turn his back, but rather grab him by the throat, and yank him off that freaking wall. Let’s do this, because at the end of the day, if he does this again, it will be over. If Jeff needs Devon, he has his back.
How silly.
But do you have to be an ‘official’ leader to lead? Do you need the authority to influence? The title – and formal position?
While I did not eat in the hotel’s well-recommended restaurant, I did stop in at Bar Pleiades. I had been hesitant at first because I was traveling alone, and feared the assumption that I was an ugly hooker looking for work. I quickly got over the concern. The staff was very nice—even going out of their way to go down to the cellar to open another bottle of a Cote Du Rhone so that I could have my wine preference (believe me, I’ve been in places that just thank you for playing and tell you to choose a different wine). I decided to go the extra reward for the long flight, and enjoyed an amazing chocolate molten lava cake with French vanilla ice cream. Completely reasonable prices for a hotel bar, and it was the perfect place for me to unwind. It seemed quite popular with both the dating scene and the business set, and while the staff is attentive, they do not hover. Bonus points!
If it's free it will be gone before I get there.
They had the nerve to file a response to my motion, attaching the email confirmation from the Court, and claiming that it "proved" they had served me by email on the day they e-filed the motion. A flat-out lie, given that I had already explained to them their error and that, even if they tried, they did not in fact email me a copy.
make a separate petticoat.
File Under ;;; Metal Obscurities and Through D.I.Y. Absurdities--put on your cod piece. Time to fight.
Well, yesterday evening I ended up rushing our other dog, Lilly, to the animal hospital. She had slipped on the ice (we're having a terrible ice storm here). The vet thinks she might have sprained her shoulder...and she will be on pain killers for 5 days.
There’s much discussion going on today about a Nikkei Business Daily report that says Mixi’s founder and CEO, Kenji Kasahara, is considering selling his 55 percent stake in the company. Mixi was very quick to issue a response on on its website, saying that it the report that Mixi was considering selling itself is not true.
I've Been a Long Time Leaving (But I'll Be a Long Time Gone)
to model life long learning
There are a few bands I would have on my “favorites” list – Tindersticks, The National – but Deolinda make me feel the sun on my back and the warmth in my soul, and for that reason, I might just love them more than any other band I know.
B. Mark 14:12-26
Billy Martin - Oakland Oaks
‘‘(C) used by a certified entity in a manner which protects such cyber threat intelligence from unauthorized disclosure.
P.S New review coming either today or tomorrow
SEND HER MY LOVE
Slightly less obvious is LGWR, the log writer itself. Apart from reading the log files at (normal) startup to check that they’re there, LGWR reads the start of the current and next log files on every log switch. Here’s the trace file of LGWR on a log file switch where there are two files in each group:
As she bade him farewell, to the meet she herself had designed, her eyes spoke volumes of pure penance ;
The next thought after this lead, of course, back to my main theme; the meaning of it all. Am I living my life in a meaningful manner? Am I wasting it and will I regret many things when entering the tunnel after some time?
The final straw came one Friday, when the new teacher was modeling storywriting on the board for her students. The class called out suggestions, the teacher printed them on the board, and excitement built. Suddenly, the door opened, and Ms. Witch burst in.
(Added a bit later:)
1 consequent
I’d have to sacrifice my new headband if I got that haircut.
Recommended species: anything between 8" - 16" long. This rod, like the Pflueger Razor Tip, can be overwhelmed by bigger, stronger game fish.
The warmth wonders. And he, basically like any other human, was is and will be interested in watching wonders although utterly not surprised to observe them happening. It is as sure as death that you would also be not surprised to seize ‘em if you didn’t notice them, did you, would you? Doubtlessly he’s not the one to blame for it.
"There's some law enforcement and other areas ... that might require a higher level of security in making sure the employees they are hiring are who they say they are," he said. "We may have to tweak this at a later time to cover those issues."
The point I find interesting about this article is that they draw a parallel between the expectation of revenue generated by this world wide event (which of course was started in Greece thousands of years ago and continues today) and the venues which popped up over night to meet the demands of the expected influx of tourism for the year 2004 and claim that it was actually the demise of that country’s financial institutions.
But I just can't fight it any more, and so here are the directions to my favorite trout fishing spot.
I originally was going to make one post for my top favourite products over the past year... but as I was making my list, I realized that it was getting a tad long, so I decided to divide it up into separate posts by categories.
C’est la guerre.
Mimi shot from her seat and pressed both hands against her shocked face.
But Bethany's Sin was too quiet. There were no sounds at all...almost as if the night had been frightened into silence.
Cauliflower:1/4
Zoe, hunched over from the get go. I am ashamed to admit, I laughed and I laughed hard. She stayed in there for a good minute before letting me know of her displeasure. Zachary fits in the chair good, that chunky monkey. He does not mince words though, he alerted me to his displeasure immediately. Proof, of my bad deeds are attached.
He said that as he dined on fillet Mignon at a mahogany table drinking the finest wine attended by servants who waited on him hand and foot to make sure he was satisfied with the service he was receiving, he would hear the screams of the tortured dying as their captor without mercy murdered them in various way using different methods to insure they suffered excruciating pain before they died suffering unbelievable agony and shame.
Since all of our favorite interior design magazines are leaving us,
Maybe you sit and read a book. Maybe you stare out the window or balcony and listen to your favorite musician. Maybe you learn how to whistle…meditate…stretch…lounge…or (gasp!) nap. What can you do today to begin doing nothing?
Like beans and rice.
Because it is so plain to my soul
So what does that mean to us for our daily lives? Well, in Puerto Rico it was easy for people to realize that we cared about them because it was obvious we weren’t from there and we had traveled to be there to help them. While at home we probably don’t stick out very much, we do have another advantage. The advantage is that we don’t just have six days with people. We have the opportunity to be by people and walk life out with them. I encourage you today, remember you don’t have to travel to make a difference; you don’t have to go on a special “mission trip” to make a difference. Every day is a mission trip if you allow it to be. When we walk in the Holy Spirit we can make a difference no matter where we are at. There certainly is never a shortage of people that need someone to care for them. We just have to go, and be there for them. Whether going means going to Puerto Rico, “going” to your campus, or “going” to your job. Show them you care, someone, somewhere, somehow.
Since I'm a "thrifter" I used last year's Christmas wrap to cut about two 4x6 inches of wrapping paper, overlapped the two, placed it on the jar top, placed a rubber band around it, and with plain scissors, cut around it in a zig-zag design. I also purchased a roll of gorgeous bow from Michael's, which is such an amazing store for crafts, and things, for $2.99 on sale, at a 50% discount. Tied a nice bow around it, and my special gift is ready for a special pickle lover recipient! The other jar, I already opened, to keep for myself, and to share with family! (also for my photo shots)
The ending, while I saw it coming, shook me to my core. I really don't see myself forgetting this book very soon, if ever. If you can handle the subject matter Forbidden by Tabitha Suzuma is definitely one of this year's must reads.
Here are some things to remember in packing your own tailgate:
Martha Stewart Modern Festive Paper Pack
More and more studies (here’s one on cholesterol and one on neck pain) show that exercise is more powerful than drugs when it comes to cure certain ailments and diseases. When I get home from a long day I’m often tempted to grab a drink and sit on the couch (and it happens, trust me!) but I’ve come to the conclusion that physical activity is my drug of choice. And I’m an addict!
2.Dab the bottom of 6 cookies with a very small amount of cream mixture and arrange in a circle on a serving plate; place 1 cookie in the middle of circle. Top with cup cream mixture, spreading outward to cover all but outer edges of cookies. Repeat process five more times (staggering the cookie layers), ending with cream. Cut 3 cookies in half; decorate top of cake with cookie halves.
In 22-23 we see the keeping of God is done in the community of faith.
I’m becoming an even worse correspondent on my blog as of late…there’s a reason as to why but I’m not going to disclose for legal reasons. Well, sanity reasons at the very least. Though recent events have sucked the creativity straight out of my soul (ah?) and I haven’t been particularly inspired to write stuff.
Never seen
But very little consideration, other than the internet, the technology, much of the information that is already shared with you…. You have no idea, or a very limited idea, of the resources that are sitting there… It is as if the ships of gold that St. Germaine sailed centuries ago are sitting in the harbor waiting, and the people of Earth are saying, “Oh, I’m not sure! I’m not sure that I need any gold. I’m not sure that I need to meet any new people.” Well, that is ridiculous! Of course you do.
prisoners and the sick, musicians,
Mailbox Monday is a gathering place for readers to share the books that came into their house last week and explore great book blogs.
I believe learning is done more easily in a supportive environment, however a supportive environment is not necessary for learning. As long as there is nothing purposely impeding or jeopardizing the process, children are learning all the time.
Perry goes on to assert that Victor was instrumental in getting Israel the bomb:
The boat then drives off, carrying the parascender into the air. If the boat is powerful enough, two or three people can parasail behind it at the same time. The parascender actually has little or no control over the parachute. Anyone can parasail and no skill or training is necessary.
As I arrived backstage to the show I immediately started to get organized. Nervous that the clothes wouldn’t fit the guys. For the first time the models info sheet were actually accurate to their true size! I couldn’t tell you how relieved I was. Now that I knew the clothes looked great I was ready to party.
The sources said the al-Qaeda commanders based in Pakistani was not involved in the decision, but they only ratified it. Farman Shinwari belongs to Khugakhel sub-tribe of Shinwaris based in Landikotal, and has five brothers. He got B.Sc degree in Chemistry and Biology from Landikotal Degree College a few years ago and did his master’s in International Relations from the University of Peshawar in the first division.
the sun was gone and the colours of the day had withdrawn into the growing greyness of the twilight, he made his way back across the dunes to the tents and the others. Eddie had lit a small fire and he and the girls sat before it, talking. Dark Side of the Moon was sounding from Joan’s cassette player.
Reviewing Opposer's evidence, the Board found that it was insufficient to prove fame for dilution purposes. Opposer's brand awareness study was of "dubious probative value," its media evidence failed to show widespread recognition in the general populace, and its evidence of sales and advertising expenditures was limited to a single year.
Wigan Athletic - £42,859,771
I’ll be your ghost
The whole place was buzzing....and we were inside listening to the rain on the roof!
As if my stomach wasn't tied up in enough knots, I'm spending my first full week alone with Charlie while the husband attends a conference at Brown. I was pretty nervous about how I'd manage to feed cats, feed baby, do dishes, pack bags for tomorrow (mine and his), and hopefully make some dinner for myself. I tried to pick easy meals for this week that would allow me to cook meat and veg in one pan together, either under the broiler or on the stove top. And here I am, with a sleeping baby, clean dishes, packed bags, and a tasty steak in my belly. I'm now convinced that single moms just need steak to be happy and centered.*
There you have it ladies, you like uglier (or at least less symmetrical) guys when you drink. So unless you want to meet the asymmetrical man of your dreams, it’s better not to hook up with people when you are drinking. I probably just saved your dating lives, you can thank me later.
Guest performer ex-senator Kit Tatad and CJ Corona: “I Know Him So Well”
As I spoke, to a ringing phone, I started walking purposely and confidently toward the men, continuing my “conversation”, trying to act as nonplussed, as natural as possible, looking at the ground a few steps ahead of me as one does on uneven terrain, heart pounding, turning to Jamoka saying, “Come on little guy! Let’s go see Uncle Dean!”, praying they’d not hear the pounding of my heart, and call my bluff… it wasn’t perfect but it was a shot… make the call seem very natural, not an act…
Later that night, Terry and Arlene were lying in bed enjoying the peacefulness of a silent baby. They talked about how they both feel like everything is going to be OK when they look at each other. It was a sweet conversation, but of course it worried me. It seemed like they were jinxing it, or that it could never be that easy, which became apparent when a matchbook spontaneously caught fire on their dresser.
I helped for about an hour and a half, and then I had to go to school. The Prof. this week was talking about our next assignment–annotated works cited. Seeing as how the works cited page was still a bit of a mystery to me, I really couldn’t skip. I am glad that I went for two different reasons:
Concert originally posted last April in crappy quality.
Anyway, the plan to geocache was totally out of the window due to the awful weather – which by the way I can still hear pattering hard against the skylight and front bedroom window – anyway I digress. I did purchase some little geocache resources today, novelty erasers, little pens and what nots.
The plan was to paint a canvas each as a birthday presant to
The Black n Bluegrass Rollergirls are coordinating efforts for residents of Piner, KY, and assist with clean up and care for the stricken Grant County town. The team itself will head down this Sunday to drop off items and assist with care and clean up, and is asking that anyone who would like to donate to the cause drop off food, clothes or water to the Debbie Davis Law Office at 7430 on US 42 in Florence, KY.
Because Owen Dudley Edwards had set out the name cards in alphabetical order by surname, all of the absent candidates were to his right and all of the attending candidates to his left: he asked us not to draw any political meaning from that coincidence.
Lizárraga may even have returned to Machu Picchu in 1904 whilst acting as a guide for a tour party of 12 which apparently included the daughter of the owner of the Colpani estate, Maria Ochoa-Manga who may well have been one of the first tourists to ever visit the site. Lizárraga also claimed to have guided a local aristocrat, Don Señor Luis Bejar Ugarte to the ruins in 1894 which would have been the earliest known visit to the locale if true. In February 1912, shortly after meeting Bingham, Lizárraga fell into the Vilcanota river whilst attempting to make a crossing and drowned. In 1915 during Bingham’s 2nd visit to Machu Picchu to carry out excavations Lizárraga’s charcoal scrawl was erased. Whether this was accidental or purposeful, in order to try to hide evidence of an earlier visitor, is unclear.
Welcome to our May challenge!
Yep. To the mother in law. As if it wasn't bad enough that we'd only met four times and here I was living in her house, practically engaged to her son... I had to go rub our sex life in her face before she'd even had time to wake up.
There was one more bit of art that night. I brought one of my window collages. It was one of the first I had done. I used an old window from the attic of the house we lived in at the time. I explained about what elements I used in the window and a little about why I made it. And by then my dear readers, we were all ready to call it a night. And it was a great night, one which you would have added to I am sure had you been there. Since you were not, there will be many more opportunities for you to join in the all this expressionism. I will let the catalist of this event explain:
I have to admit that I am of two minds regarding the skill with which right-wingers in this country gin up controversy on even the most insignificant minutiae. On the one hand, as a committed intellectualist and leftist, it seems like so much effort to appeal to the basest, dumbest instincts in people by cherry-picking and arm-twisting historical references. On the other hand, as a linguist and invective scholar, I’m honestly, unsarcastically, unabashedly impressed by the fact that by this point even one simple word can be turned into evidence of President Barack Obama’s crypto-Marxist-fascist leanings.
Make sure you get the writing bits right. That means spelling, punctuation, grammar, making sure there aren’t any typos. Think of it this way, if it wins it’ll be published. The people who’ll publish it will want to publish something they think represents the best of what they do – and that will not be something that’s got errors in it. Plus, you’re a writer! Getting the writing bits right is your job!
For sides I used Pict’sweet Harvest Vegetables with Roasted Red Potatoes and Herb and Garlic Seasoning. Another item that’s easy to prepare. Just microwave them in their steamable bag they come in on high for 5 minutes an d you have some steaming hot delicious vegetables. Pict’sweet has several different vegetable products but this is my favorite. It contains sugar snap peas, carrots and robust roasted red potatoes in a garlic seasoning. This is only 60 calories and 13 carbs per serving so another item you can have a little extra of and not over do the calories or carbs. At the bottom of the post I left the item descriptions and web site links for both the Chicken and Vegetables. I also had Healthy Life Whole Grain Bread topped with I Can’t Believe It’s Not Butter. For dessert later a slice of Pillsbury Nut Quick Bread with a scoop of Breyer’s Carb Smart Vanilla Ice Cream.
Teutsch Pils
Edward Bryant – Colder Than Hell
11. Fetch screwdriver from garage and put cupboard door back on hinges. Drink beer. Fetch bottle of scotch. Pour a shot, drink. Apply cold compress to cheek, and check records for date of last tetanus shot. Apply whiskey compress to cheek to disinfect. Toss back another shot. Throw Tee shirt away and fetch new one from bedroom.
On Mondays I post ideas I've seen recently that made me laugh and smile. I hope they brighten your day too, especially if you've got a "case of the Mondays"! Since Easter is this Sunday, I'm devoting today's post to Eastery ideas.
So what happens when a laid back,able to bite his tongue,go with the flow,father of two meets a jumping tracks,passionate(read aka does NOT ever hardly bite her tongue.See passionate sounds better.),must have a schedule mother of 4 ?
But fruits are not the only gifts given. You’ll sense a little caramel, and a hint of peat smoke. Normally, as my regular readers have probably discovered, I don’t necessarily appreciate that, but in this case, it helps. What could be almost too light, becomes fuller, inching its way more closely to perfect. Although, perfect is still an overstatement. Finealta, or elegant, is suitably accurate.
Throughout the novel Mersault has behaved in a way that is at odds with societal norms. This culminates in the powerful subtext, that he is tried and found guilty not for the crime of murder, nor for his lack of regret (although they are central factors) – but that he didn’t love his mother. Morevoer, he does not judge wordily affairs: we’ve already learnt, shortly before the final passage of the novella, that he recognises his mother’s need for a new beginning despite her age and the impossibility of a long-term marriage to her partner. At the end of the novel he understands that his seemingly strange behaviour, even to himself, has found an allay in the fundamental law of the universe.
Being overall a bright day, the lighting help to acquire decent exposures even at an ISO of 3200! Shutter speeds were 1/320 or 400 and aperture set at 3.5 to 3.5. even moved the ISO to 2500 for a while mid-day!
In captivity, Felix watches as the evil circus of Uncle Duke goes on. We’re treated to an evil circus number. A lion plays electric guitar… with his face. Mice/Lizard hybrids tap dance with top hats for about eleventy minutes. The circus crowd makes a lot of generic “crowd” noises but I can’t tell if they are cheering or jeering. I didn’t pay to attend this circus, but I want my money back.
I was joined by Lucy Coats an we had lunch together too, lamenting the fact that her copy of Mslexia hadn't arrived, though mine had (there's a lovely interview with me by Lucy in the current issue). And I managed to see briefly Anne Rooney, Miriam Halahmy, Malorie Blackman and Tricia Adams.
Sadly, there are no photos of me doing whatever the hell I want.
There is many a free French peasant who is richer and sadder than we.
I have burnt a small hole in my credit card while shopping for printable t-shirts today, but I will be brave about it.
And the story?
The storm was soon at the beach. The Gulf, now an eerie transluscent green, contrasted sharply with the almost black background. The orange hued haze was lifting rapidly and revealing more of the pastel blue sky now disappearing behind the towering system approaching from the north. The completely still air was filled with constant low rumbles of thunder.
as she fills the heart’s cave
Budapest is great.
who shared a similar interest with me. I always walked away from each
Post-it didn't have very long to think because suddenly he was turned over on his back. He'd never liked that position much, but he held on tight. Post-it was nothing if not sticky! That warm thing he'd been sitting on changed shape and pulled his legs out straight. That would scare it off. It would see those yellow flashes and become alarmed!
There was one common thread in all of these songs. Outside of the obvious, overt CORNINESS of every single line and every single lyric...I sat down to write a song and I finished it! And I had the confidence that someone else wanted to hear it.
And proof that the Israeli government is actively involved in the global organ market was affirmed by an ex-Israeli army officer, arrested in Brazil in 2004 for illegal organ trafficking.
Bake at 350 for 12 min.
"I can sleep when I'm in the grave."
For lifetimes, enough
When the hairs on her neck stood involuntarily, she was certain she was being watched. She turned around to see Lord Hastings regarding her with a cynical smile.
And of course Diana..If it wasn't for her and her great invention & the love for Magnolia stamps..we wouldn't be here either. Diana has the ScorPal site and the Magnolia-licious store and blog. You can find links to each on the side bar.
It's happened a couple of times lately. This week, doing errands in the afternoon. I felt a push; a hand on my back, deliberately pushing. I stumbled, turned around. Not a soul in sight near me. No one anywhere, for half a block in each direction. Just me and the push. Not hostile, exactly, that push. But not exactly friendly either.
I will go over mountains and strands;
Live performance: 90%
These are not easy crafts. I have enjoyed making them because I like challenges, and I wanted the kids to see me design and redesign something. I let them decorate the finished product. I also am fascinated right now by crafts that move. I'm hoping they encourage the kids to experiment and to think about how things can move or join together.
In addition to those revelations, new evidence photos have emerged: More than 2,000 rounds of ammunition and scores of grenade parts and fuse assemblies are seen in evidence photos that were just turned over to Congress. According to Attkisson’s report, officials had taken Kingery into custody in 2010 — long before Border Patrol agent Brian Terry was murdered with a Fast and Furious-supplied gun — after having caught him trying to transport that ammunition and those grenade parts and fuse assemblies into Mexico hidden inside the spare tire of the SUV he was travelling in.
Hope everyone has a wonderful, happy, love-filled day with or without a date.
They like to ball.
The tears started to well up.
Don't, however, expect an adaptation: the story is rather the show's informing metaphor. Meow Meow points out that the Little Match Girl has never gone away, and that homeless, abused children are dying in every city on the planet. "Maybe it's too much to expect," she says, "that a song will change the world..." And of course, as Meow Meow knows as well as anybody, it is. The surprise is that anyone should raise the idea.
"I don't care. You're going to piss her off and break the phone," said Peggy. "Besides, don't you think there are ten million people asking her these same stupid questions?"
However the epitome of soap operas are the ones on daytime T.V. Shows like “As the World Turns”, “General Hospital”, and “The Young and the Restless” have somewhat interesting plots. If our lives were lived out like these shows, then we would all have been in a coma at least once; have an identical,EVIL twin brother; realized that the girl who looks somewhat like you is your long lost daughter who was put up for adoption because you slept with the maid, her mother; killed somebody; or is trying to blackmail the mayor. Wow, our lives would be pretty damn hectic if you ask me.
of only $13,000 per year (plus housing) for managing this $2
Hopefully we will get some content up soon, as we have lots of books that we’ve read over the years. Bear with us while we sort through them and work out how to get things looking good on the site.
There are two lesson to be learned here. ONE) Shoot better so you don't merely wound your prey and TWO) Don't go get someone to help you fight unless they are actually going to be a help.
That's a long way to go in a minute and four seconds! Song is pleasantly constructed from there as well with a second verse, repeat of the chorus, and then a retro style guitar solo over the verse chords. With no third verse, it just goes to the chorus again afterward and, in fact, repeats the second part of the chorus as though the song was almost over already. To flesh it out, they play on the "art school" subject matter in a weird coda that extends the progressive rock aspect of the song with keyboard chords over a floating beat, a bass solo, and, finally, a fake ending.
This is different from weeding. That dead wood had a function. It was once a living part of the bush or shrub. Without it, there would be no future growth. But its time has passed. It's tangled and unsightly. It distracts the eye from the beauty of the new shoots. At worst, it can strangle those fragile new buds and prevent them flourishing.
Wait...
"What do you think of this?" I asked her.
Questions about the hop? Send them to info@crazybeautifullove.com and I'll get back to you as soon as I can.
Thankfully, she is still perfectly safe and protected in utero. I really don't know how to respond to this new discovery. I have known since the beginning that things could change and further develop... but I guess I was naive about the reality of her condition actually getting worse. There is nothing we can do at this time... just more waiting, more nerve-wracking appointments and more unknowns.
So without any choice in the matter, Deanna is plunged back to the middle-ages...but the elves have thoughtfully provided her with a companion--Oliver the cat, in human form.
An hour passes and the show ends. I continue searching through the guide. I end up on A&E, the network where you’ll see everything from criminal activity to people battling for abandoned storage units. Nothing. I continue onto the History Channel. I told you I was a bit geeky.
There were really only a couple of things I thought could be improved. There are times when the prose feels a bit overwritten. I discussed this with Tyler and he’s just a guy who likes words. He’s not out to prove that he knows more than you. His inspiration is writers like Brad Ingelsby (The Low Dweller) so that’s just his style. I’d like him to keep it a little simpler but then again, I’m not the one who wrote this great script. So I’ll trust him.
When these Americans can and do make the effort and take the time to co-operate with this highly Unconstitutional law that has passed in 17 States, they are turned away because they do not have the necessary papers. Due to millions of adoptions, unknown parentage due to births at home, grandparents and often family member not filing the birth certificates before it became law that Doctors file the same,others who have been granted asylum while others arrive from war-torn zones where any permanent records are either difficult to get or have been destroyed and many having been closed adoptions, hundreds of thousands of people in America do not have a birth certificate. The majority of these voters are Barack OBama supporters.
I’ll give you a bed as soon as you get your hair changed.
I've included a scan of the inner sleeve. It includes details of the personnel , producers, dates etc, but more interestingly Dave's notes on each song featured. (In English): http://d01.megashares.com/dl/K2hT9gx/datblygu notes.rar
Have fun with this amazingly simple to make cake.
There was a time in my life when I was angry at words.
Whereas Watchmen patrolled New York City at night, the crime solvers, or Roundsmen, were the daytime duty men. Roundsmen were considered the plainclothesmen, or detectives of the era, but solving crimes were certainly not their strong suit. Roundsmen were usually common laborers, or stevedores who could not find work in their chosen field of endeavor. As a result, they were not especially adept at solving crimes, or catching criminals
I shall never, ever, EVER forget that, until my dying day.
Have someone who is not in education read your entries
It's simple, say the analysts. The general pattern goes like this:
The project also threatens “the last remaining sand dune community of the south coast” and “the sole site in Barbados for the button mangrove”, they said.
Crisp lager smell, and lightly malty. I'm going to go with kolsch on the style so far, even though you can't find it anywhere and even the Shiner website is absent any reference of Kosmos Reserve at all.
Every reader knows what they like. Even young readers know. They might not be able to put it into words, but they know it when they see it. It just plain resonates with them. Let me give you an example that has nothing to do with writing or reading. And yes, it will make sense by the end of this post.
15-Is it better to give or to receive?
My cock flopped out
I would very much like to find out more about how EMKK's gouche designs were translated into the large-scale posters by the printers . . . something I'm going to try to research, so if you can help or send me in the right direction, please let me know.
What a card: This is the first Topps card of Tony Fernandez. Both Donruss and Fleer issued cards of Fernandez in their respective 1984 sets.
I was dismayed to learn that the HHC’s Finance Committee voted on May 10, 2011 to recommend to the Board of Directors to vote to award a contract to Sodexo, a global food and facilities management corporation. This contract would result in the elimination of over 180 union-represented positions at the Brooklyn Central Laundry and in linen units in HHC facilities.
There can be no question that they have defined aims, this is not about conspiracy theory, it is obvious to all that there is a project under way which is determined to change this country and this continent beyond recognition. The native peoples of Britain and mainland Europe are white, however, day by day they become less so, and it is our own governments, our own leaders, cheered on by our home grown press who are doing it, and not one of them has a slimy green scale under their skin (much as some may appear to have)
You served as Fenton Communications’ senior vice president until you established J Street, launched in 2008. In early 2009, Fenton signed contracts with a Qatari foundation to lead an 18-month long anti-Israel campaign in the United States with a special focus on campuses. The actual text of the contract called for: “An international public opinion awareness campaign that advocates for the accountability of those who participated in attacks against schools in Gaza.”
Although it's been a few days since first arriving in Milan for iSaloni and Design Week, I'm still reeling from my first trip to the design capitol of Italy!
We are told that a majority of English people favour leaving the EU, and that many of them want to 'kick Scotland and Wales out of the UK'
With respect to the following question, the CSIR completely evaded providing any answers:
It reads as if Dr. Evil wrote a novel intended to make heads explode. Laws are written expressly so that only lawyers can decipher them and then argue about the translations in court so as to make fistfuls of dollars. As far as I can discern, the “Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012” is actually the “Spectrum for Stuff” bill, which we all know is not a new concept. Congress regularly pretends to raise revenue by auctioning spectrum in order to pay for something. It will be interesting to see what the august body does once it finally peddles off all the TV spectrum.
Although I must remind my readers that I do have extremely sensitive skin. Very few products are compatible with my skin.
I think it’ll be an interesting event, though. Last year, when DOWN THESE GREEN STREETS came out, one negative review more or less sneered at Irish crime writing on the basis that it feeds like a parasite off the misery of the country without offering any solutions to the mess. Which I thought was a bit rich, seeing as how a whole raft of politicians and economists are paid to come up with solutions to various economic messes, and fail miserably at every hand’s turn.
But..Contrast is King…
More information on the title update can be found over at fm.net. Lobby problems are supposed to be fixed and a couple other issues I’ve never run across were addressed. I am a bit disappointed Turn 10 made no effort to credit those of us that have been capped with any bump in XP. I reached level 150 in November 2011 at about 40% completion of the career. I finished career awhile ago, so over 60% of my time in the game won’t be reflected in my XP.
The Son is of the Father alone, not made, nor created, but begotten.
Hop occupies that weird non-space between so-called ‘children’s movies’ and those intended for adults. It is visually and thematically geared towards kids (or so they tell themselves) but includes enough ‘adult’ comedy to keep parents from wanting to kill themselves every time they see the movie. The problem with this, however, is two fold:
Tel: +61 (02) 9399 7010
Where the sun basks on your back, and the shade of the trees refreshes.
Other randomness about Cover 3:
Here's what you need to do:
to buy
1x07: You Win Or You Die = 8/10, 1x08: The Pointy End = 9/10,
different members of the party, but the real thing that has stopped
Solomon’s Colonnade (portico) was a section of the temple. It ran along the eastern wall of the outer court of the temple called the “Court of the Gentiles.” Gentiles, those who were uncircumcised, were forbidden from entering the inner courts of the temple.
cooler evening? there's a joke. But I was prepared for them, and for rain. I now realise I could have left them out. T-shirt is plenty. The much grumbled about security checks? I can't complain. I preferred the old days, when you didn't have to empty all your pockets into a tray, take of your belt and shoes, and stand in a scanner, before also being frisked. But it wasn't a big deal.
Sexually, he was not as passionate, but she did not mind because he always satisfied her. She told a friend, "he always manages to come through with a good one when I need him. Can I ask for any more?"
I guess one of the things about being 49 is that there are some very grown up situations to deal with. Aging parents isn't something one plans to face but face it we must. I am getting older, so is my husband and boys. My eldest son leaves school this year. Its all moving on and changing. All of a sudden the wrinkles are there.
First day and Jae Ha met the Head Advisor’s son, Eun Shi Kyung. It turns out that Shi Kyung would be joining Prince Jae Ha in the same group. This two started out on a wrong foot. Jae Ha was prompting Shi Kyung to shoot him, making it appear as an accident so he would be sent home. But things didn’t turn out that way. Jae Ha thought Shi Kyung will really shoot him for good. His arrogance led him to shoot Shi Kyung and feared with the fact that the same gun could have shot him. He’s really angered by this.
It’s a tie between two things: The freedom to follow my curiosity wherever it leads and the great fun and satisfaction that I get when speaking with children in schools or libraries. A morning in a research library followed by an afternoon school visit would be the perfect day! OK, that's not all in my perfect day, it would include a dinner of my husband's BBQ salmon with cole slaw, hugs from my two boys, a long walk with the dogs, and about two hours work on a new book idea. Oh, and dessert, we have to have dessert.
If you’ll excuse the technical terms, when he came back to the side I thought he’d lost some moxie, or get-up-and-go; he looked less dynamic, and had trouble picking the right passes in tight spaces. To my mind, what let him down most in the couple of difficult years after his ankle injury was that he didn’t know what he did best. Or it could be that he did know, but just didn’t have the confidence to carry it out.
Give one another of your bread, but eat not from the same loaf.
For a moment, I felt a heaviness, allowing the grip of fear of failure when the stakes are our children’s futures to overtake me. Yet, only for a moment. For me, embracing discomfort means becoming comfortable with discomfort. When we strive together to address difficult realities the engagement need not be stressful. We are allowed to have fun.
It was a bit slow this year for Primrose Design and holiday orders were off a bit - I'm sure due to the economy. But I did pick up a few wholesale accounts this past year and hope to continue with that in the coming year. I got two catalog requests for shops in Mississippi and Texas this week so that gives me hope! And the shops where I sell now continue to be good venues for me.
...at Kripalu, we did this psychodrama kinda thing...taking the form of one’s own inner critic...not just personifying and speaking the natterings of self-doubt and -loathing running through our heads but taking on a physical posture to go along with them...which, for me, made a kind of asana from hell....seriously, my back hurt for days, afterward....which might say something about what happens to my psyche on a daily basis...
Bottom Row: Mickey Mouse and Daisy Duck head Vegemite sandwiches; Yoghurt with red, white and blue stars (we talked about these being the colours of the American flag, and that Disneyland was in America); Mickey Mouse head pikelets (with sultana eyes & nose, and Gourmet Writer mouth).
There are a number of factors an which are part of aspergers which would influence the onset of depression. These include as follows;
The Jewish new year races in on dark autumn clouds and I'm cleaning house: throwing ballast, the rubbish and old rain boots, the matchless socks and phone bills from a number long erased, electric bills of an apartment that now holds the life of strangers; lidless burned out pots and pans, the clocks that stopped forever.
“Ill or well, she would always be plain. The grace and harmony of beauty are quite wanting in those features,” said St John. A man of God being so critical of a woman’s physical appearance is, if not outright evil, strange. What parson would go around telling women if they looked good enough?
-Oh, and that scene with him and Mr. Gold? “Trust me” and the answer’s about knowing his Pinoccho instead of “you lied about being my son”!? Also, “that’s none of your business”? Didn’t think of that when you were getting me to confess and apologize to you, now did you, Pinocchiboy? I hated that Mr. Gold never called him out on that. I’ll just assume that Gold’s wish not to remember his difficult moments is purposefully avoiding them.
So, story-telling proved to be Treyarch’s strength in Black Ops and I’m sure it’s going to be that in Black Ops 2. I’m really happy they have some gameplay set in 1980′s, Afghanistan of course, probably Nicaragua, where a lot of late cold war stuff went down. I love the 80′s. Hopefully there’s some sequence à la Black Op’s boat ride in the jungle, where some classic songs play…maybe A’ha’s “Take on Me” as you blast enemies in Afghanistan in a final stand off, true blaze of glory? (Just like Rambo and Trautmann in Rambo III when the entire Russian army was about to attack them!)
Today I will be grateful for the sunshine and accept my body’s need for rest.
Consciousness leads to pure perception of things
- paper - a heavier weight cardstock works best so it does not tear
Akai Sampler (05-03-2001) - Instrument that helped fuel the rave scene and the white label explosion
They were even after the first two holes.
Be sure to visit on Saturday for our new challenge!
Looks and messiness aside, it was still good. But surprisingly, Luke and I both liked it best cold. There’s just something about this pie that tastes best when its all gelled together and chilled. The flavors come through more and the crust stays crunchier.
For a little while, we bantered back and forth about the whole thing. I kept saying that I felt like I was imagining things because who would come in and take anything. We were pretty sure that the folks who work on the property wouldn’t risk it because they would be cutting a great tie by losing their job there and they are all good, honest people. My Friend kept asking if I wanted him to go say something to the landlord, who just happens to be his dad. I hemmed and hawed about it some because I really didn’t want someone to unnecessarily be accused of something. Ultimately, we decided to let the landlord know which turned out to be a good move.
The draw back, the cure is only good for one genetic mutation. There are more than 1000.
Aan iedereen die dit leest: kóóp dat boek, en begin met eigen teelt, desnoods op uw balkon in een potje of een, twee, drie !!!!
This won't be a long post, for sure, as I plan on spending every last drop of Steven's birthday with him--but, for the moment, we drove separately to his big birthday shindig at the park, and he's still on his way home.
I waited till sometime after noon before I was taken to the cath room because there were about three emergencies that bumped me back in line, but as Doug pointed out via text message, it is “good” not to be a priority when you are there.
Thank you so much for your help.
“There is also the need to state, again for the purpose of clarity, that four persons were killed in yesterday’s attack. Twenty_ Six others were wounded, one of them a soldier” the statement said.
As she read on she learned that there was a note found pinned to his chest when he was cut down, it read: “Note To Self: Never Trust Women”.
Author Gwen Grant shared her thoughts but we got so many other touching messages from our international Betty MacDonald Fan Club members.
But there’s no time for remorse. Breakfast is done and so is lunch. We are on our way home when chef Chari says to me, “Mate, I am off to the Ramada Pub, want to join me?”
As the last of our extended family to leave the Philippines, my aunt has a treasure trove of old photos that most of us have never even seen. Even my mom was stumped by this photo, taken on the occasion of my third birthday.
chinese chicken salad with fresh mandarin oranges, scallions, snap peas, persian cucumbers, cilantro & toasted almonds in a lime-rice wine vinaigrette
Pet Staff Quest
So are you ready to love an African man? Get set. Replace candle lit dinners with warm firewood, don’t play new music from a cassette or instead sing his praises. Sing to him about his sexual prowess and how great a hunter he once was. Sing praises for his wisdom and knowledge and for his mastery in adding more wives to the home. Burn those red clothes and other red items that make you look like a desperate witch. The demands are high before you enjoy the true love of an African man.
So, I had an interesting thought the other day.
Week 28 and getting big!!
I have to say that the hair care solution was a little bumpier of a
When to use: Whenever two opposing players are shown together in anticipation of a key matchup, and one of those players is better. Use this quote in a voiceover for the superior player. Utilizing Tyson’ distinctly timid voice is a must.
waiting for me to collect
The best part I love is although we always make this fresh and finish it at one meal, it would work equally wonderful even if made ahead and refrigerated a day in advance.
The road was very busy and we had to stop sometimes for the men to stand against the side of the bus. I was sick once but one man was sick lots of times.
Creative Imaginations. I used cardstock, rubberstamp for Happy dad's day, flowers, pearls and gems.
“Mom’s romantic comedies. I don’t understand them, but they’re fun.”
UPDATE -
“Well, I’m afraid I have answered,” replied the gentleman with scrupulous courtesy. It wasn’t matched by a young fellow a few seats down who yelled “Leave the bloke alone, you idiot!”
Playing post rock music looks cool to me, but actually I can't listen to music without lyrics over 3 mins. It's so boring. The songs of Mighty Coala are short to keep me awake while I play. =)
Haney's son, Chris, was a pitcher in the 1990s for the Royals, Indians, Red Sox, Expos and Cubs. He was also a member of my fantasy teams in the mid-90s.
He had a light supper about three hours ago--much lighter than I had hoped; his appetite is not good these days and he refused two different kinds of dog food before I gave him the last triangle of leftover quiche, which he ate happily. I am already worrying about what to give him for breakfast.
"To be completely honest, this one is my absolute favorite"
I picked this book to read and review because I really like Amish fiction. This is my first reading of Barbara Cameron’s books, and he writing amazes me. To me, this book is a little different from most of the Amish stories I read. The Amish community in this book seems to me more understanding of the English ways, and not so condemning, even though they are strict in their beliefs. In enjoyed the awesome wisdom of Jennie’s Amish grandmother Phoebe . In every situation they faced, Phoebe’s words of wisdom were just the right advice. She was not bitter about life, though she has reasons to be. She was a fun loving grandmother and friend. I love the book cover, it fits the storyline of the book, and makes the characters look interesting.
Just to warn you, this review is likely to be quite long, and you may not survive the tsunami of love that will spill out from it.
**Side note - I had a few followers comment and email me about the dress I was wearing in the previous post! I got it from Copper Penny over the summer, and the brand is Ark & Co. I actually got it for only $80, which is quite a steal at Copper Penny!
And yet, I truly appreciate masterji’s effort now, so many years later when I am finally learning to listen well. I cannot thank him enough. The magical evening started with an 80-minute recital of Raag Yaman, and moved on to renditions in Raag Hamir and Raag Anandi, concluding with a thumri in Raag Pilu. In the end, there was silence and lots of happiness in the room!
See our Rugged Heroes enter the George Hotel (average age of resident 106), ragged, sweaty, under-dressed and just a tad ripe to be greeted with a warm smile and directions to the cocktail bar. As our hero sits and enjoys his fizzy black sugar-free soft drink, and his robust side-kick takes a man-sized swallow of his sample of the local brewers best, the following conversation ensues:
I don’t talk much about religion. It is not that I don’t believe in god. I was raised a Protestant. I attended Catholic High School. I studied reglions of the world in school. I came to the conclusion that religion is for people who need answers. They need something to believe in ……to go on. While I seek answers too, I am not inclined to believe things on blind faith. So there is where we part ways.
Is this film really positing a moral question about culpability in raising a mass-murdering psychopath? Or is it sort of an elaborate ruse to say raising boys is hell? To be sure, the boy in this movie is eminently despicable; but you’re not sure whether he’s personality disordered because the mother played by Tilda Swinton is herself, pretty disorderly. If that was your mother, you might be driven to a spree killing too.
I totally adore that I can just toss on the cover and keep this stored in the garage, and the dirt stays nice and fresh. And because it's a bucket with an awesome handle, toting it around the yard from place to place is now a breeze!
To qualify, your entry can be any paper craft project with some type of ribbon or twine. Our design team has come up with a wonderful variety of examples to give you a few ideas on incorporating fibers into your projects.
Both dad a pre-sleep pee and I nursed them both to sleep (one at a time). 9pm is very early to bed in our hous, but we had an unusually early and crabby morning. I’m a real ogre when I get roused ungently from a dream state by screetching toddler blubbering in my throat.
As Sun King’s Robinson implies, as the chosen container has become smaller, more easily reproduced and efficient, beer’s transportability has steadily been enhanced, and the experience of drinking beer inexorably removed from its point of origin in the brewery, far past a place where the brewer has control of his creation. For a brewpub, where most house beer is enjoyed on the premises, this means less. For a brewery dependent on distribution, packaging decisions are life and death.
We have been citizens there since Billy had Transverse Myelitis when he was three and a half, and had a temporary workers visa for maybe a year before that.
In the world of Urban Fantasy I’ve come to acquire a sweet tooth for certain things. Vampires and werewolves, Valkyrie, unique takes on witches, fairies, well done (and I mean really well done) love triangles, demons, and most of all Greek Mythology are a guaranteed purchase. Jennifer Estep’s debut into the YA world of Urban Fantasy (or paranormal YA) instantly made my list with it’s promise of Greek Mythology and Valkyries!! Her Elemental Assassin series already made my must-purchase-at-all-costs list and I just new this author would dazzle me.
persons/receivers – not available in other comparable transmitters. i10 will respond to Receiver Remote AVRCP commands (Play, Pause, Next, Previous). Smallest size compared to other products made by other brands in this category. This product is Made-for-iPod, Made-for-iPhone and Made-for-iPad, unlike many others that are only Made-for-iPod. Includes Authentication IC chip, which allows local iPod, iPhone, iPad volume adjustment – that is not possible with other Made-for-iPod only transmitters that do not include Authenticaion IC chip. Low power consumption, for many hours of wireless audio enjoyment with iPods, iPhones, iPads. No batteries needed, powered by iPod/iPhone/iPad. Attach to iPod/iPhone/iPad via 30-pin connector. Simple to operate. Bluetooth 2.1 + EDR, Class 2.
so all you have to do is include some flowers somewhere in your work, BUT you have to make them yourself either by using dies / punches, altering a ready bought one or using stuff from your stash.
I will not be distracted, I will not be... I wonder if I can find a cute little sign saying 'Beware of the zombie dog' online?
MOMUS – GIBBOUS MOON
great, and I want it. That's what the world can have.
Einstein was a genius they say. So was Leonardo da Vinci, Shakespeare, Beethoven and Van Gogh. Why? Because they displayed a unique way of thinking that separated them from the mainstream.
And it works out especially well, when you can marry the two, as we did here with the rusty bed spring trees. My sister, Beverly, made these...we all dabble in the springs, seems I never have time to post it all though.
I've given 10 years of my life in service to this country. I've been shot at and spit on and gone hungry more than once. You are not the 99%. You aren't even the 99% of your generation which includes many young people like my friends, people in their 20's and 30's, working hard, many who would give anything to have the opportunities you have had. Add to that the millions of us who have labored longer than you've been alive, making do with less, working harder, longer and smarter to ensure our family is safe and our country stays strong.
~EW.
I returned home late last night after spending 5 days on the road traveling for the NSCA TSAC Conference. My videos showed some of my preparation and execution for maintaining my balanced body while on the road. (If you missed those click here.)
I got used to the idea. After all she is a grown-up and can make her own decisions. Plus, I was there for the kids. They would still be fed and told they were loved before school. Actually, the time turned out to be quite nice. I was able to stay on top of things without worrying that what I was doing was being second-guessed.
“In Saudi Arabia, men holding hands in a sign of friendship and respect,” says Ninja Vicki. “But in Tennessee it’s a sign that sexual passion is brewing. How the hell are the Saudis more reasonable than Americans on this?”
He knew nothing of mothers. How could He? His died before His birth, and He was born from the womb of His father’s thigh. There were days he barely remembered Semele’s name. Yet when she was insulted, He raged within, and swore vengeance against His own kin.
Genre : Angst
1. Seriously? I’m not even explaining seriously and the next word. You know the reasons why.
One of those little orange balls that get tied onto beaches had appeared out of nowhere!
"The greed for gold departed
Dr. King's birthday offers an opportunity to write about the why. We were in Montgomery on a segregated bus the same year that Rosa Parks refused to relinquish her seat, and because of King's actions, our lives, and many others, have been transformed.
Government Production Reactors 103.4
Ten minutes later I was texting "It's getting better. This is genuinely astonishing. Threatening to be a Top 5 gig of all time."
AEI, Oil & Gas Deals By Type, 2006 to YTD 2012 5
11:15 - said waiter lazily trots to your neighbor's table, asks if they need anything, then leaves without a glance in your direction.
I know that for me, my baby book is sparse at best, and while I don't feel like I was neglected or less important as a child, I do wish I would have a place to read seemingly insignificant stories about the things I did when I was little. I would love to have something like that to compare to my own children - was I just as "flexible" as Addie and Nora when I was little? Does Jack get his severe food aversions from me? Did Ella get her brains from me (lol!!)?
It’s reawi serious that the working conditions for korean drama actors are as such. It seems like, despite the huge scandal that Han Ye Seul stirred up after protesting the bad working conditions for korean dramas, nothing has changed.
I will study for TOEIC test over a year from now, I hope I will be able to get good score in next year with that.
They called it pneumonia at first.
Nars Eye Shadow in Ondine ($35)
As for the whole French woman, fashion-beauty-thin thing...These are generalizations, of course, but not all French women are thin, chic, or gorgeous. Some French women have beautiful, impeccable style. Some have zip. What many women I see on the street must think of as "fashion" is a raggedy Wicked Witch of the West look to me. French women do like to buy products and take care of their skin, but the cosmetics industry worldwide is pulling the wool over our eyes and raking in billions of dollars by selling marketing concepts to women to freshen us up and young us up. "How to be like a French woman...You'll be like a French woman if you.....This is also what's happening with the idea that all French women are "thin" and "aging better." These are myths perpetuated with products, books, etc. to "sell" us something, which doesn't happen to have anything to do with reality. And these marketing concepts make women feel bad about themselves and feel like they must buy these products to "fix" themselves.
You certainly do not solve it by telling yourself that you should be happy. Why? Because 'should' doesn't put you at 'happy'. 'Should' puts you at 'still pre-happy'.
How is your family?
Tacitus, a Roman historian who wrote Annals in 115 CE, is considered one of the more accurate historians of the ancient world.
This happened late last week but I saved it for a TMI Thursday. No story to post–just a text conversation. Some of you may know I happen to call pooping “filming a movie”. I may or may not (occasionally) name my poops after movies. At the museum the other day I was sad to discover that filming was set to begin. Afterwards this text happened:
The last few days we have been under a full moon which always prevents me from sleeping - it makes my menopause insomnia problems worse - do any of you have problems with full moons preventing sleep? It has ALWAYS bothered me! I'd rather be able to sleep but this problem does give me some time to think about my plans to get back into making jewelry, contemplate ideas to open an online shop of some sort, ponder finishing some jewelry making projects and brain storming how to update my blog. It will be thrilling to resume jewelry making as it's an important part of my life! "Things will eventually get back under my control"...my new mantra!
Your Song
result of exhaustive pain, so it's a small transition period. It would also
Start with six tomatillos, with the papery skin removed, and two jalapenos (optional, I guess). Rinse them, but don’t worry about drying them well. Drizzle on some olive oil and sprinkle them with salt. Put them in a 400 degree oven (I used my cast iron pan, but you can use any baking dish) for about half an hour. They should be soft and the tomatillos will probably be bursting. Scrape everything into a blender (I actually used my immersion blender), add the juice of a lime, a pinch of salt, and some more olive oil, then blend until smooth.
Located inside the Walt Disney World gates, The Wyndham Grand Orlando Resort is just a short shuttle ride to all the excitement. We did two days at Disney parks and two days at the resort, it was the perfect balance.
Everyone has noticed the massive cut of art listings in the last Reader. What happened? Is this the new way art will be "listed" in the Reader. As a reporter on art, of sorts, people have been asking me if I know anything.
In a mixer, add the ingredients of cream cheese through maple syrup and combine until smooth. Then peel the baked sweet potato and add the flesh to the cream cheese mixture. Mix until just incorporated. Some small pieces of sweet potato may remain which is okay. Pour onto the crust and bake for 45 - 55 min at 325*F until just the center remains a little wobbly.
over the individual. This will quiet the mind chatter. The local mind
Today we ventured off to Carcassonne's Medieval City overlooking the modern town. The girls had read the book Labyrinth by Kate Moss which is based on the ancient fortress town. We thought they would like to see it. The Tollways make the trip from Provence to the Languedoc easy travelling at 120 to 130 kph. We covered the 250 kms in less than 3 hours.
Greater Manchester Police is now being investigated by the IPCC over the failings of its first investigation in 2008.
It seems that life is most unjust!
Cast : Michael Madsen, Lee Majors, Francesco Quinn, Joe Estevez, Kerry Wallum, Winfred Pollard, Landon Kash, Christina Fernandez, Tim Curry, John Gholson, Jon Boatwright, Danielle Rene, Brendan Rien, Andrew Barrett, Tavaris Kelly
Apparently considered a sign of intellect because these little delights resemble the brain when cracked open, walnuts are an important source of omega-3 fatty acids, one of the highest sources of anti-oxidants found in any nut, and an especially good source of vitamin E as well as other vitamins and minerals.
What eventually inspired me to stop procrastinating and start up the rickshaw again was attending a panel discussion in DC about Pakistan, led by none other than our dynamic Finance Minister Dr. Hafeez Sheikh and the new ambassador to the US, Sherry Rehman. The title of the discussion was ‘Pakistan: The Untold Story’. Umair happened to accompany me to this particular event, and we both were bemused and frustrated by the level of discussion. The purpose of the event, a small gathering held at the World Bank, was to tell people that it is not all doom and gloom in Pakistan. I thought it was a brilliant idea, get the academic community in DC jazzed about Pakistan, and to get them to look beyond the negativity that surrounds the country. However, what ended up happening was that the Pakistanis on the panel began to paint a picture of sunshine and roses blooming back home - i.e. they took 'positive' to a whole different level.
A home is - or, more critically, COULD be - a giant amusement park of your own design. The question is whether you want to design it with your head or with your heart. Designed with your head, an amusement park is likely to be similar to the parks you've actually visited; a few thrill rides like roller coasters, with some more subdued ones like carousels. There might be games, and shows, and food, and very short lines; there would certainly be no shortage of fun. But things would likely be be safe, too. There would be beginnings and endings, maps and hours, some sense of limitation in terms of size and scope, and rules about who could go on which ride.
I do want to draw attention to the numbers. There are more white recipients of food stamp benefits – now aptly named the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program – than there are black recipients. However, relative to their size of the population, African Americans disproportionately receive the benefits. It is a boldfaced lie to claim any group, white or black, can cause budgetary disarray if even 1 percent of that group fraudulently collected those benefits.
To make a difference, to teach,
I’ve released a track through the Corporate Records web label. It’s sort of Myspace meets a record label. Anyone can sign up and sell/give away tracks. It’s been created by the band the Indelicates. This is in no way a sponsored plug, it actually seems like a pretty cool idea. Although if Corporate Records are willing to pay for a publicist….
Philip said to him, ‘Master, show us the Father, and that will be enough for us.’
Is pi really 3.14?
Me: HE WHAT? He took his cast off?
Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year to all!
It’s not okay. As blunt as it sounds, it annoys me to no end when people simply say, “Oh come on, it’s not a big deal,” when it comes not missing out the opportunity to learn an instrument as a child.
By grace, after several hours wrestling with the magnitude of this injustice - life calls me into the garden where I partake of a plant. And suddenly as the smoke rise, mind sinks. There are no burn wards, there are no heartbroken mothers, there are no corrupt cops. There is no injustice and stupidity. There is simply the sun, the uncurling leaves, the sweetest aromatic smells of spring. My amygdala dance in joy and delight. The malachite sunbird swoops in op die wilde dagga. The life has risen again. It is unfurling and I am experiencing it. Full on beauty. No concepts or stories.
So ...
My three "takeaway tips" were:
I picked up some Essie goodies at Target the other day and I'm in love with the Smooth Trick, Deep-Conditioning Cuticle Oil! The packaging is genius and it's really the best $7.79 I've spent in a long time. :) I will get into more detail in a few weeks. I use it all the time! It's just super easy to use, and mess free. My cuticles look and feel amazing. :) I have yet to try the Disappearing Trick, but if my friend Holly uses it, I know it's good (and its also the reason I went to buy it)! Check out her nail video here. :D
This brings me to Saturday afternoon. I was cutting Kyle's hair. Kyle has crazy hair. It is perfectly straight. There is no body to it. However, it it extremely thick and very coarse and tends to stick out in all different directions if we let it grow out even the slightest bit. So I just take the clippers and I buzz his head. It works best that way. He likes it that Mommy then spends the next week and a half rubbing his head because I love that "peach fuzz" feel.
When observing human behavior gets too much for my nerves during unpreoccupied moments I sometimes fantasize I could just escape in between the pages of a piece of literature. This usually happens when I’m stuck in traffic inside a public transport, waiting in long lines in the grocery or restaurants or for certain people, or any situation for that matter that requires me to wait for forever and a half. Although I always have in my bag the book that I’m currently reading most of the time I wish I’m reading instead that certain novel which I’ve been wanting to get my teeth into but don’t have the book yet. That’s why I came up with the idea of “bluetoothing” the e-books I’ve downloaded from the internet, which I seem to have lost interest in reading because reading literature on a laptop is just so unappealingly sad and cumbersome, to the android phone so that when the need for me to read them comes up again I could just barely touch the android screen and voila, I have escaped.
5 Not to take away from the commandments of the Torah
It's not going to be easy picking the Top 3, but we will announce all the winners on the 7th.
a whiff of it sailed by me last summer when i spotted this vanity on craigslist for THIRTY DOLLARS. no, it's not a waterfall vanity but it brought me back my glittering grandmother and her elegant vanity. perhaps it was the honey-warm wood or golden goodness of the hardware....
“The highest goal of music is to connect one’s soul to their Divine Nature, not entertainment.”
Except us.
Your speechwriters have a better grasp of the situation than you do.
“Yes, sir. They take a bit of getting used to,” the pilot was surprised that the general was familiar with the PLA’s newest attack helicopter.
It’s the tropics – everything grows like weeds, right? Couldn’t be easier growing things?! Er, no.
Lectures, and hands-on training. Leaders say the $ 2 million facility, is needed now.
Fabritac is hands down my favorite adhesive and it worked really well for this project. Super tight hold and a fast drying time. I needed only a small dollop on the bottom of each plate to attach the flower.
It's been three long years since those emails. I have come to realize that it's best for me to have no expectations about my dad changing, about him missing me "enough." It is easier to live in reality than it is to wait and hope. Every once in a while, I will feel a bit of compassion for him, his lifestyle, his pressures, and I am so sorry that our relationship has gone this way. Most days, however, I am simply grateful to be free. Free from the approval and praised based mentality, that if I do right, I am worth loving. It's still a long journey, but I am working toward a full embrace of my self-worth...free from outcomes and perfection...free from the story I
In the past 5 weeks, I went from 194.6 to 203... about a 9 pound weight gain. Yeah, I've been feeling like crud! Then this week happened. Again, I'm not sure what I'm doing right or wrong, but it feels like my body is throwing a "hissy fit" with all these changes.
“It’s certainly throwing up a warning flag,” Dr. Biro said. “I think we need to think about the stuff we’re exposing our bodies to and the bodies of our kids. This is a wake-up call, and I think we need to pay attention to it.”
* present a wonderful face to the world
1 lb. dry white beans, soaked overnight
“For all of our 35-year history, New Ways Ministry has been strongly supported by Catholic women religious in the United States. This support, manifested by so many generous and courageous acts, has, indeed, been the backbone of our bridge-building ministry for lesbian/gay Catholics and the wider church community.
The problem is getting sufficient quantities of the stuff. The solution according to one scientist working on a helium-3 fusion reactor is to mine the isotope on the Moon and bring it back to Earth. The Moon's surface is thought to contain a million tons. At the current price of $7,000 a gram with a little more than 900,000 grams to a ton, that works out to be about $6.3 quadrillion. One could expect the price to decline somewhat should a steady supply become available.
I used to draw and paint on an almost daily basis, but since having Roarke I’m lucky if I do one thing a year!
“I’ve been playing well all year so I was pretty confident. But trying not to let myself get carried away. I just wanted to come out and start steady and strong and play my way into the tournament, which I’ve done.”
See you Sunday between 3 and 7pm and probably later as it's a party after all! 1604 Queen St. West, Toronto ON.
I cannot imagine my mother even knowing what "an afternoon gown" might be, let alone wearing one in beige crepe with a small matching hat. It was another life, but a false start -- the start of another life she almost led -- a life I like to imagine would have been far happier than the one she lived, though I would not exist. Had Justin died before my book went to press, I would have written about this odd experience of reading his obituary which made no mention of my mother.
Capsicum- ½ cut into juliennes
Factory Records FAC 13/FAC 13.12
The move shouldn't be a surprise to diehard Traficant watchers.
General Geldenhuys, together with 62 other writers are writing a book with 92 chapters about the South African Border War on the Namibia/Angola border (1966-1989). The book is called “We were there”.
History According to her account, Kathy’s childhood was characterized by two alcoholic parents who exhibited violence toward each other and Kathy. They divorced when Kathy was 5 and Kathy lived with her mother and a series of “stepfathers” who physically and sexually abused her. Kathy’s mother confirmed much of this abuse in sessions with Kathy’s therapist. Kathy was first hospitalized at age 13 following a Tylenol overdose. Shortly thereafter she refused to go to school and lived on the streets where she traded sex for food and shelter. Kathy was picked up by the juvenile authorities and spent the next 4 years in a residential program as a ward of the state.
And scores of others.
Tonight, ML just laid her down and came upstairs without sitting in there and she went right to sleep :) I'm sure there will still be some tough nights and such, but I'm so thankful it's off to a good start!
Hyperwear (www.hyperwear.com) created a great new fitness tool that has some universal practicalities that are making a lot waves in the fitness industry.
Before I started making cards for OWH I used glitter on a majority of my projects. I love the bling! So I have lots and lots of it in lots and lots of varieties gathering dust.. But that's a small price to pay for our soldiers!
They say experience is what you get when you don't get what you want. But Senator Kennedy had a talent for turning personal experiences into collective dividends. As a young boy living in London, he witnessed the preparations for World War II -- and he became a pivotal leader opposing the rush to war in Iraq....
Half Pint Saltiare Triple Chocoholic, 4.8% abv, 284mls, Units : 1.36
You have to cook them. Because of the moths, ants and mould, there is a lot of halving, coring, trimming, quartering and peeling. You then stew them or bake them. As mine are never whole, pristine fruit like the ones in the photo, nabbed via Google, stewing is the go.
just before I gathered all the ends and then
1) I once signed my own death warrant. It was required as part of the paperwork for our move to Saudi Arabia. My shaking hand made my signature hard to read. Fortunately, I did nothing to make the Saudi officials feel the need to carry it out.
As well as language teaching, I also coach Spaniards in interview techniques when applying for a position at one of the many multi-nationals that have made Madrid their European base.
I’ve forgiven myself for the abuse I put myself though, I forgave my mother for the hurt she caused when I was a child (that’s a different bridge), and I forgave my grandmother for what she said too. But I had to also accept the reason she said “I don’t want anything more to do with you if you stay with him”, she was trying to make me see that he was hurting me, she was trying to protect me. My mother passed last year and I’m glad we had the chance to repair our relationship before she left because it would’ve broken my heart even more if we hadn’t. (I love you Mom, I miss you you’re always in my heart. Thank you for everything you gave me love, support, encouragement and discipline. I never could have done it without you). My grandmother (my mom’s mom) is 98 years old and though she can’t get around like she used to she is still alert and active, our relationship has been renewed and she told me “We love each other that’s all that matters”. Though my relationship with my children is still at odds I love them dearly and won’t give up on them and the hope of us coming together as a family again.
Than freezing to death
Filipinos are divided on the result of the Pacquiao-Marquez fight. They seem to agree on one thing though – Dyan Castillejo is the female Jake Joson.
617. Black Diamond Steak @ Tiki Bar (Spring Mt., PA) 5:10 p.m.
Amazon Sales Rank: #10913 in Home Improvement
the farmers would have lost their crops.
Needless to say, we may be absent from the Blogosphere for a week or two.
For only absolute software programs, have a look at Spector Professional personal computer Monitoring procedure. It really is fairly low-cost well below $ 100. You should think about your requirements funds to find out what 1 you purchase. Joyful shopping along with your security alarms lookup.
The home would use solar and wind energy and have a green roof, water catchment and gray water system.
Let’s face it, there are only so many dinner salads in the world. And I don’t want to start relying on the microwave too much. All those preservatives make me just the slightest bit nervous. Is Susan Marlowe paranoid? Google food additives and see just how squeamish it makes you.
It was a wonderful party, filled with princesses, super heroes, family and friends. We love you Princess Abby!
The drama centered on whether the game’s most recognizable player – Florida quarterback Tim Tebow – was going to play or sit out a top-five showdown against LSU on Oct.10
One tablespoon of chia seeds is 2.7 grams of protein. I add two of them to my smoothies (they taste like nothing) and get more than 5 grams of protein right there. Then I add a tablespoon of spirulina, which has 5 grams all on it's own. That's more than 10 grams of protein in that one drink, before I add any fruits or greens! That rivals any commercial protein shakes that rely on casein (which The China Study links to cancer.)
1) The heavily irradiated failed nuclear complex at Chernobyl will soon be "encased in steel."
and joel being gone has pretty much consumed my thoughts. i can't talk about much, and that makes it harder, and i definitely can't write about it, except to say he's gone. and sometimes i don't even feel comfortable putting that out there (by the way, i have two giant, ferocious dogs who will eat you if you aren't supposed to be here. and i know combatives, just in case there are any bad guys reading this. i will cut you. ). my mom is staying with us while joel is gone, in part to help me, and in part so we can help her. and that makes things easier. at least i am not alone in a house with a toddler. i can already feel my brain turning to mush.
After we did the scale, she than took us to the exam room where she started in on us. She started in on my partner by saying something. Than it was my turn for her check my blood pressure it was ok.
and the whitecaps crash.
Thanks, Kirsten. And break a leg with the show!
NOTE: With it we bless our Lord and Father, and with it we curse men who are made in God’s likeness. James 3:9 HCSB
In addition to some of his standards, he tells stories that are rambling accounts of dead wives and a dead son, religion, a struggle to live, addiction, and salvation. Some are clearly better than others, but all are good and all can cause some serious introspection if you're listening to the words.
It’s hard to hear her in an atmosphere that lacks want. In one that’s not so hungry. So I need to find a way to her again despite my other strategies and yes, successes. Because those other successes were a kind of life sentence for her. She’s somewhere back there. I hope she’ll forgive me for abandoning her once I finally find a way to break her out.
Revenue was up 13% to $101.4 million due to increased production, offset by the weakening in rough diamond prices experienced since July 2011 following on from the prevailing climate of global economic uncertainty led by the Eurozone sovereign debt crisis.
It should be noted that Proton has denied recent reports speculating that it might be looking at selling a stake in Group Lotus, which was in the midst of a five-year turnaround exercise.
He’ll tell you all this because he knows that while you’re trying to wrap your truth-based, best-intentions-seeking, western mind around his double-talk, he can get you fighting amongst yourselves and then stab you in the back… or the front, if you prefer…
This last paragraph is the reason I chose this letter for QueryShark. I've never seen the problem of multiple viewpoints addressed quite this elegantly. The main part of the letter is in Emily's viewpoint, and we get a strong sense of her voice and character.
and mimicked the austere lines of war
15 Helplessness Blues
As he aged, Scotty slowed down a lot due to arthritis. As he got infirm and couldn't go for long walks anymore, we often carried him in a baby sling when we went for a walk just so Scotty could have an outing. Towards the end, his hearing diminished to the point we'd have to yell in his ear to get his attention, but he always heard and understood "go for a ride" and would get excited. And even though his vision was clouded with cataracts, he still enjoyed his perch in the window and the view to the outside world.
bonds – and those bonds are being bought and sold on the world
They know in their bones what meat is. They know how to prepare it. They know it can be a creature that flies and runs and feels pain and has babies, and looks very cute when it sits in the trees outside and nibbles a nut held between its paws or dabbles upside down in the pond.
And then I came to this senior photo taken in late 2010 and posted by Will:
I tried to explain that is not possible, since Orlando is in the middle of the state.
If y'all have not visited her blog it is a must read and see. Be sure and check out several of her gorgeous rooms. You can check it out here and tell her I sent ya. K?
I'm a sucker for chevron! I really am. I was dreaming of how I could spruce up Audrey's room the other day. I dreamt up painting a chevron design onto a canvas that can be hung on the wall. I love the result and it's so easy! It's the perfect project for an afternoon. You could really scale this to any size.
She'd help others up where she could......
But never see;
Advocating Pædophilia, Bestiality and other un-natural sex, A Jew may marry a three year old girl (specifically, three years "and a day" old). Sanhedrin 54b . A Jew may have sex with a child as long as the child is less than nine years old. Kethuboth 11b . "When a grown-up man has intercourse with a little girl it is nothing." Yebamoth 59b . A woman who had intercourse with a beast is eligible to marry a Jewish priest. A woman who has sex with a dæmon is also eligible to marry a Jewish priest. Abodah Zarah 17a. States that there is not a whore in the world that Rabbi Eleazar has not had sex with. Yebhamoth 11b: "Sexual intercourse with a little girl is permitted if she is of three years of age."
Presented by North Saskatchewan Riverkeeper and North Saskatchewan Watershed Alliance
Settle For Nothing by Rage Against the Machine
In other words, I think it’s all in the dress and the posture. The different body types are gratuitous. They do contribute to the total effect — but only if the figures are shown side by side and with different clothes. In isolation either body would do as long as the clothes were different. That means the clothes and posture are teaching us about the body types, not vice versa.
I dunno, just begs the question – which God is more powerful? The one in your pocket? Or the one in your HEART?
Raspberries and Chocolate. What a wonderful combination. Many thanks to Rachelle of Mommy? I'm Hungry! for picking this recipe for our Tuesdays with Dorie choice this week. Please drop by her blog. She has the prettiest backgound and her site is full of recipes, product reviews, and fabulous photos! Thank you Rachelle for choosing such a fabulous dessert.
Oak trees do not produce acorns until they are fifty years of age or older.
I have a majorly delish (and easy!) salad recipe over at Whole Living Daily. Summer string beans get a facelift with my favorite herb, tarragon, roasted hazelnuts, feta, and a delectable maple mustard vinaigrette. Crispy, cool, pure summer-in-a-bowl.
I've been trying very hard to contain "happy dance" behaviour. I've not always been successful...
Bake for 20-30 minutes or until cooked through.
to the friends who have graciously acknowleged and supported her
We've got lots of beautiful, wildly colored lambs this year with a good balance of ewes and rams. Twenty-five on the ground right now, waiting for two more ewes to lamb and then we're done for the season. I'll surely get some more pictures soon...and try to get more fleeces skirted and ready to ship out, too!
Margarett Perry is an award-winning director of new plays. Favorite Off-Broadway credits include Call Me Waldo by Rob Ackerman (Working Theatre), Clean Alternatives by Brian Dykstra (59E59, Fringe First Award-Edinburgh), First Prize by Israela Margalit (Arclight), The Body Politic by Richard Abrons (59E59) and A Play On Words by Brian Dykstra (59E59) and the extended Off Broadway run of Brian Dykstra’s The Jesus Factor at the Barrow Street Theatre. Margarett has directed more than 15 productions for the Kitchen Theatre in Ithaca including world premieres by Rachel Axler, Rob Ackerman, Brian Dykstra and Darian Dauchan, as well as classics including Old Times and Private Lives. She is also a regular at the Human Race Theatre Company where this season she directed God of Carnage and where her productions have won Day Tony Awards for Best Overall Production (Painting Churches) and Best Ensemble (Retreat from Moscow). Margarett was the Producing Artistic Director of Access Theater in NYC for six years where she directed and produced numerous plays and world premieres. She is an Artistic Fellow at The Lark Play Development Center where she has worked with a variety of writers developing their work.
and tossing heads
Aww. Isn't spring grand? Only another month of hormones until summer.
Before we go any further, I'll say I'm not suggesting I've never written Bad Flash. I'm sure I have. I'm still learning and I'm not trying to fool anybody that I'm some kind of expert. But when I see stuff that has so few redeeming features being heralded as great writing, it annoys me, both as a reader and writer. Here's what I'm talking about:
Glued our figure to the lid of the jar. Filled the jar with hot water. Added some glitter. Added some glycerin. (We have a huge jar left over from when we made bubbles.) Screwed the lid on. Flipped over. Some we had too much water and made a mess. Some we had too little water and had to add water. Some we had too much glitter. ETC. It was definitely a learning process. There is no formula to making these perfect. It is all trial and error. Which is how I do everything anyway.
They left Tallifold that day, journeying north to where autumn touched the summer woods of Avalarn. The wind teased their cloaks with curious fingers. The sky dreamed blue above them. The woods whispered wise about them.
My dear friend Dave is actually in Dublin right now to run the Dublin Marathon. He travels around to different parts of the world running marathons. I would like to do that too! Except I'll replace marathons with bakeries. So, note to Dave...if you see some Cadbury Milk Chocolate chunks, pick up a few bags for me! ;)
Sometimes little Charlie likes to relax by going into Hector and Abbies cage (when they are not there of course) and having a sing song.
Ron Grainer: The Prisoner Main Theme (Full Version)
In 1967, psychiatrists Holmes & Rahe set out to study the relationship between stress and illness. They surveyed 5,000 people and asked if they had experienced any of a list life events in the previous two years. Through the study, they were able to rank stressful life events from most stressful to the least. Here is what they came up with from most stressful to least:
On November 4, 2008, Californians voted to amend the state’s constitution to define marriage as between “one man and one woman,” thus throwing the marriages of my friends into a legal limbo. I haven’t asked, but I assume that Shirley was one of the millions of Californians who voted to ban same-sex marriage. Most people of her generation, it later turned out, voted for Proposition 8; most people my age (and even more younger than me) voted against it. Most people in rural areas voted for it; most people in cities voted against.
Kai: "but we will still miss Camille"
Well, I'm glad you asked. Because this is where the story gets saucy...
Have any of you ever sewn with a hand crank machine? Were you able to control the fabric with just one hand, or did you have someone crank it for you while you fed the fabric under the presser foot -- an obedient child or loyal spouse, perhaps?
“Reliable witnesses? Believable?”
Enter the daily draw in the South Granville neighbourhood contest via Social Media for a chance to win great gifts for you and your mom from participating South Granville Merchants. South Granville will be giving away great gift packages to one lucky winner every day from May 5-11, 2012 and a Grand Prize Giveaway on Saturday, May 12, 2012, worth over $2,000, all in celebration of Mother’s Day!
I stamped the flower from "in bloom" onto white card stock and colored it with Copics. I used the one that looked most like the inspiration piece. (R32) I also added some lavender (V22) to the petals. I stamped the gray flag with Hero Art's plaid stamp and heat embossed it with clear embossing powder. I also added the sentiment which I stamped onto cream paper. I also added some lavender gems.
I am outa here for the day.. just outa here..
Un Cojone!
- She has know that a key is used to unlock a door for well over a year, despite me saying anything to her about it.
Certainly this is not to say that Judaists constitute the bulk of occult believers and practitioners.
Sookie went to the Moon Goddess Emporium and asked a very reluctant Marnie for a reading. Marnie told Sookie that she heard the voice of an older person who was very close to her – aka her Gran. She said the spirit is warning her not to give her new love her heart because the situation won’t last (heartbreaking! Why can’t it last?!) Knowing that Sookie would be listening to Marnie’s thoughts, Gran started talking directly to her and told her this woman is a danger and to run, which she did.
What is Modenus, you may ask? Modenus is a networking platform and resourcing catalog for the interior design community. Designers, and really anyone passionate about interior design, can connect in forums and find design inspiration on a daily basis. Their catalog features some of the very best furniture, tile, lighting, and more from around the world. They also offer project management functionality for design trade professionals. Founder Veronika Miller, who has an extensive background in kitchen design, founded Modenus to serve needs of the designer she felt were unmet in the industry. They are an international outfit, with offices in the US and England, which provides a much more global coverage of design than many other sites offer. Click here to read more. They've also now started an über-exciting project called BlogTour where they bring together design bloggers from around the world in small groups to attend some of the biggest design shows around. This year they are doing tours in New York, Milan, Paris and London. In the spirit of full disclosure, I'm hoping to be selected for either Paris or London next Fall, but I'll be sure to be following the tweets and posts from all the design/blogger groups as they tour the world.
Newsmaker of the Year:
I washed and cleaned the car. Did other maintenance on it when it was called for. I keep my home clean even though my home office looks like a mess most of the time. I sometimes store things away and make the room very clean and tidy only to mess it up again. I always think it reflects that my mind is always at work on something and often switching from one thing to another so fast there’s no time to store away the first before bringing out the second. Result is a chaos. However a genius can handle chaos. Not saying I’m a genius but I do create chaos.
Look for ways to live your abundance. Pay for the food of the driver behind you in the drive-thru. Be of service. Love the skin you are in by loving the skin of others even more.
7. When you’re hungry, where are you most likely to look first? The refrigerator, or the pantry? It depends on what I’m in the mood for. If I’m craving something salty, the pantry for some popcorn or pretzels or something. If I want fruit, the fruit bowl or fridge. And if I want cheese or a real meal, the fridge or freezer.
And I know, this may sound strange – coming from someone who follows the Wiccan faith – but the words are strong in their potential, and carry their own weight, no matter who speaks them.
Colonic
And bearing in mind where the reputation of the News of the World now stands, who is to say he might not yet be able to make a comeback, in the same way that the former Labour leader in Glasgow, Pat Lally, kept doing, so as to gain the title “Lazarus?”
Ordinary World
H2Ooo Social recomendations:
“The media also said that we have killed the father of Abu Darda, so as to pass a message to him, because he had leaked our secrets after his arrest by security agencies, and they wanted himto know that he is one of our targets. These are all lies, and they are many.
Third, LG was in a second-hand store this past weekend with Mrs. LG and he came across a bunch of old photographs that were salvaged from various estate sales. LG purchased a number of these photos (some are pretty old) and he will be publishing them one-at-a-time on The LG Report over the next week or so. Here's the first:
DW: Good point.
cyberstitches.com
I can't wait to hear what's next for Duane, please read on to get in on the conversation…
Just like all of you I need to find a better balance between necessity and passion.
Sycamore Bar and Flower Shop
Side One -
So hugely transformation and healing! My intention is to offer 1 Intensive per month and welcome inquiries. Same as with Mackay I am willing to travel and because of our extensive travel schedule we are going to be in many parts of the world over the next year. It feels important to share about this here as few people have experience or understanding of this way of working and processing and the exceptional benefits to be gained.
Anyway - I decided that I would be like those savings/coupon blogs and show you all the groceries that I snagged today...
If it were me in this situation, I might tell Grandma "The kids like to read at the table at restaurants when we are waiting for food." Knowing this, Grandma has the choice whether to join the family at a restaurant.
We cannot control the reactions of others. However, although people may initially react when you change the way you are by speaking honestly, in the end it raises the relationship to a whole new and healthier level. Either that or it releases the unhealthy relationship from your life. Either way, you win.
I'm thinking Spring...even though the thermometer reads barely above 40-degrees today, my daffodils confirm my belief. And, with St. Patrick's Day just a few weeks away, I thought I'd get started on baking some shortbread to give as gifts.
"Modern means of communication—the power afforded by print, telephone, wireless and so forth, of rapidly putting through directive strategic or technical conceptions to a great number of cooperating centers, of getting quick replies and effective discussion—have opened up a new world of political processes. Ideas and phrases can now be given an effectiveness greater than the effectiveness of any personality and stronger than any sectional interest. The common design can be documented and sustained against perversion and betrayal. It can be elaborated and developed steadily and widely without personal, local and sectional misunderstanding."
“I’m so glad you took up the fight, Gisela, “ said Kendra. “I’m just so amazed that we keep having to re-fight the battles of the past. I thought the issue had been settled decades ago. It’s so confounding.”
Then there's this, which may be hopeless. This was given to me to see what I can do with it.
In the end, the waiting CAN kill my child.
and here it is after 3PM on a saturday...this is so not good....but, what can you do? or say? people will work out their issues because the doctor is definitely NOT IN!
Mu (無) is used as a prefix to denote absence (such as the English suffix -less). It is used in Zen to contemplate the inexpressible nothingness, to which one can’t even refer, as it has nothing to which to point. It is ultimately ineffable and no matter what words we use to try to grasp this idea, we will always fail.
"Al can be El Guapo."
2 tablespoons cream liqueur
Back to the regular Google News alert for mobile learning.
John Smith’s Grand National. After finishing unplaced in a handicap hurdle at Leopardstown in January, he chased home his stablemate Vic Venturi in the Grade Two Bobbyjo Chase at Fairyhouse on February 20, 2010 before running a blinding race at Aintree under 11st 6lb, finishing second to Don’t Push It. He wasn’t raced for almost two years because of a tendon injury, but returned in the Bobbyjo Chase on February 12 and showed he still remains plenty of ability when finishing the six-length second to Prince De Beauchene. The last 13-year-old to win the John Smith’s Grand National was Sergeant Murphy in
I would love to some of these in my Etsy shop-I did edit the pattern quite heavily. We shall see whether or not I do.
What’s missing here? Well, the valuable resource of time, but also, education early on. Here are some of the questions authors are prone to ask, and typical publisher responses they hear.
It was to be made in a crock-pot,
It was a lot of work, and stress, and worry but in the end it turned out well.
I ended up ringing Telstra so many times, and waiting through that ear-piercing waiting music (what is that?? specially designed ear torture?? It makes my ears bleed, no joke) that eventually, I kind of gave up. Until today.
1 – Yard Sales. Yup. It’s definitely that time of year again to start pulling out all the junk you’ve collected since last summer and sell it! Someone’s junk is always someone else’s treasure!
closer to the enlightenment for which hearts often yearn.
I do, what most every mother blessed with babies does.. housework, washing, sorting out tiffs between the girls, disciplining them and guiding them, navigating marriage and parenting just like the rest of us...and along the way trying to live in the moment and in love...
Nomic Tribes*
A Holiday Treat for Children Everywhere, has been the motto of the Parade since the beginning, which is why the procession’s finale features the biggest star of all, Macy’s one-and-only Santa Claus. As his sleigh comes into view and the start of the holiday season is upon us, Santa wishes the nation a very Merry Christmas.
Arrange files in sequence of deadlines, either left to right or right to left. The project with the closest deadline will be placed either extreme left or right, depending on preference. Some may prefer organising alphabetically by project name or project serial number (if any). Whatever works for you. I find it easier to manage time when the deadlines are clearly displayed in their order of urgency.
The problem is not modesty; it is the person who has taken modesty, coupled with whatever influences there might be in life, and made a particular application and response to it.
As I began painting, there were areas on the wall that had little cracks or chips. I used my paint brush to fill in these little gaps and bumps. The paint did a wonderful job of camouflage, making them not quite so unsightly. They are still there, though; I may be the only one who knows it, because I know where to look. I can still see them lightly through the paint if I look very closely.
War is quiet. The animals know to flee. The residents of the house disappear from view. as their property and yard become a battlefield. They huddle in a cellar, a barn, or escape to a cave or copse of trees, any shelter in hopes they will be spared. This is ground zero and a there is a still, eerie quiet , so quiet it is as both sides stopped breathing. The stillness hovers over terrified soldiers as they wait for the engagement of another day. One of many that they have seen and one of the many they will face again.
“Why were you on that plane, Chris?” Donna said.
These are great because you can download an editable PDF file and type out the text you want directly onto the label (great for messy handwriters!)
Take out baking beans and brush with beaten egg
November 2 - Sid Melton, actor (Alf on "Green Acres"), 94
