Digital Scrapbooking is about passion, hobby, work, dream but also friendship. Each day we learn something about each other, we tell ourselves stories about our life, about what makes us happy and sad. We talk not only about the passion, but also everything that happens around us.
Spike I know you are busy man we share a lot in common including being a Knicks fan. We both love brooklyn for what it taught us and respect Atlanta for experiences it brought us.
Time to get back to the rankings – up next the women’s 400 meter hurdles.
We passed the gate of the cemetery and took the road to the village through the woods.
Blammo.... The android humanoid behind the terminal had smoke coming out of his ears now and was about to explode into a million pieces. I was sure that he was just waiting for me to say something in a swishy accent, like "Oh hello... I need to buy some of that like stuff that you put into your engine that makes it like not overheat or something. Do you have anything like that here in a pretty color?"
This photo illustrates a challenge for photographers, however. How does one get a good photo of the blossoms? The grow only at the top.
And I hope someone sent Neil Young a copy of (Baby, Baby) Can I Invade Your Country. It succeeds much better at addressing the ridiculousness of George Dubya and his invasion of Iraq than Neil's turgid and earnest lyrics on Living with War.
Sweet Mother is updated daily. If you’d like to follow this blog, you can do so by hitting the “follow” button at the top of the page.
1. I need to make some decisions and need time to plan some things out. So I will share more as soon as I’ve worked out the details.
Now to the meat of the drought – we’re thinking it’s not much of one if at all. For the past two weeks, it has rained pretty much every day and almost all day long. We spent several days emptying out a bucket from the overflow of our water butt and also from a drip in our gutter. Then we got smart and went and purchased another water butt. Now this butt is also full. Our garden is so saturated that it is swampy in the low areas. I squish when I walk across the grass/moss. I expect to find ducks out there any day splashing about in the puddles. Also, we visited Ham House which is a historical manor and located on the Thames. The Thames was out of its banks and well across several walkways in the area.
CARTAGENA, Colombia (AP) - When a grand piano played an off-key note, drug police in this Caribbean port opened it up and found some 560 pounds of cocaine stuffed inside.
The White House said in a statement that the deal sends "a united and unambiguous signal to President Saleh that he must respond to the aspirations of the Yemeni people by transferring power immediately."
Most women of a certain age are well aware that advertising is so fake there should be a law against it, but are they really aware? My 72 year-old mother doesn't follow beauty blogs or read fashion magazines. If she were to flip through a magazine in a doctor's waiting room, what's to stop her from seeing an ad and believe the impossible in her naïveté?
God chose me for you and He chose you for me.
But of all the amazing and beautiful decor there was that night, I think the MOST amazing and beautiful had to be . . .
I should forbid myself from blogging anything, now that I’m very busy at the moment, particularly on that issue.
I caved last week and tried to find a stylist close by. The only one that a friend of mine recommended was no longer taking cut clients.
1tsp Sambhar powder
I hope everyone has a great weekend and enjoys Halloween!
I received an email from a guy on a dating website. (This is how my best stories start, and this one is the best of the best.)
The report says that around 6,500 Welsh speakers die annually and 5,200 move away, out-pacing adult learners and children learning or raised in Welsh.
Because of this, we were advised we should help her with grooming.
I thought about this for a few days and in multiple ways of how it would influence me.
As evidence for their view that proteins could self-organize to form the basis of life, they pointed to the fact that amino acids bond with certain other amino acids better than others, making certain sequences more likely than others. This explained how the biological information necessary for life could arise without DNA, RNA, and the transcription-translation process.[1]
Mulholland Drive: A Dream
Seriously folks, I almost hurt myself on this one! After making some adjustments to the original recipe, I came up with a fantastic little treat with a great bacony bite and a maple taste. This may seem like a lot of work for 24 mini cheese cakes, but come on now, it's bacon!
Beyond their faith in young people’s nature and competence, what really makes Sudbury schools unique is that their structure is determined by the people directly involved. That is, everything from the rules to the budget to hiring is shaped by a democratic process in which a student’s vote is equal to that of any adult. This structure is flexible—within each Sudbury school, and among the various schools—and changes can be made at any time.
The problem is, nobody knows its there. Nobody knows to put the pieces together. Nobody understands that there are literally 100′s of trillions of “collective” investments and funds that have been acquired by these individual governments that have been hidden in plain sight for decades, by separating the total governments wealth into individual and seemingly insignificant government funds and investments across the country. When considered collectively, these massive investment funds would pay off all debt in this country, and if worked correctly could eliminate all taxes through public-taxpayer instead of private-non-taxpayer investment of the same sort. This is what Walter Burien and CAFR1 are trying to achieve. This is the solution I mentioned earlier. His Tax Retirement Funds (TRF’s) are this country’s saving grace. Learn more about them here: (http://taxretirement.com/)
There might even be a special surprise, but you'll have to watch this space to find out what it might be!
2 Tbsp. olive oil
The children asked Mrs. Obama about life in the White House, her campaign against childhood obesity, the White House garden – and whether she could make school recesses longer. She dodged that last one.
Till tomorrow.
'She's amazing!'
Here are some other annoying questions I found online:
When you go on your summer vacation
SHOWING OFF YOUR STEMS
When the public library in Amanzimtoti was completely vandalized by vindictive black school children on numerous occasions, my own kids also bore the brunt. Their school rucksacks containing textbooks and completed projects were also stolen on several occasions, and often at the most inconvenient times. I can recall how we also battled to find suitable library books and other sources of information for the many school projects, -- but we never gave up. By the time Internet access became a popular and useful tool for the completion of projects, a good second-hand set of encyclopaedias could be picked up at most pawnshops or in JunkMail for under R100, - even R50 if you were lucky! A little imagination and a good set of encyclopaedias was all one needed to complete most of the OBE projects.
There are three Basic components of Inductive Bible Study: Doscovery, Interprtation and Exposition. So the questions we are faced with right now are – will I submit my life to the message of God? Will I yield my will totally to Him and seek above all else to follow his direction formy life? Will I attempt to force my own views on the Bible and seek to find evidence that supports those views? OR will I submit my mind and my will to the message God has given and commit myself to seeking to know and do His will for my life?
Sveaborg was now a Russian fortress and its mission was to protect the waterways to St Petersburg, but during the first half of the nineteenth century, it was neglected. With the outbreak of the Crimean War, Russia attempted to bolster the islands' fortifications, but in August 1855 the Anglo-French fleet bombarded Sveaborg for two days before sailing off. Sveaborg was rebuilt and went through the rest of the century unscathed. The fortress was now a place where several cultures and religions mixed. A Russian Orthodox church and school were built, along with military hospitals and barracks.
I've decided to offer some in a more versatile format. Strung on a simple knotted cord they are a fun casual necklace. Easily removed they can be worn as a ring. Of course now I'm wanting to make some pieces similar to these that are meant to be worn entirely as necklaces - square holes, smaller holes etc...
In my beach house dream I'd have white plank wood floors, but because of the humidity and temperature changes in the room, hardwood was not an option.
“Who seeing Peter and John about to go into the temple asked an alms. And Peter, fastening his eyes upon him with John, said, Look on us.”
While I was cooking pancetta I threw all the ingredients into the slow cooker except for the pasta, then added the cooked pancetta. I let it cook at low for 8 hours. At the 6 1/2 hour mark I added the pasta and let it go for about a 1/2 hour more. I then served it with a nice crusty bread.
And I hope that we never again hesitate to stand up and speak proudly to the glory of our gods and the falsehoods stacked against them.
we grilled steaks & enjoyed just hanging out with her.
The standard term for this particular financial loan is 1-a couple weeks but by paying excess quantity, this term is often continuous to a thirty days. Another mode of getting immediate cash financial loan is InchAn internet based immediate cash financial loanInch because very same is often utilized with out inching out in your own home which is pretty much fast, subject to your meeting the standards.
“Maintenance of aircraft was a serious problem due to a shortage of parts and poor working conditions. The need for maintenance was high due to the need to fly aircraft well above their normal operating limits. Work during the monsoon season mostly had to be done at night due to the heat. There were no hangers for aircraft maintenance. All maintenance work had to be done in the aircraft parking areas. Make shift covers had to be placed over engines to complete engine work during the rainy season.” (Below maintenance in Natal)
Houses aren't just houses, they're symbols of humanity. More than that, they're symbols of the human experience. It's not just because we spend all of our time in our houses; we don't. In fact many of us spend considerably more time outside our houses than in. Still, our houses are the places from which we launch our days and then retire our days. Our houses are where we let our hair down and take off our masks. Our houses are where we dream our dreams and scheme our schemes, conjure up ideas and wrestle with fears. Our houses house, contain, hide and at the same time express our lives.
Tidying the desk. Checking e-mails every ten minutes. And waiting.
The proof of the preceding theorem relies on the a strong concentration property for Gaussian processes. First, we recall the classical isoperimetric inequality for Gaussian space (see, for instance, (2.9) here).
Surely there could bo no truer picture taken of Jesus at any point in His life than as He appeared in that last view of Him which this world enjoyed. In heaven now he is still a blessing Savior, holding up pierced hands before God in intercession, and reaching down gracious hands full of benedictions for our sad, sinful earth.
Let's talk about that for a moment. Why is despair a sin? Very simple: with God there is always hope. So to despair is, in some way, a denial of God's power and grace.
I understand history on three levels.
Since the 2009 aero rules sidepods are extremely limited in the openings they are allowed, so most of the flow has to exit between the rear wheels. Normally sidepods send the heated air from the radiators back through the tapered rear (known as the coke bottle, due to its shape). In a simple sidepod this means the coke bottle ends with an opening and the hot air passes out and over the diffuser. However this makes the tail of the coke bottle unduly wide, which creates a blockage between the rear wheels and blocks flow over the diffuser. Red Bull discovered with the RB5 that the radiator airflow can pass up towards the centre of the car and exit above the gearbox in a bulged opening. This keeps the tail of the coke bottle nice and narrow.
But most of the food is in cans so I think it should be okay.
Alexander Tsui, DMD, Founder of APEX
we thought we would share them with you
There, is the clamour and heat of the air
Paper Crafters Library has a challenge that I kind of liked so here is my sample :) I basically followed along with Tracy's, I thought it was really pretty.
Nice little pogo punk split release. The Dread also did a split with the Capitalist Casualties. My copy also came with a Godsquad sticker.
The 1933 film King Kong (remade in 1976 and 2005) tells the story of a giant pre-historic creature which rules over a lost island (Skull Island) where it defeats all comers. Ultimately the creature is captured by a group of adventurers and brought back to New York, where it runs amok and is ultimately destroyed by man’s superior technology.
How does a police service give clear guidance where there remains an ongoing argument between clinicians who call for more research? Well, where issues of clinical risk are concerned, it is perfectly proper to argue that the police should acknowledge their limitations and seek the correct advice from suitable professionals.
This playful little fellow, with his tussled hair, is ready to gallop alongside his toy stick horse. You can find this wonderful Bell Horses - Li'l Cowboy digital image at Elisabeth Bell's Digital Gallery here.
We hold a Congressional Briefing every time there’s a Lobby Day to offer in-depth testimonies from a variety of people who have been effected by eating disorders. This Spring, the spotlight was on diversity, because eating disorders don’t discriminate by race, gender, orientation, cultural background, or socioeconomic status.
A propane grill or charcoal grill for cooking food when you no longer have power. This is great and makes the most sense because grills are portable. If you loose your home you could take your grill (assuming you have a portable one). I recently bought a grill. I’ve always had one because I love to BBQ, nothing taste better than food cooked on the grill. I choose a propane weber grill and kept my small charcoal grill. I did this for two reason 1. I may not always be able to afford propane. I keep two large fuel tanks, and many smaller propane tanks. While these are good for now and will get me through a year + without power. There may come a time when I can no longer afford propane. If that is the case then I have my portable charcoal grill. 2. I’ve stocked up on charcoal. During the great depression many people would go to railroad tracks looking for pieces of left over charcoal. Luckily, for me there are still train tracks where I live that transfer coal.
Hubby has always recommend this resort in Pattaya, I would say yes too if you have kids!
Like I said. I need to ease myself back into Blog Land.
Producer Andrew Bell said they had been doing shots of the Cape Flats from Ou Kaapse Weg when the thieves struck, smashing a window in their vehicle and stealing a lens, microphones and other camera equipment.
I come back out less than an hour later and my smokes and my dad's 50 year old zippo are gone.
with lots of vintage advertising stuff on it?
Watched a documentary tonight about profiteering in the Iraq war by private companies like Halliburton, Caci, Titan, Blackwater, and others. I'm always amused that the same folks protesting using tax money to provide healthcare to their neighbors didn't raise a peep when Halliburton was charging U.S. taxpayers $100 a pop to do a load of laundry for soldiers, and whose blatant disregard for said soldiers' health resulted in death and dismemberment of troops and civilians.
The only thing I would add is this:
And Life is too short...
curdles
Dr Naomi Howell is an expert in this field. Together with Professor Philip Schwyzer, she is working on two projects, the Leverhulme-funded Speaking with the Dead: Histories of Memory in Sacred Space and the EU-funded The Past in its Place: Histories of Memory in English and Welsh Locates, which investigate changing attitudes to memory and commemoration in English cathedrals, from the middle ages to the modern Era.
So, how did that all manifest, here, on Sweet Mother? Well, when I say that I wanted to attract a certain kind of person, here, I never sat down and created a list of traits that would make up my perfect reader. That’s not it at all. It’s that I always wrote with a specific intention. I do not like the “darker” side of the internet – the side that harasses children (and adults) with abusive and trolling comments, hate speech, and a “gain followers at all costs” sort of mentality. I DO believe you can be mind-blowingly funny while also “doing no harm.” Maybe because Wifesy is a doctor for little furry things that I’m such a lover of the hippocratic oath – “do no harm.” I think I have learned to internalize that as a strategy for all my internet presences. That doesn’t mean I’m never scathing. I like to scathe (can I say that?) when it’s justified. There are many people who should be both scathed and then filleted. Am I someone who should judge who and when? Yes. At least in this space, Oh Lord, YEEES.
Perhaps I should get religion. Or go to the pub. Or enter a Buddhist monastery. The Japanese nobility of Heian times regarded that as a perfectly valid retirement option once one’s children were grown up and settled. What their wives thought isn’t recorded. Perhaps they were obliged to become Buddhist nuns. Supermum wouldn’t be having any of that.
6. Who do you admire most as a writer?
Anyway, enough of the chin-stroking. It's all about lists, innit? Here's mine, in chronological order, of the Exceptional Shows I Saw In 2011.
Next, I dripped on some black refill ink and blew it around carefully with a little straw (this part took much longer to get the correct). On a pumpkin, if you make a mistake just clean it up with hand sanitizer and some tissues (I must have gone through half a box of tissue and my fingers look like Dalmatians now). However, after much care and practice I got a twisted tree shape that's a little bigger than I hoped, but my pumpkin is tiny, and the drops are large for this scale.
Jackie: When we started thinking about it, I really wanted a name that didn’t have any other connotations. Max suggested naming ourselves after a stray cat that lived behind his house named Grayson, which is a common last name. So, we started with that, played around with the letters and came up with ‘grayceon.’ Then we googled the word and the search engine said that it didn’t exist. Perfect!
We'll be having her funeral this week, only 2 weeks after little Emery's.
Aaand, that's all for today, folks. Remember to scroll back up and re-read the underlined "remember" above. Yes, I used the word "remember" twice in that sentence.
Hey Diva's! Finally Halloween is over and my mind can rest for a little while before it starts wondering what we are going to be next year! This year we changed our minds about a billion times before Crew member 4 decided for us what we were going to be, PIRATES!! I would have never thought that we would dress up as Pirates but we did and I can say even though things were last minute and we were down to Crew Members (The Hubby and Crew Member 1 who is a "teen" and is now to "Cool" to go trick or treating but not to "Cool" to raid his sisters candy bags lol) we Rocked it!
Do the elders of the church have an obligation to “feed the flock” (Acts 20:28)? If so, does the flock have a duty to yield to their persuasion, submitting to their guidance (Heb. 13:17)? If, then, the elders attempt to nourish the church at appointed times, does the Christian have the right to frivolously decide whether or not he will follow their leadership in this regard? To argue, as some do, “Prove to me that I have to attend the Bible classes,” reveals a pitifully blighted condition of soul. Where else would a spiritual person want to be? (Christian Courier, August 2000, p. 15).
We took the “Wine Essentials” class recently at Cellar Rat, which is a nice store in the Crossroads with a good selection. Those who read this blog know I’m more a beer guy, but I do enjoy a good wine and have always enjoyed visiting this shop. They go out of their way to be enthusiastic and not pretentious about wine. They organize their store by price: the entire center section is wines under $25, while the more expensive bottles line the walls.
He considered himself a journalist first, but also took equal pride in the words he put to paper.
● the underpinning of the foundations of a building.
There is always something to watch in the kitchen, and as the evening progresses, we can tell when the kitchen is in full swing. The peak of service gradually tapers off and as the kitchen is scrubbed down, the action switches to the pastry section.
Flaked Oats
my absolute favorite ornaments though as the ones that were personalized for my brother and i each year by a friend of my mom’s. i’ll post about those later, when i can share pictures and you can truly appreciate the uniqueness and why they are special to me.
17. One of your wish list items? pain-free
Jefferson Airplane White rabbits US
OKAY! OKAY! This is really nothing new for him! Happy? He just has a knack for picking shit films once in a while and this is unfortunately another one he probably won’t want to put on his resume. He’s playing an interminably dull and boring priest who Megan Fox Lite hires to do an exorcism on her. They team up with the only basketball playing expert on exorcisms ever – it’s good to have multiple talents! – and sit around and talk about boring stuff some more.
- Writer's Beware (a manifestation of the misplaced aspostrophe disease which seems to afflict so many people. Think about it. Which writer does Beware belong to?)
I never write a blog directly from my head… there is always a blended flow of energy happening within me. Nothing felt blended. I just felt awake at an ungodly hour of the morning!!
My skin prickled in warning and I felt a heavy stare on me. I looked around and saw the old man watching me again. Why is he so interested in us and that stupid bucket of fish? I shifted and my knee bumped the top of the bucket.
disembodied, reaching out
The second step to improving your credit score is to take control of your monthly debt. Your credit score reflects what you owed at the time of your last billing cycle and the amount of credit that you have available. People with the highest credit scores only use 10% of their total available credit each month. To maintain good credit you must keep your monthly debt under 25% and not utilize more than 25% of your available credit each month.
NO Railings, ironwork repair or addition
It makes you wonder at the beginning of each news day, when the list of stories is put together from hundreds of sources, who makes the cuts in TV news rooms across the country? Who decides what’s important, or what we don’t need to know about? What are the criteria?
Because info gets shared in drips and drabs our perspective is negative, because they do not have the whole picture, they don’t have a bird’s eye-view of the situation. The story above could be dragged out over weeks and even months, providing all the detail of every little thing that happened to the poor guy until the day he got fired. After that he is without work and struggling to make ends meet.
Get it here:
As most of you probably already know, Space Cadet is from Orly's popular collection, Cosmic FX. It's a multi-chrome and its effects are much more noticeable than the rest. I was at CVS last year when I found Lunar Eclipse, Out Of This World, and Halley's Comet by total chance! Sadly, no Space Cadet, but something cool happened later. Turns out my brother's girlfriend at the time had it and she gave it to my mom, who then gave it to me because she knew how much I wanted it. You can imagine how happy I was! It's that much more special to me because of how it ended up in my stash. Without further ado, here's Space Cadet!
Do you have a place where rainbows grow
I read all 25 stories...this shit is excellent, a satisfying jaunt for real heads...write a book jack!
Now I don’t just want a photograph, I want something that reveals a bit about the subject. The front of this church is beautiful and popular in many photographs of Exeter, on postcards, in calendars, etc; but what makes it beautiful are its elements. The angles and shapes. The arches, octagons and rectangles. The details and composition. So I wanted a photo that captured a few of those elements.
I'm giving thanks. Instead of complaining. Instead of finding fault. Instead of turning inward, closing up, which hurts less.
Pendragon: Take him away.
The claim that there must be a first cause sounds like a rational argument. Why isn’t it considered scientific? At the risk of doing violence to philosophical thought, one simple reason is that it is not based on empirical evidence. Faced with our universe, the scientist does indeed ask “how did it get here?” and has provided one possible answer in the form of the Big Bang. Some religious thinkers have argued that learning about the Big Bang is like seeing “the face of God.”
"You come from the middle class, Bible belt, church raised, food always on the table, SAHM, Ministers wife, women's ministry passionate life! How you ever think you are going to relate to those women?"
It’s not just how you look but what you sound like. Anywhere in the world, accents send out clues to someone’s social status and upbringing – I blogged about it recently.
I think it would be interesting to try this out. Some students may prefer this method, but most students will likely move towards simplifying radicals without drawing pictures. But by drawing pictures as they are learning this skill, students will be connecting mathematical ideas and building conceptual understanding. New learning (simplifying radicals in Math 10) will be connected to prior learning (concept of a square root introduced in Math 8). Students will have a more solid understanding of why perfect squares are used.
So you can see why I wanted the perfect nude pump, but only in my price range. Never in a million years did I dream that I would find, in my exact size, some gorgeous Aldo MOOS pumps in Natural (going for $75 plus shipping on their website), brand-new looking, at my local thrift store for $6. Yup, you heard right. Six. Dollars. I'm one happy girl. The Thrift Store gods smiled upon me.
How? I honestly have no idea.
I prep my applique pieces with freezer paper. Cutting each shape out of the paper, and then placing the paper on the back side of the fabric with the shiny side up. Using a mini iron, I fold the fabric over the paper, ironing it down so it sticks. Here is the finished leaf, all edges neatly turned under and ready to applique down. The pattern calls for these to be fused down, but I prefer needle turned so no raw edges.
*Upgrade to 4R PHOTO MAGNETS
55. Lord Swinfen - Unpaid director of Swinfen Charitable Trust who have American Telemedicine Association as their partners for global crisis work using telehealth technology. Lord Swinfen is also an unpaid director of The American Telemedicine Association, which has multiple members who supply the NHS and private health care. The members according to the website: 'Play a special role in shaping the future of the telemedicine industry. The American Telemedicine Association has written a new legislative proposal to the American congress to expand the use of telemedicine. Voted loyally on Health and Social Care bill. Telecare is expanding throughout the NHS as a way of treating people from home. These companies that are part of the American Telemedicine Association are set to benefit.
Like I said, my list was pretty simple this year. Doesn't take much to make me happy. Here's to 2012 and all the cool finds and experiences that await. :)
You might not think that you are a marketing and sales person, but if you own or work in a small business think again. When you’re in business for yourself – whether you like it or not, feel like you’re good at it or not – you are a marketing and sales person.
Did you happen to notice I said the lens is SUPPOSED to unscrew from the front mount? Well, I don't see how it could have ever fit on this camera. The lens piece on this Pet is quite a bit smaller than the part it's supposed to screw into. So small that it just falls right through with space to breathe. I'm not sure if this is from swapping lenses with another Pet that may have been designed differently, or whatever, but it certainly doesn't screw into place. I'm told this is not uncommon. The only way to get the lens to stay in place is to get some electrical tape, cut it into a thin enough strip and wrap it around the lens once or twice, depending on how much space you need to fill. Then you just wedge it into the opening from the back until it looks straight.
No. Winner in this whole unpleasant business has to go to the fact that these women were surrounded by forty stewards, ejected from the stadium, and held by Fifa for several hours in what they call a 'facility', for the crime of looking quite hot and wearing orange mini skirts.
As a boy if I didn’t have a toy weapon (guns, rifles, bow-and-arrows, etc.) I made them–and I had great opportunities to make many weapons. John Eldredge calls it the cowboy stage of a males development (Wild at Heart/Waking the Dead). During this time I jumped: off roofs, out of 2nd story windows, out of trees, and out of moving vehicles, all the while killing imaginary enemies or being a dare-devil. A discarded can or dirt clod are hand-grenades (dirt clods are great because they fragment on impact).
The Samaritans' Secret by Matt Beynon Rees
There is also another antique Queensland Hospital bed on eBay at the moment. This one is very Florence Nightingale style. I can see it in an old rambling Queenslander with high ceilings and whitewashed floors. I'd be tempted by this one as well if we were in the market for beds.
There are so many things I could write about that week. I could try to describe the way we spent day after day, lying by the pool, talking almost non-stop, the words and the laughter tripping over themselves to be heard. I could conjure up the people we met; the funny Essex boys who tried so hard to impress, the two quiet Austrians who we'd come to know much better.
It’s March 31. We have one month left in our Tropical Winter Home. It’s a bit sad to realize it’s coming to a close so soon.
well
I wish I started writing when I first learned to feel and to react, when I started making up stories (for a creative writing elective, and that filipino subject i was too lazy to attend to back in college–”alamat ng rosas”). I wish I wrote thoughts down. Have I done it, would I have chosen a different path and be at a different place now? This thought, I haven’t really thought of, not until now. But I dare not find the answer. There’s no reason for me to dwell about it now.
· could be the provider have the ability to provide a quickly making decisions method
- 1 (heaped) tbsp of paprika powder (I used more)
Someone is in love with me, head over heels
It's easy to make. First go and make yourself a lard-n-butter crust and pre-bake it.
Chocolat/Chocolate
H & M is deemed a leader of current marketing trends – they’re establishing an emotional connection with their consumer by practicing Sustainability and embracing Cause Marketing.
By 1 April* - regulations laid in parliament
They add a chill to the
My plans for 2012 include reading at least as many books as I did this year, including some classics that have been collecting dust on my shelf. Thanks to John Wiswell for the push in that direction.
Does a softer ground mean more
about the brain. A queer rumbling
We now carry an extra bit of kit… rope! Tee hee.
I really enjoyed Throne of the Crescent Moon, which not only has a lively, quick-moving plot but, more importantly, many well-drawn and believable characters, not least of all Adoulla Makhslood. It's rare to see a fat, bearded, and balding man portrayed heroically in a sword-and-sorcery tale such as this one; it helps, of course, that Adoulla is as charming as he is erudite. But Adoulla is not alone. Both Raseed and Zamia feel like real people, with all the quirks and contradictions one expects. The book is also noteworthy in its positive presentation of religion. The society of the Crescent Moon Kingdoms is suffused with religiosity in a way that's generally absent from a lot of medieval European-style fantasy. It's not just window dressing added by the author but an integral part of the setting he's created. I really appreciated that.
18% of students in grades 6-8 said they had been cyberbullied at least once in the last couple of months; and 6% said it had happened to them 2 or more times (Kowalski et al., 2005);
Though I didn't take any pictures, a leprechaun did make his way into our house through the kitchen window on Friday night. He left a trail of green glitter along the counter, where he got into the cookies, dumped over the oatmeal canister, and then hid two pots of gold ( foil wrapped chocolates) behind the other canisters.
- The Fall of Britain and UKIP member, This government hasn’t a clue!, 30/3/2012 21:12
2. The update went smoothly but i had faced one twist when trying get the phone recognized. This is what i did,
The problem is that sometimes that ray of light can only do so much. As any plant, they need water to grow, fertilizer to gain strength, a gardener to look and tend to it, and so many other things that a green thumb can provide that I have no idea about…but I do know that sunshine is not enough.
And I will sing it if I know the notes
Internet data extraction resources to extract data from HTML webpages from different websites as well as compare data. Every day there are lots of Internet sites in Hosting. See all web sites on the same day it is not feasible. These types of information exploration tools you’ll be able to view any web pages on the Internet. If you are using an array of applications, these scraping resources are very helpful for a person.
That afternoon, after having read the chapter in John about Jesus washing His disciples feet....Nevaeh got in the car and I began asking how her day went...what she had for snack and then I asked if she played outside. She had indeed. Very excitedly she asked me, "Guess what Mommy?" and I just knew that she had tried the monkey bars.....I was in NO WAY prepared for what she said next.
This is a thumbdrum. My dad gave it to me. He found it in Arkansas while on vacation many years ago. It's made from a gourd (coconuts can also be used). The tines are made of tempered steel and are numbered for easy playing. This type of instrument originates from Africa and is also commonly known as a sansa, kalimba, and thumb piano. It also came with a song book. You can get these in diatonic scale or pentatonic scale. Mine is diatonic. So far I've only been able to master "You are My Sunshine" I can tell you it's easier to play without finger nails. They tend to distort the sound of each note. It's really fun to play with and it's definitely a conversation piece when people come to the house.
Stay tuned for Part 3, coming soon to a harpist's blog near you...
If you've noticed the vintage worn looking lid on Rated, you're spot on: it isn't the original foil. It's such a silly thing, but when Rated arrived it was covered in Laser Lime (which sadly didn't survive breaking it's neck. Tragedy!) and the silver foil was gone, making the lid looking like yellowed plastic. I love this polish so much that I decided to used a silver foil polish to paint the lid and sealed it with ChG Fast Forward. Yep, I'm very silly like that. I'm a perfectionist in many ways, and I wanted Rated to look as gorgeous (as possible to remake) as the other 7 Kaleidoscope polishes I have.
The shift starts at 10:30pm. I probably won’t be able to get started until after midnight, when Thursday technically becomes Friday. With the hybrid schedule, I am supposed to work out seven days a week. The way it’s set up, I will technically be doing “day 6″ on “day 7,” but I don’t mind because I am NOT going to work out seven days a week anyway. Why? BECAUSE DAY 7 IS ALWAYS SUPPOSED TO BE YOGA X!!! That is just WAY too long of a workout to somehow cram in when I have to nap, get my kids, AND go to my second overnight shift on Friday night.
I thought of all you mothers out there--all my bloggy mom friends who I've not been good at keeping up with lately. I wondered how you all were doing. And I wondered what I'm making this week's (month's?) Question of the Week:
All of the 1906 items were returned to the strongbox, but to them were added current newspapers, copies of the 1938 Traffic Code and City Charter, reports from the Chamber of Commerce, and photographs of Austin as it looked in 1938.
The silken weavings of our afternoons,
Yes, I did really well until the police came a few times. See, when you make the wrong decisions in business you lose money but you don’t lose time and time is very precious because we don’t know how much we have.
- 1 tablespoon dried fruit (eg. Sultanas or 4 dried apricot halves)
‘Is there any other kind?’ he replies, making his tongue dart in and out.
Record store finally opened and of course they didn't have shit, but someone there told me the cool record store in town was a bit of a drive. So I packed up my shit for the day and headed out for Harvest Records.
“Pah! He’s coming here, boy. He’s been coming North for months and not missed a single Hall. We’re next.” Spittle flew as the Sherriff spoke. Rel ground his teeth. He was nineteen, not a boy, and he knew Clearsight. Pollack knew very little, except how to get on Rel’s nerves.
add tsp of cayenne pepper
YES Landscaping
No matter how good the ingredients for a sub, the one constant in the making a sub a sub is the sub ROLL.
- A la carte channels
Hours turn weeks turn years compiled
Place the meat in the crock.
So, all that I can do right now is breathe, give my self a little pat on the back for doing an exquisite job in the role of Drama Queen, surrender my Crown (and sketchy earrings) and simply trust in life again. This is about me stepping into a new idea that life is actually not out to hurt me but, if I persistently think that it will, then it will sure as Hell come back at me with a wild display of its hurtful goods, generous as it is.
The Iraqi Ambassador to Nigeria Mr Ali Al-Mery, on Sunday in Abuja stressed the need for closer cooperation, saying that both nations could tap from each other’s wealth of experience as they had a similar political history.
There are a few places where the word has been understood to mean, “one of a kind” or “incomparable.” For instance, in his article “The One and Only Son” Richard Longenecker calls attention to an occurrence in one early Christian source, an epistle written by Clement of Rome:
It is also the most potent of these three greenhouse gases as it is a much better absorber of infrared radiation; however, the total anthropogenic emissions are about six million metric tons of nitrogen as N2O compared to ten billion metric tons of carbon as CO2.
Those are your four nominees - now go vote (you'll find the poll in the sidebar to the right).
-Optional evening music venue
A poker player can win money back from the rake by signing up with an online poker affiliate. The concerned poker room keeps a track of the amount a player pays during the particular month. If a player has signed up through any of the affiliates, then that particular affiliate is paid by the poker room. The affiliate is paid a percentage for making that particular player join poker game. For almost every single hand that is played, the poker website receives their particular share and a part of it is given back through the affiliated rakeback website.
DEFINITIONS - Jury Nullification
Sunday, 10 am – 6 pm
Of course I needed a blackout solution and the linen drapes from IKEA were merely light filtering so I also used a textured blockout roller blind.
There is a Grails plugin called Background Service, which does the same task, but in the Grails way ( link – as in managed plugin, auto controller injection) . I did not have much luck with it, hence I decided to go with the GPars approach.
A week after I had sent that final email to Cutie, I was at work and going out for a smoke break when my phone buzzed, and sure enough it was from him!
Two. One to screw it in, and one to observe how the lightbulb itself symbolizes a single incandescent beacon of subjective reality in a netherworld of endless absurdity reaching out toward a maudlin cosmos of nothingness. ~ Anonymous
I had read some reviews saying that if you found bacon which didn't have that much fat on, it would be worth the money. At £1.46 I think I would have rather waited until more expensive bacon is on offer. We had this in a cabonara and as an egg and bacon sandwich, and it was just too salty. As the smoked bacon has the same amount of salt in it, I don't think I'll be trying it any time soon. Sainsburys normal own brand is much healthier, the salt is still in the red, but much lower than the Basics version.
How do you refocus your employees? And yourself.
Archeology
SLIGHTLY STOOPID 12/06 9/13/08 @ 12 noon
I'm in Phoenix tonight, and it's a balmy 108. I'm thinking it's hot!!!!! We drove down through Los Angeles and dropped off the sculpture above to MK and his wife in the bay area. They have wonderful art gallery and needed an anchor point for the room's center. Fabulous is an understatement.
I wanted to share selected exerpts from the preface of The Pursuit of God, written June 16, 1948. See his insight just as it exists today:
I love this picture. It was my favorite cover of the Batgirl comic series. Just pulling on the boot, getting ready to head out for a night of fighting crime, yet there is something so dainty and innocent about the picture, the way her toes are pointed, and the hint of a smile on her face. It epitomized the character of Stephanie Brown at the time.
Obama, like Carter, went on a government-spending spree in response to the recession with little to show for it.
Hope you all enjoy your weekend, I've got lots of cards to show so maybe back tomorrow.
So, please, let the kids discover Shakespeare (or not) on their own terms. If they never find joy in Shakespeare, I highly doubt that will negatively affect their life. But if they're force-fed Shakespeare against their will, I have no doubt that it will have a negative impact!
There’s some stuff about the old guy who did some stuff at the beach episode, and Haruka learning that Shu has the King’s Power now, and that Inori looking like the girl from the photographs is no coincidence. Gee, ya think?
Oh and, Ben dear, I just subscribed you so click the link in your email! Bwahaha!!!
Will the Democrats be able to resist the lobbyists? I am skeptical. That's why I will be paying close attention to Nancy Pelosi and the Democratic Party as the 110th Congress gets started.
4. This summer I started a photo diary of the construction work at the new library site. It is one block from us and I can see the work in progress. That will be fun to show the different stages after the new library opens.
Onboard this train (this train, now)
I am thankful for my life.
* Sketch Mode w/ 8 different brushes
Maybe I'll get out the spell and say that Aaron learned his letters on at 4 years old. :) He is reading short phrases now.
The knights, Trust and Love, of the round table
The dress form and my camera limitations cannot convey the depth of color and how lovely these really are in real life - but if you think its cute, trust me, you'll think its even cuter when it arrives on your doorstep!
Other companies involved represented other major tycoons, for example Admond Looh of Java Industries, listed on the KL Stock Exchange, who also received numerous timber concessions from the Musa regime.
Mr. Black plays Bernie in a way that really allows us to see what his fellow townspeople in Carthage saw and loved so much about the man. He creates a guy that’s just insanely likable, one who would always be there to help you out and who taught Sunday school and sang at church. When pitted against Shirley MacLaine‘s Nugent it all plays out wonderfully; her resisting Bernie’s charms at first though obviously then falling to them, and he trying to be nice to her too but eventually snapping after having had too much. Then there’s Matthew McConaughey doing a really nice job as the aforementioned district attorney, and he’s an actor who I didn’t care for much before but who now seems to be getting roles that really suit his talents, and I’m damn happy about that.
Before that has to happen, I’m going to watch Calico Cat Holmes’ pilot, starring Arashi’s Aiba Masaki!
Tilbrook said “I would never have thought that we got back together again after the last time we split up I thought that was it for us. In a weird way I was sort of happy with it, I was happy with my solo world and Chris was in his solo world… but it’s so nice to have the Squeeze thing back together again… we are going to work together on a record, a new record, and start writing together again…”
17. To The Beat (feat. Walter Mecca)
Can we just take a moment and reflect on that total loss? 14 pounds. That’s a dress size. Clothes fit and look better. My spring coat? I can button it again. I can’t tell you how happy that makes me. I am motivated. It ain’t easy and sure, I want to eat some ice cream, but I am determined to see this through. I know that weight shouldn’t define how you feel about yourself, but it does. When I am healthy, I feel better, not just physically but emotionally. I have more confidence and I know I project that when I feel good in my clothes and with my body. I am getting there. I will be there. The goal is by August, I will be 165. 14 more pounds to go. Hell, I’ve done that already. Half-way there baby!!
Come check out our new side stove corner for bread and egg.
I awoke to some extremely disconcerting tweets from Alton Brown this morning. Apparently a low-life bunglehole decided to create a Twitter account trying to pass itself (I'm using "it" because this scum is not worthy of being considered human) as AB's wife. In his replies back to this frog-toed nutjob, it was very clear the event rattled AB. Since the offender's account is now gone, there's not a trace of what was tweeted.
After Christ Church, Oxford – it still rankles that she did not make President of the Union, as when I mention another college, she says dreamily “I’d have been President if I’d gone there …” – she became a bestselling novelist. She wrote 15 chick-lit fantasies (such as Desire, Glitz and Sparkles) under her maiden name, Louise Bagshawe.
Quiet time
I only put her grass hay in it. I don't put her alfalfa in there. That way I thought maybe she wouldn't get completed mad at the Freedom Feeder. She NEVER wastes one tiny piece of her alfalfa anyway. It's always only the grass hay. The first morning after I fed her with it I found it ripped off the wall. This morning I see she only ate half a flake out of it. She's boycotting it. Fine. Boycott it, but her grass hay is still going in there. She'll learn. She doesn't rip things off the wall either so I think that might be part of her unemployed right now coming through. So anyway, now that you all know way more than you probably ever cared to about Klein's bathroom habits...
2. He gathers together the outcasts of Israel
According to Christian beliefs, the leader of this alleged rebellion and of the fallen angels is the devil, the beast, son of perdition, Lucifer, Satan or even Beelzebub, dependent on the dogma. When we examine the Book of Enoch, however, we find that the leader of the fallen angels and the one who approaches Enoch to speak to God on their behalf was named Azazel… NOT Lucifer, Satan or “the devil” as we have been indoctrinated into believing. Why is this relevant to the article’s subject matter? The Book of Enoch was rejected when the Bible was being compiled, as were numerous other texts, and remained hidden and unable to interfere with the religious doctrine they ruthlessly enforced for many centuries. With the advent of the printing press, much of this hidden knowledge was shared with the general public for the first time, not to mention playing a key role in the success of Luther’s and Calvin’s Reformation. If it is readily apparent that the church has kept texts and knowledge that provide an expanded view of “reality” from our past, it stands to reason that its agenda would include jealously defending its version of the end times against other prophecies or predictions.
We know the guy behind the wheel, he'd invited us to this event, and he clearly didn’t give a shit (if you’re offended, I’m sorry) about keeping his car clean. Perhaps the fact that this isn’t really his car, but it is owned by Landrover had something to do with that. Anyway, who cares. They clearly were having fun. He’d brought his sons to the event and kept them in the back of the car. Obviously there were no health-and-safety-people around. I mentioned to Landrover guy that it was perhaps a little dangerous to keep the kids in the open back of the car without seatbelts, but he answered: “Don’t worry, they are holding on tight.” Which was true.
Add a dropshadow of choice to all layers except the hearts and dotted line layers
But still all-woman!
The fly agaric mushroom is the exact replica of every toadstool mushroom you've ever seen illustrated in children's story books. In fact this *is* the original toadstool mushroom, except toadstool is the anglicisation of its Germanic origin - toad-stuhl or seat of death!
Have you ever wanted one product to do everything?
When Beth LaMonte rents a cottage on the coast of Maine, she wishes only to withdraw and paint. A mysterious ball of light disturbs her peace and leads her to a secret beach where she finds the diary of a girl who disappeared in 1975. Now Beth is on a mission, not only to bury her own past, but to put to rest the spirit of Firefly
First up is "Happy Retirement", which includes one scripture stamp, two sentiments, and a super gorgeous (and dreamy) scene.....perfect to use not only for retirement cards, but anything from vacation scrapbooks, birthday cards, encouragement, and much more!
I'm back up and running after two days down due to the bots flagging my blog as spam - argh! It's so frustrating when you don't know what you've done wrong or what you can do to make it better. However, the blogging gods have smiled on me and everything is tip top right now on both this blog and my new one over at Arachneas Attic - *fingers crossed we won't have any more problems*
The night ended when Player B leapt across the card table at DM A. Dice, character sheets, minis (for marching order) when flying. I had to separate them.
-You only buy items when they are on deep sale AND you have a coupon for it making it free or very cheap. Then you buy as many items as you have coupons so that you can stockpile that item until it goes on deep sale again.
Filter APP: Filterstorm, Snapseed
stood and considered, rolled again.
This comes at more or less the same time as Amazon is invoking the DMCA against an entity that provides software to enable the use of ebooks from other vendors on its Kindle products.
Global Programme of Action.
Dora, coming back uphill to meet them, frowned as she overheard. "What's not important?"
pinch of salt and pepper
and the rest simply isn’t so,
KENNEDY WAS ASSASSINATED – AND THE CLOCK RAN OUT IN 1994
When I awake, I hardly am able to read these scribblings from the dark. Ideas that I’ll forget in the morning, or whenever I awaken if I do not write them down; scary episodes, often with people that I know but who I know do not know each-other! Like the time that I felt something trying to surround and envelope me just as I was falling asleep in my darkened room and bed. As it squeezed me silently, I almost could not wake up and free myself from whatever presence that was!
Tyler Colvin 2011 A&G Relic Grey
When I started writing the content on this page in early February, much of my part of the country was under a state of emergency because of severe winter weather. Only emergency vehicles were allowed on the roads during the state of emergency, and if I hadn't stocked up on extra food beforehand, I would've been really hungry by the time the state of emergency was lifted.
Hi all, where is April going, hope you are all well, we have been super busy at work, so not had too much time to play lol!
In Tennessee politicians continue to try and legislate morality, instead of making reality-based decisions to address social problems such as teen pregnancy and STDs, with depressing if predictable results: Tennessee ranks 8th worst in the nation for teenage pregnancy. In fact, states with abstinence-only policies ranked dead last.
cheesecake begins to brown before the filling sets, tent the cake with
Our sweet valley is finally warming up. We've had three tremendous floods so far this year, with another one on the way. So that's been a lot of fun.
I’ve got the content, now who is going to read it? First off, who is my target audience? Who is the blog for? I will admit, this blog is selfishly for me. I want to learn more about blogging, and about the blog world, but in my journey I hope to leave a path for those to follow me. My target audience then is the new bloggers to come, but I do not think I am limited to that, I think that good lessons can resonate with even the most experienced blogger. Regardless of your audience you have to reach them somehow, and for how to do that I asked Jay (yet again), and in good old fashion Jay style he didn’t tell me. He did however give me a whole bunch of words to look up on google. Words like Search Engine Optimization (SEO), Google Analytics, Google Juice, Google Webmaster Tools, blog traffic, blog pingback, and “using social media to drive blog traffic.” My research into these topics made the box grow enormously, and I found I was in way over my head. In fact, Jay informed me he attended numerous seminars spanning many days to learn about such topics. I have absolutely no intention of putting together a seminar, or outlining in detail the technicalities of everything I’ve learned. Instead I’ll encourage you to do the same thing I did. Google those words, follow my links, read up on them, and if you one day get the chance; sit in on a webinar or seminar on the topcis. When you are not a professional, it’s best to just point at one (Oh Look! There’s Jay!).
- Time – have an overview
As I left Jeff with the kids at the restaurant tonight because I am frustrated that they aren't responding the way I want, I have gained even more appreciation for my parents. They were 16 and 19 when they were married and ended up being married for 37 years. They were not perfect, but they were an amazing example of love, dedication, faith and perseverance. It is not easy being a parent, but they taught me that the most important relationship is that of husband and wife and then you can be united as parents. I am so impressed that they both broke the cycle of broken marriages(of their own parents) and found comfort in a secure relationship with one another.
Safiyyah al-Suhail, an MP, said on Thursday that ‘some students have been recently arrested because they were wearing American jeans or had Western haircuts.’
They need all the love they can soak up.
If I could have anyone in the world, living or dead, be a guest at my dinner party, I would invite the following three people:
Moonraker - (Strong ale) 7.5% ABV
And how about hits find.
Creator of all, reached out to me
"You are such a worrier..." My boss used to always tell me. I'd stare at the ceiling at 2am running through my to do list over and over until I give up sleeping and start on them. No matter how well I try to hide it, people see traces of it. "You are so sensitive" is just another way of putting it, referring more to my worry over people's feeling getting hurt over tiny mistakes or overstated words. Though sometimes the worrying would create an opposite effect, pushing me into even more awkward poses.
find their way.
Are you ready for some photo inspiration this week at Dutch Dare Card Challenges? The possibilities are endless for your projects using this fabulous photo from Simply Hue. As soon as I saw it I went for the middle square as I knew I had some paper similar to those polka dots in my stash, now the task was to find it-lol!!!
Since it was Halloween the other day, I found some creature in tune with the holiday. The vampire squid and the coffin fish.
Even if we accept the premise that the Santa Cruz Island pig population really does need to be controlled or reduced, there are more humane and less draconian approaches. The Humane Society of the United States offered to help with a contraception program for pigs, using a vaccine developed by the Department of Agriculture’s National Wildlife Research Center and approved for experimental use by the Food and Drug Administration. But the Park Service and the Nature Conservancy simply said no.
Prequel to Cannes
11. Flintstones Jazz
At the end of the night, everyone decided to get in the huge hot tub at the reception location. We had all thought ahead to bring swimsuits (well most of us), so we dragged the keg over and grabbed someone's iPod, and had a great time. Jered apparently didn't think ahead, so he just stood around the outside of the hot tub looking like a creeper. About an hour passed, and he decided to just get in in his boxers. As soon as he got in, I got out and told my brother and Steph I was ready. I think we all were. We loaded up and went back to the bed and breakfast we were staying at.
Using PicMonkey, I managed to do a little experimenting. And this was the result:
David Katleski, president of the New York State Brewers Association, chimed in, noting, “The growth of the craft brewing industry in New York State is tremendous. Continued growth will greatly contribute to the number of jobs, tax dollars, and economic benefit to New York. Of all the beer sold in New York State, New York craft beer currently represents a 7.5% market share. One can only imagine the economic impact to our state if craft beer sales here reflected that of craft beer sales in Oregon, where they’re 30%.”
It took me approximately twice the time it takes me to shave my legs to get two palm-sized patches (mostly) hair free. While I will say that my skin was velvety smooth, it also burned. A lot. Although, what else can you really expect when you rub your skin repeatedly with sand paper? I would say that I will let everyone know how long it takes the hair to grow back... but realistically there's not point as no one should try this product.
This one is broken into 2 categories:
Hannah Montana Music JamHannah Montana: Music Jam
I thought I had a miscarriage the first time I had bleeding at around 2AM. There was a lot of blood and some blood clots too. I called my Hubby in Jakarta and he quickly rushed home in the afternoon. I had to bring Gwen to the hospital alone with me around 7AM and waited in the ER for my Gynae to arrive about 8AM (it was a Saturday). Thank God, my baby was ok..kicking and moving. I was 12 weeks pregnant that time.
Our Kroger Category Management Team has done much research on the practicality of keeping this item active in our stores. Many efforts were made to keep the item available because of its uniqueness to the popcorn line. However, our data continues to reflect slow activity and therefore low sales.
We learn that Melisandre’s views on good and evil are different from Stannis’, and she comes across as being very otherworldly in this scene. I thought the shadow demon baby looked incredible, and I’m glad that the showrunners decided to really go for it in this bizare, fantasy heavy scene, rather than tone things down. Also, even as a veteran reader of the books I still don’t have a handle on Melisandre. She’s demonstrated time and time again that her god, R’hllor, has legitimate power, but we still don’t know for sure who she serves. Her ability to birth a demon on short notice seems to indicate that she’s not necessarily a force for good.
If politicians cannot solve their problems, they have their sultans. I can speak about only Pahang because I know what my brother has done. He’s the people’s ruler. He takes care of everyone, not just the Malays and Tuanku Sultan Ahmad Shah is an approachable person.
We give you thanks and praise for always knowing the perfect plan for our lives that we may glorify and exalt you in all circumstances! Thank you for my friends and their faith and gratitude!!! In Christ Jesus, Amen!
'Why on earth would you want to look at pictures of hand-knitted socks?'. It was a good question, one that also lurked in my mind at the time.
“The trailers and the anthem of this show have been running on television for quite a while, but I had not seen the videos. When I heard it, I was shocked. In 2000, Euphoria released its second album Phir Dhoom, and one of its songs was named Satyameva Jayate. And the chorus of composer Ram Sampath’s version of Satyamev Jayate is exactly the same as the chants in our song. They’ve basically used the same refrain. Jo baaki ka gaana hai, that has different words and tune. But the mainstay of the song – the chorus – is ours. Which is why I’ve sent a legal notice to them,” says Palash.
Mix shredded chicken, rice and beans, enchilada sauce, and cheese together. Roll up the mixture in tortillas and top with remaining sauce and cheese. Bake @ 350 for 30 min. Serve with sour cream, lettuce and tomatoes.
#3
Plus: Obama is a lot like Augustus, Rome's first emperor fundamentally altered the state... The government always takes power with the excuse of "doing what's best for you".... America is still a White Nation... Michael Savage is a moron and a "blowhard from the Bronx".... your phone calls at 718.761.9996 and much more.
Blend all ingredients until smooth, and place in a pie plate. (I used my Pampered Chef deep dish pizza stone.) Bake at 350 for one hour. Chill completely.
Much better in a pub and actually from the tap instead of the bottle with their fancy nitrogen widget/rocket thing. One of my all time favorite beers, I've been known to kick back a handful of these in one sitting. A lot of my friends think it is very filling and can only have 1. I personally can drink these all night long.
RELEASED: April 9, 2012 on ATO Records
8B. Special/Best/Premium Bitter
Yes, people like me have a very nice life — and if you want to condemn the luxurious lives of faculty at elite research universities, fine.
Life’s too short.
whooping star prize of a
22. Scotland Yard is the home of the famous "sniffer" dog, so-called because of its susceptibility to colds in Scotland's inclement climate. Indeed, a Scottie is both a breed of dog and the type of tissue used to blow its nose.
Tortilla strips
I don't often have great frying success, so rather than battering and frying my blossoms, I gently rinsed and patted them dry, then laid them on a parchment-lined baking tray. I mixed up a little softened goat cheese with salt, pepper and some chopped fresh summer savory and gently stuffed my squash blossoms. I then gave my flowers a good spritz of olive oil. I popped them in the toaster oven and broiled them for a few minutes on each side, until the tops browned and the cheese started to melt.
He was born near Winchester, Tennessee, USA, and lost his sight at the age of five following an accident. A talented musician, he taught music and at the age of 16 was appointed music master at the Tennessee School for the Blind and later went on to become musical director at the Wisconsin School for the Blind. He also taught at the Perkins Institute for the Blind in Watertown, Massachusetts.
"Create."
Klang Kong at least has a better time of it in terms of looks. If you're gonna make a mechanical robot version of Kong, then this is the version you'd want. Those glowing eyes sold me, as well as his stiff movements every time he attacks. I guess it makes sense that you should expect Klang Kong to move like that. The real deal, though? Not so much.
I was amazed at the amount of visions which occurred during these sessions, and the presence of that spirit that even invaded my dreams and thoughts during the days surrounding these sessions – the messages that came so quickly that I could barely write them out, often resorting to sketching – a new thing for me – in that effort to capture all that truth being revealed. This was often the occurrence whether it be my own sessions or that of another person I got these messages and visions! We were in awe of the power!
Do you believe in fairies? Pixies? (Just in case, I’m clapping VERY LOUDLY so that I can’t hear your answer.)
With the World Cup upon us, I thought John Doyle's (Globe and Mail columnist)"The World is A Ball" would be a handy read. So everytime I sit down to watch a match I bring it to the couch with me to read during half time or a commercial break. I started off not knowing if I was going to enjoy it because (even though I enjoy soccer) I have never really attempted to read a book about the sport or any other sport for that matter, so what a pleasant surprise to find that the book actually reads like a cross between a love story (the love of a man for a sport) and a travelogue (for he travels all across the world for his love, catching games in different continents).
But she has a secret, a secret that ties her to a dusty subterranean chamber, where her beloved guardian brokers dark deals in a place that is not here. A place that is Elsewhere.
“To jump off the cliff and end your adventure, turn to page SET BOOK ON FIRE.”
“What am I supposed to do? What does that mean?” She put her hands to her mouth in a gasp. “Am I going-somewhere else?” she shrieked.
As we approach the 1890s, trains come to Coney Island and the character changes somewhat. Daytrippers come in, and the area will shortly be characterized by amusement parks and side shows. I don’t want to get off topic by talking too much about side shows, but it’s obviously a form of entertainment very much related to vaudeville, and indeed many of the top vaudeville entrepreneurs either got started presenting sideshow style fare in dime museums, or perpetuated a sideshow-style fare in some of their booking for vaudeville houses.
I unfriended people on facebook that lie about their life
“It’s not the final hardware at all or the final OS at all,” RIM’s director of product management Tim Neil told TechRadar; he calls it “very much stripped down” and “much like the PlayBook devices” and designed to let developers see what their apps will look and feel like, not what BlackBerry 10 will look and feel like.
So what is it? Does the Bible deal with missions?
4. Wildflower (THE CULT cover)
I'm literally at a loss for words. I never imagined I'd hit that mark.
Thursday and Friday we hung at home which Fa loves because she can just PLAY! We did go to the library for a few hours on Thursday. Then on Saturday, K, Fa, me, T, and K’s boyfriend went to our local theme park Kings Dominion. We had a good time riding rides and laughing.
I know you're probably saying to yourself "Ok, Doppelgänger, we know you're a bright young man (and a 99% chance of being beautiful) who's always right, but what do you mean? Do you have any real life examples?".
In the bottom of the second, the Terps had a great opportunity to make something happen with a runner on second and third, but Aaron Etchison was not able to deliver to bring the runners home.
Down here, at the bottom of the valley of pavement, the shadows were closing in. They rubbed out the details of passing cars, leaving only their distracting headlights. Inside my greasy glass and rusting steel, amid the crush of breathing and dying, my eyes were two tiny pinpricks, two inverted clouds beholding themselves, hovering over the surface of the deep.
Recoleta neighbourhood of Buenos Aires, Argentina. It contains the graves of notable people, including Eva Perón, Raúl Alfonsín, and several presidents of Argentina. Recoleta Cemetery is both an outstanding cemetery and a highly valuable architectonic piece. It is a true outdoors art gallery, a unique exhibition of different architectonic styles and sculptures. In 1946, Recoleta Cemetery was declared National Historic Museum, since, among its little streets, we can find the graves of national heroes, Argentine presidents, brave soldiers, great scientists, and renowned artists and celebrities.
In his autobiography entitled A Man Under Authority,20 Leith Samuel provides some interesting background and insights regarding the 1966 address together with the response. 21 He describes it as “that tragic night for British evangelicalism” and “a tragic parting of the ways…We needed unity at Church level but it was torn from our grasp”.22 Leith Samuel insists that Lloyd-Jones “was not concerned primarily about changing structures. It was the purity of the Gospel that was of paramount importance to him”. What Lloyd-Jones longed to see was “an umbrella” large enough to cover Anglican and Free Church Evangelicals.
TL: I like some of the individual images, and sometimes 2 or more of the images work together (nice bits don't often make nice wholes of course; "Hey Jude, let it be yesterday" wouldn't be much of a song). I don't recall how the images came to be associated - I often lay down a bassline of imagery before I start filling in the gaps with narrative. I'm not always in control of the collage/narrative mix. Looking at the mess of the notebooks it's a surprise that anything coherent comes out of them. Needles in haystacks.
Gillian has an open heart and a generous spirit which is evident in everything she talks about, everything she writes, the photographs she shares and the positively uplifting manner in which she does these things. A sense of humour, a joie de vivre and a "come on, throw me what you've got world", wide eyed wonder about everything there is to know, from books to films, to travel to just sharing ideas. It's all there.
Apparently though, the fatalists amongst the alt-right don't share my passion. There are those that decry every single aspect of "Amerika", content to grouse about our faults rather than revel in our strengths. They champion a narrative almost identical to that of the left - America is a decrepit, horrible place to live with no recourse for its survival or renaissance. They disparage their fellow countrymen by referring to them as "wankers" and "patriotards", as if any bit of optimism about living here casts one an ignorant dolt. At least the "patriotards" aren't characterized as evil, as only that distinguishes their contempt for everyday Americans from that of the Left. One asks why exactly they choose to live in a purportedly horrible country - maybe they should move to Canada with all the liberals who expatted after Bush won?
Eyes on the prize, people. We’re together in this fight against the white male domination of the media — if we refuse to fall for that divide-and-conquer false consciousness.
Shall we really accomplish this on our own?
THE NAKED MOLE RAT CHRONICLES:
Ted rolled a quarter on the bar left to right, right to left. “Hey,” he said, lighter and agreeing, “if it’s good enough, it’ll get out there. That’s why we’ve got Oprah, right?”
Brilliant piece of Abbey Road orchestral pop from a bunch of ex-pat teenage Americans who demanded to record their album in Britain to be near the Beatles and their production team. It does show – but the end result is impressive enough for all the obvious influences.
The old colours have faded, but Turkey can still make sure its richness lie not only in its past.
Well folks, I think that's about it :) Did I miss anything?
616. Salad @ Tiki Bar (Spring Mt., PA) 4:48 p.m.
i) Role of Adenan Satem
We will inform you of all the latest promotions, deals and packages available.
Other forms Find or make the forms that will be most useful to you, and be consistent when you fill them out (always use the same name and date formats, abbreviations, etc.). Software programs can keep track of a lot of information for you, but recording your research problems on paper can help you organize your thoughts and have all the information you need handy, no matter where you are researching. I especially like the idea of having a form to sketch out difficult research problems, including all the information you already have, and specifying what you are trying to find out.
By showing how many requests Google gets for user information — and exactly how many users and accounts are under some kind of surveillance — the company hopes to have a positive effect on public policies around government access to citizens’ online activities.
The people who choose rock or pop as their music to ‘like’ might plump for those 1970s ‘progressive’ keyboard and guitar extravaganzas. ‘My, the skill and technique is astounding! To become as good as that must have taken years, and years, of dedicated prac…’
This is what we call “health care” in America. Are GMOs the singular problem? No, but they are a piece of the problem, and they threaten the solution, which is pure, untreated, unchemicalized, unprocessed, non-industrial, organically grown, natural food.
Yeah, I gave myself a pat on the back at the end of the night.
However, we can demonstrate that Daud has profited out of every stage of the process that he has been driving as a politician!
When we first started, I was worried about some of my struggling students being able to keep up and understand what was expected of them during this time. So I decided to do our first week of Calendar Book entries in small groups as a part of our morning rotation. That allowed me to help each child understand what I expected and get them started. Once I was confident that they could all do it, I switched it to a whole group activity. I also pulled a few of my high kids aside and gave each of them one of my lower students as a buddy to help as we went along. I told them to show their buddy where to fill in the answers if he or she was lost, and to help them stay on the right page. I also learned to xerox the different pages each on different colors, and that made a HUGE difference for some of my low kids in knowing where we were in the book. They could see that in my book, I was on the pink page, and so they should also be on the pink page as well, etc. For children with fine motor or other issues, sometimes it helps to fill in the answers with dotted print on the computer on their pages only. That way, they can follow along without extra assistance in a whole group situation.
"The heavy-handed tactics of the school board have trampled important rights that we all enjoy," Baillie said. "The actions of the appointed school board are far more inappropriate than a slogan on a T-shirt."
Pastry Shoppe
Balinese Hinduism is a coalescing of Gods and demigods, worshipped together with Buddhist heroes, the spirits of ancestors, indigenous agricultural deities and sacred places. And all of this somehow translates into magnificent art, as they weave their stories and shape their sculptures with their infinite influences.
When we do begin to give praise (because it's not about no praise), we don't link the work with the the child. We might think that telling a child that they are a good drawer (an intrinsic value of themselves) is a lovely and supportive thing to say. What happens when they do an incorrect drawing? What happens when their drawing is criticised at school, at college? Or when they don't win any prize? Saying, that's a great drawing is subtle but different. Possibly more supportive, 'you really tried hard with that one', or, 'you really enjoyed that'.
We are so appreciative of Salon Nfuse’s support. (And, we must admit, we also LOVE that scalp massage their stylists give us before a haircut! Yep, several HON staffers have appointments for the 21st, and we can’t wait to see you there!)
Please feel free to join in and share your thoughts, tools, advices and ups and downs on Weightless Wednesday.
PandaLabs suggests holiday shoppers adhere to the following best practices this Friday and Monday, and throughout the holiday shopping season:
What do you think is the most successful way to get your pieces in front of a ready-to-buy consumer?
Back in Burnley my childhood home, the post industrial picture looked bleaker, of the hundred or more mills listed in 1891 only a handful remain and while the air is the better for it and the stone cleaner it is twenty first in the list of the most deprived areas in Britain, with a declining population, and higher than average rates of unemployment. As I drove through the run down town centre I was disoriented by my memories of other shops, other buildings that made it hard to see the present through the past. I couldn’t see ‘Dorothy Perkins’ where I had a Saturday job. Did mounted police still escort football fans through the town centre on match day?
She began hitting me and slapping me. But I never got mad or yelled at her. I turned the other cheek on several occasions. I tried to never ever find fault with her. I loved her so much. We had been sealed in the temple. It was my dream to be with her forever. And as she had told me she had lived a virtuous life so I believed what she told me.
I had the performance choreographed perfectly: The Double Cream Stout was penciled in as the headliner; the lead-up would be the Rogue coming after Bell's White Winter Ale as the bridge from the SN Wheat, which would pull yeoman's duty as the warm-up act. The SN Estate and Celebration might even make unexpected walk-on appearances!
Speaking a fraction more clearly I make out that the little Andean cheese factory we have just spent three hours hiking to is closed.
I do not like weeding carrots. It is a tedious time consuming chore. The carrots are so frail it makes it difficult. So why I planted them in one of my beds that I always have to fight weeds is a good question. Determined to have carrots this year I have been working on getting them weeded and I have finally started to win the battle.
British shops. Ours do 6 but I think they make more in North America per tin)
Even the much vaunted, much emulated ‘Truth and Reconciliation Commission’ was flawed by administrative incompetence, failure to follow the rules of evidence taking, bias towards Apartheid crimes and failure to uncover (perhaps understandable) ANC atrocities. Far more victims testified than actual perpetrators of the crimes so the the reconciliation was limited. (See ‘The Truth about the Truth Commission’ by Anthea Jeffrey.)
There are times when you just have to throw your hands up in the air and admit you’re a terrible blogger. I am doing that now. Not literally. My hands are busy typing. But I will admit I’m a terrible blogger. It’s been awhile since I posted and I apologize. Sometimes the words, they just aren’t there.
Put the teacherish things aside, put kids to bed, get a glass of wine and discover order out of chaos among clouds, flocks, mountain ranges, e-picture compression, and whatever else your eyes can find.
Because Bobby just could not live without his son.
When there are obstacles in your way or other people who are calling the shots end up affecting you negatively, it is easy to give up, get mad, or make excuses. It’s easy to say Life is Not Fair. It might be easy, but it’s definitely not smart. Fairly or unfairly, at work you are judged (measured) by your ability to get things done (your output). You are not measured by the number of obstacles in your way or the number of excuses you have for not achieving your goals.
He ushered the servant outside, muttering half-hearted thanks and compliments for jobs well done. He exclaimed that for some reason, he was profoundly better; lying to his servant just to be alone.
The best part of this novel, besides the lesson in courage, is the character names. Isabel’s cousin is named Ralph Touchett. I’ve already mentioned Mr. Goodwood, whose name needs no explanation. And Isabel’s best friend, an annoying and persistent American reporter, is named Henrietta Stackpole. Mary-Louise Parker is brilliant as Henrietta in the 1996 film. She does the right amount of annoying, eager, and brassy American against Nicole Kidman’s soft spoken, beautiful, and innocent Isabel. Despite the serious subject matter and heavy prose, Mr. James has fun with his characters’ names.
Now, I love a good leather purse, but when it comes to the colour I usually play it safe and choose more neutral and safe shades. I threw caution to the wind and am now the happy owner of two boldly hued leather bags. The first being an unbranded kelly green satchel, which happens to look an awful lot like that other satchel brand *cough* and a blurple (blue in some lights, purple in others) Sam and Kate Pebble Leather Crossbody. Now which to use first...
Barcelona are currently the best-known exponents of pressing from the front. And without being much of a football archivist I’m just about aware that Ajax were the originators in the 70s, and that there have been many students of the style in between. After I write this post up we may well have seen Bilbao have a decent go at defending from the front under Marcelo Bielsa against Manchester United on Thursday night.
Art is her favorite. Art of any kind. Coloring, painting, chalking, scribbling on the shopping list, decorating wood scraps with whatever remains of the finger paints that we almost never use. We try to have art time once a day, but lately I've been slacking. Art is kind of a way of life for her. ...too bad her sister likes the way that art tastes. Crayons that get left out, get eaten. And pictures that don't get hung up, end up being chewed up and swallowed.
Line a cookie sheet with waxed paper. Crumble up the cake and mix it with your frosting. Form the mixture into balls, lay them out on the cookie sheet, and freeze until firm.
Bargaining – it’ll probably go something like “if you can just pretend that I didn’t do that then I will never ever do it again. Cross my heart, hope to die, stick a needle in my eye”
Lisa McMann is an NYT bestselling author of fiction for kids and teens. She has a new fantasy series for ages 9 and up called THE UNWANTEDS. She has a new YA book out called CRYER'S CROSS, and another one is slated to come out next month, entitled DEAD TO YOU. Visit her website and blog for more details.
Lest we forget: the people are the boss. We deserve to know whether our candidates are actually representing their party, or just there to party.
‘Ruth Mary picked up on our operation structure and our methods very early on,” said SRT volunteer Graham Henderson (UK). ‘She was able to bring us news of families and villages that we wouldn’t have heard of if it wasn’t for her.’
was sitting up my lower back was aching from extra
*THIS NEXT PARAGRAPH IS EMBARRASSING TO WRITE, AND MIGHT EMBARASS YOU TO READ*
1/4 cup semisweet chocolate chips
After being separated from her brothers and sisters, a very small cat named Bo falls in with a sailor and becomes a ship's cat, having various adventures at sea.What I liked
She would add, “Dream big and make it work.” And you know, she was right, the higher the goal, the harder she worked to achieve it.
2) He was buried;
But unfortunately, due to lack of time, could not deck it up for the respective TCC project...... With less hours to work on, I thought would use the base that was all ready to be decked up..... So here it is...... :D
Paralysis through analysis frequently destroys potential sellers. A seller can become so involved in tweaking systems, learning new things, and searching out perfect information that he or she fails to actually take action. One certainly does want to be well-informed and operating in an optimal fashion. However, too much consideration on the front-end can lead one not to undertake any real action. In order to make a sale, you have to start an auction. Planning and plotting can increase the level of success, but some real action must take place! One cannot allow themselves to become so overwhelmed with details that they never really get started.
Now here is real picture of life around our house. A non-edited picture! Will trying to crawl but not being able too or get to Ray (his favorite "person"), hence the "look" on his face. The shiny cheeks are a result of carefully placed vaseline to soothe his paci-chaffed cheeks. He promptly rubbed his hands on his cheeks then all over his face. All the while, you can tell it is hot outside b/c Ray is in the background licking the floor vent. He mercilessly licks that vent when the AC is on. I guess he is smart b/c frigid air directly in the mouth would cool oneself off rather quickly.
Today is Fathers Day in Australia
Location: Carlsbad Caverns National Park
hands-off. Well, almost totally. I was standing around taking pictures, and giving her some direction, but she was extremely irritated at me. "I know how to do it, Mom." Which is frankly fine with me. As far as I'm concerned, she can make dinner every night.
I am enjoying the challenge of writing a longer story. There is a lot to be said for trying to tackle it. For all my griping, I did like the work on the outline because it made me work on the characters more in response instead of simply melding them. More like designing a vase from clay instead of just making a few mugs. More time and effort, but a better reward (not mocking or demeaning mugs, but they were an easy target. Please forgive me workers of clay!)
Steve Martin (Mixed Nuts)
Height: 165cm
When up is where you shouldn’t be.
According to the paper, this work with macaques would be in part justified because "there is a paucity of information regarding amygdala growth during non-human primate development." That would likely be news to these people. And these. And these. And these. And these. I'd suggest a read of that last link, by the way, as it directly addresses the role that the amygdala might not play in the development of social behavior ... and notes that social isolation rather may drive some of these findings. In fact, maternal deprivation stress alters amygdala development. Control group of THREE, folks! One. Two. Three. That's all.
Happy Crafting
we can have it all even though our lives are short
Sniffling through catacombs—
We don’t take our laptops in there, either. But I’ve seen men do that very thing. They just don’t toss the laptop on the floor when they’re done.
I have a good wife. Last night she looked at me and said, “Go write.”
I've been "under the weather" both literally and figuratively for the last couple of weeks. Thinking about this phrase, I conducted a Google search. The Google search took me to sites such as Idioms.com, common idioms, etc. While I could find nothing absolutely conclusive, the most believable origin seems to be a sailing term. Two sources suggested that sailors would climb underneath the deck when the weather got stormy. This made sense. Another source suggested "ill, not well, unhealthy...", yet another suggested "hungover".
This beer has been produced with hops from America, Australia and New Zealand, but as we know it takes more than shoving loads of tasty hops into a kettle to make a good beer, so what's it like?
”Oh he’s dead alright. US forces confirmed it.”
And in bright splendour praises Spring,
“You must be so happy you saw it. Since you’re out of the house.”
There is no alternative. Government must manage the market in new dwellings. Two measures are urgently required.
"We are all delighted with the results which help consolidate Cornwall's position as a leader in the UK drinks sector," added James Staughton, St. Austell Brewery's managing director and great-great grandson of the brewery's founder Walter Hicks.
Rel made a tentative attempt at mirth that rang in his ears like the wheeze of an asthmatic donkey, and cursed himself for the lack of confidence. The same lack sapped the humour from his voice, left him sounding outright belligerent. "Okay, there's no way you're acting like this because of my manners. What are you trying to get me to say?"
This followed the recommendation of a three-member panel set up by the NJC and led by a justice of the Supreme Court, Mariam Aloma-Muhktar.
Once they were browned I tossed some peeled shallots, chopped carrots and celery into the frying pan for a few minutes, before adding them to the pheasants. I added a few sprigs of thyme and two bay leaves.
In North America, iridology is generally considered to be an assessment tool to be used in cooperation with other health specialties. Iridology is not a diagnostic tool (although it is more likely to be considered so by European iridologists) and should not be used to diagnose or name specific diseases.
What a special moment it was when the news was released about “dem babies.” Nick would come in and talk about ultra sound pics and how he couldn’t wait to meet the babies. NOW Dem Babies are about to turn a year old and they look and act just like Nick!! Roc, Nick’s son is already playing drums… (Watch out Drum Line!)
Never trust a man who spends more than five minutes talking about himself or on the book he is writing.
make a well in the center and put 2 1/2 cups of warm water a drizzle of olive oil and a pinch of salt.
728 **D-VI/13/1976. “The Greek Character and Islam.” Hellenic Professional Society of Illinois, Sheraton-Chicago Hotel, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-2001(6), above, pp. 434-54, and in Item C-2002(8), above.)
Unique Information: certain creatures may know one or two pieces of information above their Threshold that can be revealed with a high enough check.
Now, onto some more ordinary stuff. For something simpler and more “light”, how about some stir-fried potatoes and carrots? My mom cooks the plain potato version of this all the time with a touch of “Gansu” flavour, which is the province in China where she came from. Apparently it requires special sauce from Gansu, which I don’t have, so I made a simplified version with only the regular sauces, a.k.a. soy sauce and vinegar. The combination of potatoes and carrots gave a pleasant texture, though again I think I made it a bit too spicy.
The Apostles are beaten and then released. What strikes you about the way the view their suffering? What do they continue to do despite the opposition?
Naturligtvis måste man ha lite julmusik denna dag. Pappas favorit bland julsånger var Adam's Julsång eller "O Helga Natt" som den ju heter. Och den ska sjungas av en man med djup röst - som Håkan Hagegård...
There is no way for me to even begin to describe how thankful I am every moment of every day for love. I am outstandingly blessed; in my search for the meaning of life, I found love. I’m sure it’s different for everyone, but I see no greater goal or purpose in life than learning to love with no restrictions. The Lord demonstrated His Love Incarnate in the ultimate sacrifice; through us let His Spirit share love and all good things that come with it to every corner of the world.
One of the arguments of the tobacco industry is that a smoker won’t be able to see their brand because the logos will be removed. But smokers don’t walk into a store and ask for the pack with a specific logo, they ask for a name, and the new plain packs will still contain the name of the product. The pack just won’t be glitzy and bright, like colored candy packages. If consumers want what is inside the package, whether it is colas or cigarettes, they will still buy the product, plain packaging or not.
"Just dreams?" I said with a smirk, letting him wonder. Sempi has heard some of my being bullied stories and knows I have The Art of War all but memorized.
She saw a black shape swinging in the air.
I decided to paint up the pilot as he was only plastic grey... It was nice to paint something at all this weekend and it gave me time to try out a new recipe for the English uniform brown and go from cars to humans.
I guess I have no point really, but c'mon, that shouldn't be a surprise. It's just interesting to me to think about time and priorities since I went from having my days completely free to working 6 days a week. I hear so many people say, "I'd so such and such if only I had the time." But we all have the same amount of time, right? Isn't it just a matter of priorities?
Edible flowers are another fun food for kids. Popping off the big, yellow heads of dandelions and munching on the flower petals is great fun, and the kids can't seem to get enough. Violets are pretty and edible, and the taste is very mild. Lilacs are more fragrant, but still pretty flavorless, it is the thrill of eating a flower that will keep children happy. Black locust flowers are actually tasty, with a flavor and crunch similar to raw peas. Adding colorful edible flowers to a salad will instantly make it more appealing to any kid.
JELL-O Refrigerated Snack $0.60/1
D memories, almost strangers, a brief trip in the intricacy of this small world that can confuse those who approach it for the first time.
Petula also performs in Townsville on March 3rd.
Beat in the melted chocolate until fully incorporated, scraping down the side and bottom of the bowl.
Ang Mi Ku or Red Vegetarian Red Tortoise Bun is very popular in the Northern States of Malaysia especially in Penang and Butterworth. It is one of the must have offering during Chinese religious festival and you will see many of them are lined up at the prayers altar. The most common ones are red but you will sometimes see other different colours Mi Ku too. Some comes with head and legs just like a tortoise which is also a symbol of longivity. Mi Ku taste nice if eaten just the way it is or for extra kick you can dip it in curry just like roti canai (Malaysian Pancake). Sometime I will fry them in flour batter. Yummy and delicious!
- "School" is cut due to a tape flip.
We'd like to speak a contemporary JAMBINAI language while mixing the emotions found in traditional Korean music stemming from its pure and unique instrument sounds.
So what do you eat before a big race? Anyone have a sensitive stomach? Eat anything special?
Depending on how you feel about other people knowing about your sexuality, you might want to state that you are being bullied because you are gay. Schools have a legal duty to deal with homophobic bullying, so a complaint should be taken very seriously and stamped on like any form of prejudiced bullying. However, coming out in the middle of an already stressful situation can add more pressure. The important thing is that you get help. It’s then up to you how much detail you offer.
Protesters from a coalition of organisations including unions, anti-war and Occupy groups are expected to descend on the city. National Nurses United, the largest nurses’ union in the US, is providing free buses to Chicago for activists from across the country even as its own plans to demonstrate were vetoed by the city of Chicago on Tuesday.
and asked several questions about opera.
So, at 8:57 pm Steve, Liz, and I headed to the hospital, leaving Mom to watch Evelyn. The nurse checked me, said I was only at a 3 (what! I was at a 4 yesterday!), and that she would monitor me for awhile and let the doctor know. I really didn’t want to start labor right then. I was convinced that because my pain was so minimal that they were going to do something to make the contractions stronger and I was afraid it would be Pitocin. Also, I wanted a nap first, I wanted to be rested because I knew how hard it was to push for 4 hours! Luckily (in my mind), my contractions slowed down a lot when I got to the hospital, and even though I continued to dilate, I was able to manage the pain enough that when they asked if I wanted to rest I felt like I could without medication.
Nowadays, if someone I knew was going to an interview I'd tell them to prepare, to think about the questions they might be asked, to imagine themselves in the role. Back then, the whole thing still bore no relation to reality. I don't think it even occurred to my parents, with their misplaced trust in my innate ability, that I might need some guidance or practice. It wasn't until the imposing lady with the stuck-up voice enquired haughtily of my entirely healthy, but distinctly adenoidal south London accent, "do you have a cold?" that I started to realise I might be out of my depth.
Fortunately, I think I have found something that works. Since I wrote about Rosie and her wolverine fits, she has not had another one. There has been the occasional high-spirited nip, which I have stopped by shutting her jaws with my hand and saying, "No!" But there have been no more fits, no more hysteria, no more out of control tantrums. I put it down to the fact that she didn't like reading about herself in the blog. Don't hit your dog, don't punish your dog, but when the chips are down, a little public shaming might just do the trick.
As per the records, it states that a line test was conducted for slow speed issue and the fault has been closed so we request you to contact Wireless and Talk technical support on 0844 873 8586 option 1/5/4/1(Lines are open from 8AM to 11PM, 7 days a week, calls are charged at 5 pence per minute) for further assistance as being a web support team we have limited access to the required tools.
However, I don't plan on giving anything else up. Recently I've been hit with a GIGANTIC wave of inspiration from Amelia Arsenic, who has been one of my idols for the past 5 years.
We will choose one random winner who will receive a digi of our choice and a winner's badge to display. The Design Team will select their Top Pick and the creator will receive a winner's badge and will be in the running for a monthly Guest Designer spot.
You should have a ball that looks like this:
Many skin diseases can hamper our work and they can also cause other various disorders associated with such disease. Not to mention, skin disorders can effect our self esteem. But thanks to Hypnotherapy, we can regain control of self-esteem and the appearance of our skin.
Okay, I suppose that will be the end of this little rant, but I urge everyone to learn about your food! It is what sustains you and a lot of it is killing us. Studies show the direct link between osteoporosis and animal protein. New studies show the growth of cancers being linked to amounts of animal proteins eaten. Aside from the health, consider the animals for just a moment. That was a life. It had a heart beat, probably gave birth, requires food, water, and shelter just like we do. And it lived and died a terrible life so it could end up on your plate. Killing is a big deal. Death is a big deal. So at least consider your choices because those animals living and dying at factory farms have no choice.
Average strength of beer produced in the UK:
The top of the building is also typical of its era. This style of steep sloping roof, covered here with flat tiles and ornamental features including a perched lion, was known as “à la guise de France” (in the style of France). The more gentle 30% slope of its younger stone-façaded neighbour was known as “à la guise de Bordeaux”. Meanwhile, back at number 49, even in these modern times it might be best to avoid standing directly below the right tip of the roof when the weather is bad. The spout of the gutter is no doubt an extremely effective means of rapidly channelling rainwater from the roof to ground level!
Francesco Garfi, 29, New York, N.Y.
In all the missions of Our Spanish Borderlands the Indians were taught to sing the beautiful Alabado at services in the church, similarly as we sing the Psalm Laudate after Benediction, and also at other times. The first verse of the Alabado praised the Blessed Sacrament; the second, the Immaculate Conception; and the third, St. Joseph. The first two verses are as follows:
Other: Perlenpen, Twinkling H20's, brads, Spellbinder dies, flowers
Hippy-djkit
Brenna
Many times, when companies are merging, growing or expanding the core values of the partners come into play. That is a time for some careful thought, strategic planning and an open discussion. Many of our clients come to Workshop, the Creative Workplace to have just that type of discussion. They invest time and energy to make the shift work and they place a high value on defining their purposes and values and then they take the time to communicate those definitions to their team. Sometimes, they even come back for an Adventure in the ‘Ville to reiterate their philosophies and values to the team at large.
i have no control over it.
It’s been decided (by work) that I have 5 more weeks in Southwest Missouri.
Hello all, apologies for the absence, and apologies that this is not going to be a real post either, just a meme, since I'm all out of blogging inspiration right now.
As we all know, if you’re counting on salmon for its heart, brain and anti cancer benefits, then you’ve got to EAT THE FAT. Here’s a short video showing where to find it.
I hope the outrageous interference of the Federal government in the States’ affairs is as obvious to you as it is to me and other States’ Rights advocates.
I'm a little freaked out to be doing this without him. Driving down is no big deal - I did that plenty 'o times back in the day. But doing this very big thing...by myself. I'm not that person anymore.
John F. Casazza, 38, Colts Neck, N.J.
If you've talked to me for five minutes about our babies, you've heard something about their skin issues. They have been puzzling to us from the get go... they have fingernail-size scars all over from scratching so hard. It just didn't look like eczema. And there was just nothing online that explained a rash from stress. We used all the recommended creams, and bath treatments too. We said, "no scratching,mister!", "scratching is bad for our skin!", "we don't scratch ourselves!" more times than I can even make a clever statement about. We finally felt like we had broken the scratching cycle and could see bumps. A week or so ago the doctor said, "Hmm, doesn't really look like eczema, looks like bug bites!" But he left it at that. I started freaking about bed bugs. Brad reasoned we'd all have bites. Oh yeah, he is so logical. I did check the crib mattress though, you know, just in case. And then sometime, I started breaking out with a rash. A very itchy rash, in sensitive areas. I thought maybe I was crazy. This week the babies went to the doc with fevers, and a draining ear. I also talked to this doctor about their skin. I asked for a derm referral, but she went ahead and looked them over and diagnosed scabies. She wrote me a script too. The foster family had also been itchy, so I sent her a text. She went to the derm the next day and was negative for scabies. The babies had been treated at that point, so I treated myself too... and now we wait to see if this works.
Here are the 30 sponsors of the Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA, H.R.3261) who need to be thrown out of office ASAP:
B: So I came to her college on a surprise visit. To see my girl that was so exquisite.
The best part of our day was an unexpected stop the way home to introduce Paige to Nonna:)
Ten days after the war ended, my sister drove a car off a bridge.
They were beyond the stop sign.
"Armstrong Siddeley’s famous Sphinx mascot: John Davenport Siddeley first used the upright Sphinx mascot in advertisements for the Siddeley Deasy car made before the First World War. Armstrong Siddeley adopted the Sphinx when they started production in 1919 and continued until they made their last car in 1960. The Sphinx changed over the years – lay down in the 1930s and was streamlined in the 1950s."
Furthermore, J.M. Barrie was apparently responsible for the deaths of:
☺ Find WRITE HERE THE path OF THE BACKGROUND IMAGE, and write instead of it the name of the image. Note: you can write only the name if the image is saved in the same folder of the file.
When I was fifteen, I used to sing this line from one of my then-favorite songs over and over and over again. “Living is siiiimple….. ” It drove my friends crazy. And really, who could blame them? I’m no musician, trust me….
3) The waste land being improved will bring plenty of commodities that will help to lower food prices.
Kitcat enjoyed steering the ship from this display overlooking the Pacific Ocean. The coast along here marks the final resting place of a few shipwrecks, but this wheel is from a tugboat which used to operate in the area.Here's a photo of our beautiful Possum, taken from the balcony of the Museum.And one of Dragon from the same place. The museum has it's own little replica lighthouse. The little girls were excited. Two lighthouses in two days! (You don't see many any lighthouses around the Canberra area.)I always like to try and capture a sunburst, but had yet to take one peeking from behind a lighthouse.When we were done at the museum we went to another park for our 'romantic' anniversary lunch - fish 'n' chips, chicko rolls and hamburgers. It was a beautiful day and the fish was deliciously fresh, straight from the waters of Twofold bay. I was able to choose my own piece and request it crumbed rather than battered. HB had remembered the individual likes and dislikes of all the Half-dozen and ordered their food accordingly, so everyone was happy.We were having such a nice time until Possum had a 'teenage moment' (which works on exactly the same principle as a 'toddler tantrum' but operates on a different platform which involves a lot less screaming and much more sarcasm and disrespect) and took herself off to eat on the edge of a cliff. By the way, Ben Boyd tower is in that photo (above) too. This is an example of the cliff she was perched above. I found it fascinating to see a large aloe-vera plant clinging to the near-vertical rocks. Can you see it? At the bottom of that drop is the ocean.When we had finished lunch we headed back down the coast to Ben Boyd Tower. Built in 1847 Boyd had originally intended this to be a lighthouse. A light was lit in it on several occasions but it was never commissioned as a lighthouse. Instead this grand structure, 23 metres (76 feet) high, constructed from Sydney sandstone, was used to watch for whales. Surrounded on three sides by sea, it made the perfect lookout. When a whale was spotted the whaling crews were alerted by a gunshot.I couldn't resist the opportunity to take another sunburst photo.Here's Teddy sitting in the easterly window, with the bush and ocean behind her. You can see the thickness of the walls.And in this photo Ducky shows the height and width of the windows.The four faces of Ben Boyd tower.It is possible to enter the ground floor. HB decided to take a photo of what's left of the internal structure.And I decided to copy him. Each storey was accessed by a ladder, but all that's left now is the crossbeams for the floorboards. It must be a fantastic view from the top.The view from the ground is pretty spectacular. It is obvious, from this photo at least, why this part of Australia is known as The Sapphire Coast, and why this rocky outcrop is called Red Point.Possum and HB took a few photos along the coast from the clifftop lookout beneath Ben Boyd tower. As always, waves crashing against rocks is a mesmerizing sight and I would have loved to stop a while and immerse myself in the sounds and smells of the sea. But the guard rail here is not safe for young children (large gaps at the bottom and a sheer drop to the ocean) so after one quick snap of the camera I lead the girls back up the steps to the tower.To finish our afternoon we stopped at Kiah Inlet on the way back to the highway. This is Loch Garra, the cottage at Davidson Whaling Station. Built in 1847, it was the family home of the Davidson whalers. This was the longest operating whaling station in Australian history. Just a few metres along the bush track is the beach (can be seen through the trees) where the whales were winched ashore. The remains of the Try Works (where the whales blubber was boiled to extract its oil) still stand by the beach and there are explanatory signs all along the way. Although is was interesting to read about the history of the area, I felt a great sadness as I stood on the beach and unwillingly visualized those majestic creatures being dragged out of the water and 'processed'. I should add that Eden is no longer a whaling town and no whales have been killed here since 1929. Eden's tourist industry now relies on whale watching.
ABV=4.192%
As you'll remember, I wanted to know the biggest year-to-year improvement in Upper Deck's history and the biggest year-to-year bust, too.
Stearyl Acetate – See Stearyl Alcohol.
It feels like dying – slow – letting go of life
The background is of a Turkish carpet. The Turks, introduced coffee and cherries to Europe, they gave the Dutch tulips. St. Nicholas, Santa Claus was born in Patara, Turkey, 70% of the world's hazelnuts are grown in Turkey, The Orient Express exclusive train ran from Paris to Constantinople (now Istanbul) from 1833 - 1977. Istanbul is the only capital in the world which stands between two continents- Europe and Asia.
My first morning scouting, I chose an area that I had heard had good turkey activity. I parked my car and walked around a firebreak and up an old trail. It looked “ideal” for turkey, but I only scared up a few deer in a small draw next to an oaky ridge. I saw some canid scat that was too old for me to be able to tell coyote from wolf, but not much else. The songbirds were nice to listen to, but I didn’t hear a single gobble, and a pair of Sandhill Cranes soon drowned out the other sounds. They sounded like they were down in an open bog to the south of me, then I heard them in the air, then again to the west, and then they flew again. Their resounding trumpets echoed off the hills. The turkeys were probably just as annoyed as I was with the din, and had moved on to a place where they could call to their potential mates and actually be heard! I continued walking down and up the hills, overlooking a couple small lakes, though it was well past dawn and I hadn’t seen any sign, just to enjoy the morning off of work. As I walked back up the road to my car, I saw my first black bear tracks of the spring in the soft surface. Continuing on up the hill, I saw several turkey tracks in the sandy surface, including thin lines where the strutting toms had dragged their wings to attract the hens. They must not have been gobbling, or else I had arrived too late to see them and missed their tracks on the drive in. I would have to come back to this spot.
However, it is time for another capsule challenge.
Please note that there is a very big difference between naughty and nasty. Naughty is what you do. Nasty is what “they” do!
“I wouldn’t call it anything other than he’s got to do some things. When he does, he’ll come back, and when he doesn’t, he’s not going to be here.”
Here's what the telescope tag/card looks like once it's opened. I decided to use TGF birthday Anya II for her card. She's so cute and I love the cupcake too! I attached the telescope tag to a card so that I could write something to her. It was pretty easy to make and I really enjoyed trying this new creation.
First, some background on how the ECB conducts monetary policy.
Our great country was miraculously formed and a unique system of governing was put into place despite a great deal of arguing as to how it was to be done. No where else in the world has a system like ours been implemented with such success. I believe that God created the universe, and that he intended for the United States of America to born out of impossible circumstances, and to succeed in spite of great trials and tribulations, to show the world His hand at work in this project. I also believe He intended for us to pass along this vision and to continue to give Him our undying gratitude. Our failings as a nation are the direct result of not doing what God intended for us to do. When the majority of the people are in tune with the Creator, then there is voluntary compliance with the law, a spirit of responsibility to do one's chosen task, and a spirit of selflessness in relation to our neighbors.
We may be pleased to identify The Encantadas as a satire upon commercial travel writing, but the genre exacted its own revenge. Such was the course of travel writing that its narratives quickly lost their novelty, being supplanted by more up-to-date and informative accounts of our emerging and progressively-narrated planet. The Encantadas would sink into oblivion with the rest of Melville’s writings until the “Melville revival” of the 1920s, when readers would learn to value their literary rather than their journalistic qualities.
Cave paintings were even a form of graffiti!
Mix the butter and both sugars together until light and fluffy.
As Rakyat, we have heard a lot of stories about how independently the police acted and how professional they were.
So....
The request of the American bishops for permission to add the word "Immaculate" in the orations and preface for the feast of the Conception of the Blessed Virgin requires some explanation. The feast of the Conception of Mary was celebrated in some places already in the thirteenth century; however, it did not clearly teach the Immaculate Conception. That was done in the Office "Sicut Lilium" and the Mass "Egredimini" of Leonard of Nogarolis, which was approved in 1477 by Sixtus IV; in fact, these had the same oration we have today for the feast of the Immaculate Conception. When Pius V revised the Roman Breviary in 1568, though the Franciscans were allowed to retain the Office and Mass of Nogarolis, this office was dropped for the rest of the Church and the office of the Nativity of the Blessed Virgin was substituted, the word "Conception" being substituted for "Nativity."
Now, if that doesn't wake one up, then it should! I hardly ever cursed from that point on once I realized its impact. Imagine that all those years I was honing my fine art of explicative expression and it was over! It truly makes one look bad, like they grew up in Appalachia, for goodness sakes!
In the Seven Samurai, the samurai warrior Shimada Kanbei gets together a band of seven unemployed samurai to defend a peasant village against bandits.
Parents' Card
1½ fluid ounces blanco tequila
Now I could go on and on about this meal but if you live in the Atlanta area, let me tell you how you could be a lucky guest.
In all the years that I’ve been writing I’ve experienced many emotions that helped make my work heartfelt respectable or a lackadaisical contribution, a righteous statement to the cause or no gold star and headed for the trash. But never once did I suffer through that dreaded dis-ease known as writer’s block. Was I finally due?
“Yep. You sure did.”
Fuel for the Russian base in Armenia comes from Iran. Russian officials believe this border crossing may be closed in the event of a war.
best friends college graduation.
Liquid Pearls : Terra Cotta by Ranger Ink
If you're a Tweeter it's perfectly acceptable, and encouraged, to let all of your followers know when your book releases, when you received your new cover, or where your edits stand. Of course, it's also encouraged to let them know where you are on vacation, what you're eating for dinner, what you're reading and other more personal bits of information.
nesting
(whom SJP was a former creative director, until she recently had to step down ),
In a review of Kautsky's work Capitalism In Agriculture, Lenin says,
(A revolver does not eject its spent cartridge cases automatically. They have to be removed manually from the cylinder. With the Griekwastad case I suspect that the fired bullets were not recovered from the scene but were collected during the post-mortem examinations. It is thus safe to assume that these exhibits will have been extensively damaged (depending on the construction of the bullet), and that linking them to the suspect firearm will possibly be a challenge. This aspect then can also be one of the reasons why the investigation is being delayed.)
When my wife visited Japan few years ago, she went with a group of travelers from Taiwan. The travel guide reminded them, that they should not throw the used toilet paper in the trash can, which confirms the above statement by Mr. Zhao. Tourists, no matter where they come from, can be a blessing and a nuisance at the same time. The question is, how much should a guest adapt to the customs of the country he visits? How much should a country adapt to foreign visitors? I believe it should be balanced, as a guest and as a host you play a certain role, which gives you certain rights and certain duties. As a visitor, you would probably not want to make the locals feel unpleasant (or even break laws). And as a local, you would certainly try a little bit harder to be welcoming and warm to the visitors and make their stay as comfortable as possible.
Paper: rich razzleberry, blushing bride, island indigo (SU), heavenly white (PaperTemptress)
Paneer : 1 cup(crumbled)
Yay! it’s that time of the year again… my birthday of course.
1. BBC Radio announcement (0:13)
I’ve decided not to mention Twitter or email or the internet to Frank or Linda again. It’s not worth it. This way, we can both just keep mum on the subject.
Put tofu on a steaming tray. Add in light soya sauce, vegetarian oyster sauce and olive oil. Steam the tofu in high heat for 20 minutes. Turn off the heat and drain all the water from the wok. Line the bottom of the wok with an aluminium foil to protect it and put in all the ingredients for smoking. Sprinkle some water over the raw rice, Chinese Tea and sugar. Put the tofu tray into the wok and cover up the lid. Turn on the heat and smoke the tofu for 10 minutes. Garnish with spring onions and deep fried shallot before serving!
It was only a short time ago that we posted about the progress of the Fulton Business Improvement District (see here: http://teamtish.blogspot.com/2008/12/fulton-business-improvement-district.html)
NAUGHTY NAUGHTY!
Refreshed desktops include select Home & Office, Workstation, and Gaming systems along with the multi-award winning Edge™ Z40
I SHIT YOU NOT. The dragon that is now trying to eat our Escapees is quoting Brando. I seriously fucking paused the movie and searched to see if a pop-up was responsible for this line of dialogue, but NO. NO.
The villain of this story is an exploitative mine owner. Keep in mind that Cole was born and raised in a mining town.
She said the billboard was dangerous and deceptive as it could potentially offer false hope and lure in the vulnerable in their time of illness and sadness.
There is a ginormous giveaway!
10. Funny Feeling
why and where, how
Now wrap that two-layered single fold to the front of the quilt,
My question is whether or not they plan on doing the same for Father’s Day? This seems like we’re reverting back to the times where women didn’t have a voice at all.
We're delaying the inevitable, because forking out a couple of hundred dollars for a new dryer wasn't in anyone's Thanksgiving/Christmas budget.
It still feels more real-life than the Mall, and everyone is joshing and “how are ya man”ning each other, and being all “I can’t believe we had snow, I was pissed off!” and “You get caught with a suspended license it’s worse than not having a license at all, that’s crazy shit, bro”. I’m sitting with my iPad reading Charlie Stross and listening to Chicks on Speed and electronica on my bluetooth earphones (when I sit up and stretch Frank says “Wake up! You’re playing with that thing too much, is why”, meaning the iPad), and the TV on the wall in one corner is showing soccer as I think it usually is (more evidence that Frank is some sort of European, or maybe just that it’s the XXIst Century now).
‘Hey Boss, I want a payslip, my pay is wrong,’ I demand.
Two additional major events would change his life, and resurface his tragic life beginnings. Marko welcomed the birth of his daughter in 2007 and the death of his father, one month apart. Marko Hamlin longed to develop a relationship with his father, who cared for his half siblings, and had chosen not to father him. He had the opportunity to live with his father for a brief time as an adult, restore their relationship, and to totally forgive his fatherless ways.
I think we may not have really addressed that topic was because we were interrupted. First, with the walk to the park. Second, to the fact that my mom wished to leave. That is now what I wish to talk to you about.
Eversworn takes us on a journey with Isabeau and Dillon. Isabeau has a secret that she cannot allow to be reveled even to the man she wants to spent the rest of her life with. However, one person knows her secret and is using her to gain what he most desires, more wealth and power, while promising to release her from slavery and to return to her the one thing she would die for, her daughter, only when she does what he wants! Dillon, a wounded male Evanti demon, finds that healing from the wounds he received during an attack on the mining operation he is sworn to protect is not so easy when he realizes he is in love with his healer, Isabeau. Will Isabeau do what she is told to do to get her hearts desire, or will she be stopped and forever lose her daughter and the demon she has fallen in love with. Will Dillon be able to stop the plot meant to destroy everything he has worked for as well as lose the only woman able to claim his heart?
CHOKEPOINT 4: Direct action gets the goods.
At the time of his death there were 22 Haafiz
Add the sour cream to the béchamel
Yay! I will soon be the proud owner of a new USB mixer for my studio… This has been a much needed device for vocal recordings and sampling, as well as adding guitar to my tracks… CAN’T wait till it gets here… Coming via Amazon.com
Usually about this time of year I start getting antsy to play in the dirt. The snow is covering most everything, and what isn't covered is brown. Browsing seed catalogs is always a partial cure, but so is growing herb plants indoors. I don't have a bay window, or a sun room, but even my smaller windowsills will work for a few herbs, and I get to play in the dirt.
And last, the Mauve. My second favorite in this palette. You can see a pink tone, but not too much. Also the amount of neutral in it is just perfect, not too much of a skin tone like number 7. I don’t think I’m making sense here but this is just perfect, end of story!!!
Sisters Network
You will find a list of the participants at the bottom of the post.
Instead I'm laid up on the couch with my sweet Bijou (only the best dog) but starting to feel like I should be worrying about her because she's not really eating lately and when she does it comes right back up. She won't leave my side and I know it is because she knows how sad I am. What do I do? Take her to the vet and tell him that my dog is grieving with me? I'm assuming there wouldn't be anything he could do.
I will drink Eggnog , eat cookies and sing a Carol or two. Oh and I must not forget to buy carrots, I must be ready when Dasher and Dancer and Prancer and Vixen, Comet and Cupid and Donner and Blitzen come. Oh no, I forgot to recall the most famous reindeer of all Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer. An extra big carrot for him.
for all those who like intense fighting and a strong female character who is funny and a bit insane, you’ll like this.
I was impressed. Broussard is a fine singer and songwriter, and the Hoots are a mighty tight country-rock band. They ought to be by now. Broussard started the group back in 1984. Members have changed and shuffled through the years, but Broussard has been at it long enough to know what he wants from his players. (And, showing what a small world it is, I learned that the fiddle player, Sean Orr, used to play with Joe West’s band when the pride of Lone Butte lived in Austin.)
The big deal of this summer is my class that I'm taking. It's called "Mental Health and Psychopathology." Don't let the name fool you though, AMAZING class. The class meets for 3 weekends (or 6 days depending on how you want to look at it) and goes from 9am-4pm each day. I've got the first two weekends done and have the final weekend this coming weekend. The class is primarily learning about the main types of mental health diagnoses that exist in the DSM-IV (Diagnostic and Statistical Manual) aka the HUGE book with every mental health diagnosis that exists and can be diagnosed in a client. We spent the first day learning only about Trauma and trauma related diagnoses. This was amazing for me since I want to work with the military population when I finish grad school. I've learned a lot about how truly crazy my family is, simply by learning that many of them could be/should be diagnosed with some of the things we've talked about. My final paper that I actually just finished about an hour ago involved me interviewing someone and essentially completing a mental health assessment on them. It was really interesting to learn everything about this individual because I learned things I never would have expected.
The debate was whether they had the right to interfere with humanity on such a scale, since the ownership of cars and the purchasing of gas falls under free will, something they are forbidden to usurp.
We started with these boards and peeled off the plastic film
In Tennessee it is considered weedy and/or invasive by some authorities. In massive growth, I think it rivals the Texas Bluebonnets. (Has this AR native become a Tennessean?)
Save Lives by Using A Quality Breath Alcohol Tester!
After dough has risen, punch it down and pull off egg-sized pieces. In your hands, roll pieces into balls and then flatten to about three inches in diameter. Brush with melted butter.
16. Let It Rock
There is nothing like a Cooking Class to get the inspiration juices flowing! Kinda' like that afternoon shot of Espresso.....in about 5 minutes you feel ready to tackle the rest of your work day!
Complexion: No zits. Good.
Melt your semi-sweet chocolate in microwave on 50% power in 30 second intervals until melted, stirring each time.
This is what is being expressed, and I feel confident in saying that our Pleiadian brethren do not pass judgment on those awakening souls who have used cannabis to attain higher states of consciousness; they are simply recognizing that to do so is becoming increasingly unneeded and at a certain point, could perhaps begin to hurt us more than help us along our advancement to states of consciousness where the use of anything to gain a higher perception and awareness will not be needed.
I was inspired to paper piece this scarecrow after I saw Kim Score's adorable creation that you can view here. I'm tellin' ya, that Kim is one creative lady, and I absolutely love everything she does!!!! Thanks so much for the inspiration, Kim!!!
P.S. - Come like nikki's nacs on FB. I have spent a lot of time on CL lately and keep finding some good stuff that I don't need or haven't had the extra cash for, but am posting the links for all of my local's so that you can snatch them up if you want.
emotions running wild.
The environment should define the scenario, or sets of scenarios, to help the Delvers get the feel of the place. What's being a desert without sunburn and avoiding scorpions? Ever tramped through a swamp without heat exhaustion and avoiding water moccasins? How about been in a snow storm and stepped into a puddle of freezing water hidden by the thinnest layer of snow and very thin ice? Never? Okay, how about that time you were headed to the mall and that red minivan cut you off and stole your parking space? You had to park all the over by J.C. Pennys when you were trying to get to the cinema almost a football field away. These are pretty dramatic moments in the advent of our days. They should be for your characters as well. The resulting ailments, from frostbite for Lumbering Jack in the Birch Lands to Shivering Fever for Confucius Rogue in the jungles of Djung, have made my player groups feel they have really gotten there when they arrived at the entrance of tunnel finally.
Since I already had typed out and saved the recipe, it was easy to put it on Coffee Tea Books and Recipes*... here. I will add other recipes after the wedding and some are already there.
This justification was never particularly convincing. Rule 124 (and its predecessor, Rule 76) never gave any indication that relevant statements need not be noted down as extensively in one set of minutes compared to another, or that the character of the minutes was different depending on whether or not an appeal was available against the associated decision. Most of all, nothing in the Rule suggested that the nature of a “relevant statement” depended on whom it was uttered in front of.
Week 17 - Mar 17th - Arielle - Spring Break mani
PROFESSIONAL ORGANIZATION GRANTS
NOTE: And they shall teach no more every man his neighbour, and every man his brother, saying, Know the LORD: for they shall all know me, from the least of them unto the greatest of them, saith the LORD: for I will forgive their iniquity, and I will remember their sin no more. Jeremiah 31:34
It all comes down to 2 simple principles.
Movement: None that I felt, but after seeign the ultrasound, I know Peanut is a mover.
There’s a list of things that we are not allowed to take with us to Malaysia. Handguns and spices are on that list. That spice trade is so yesterday. Unfortunately, handguns are still very much today.
Previously released tracks include Arcade Fire’s “Abraham’s Daughter” and “Horn of Plenty,” the latter of which is the Capitol anthem and by extension the national anthem of Panem. Also previously released is a 90 second clip of the Civil Wars’ “Kingdom Come.”
Early in the week was mostly about trip prep, especially once Frank and MJ decided they were going to hit the road. But we made time to have Aaron over for a visit on Monday. He and Chloe baked cookies and oatmeal bars. He took the latter home at the end of the day, and Chloe took the remains of the former with her as munchies for her Tuesday flights.
Unplanned circumstances meantthat I didn't arrive at my hotel in Manchester on Tuesday night until 10:30 p.m. It was straight in and out to head for the pubs. A quick couple in the Marble Arch and on the Port Street beer house. It was quiet but one drinker caught my eye. Garrett Oliver, the famed brewmaster of Brooklyn Brewery was in conversation with a small group of drinkers. I managed to gain a few minutes chat with him, breaking the ice by saying I'd met him once before in Belgium. He was polite enough to say that he recognised my face although I'm sure that he gets bothered by plenty of beer groupies. I soon found out that one member of his party was the brewer from Nøgne ø in Norway. I can barely pronounce the name of the brewery correctly so I thought better of trying to speak to him.
Rep. Ron Paul (R-TX)
CeCOS VI, the second APWG conference held in Europe, is an open conference for members of the electronic-crime fighting community, hosted by the APWG and its Conference Partner AVG, Program Partners: The Council of Europe and Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, and sponsored by AVG, Google, Microsoft, MarkMonitor, ESET, Telefonica and ICANN. The CeCOS programs are widely considered the most vital events to investigators and managers of electronic crime from across the private and public sectors.
This year the theme was We Are One. Not only is it an incredible message, but the song is absolutely beautiful. It was sung by all the students in the school, and the staff as well. The musicians in the background are teachers and students too - David is even playing the guitar if you listen closely :)
What action would Pakistan take against the personnel who had information of Osama bin laden?
Acetaminophen has been in use for over 50 years, but surprisingly, its mode of action as painkiller is still largely unknown.
If your request is rejected, you feel disappointment that transgresses rapidly into anger, and then you probably decide never to speak to the person again.
So my kid probably IS a genius, because she'll lie on her back and stare at this thing for a good five or ten minutes and has been since week one. Which in newborn time is like five or ten hours. It's cute, the toys are cute, and they are brightly colored, which means that she can see them. She loves the mirror (babies love faces, she's not that conceited yet.) (Well, maybe. She does listen to her dad and I tell her how cute she is all. day. long.) (Note to self: start praising her for her intellectual capabilities, like the newfound ability to suck and breathe at the same time.). This also is on Craigslist quite often.
The night look is my own way of using a splash of colour with the bright
I made an excel chart that has multiple places this statement can fit into, depending on the frequencies in the statement is the pattern in the excel chart it would fit into. Each of these frequencies have coordinate value on the Cartesian graph chart.
Money is a claim on the future production of society. If the government prints money and mails it to people, those people feel richer, because they can consume more. The money is a claim on future productive capacity of the society, and when more money is printed, the price of the money declines in terms of real goods declines. The claim is debased.
I studied Spanish sonnets with their own rules, i think, i think
We didn’t have lemons available, so we skipped the lemon zest in the Smitten Kitchen recipe and added some cinnamon instead. Next time, I’ll try this recipe with vanilla yogurt instead of plain yogurt and maybe Splenda instead of sugar. Might even add more berries!
It was interesting to pop this one on the table for you all and judging from the response of entries we received, you guys are not that fond of sketches :$ But it was still fun to see all your bunnycreations!
St. Forannan
Arugh... I really thought it'd be easier to post one photo each and everyweek...
Even before I get to the B&B studio, I can hear Bagman in his loudest ZZ Top voice:
A side dish, small little saucers filled with steamed rice flour topped with some fried shallots, garlic (and some other secret ingredients!) and croutons, with some sauce to spoon over and enjoy! Really good!
I reflect on his stories, about his various jobs, the places he has sung, the people he has sung for, looking for clues, things that will tell me how he has become a person who is unafraid to be himself - a person unafraid to sit in the corner of a chippers and sing into a child's toy whilst gangs of teenagers, their boxers peeping up behind their trousers, order burgers, and young people on their way home from work order meal deals so they won't have to face empty, cold flats and start cooking.
So we bit the bullet and ordered one 16 cube Riley unit for each of the boys. It comes, of course flat packed. what do you expect for $150 .... dovetail construction? I think not.
But I think I have a few answers as to why John Carter failed so hard - harder, in fact, than even a Uwe Boll/Pauly Shore epic.
Accompanying load calc programs will be updated throughout the day with the new product line.
Confident of my answers or not, the post from this 60-something woman wouldn’t leave my mind as readily as I had assumed. It saddened me; I have had answers to these questions for some time. Being a long-time believer, most of my answers can be easily presupposed.
Right now our blog is holding a challenge that is going on for a couple of more days, so come visit us at Iftheshoefitsscrapit!
My mind has so much to think about right now, that I can’t keep anything straight. It is a terrible feeling. I am totally aware of how I feel and what is going on but can not currently make my mind complete a thought and follow thru. For the past two years I have been trying to manage my emotions and feelings with the assistance of medical professionals and prescriptions. I know that I can get into a depressed stated. What I have always said is that “I do not have depression, I suffer from Men.” The clinical term is reactive depression. I have difficulties handling situations of intense emotions, especially those involving my children.
I can understand how Valentine’s Day can suck if you’re single. Going out and seeing a bunch of couple madly in love or madly in lust or just out so they can have Valentine’s sex. I know how that is. It’s annoying. It reminds you of how you hate being single. I get where that bitterness derives from. Even still, that’s not an excuse to sit around and talk shit about everyone else that is in a relationship or has a Valentine.
caution not to compare the two, it's hard not to get excited about a new option
In 2005 she was selected as one of eleven finalists for the American Title II contest, the American Idol of books. She is married to the first man she ever went on a real date with (to their high school prom), who she knew was hero material when he suffered through having to let her parents drive, and her brother sit between them in the backseat of the car. They currently live in a Victorian house on a mini farm in the Pacific Northwest with their two children, three cats, an old chestnut Arabian gelding, an energetic mini-Aussie shepherd puppy, several rabbits, a dozen chickens and an out-of-control herb garden.
The fundamental thing happening at the Resurrection was this: God was ushering in the first part of what would be called the “New Creation”. We usually think of something being “resurrected” as being “brought back”, but what Jesus did was far more than simply moving the clock backwards and rising again. In a sense, he was instead ”brought forward.
And to the Chinese guy, "You're in charge of
It just was impossible for him to understand me……..even tho he had brought me that piece of paper what he had found off the internet about the blues (posnatal depression) but he was just acting like nothing was going on and showing me that he just didnt care.
Coming Home: New and Old Lives Merged
The twister, the deadliest single tornado to strike in the United States in 64 years, has also injured about 1,000 people.
Superman decides to rid te world of nuclear weapons in order to make the world safe for children. Oddly enough, his declaration and stealing of nukes from various countries does not prompt any country to declare war on him. It dos prompt Lex Luthor to create a WWE wannabe out of pure nuclear energy to fight him, however.
in which I dream intensely
I miss my car.
I have bought one item on sale this year--a Bodum French press. My husband's birthday is coming up, and he loves his coffee. But shhh, don't tell him.
woolen shawl tight against the wind and Reese pulled on her hoodie. Raven
I stood staring at the tiny unmoving form with my heart thudding strangely against my ribs. Nollie, always braver than I, stretched out her hand and touched the ivory-white cheek. I longed to do it too, but hung back, afraid. For a while curiosity and terror struggled in me. At last I put one finger on the small curled hand. It was cold.
And these middle fingers for Disney and Final Fantasy (Yeah!)
If I had all the pics coming in from the boys we have had on the river, there would be even more entertainment to show you. All our guides have been working hard as the water flows have come back to normal.
More health and knee news to come...
Wanted Dead or Alive
“In fact, it is unashamedly doing the opposite,” she said. “If anyone had any doubts that Bersih 3.0 is necessary, that doubt is now dispelled with this latest move.”
Down the hall, a door slammed, reminding him where they were.
05-02 Santa Ana, CA – The Observatory
There's one of them here his name's on the poster outside -
Have a good weekend!
Man does not live by bread alone, but by eating and drinking Christ, the life-giving Word of God. Christ is so near you, dear Body of Christ. He is in your mouth and in your heart.
Format Performer
We can forget about some of these as we will have electricity either from our alternator or because we are tied into shore power. For this reason, we are only concerned about time at anchor and time sailing day or night.
“There’s been two other disappearances over the past year, ever since our infamous friend launched his business. And you know what’s curious? the two other cases were concluded more or less like yours.”
2-3 tablespoons cold water
I thought I would embroider her name, or at least the first letter,
This gives us a clue as to how he and his kind view the Unionist community.
So, whether you’ve cleaned your equipment recently or never at all, it’s always a good time to freshen up your grill. Here’s how to do it, quickly :
(I would invite all the Christian folks who find a religious bias against booze to consider the contradictions inherent in this situation, specifically in Matthew 6:24: "No man can serve two masters: for either he will hate the one, and love the other; or else he will hold to the one, and despise the other." Sounds like the quandary of the PLCB, right there in the holy writ.)
Lucky for me we both hit it off and I heart my new client. We are meeting this Friday to discuss the design plan.
If all else fails, join a good online dating service. You will meet a lot of eligible women. You can read their profiles and see pictures of them. After you get to know one well enough to ask her for a face-to-face meeting, be sure that you plan the meeting during daylight hours and in a public place.
Still have some more decorating here and there and lots of clean up so I better get going!
Also guarding the king was Don Ramon de M.
“That in that place
Not only is the ESA a huge bureaucratic failure, it is testimony to the arrogance and evil intent of the environmental movement to harm any form of economic activity and growth in America.
NEWS – Abortion, birth control and gay marriage ranked lowest on issues of importance to registered voters, according to a new Pew Research Center poll. What issues ranked highest? The economy, jobs and the deficit, in that order. No surprise there; if you want to hurt Americans, hit them in the pocket book. More of this story at Christian Post.
Senator Lindsey Graham, a member of the Armed Services committee and one of the main Republican warmongers, declared that “all options are on the table” and gave the Pentagon his assurance that in Congress there was broad bipartisan support for a US military attack on Pakistan.
We left one bottle uncorked and drank part of it with our dinner. I have to say, it was pretty good considering it was our first time. And all this only cost about $13 a bottle, which isn't horrible—especially since we can use the equipment again.
“Iqra calling…”
I’m going to toss around some ideas for a noir mystery for Sookie to solve, and after I meet some of my original writing goals and finish To Wish Impossible Things, I’m planning on doing a follow up to My Private Eye. This story marinated in my mine for a good six months before I wrote it, so look for the sequel late summer. It’s got a title: Faster on Fire, another nod to Alkaline Trio. I’m going on a trip to New Orleans in May, so I’m hoping that inspires me.
That bill was S-4, a bill on railway and transportation issues which had already been substantially debate in early 2011. And Francois Choquette, Kevin Lamoureux and Elizabeth May each confirmed that their respective parties were entirely willing to co-operate on bills which didn't raise as many red flags as, say, the Cons' omnibus budget-and-environment-gutting legislation.
Mr. Oyerinde, a member of the executive council of NLC who
Background – Double laid filling (Over dyed floss 1030 and Kreinik 5555)
Lord, I come
Just three and a half months ago I was counting the days until the sun would appear over the horizon again (Here comes the sun). And now the countdown’s on until the sun doesn’t set for two months. In just 12 days the midnight sun will grace us with its presence.
This stunning form is not clothed as when Delia left home this evening. No, it is not in that neat blouse and skirt she was wearing when saying goodbye to irate Raymond ('I won't be late.') It is not actually an outfit Raymond has seen. Raymond, Delia is quite sure, would not understand. It is... well, it is just a little thing between chorister and choirmaster. A jokey little thing you could say. Well, a sort of joke. Mr Plummer said it was his little joke when he first produced it. Because it is a sort of variant of the normal chorister's robe — but this particular variant is not one a young lady chorister would think to wear in church. Or anywhere else in public. For the skirt of the robe is extremely short. The hem mid-thigh high. To show off sexy white, lacy-patterned stockings. Proper stockings, not tights, their tops fastened to the slim straps of a white suspender belt. The skirt of the chorister's robe is sufficiently short that these suspender straps, and bare thigh, can be seen in any slight bending movement Delia makes.
And she’s the lake under the moon
And make me travel forth without my cloak,
Adieu my opal faerie Queen.
And my job isn't to teach physics - it's to teach kids. I do that by building relationships with them, and giving them room to grow, and allowing them to teach me how to teach them. If I can't do that anymore, then I don't know how to be a teacher anymore.
The fourth is the received pronunciation and estuary pronunciation (like mine) where the tongue is not rolled against the roof of the mouth but rather squeezed against it. However, although this is “standard” it is by no means always the same. People from the Caribbean or the west country or Ireland produce variants. And very significantly there is a division between those who sound the “r” in words like word or card and those who don’t. Across the USA for example, you can hear wide variants of how marked the “r” is in a word like America itself. This depends on the position of the tongue when squeezed against the roof of the mouth and for how long or how strongly.
This letter (which concludes by assuring the recipient that their manuscript was "a joy to read") sounds personalized, but it's not. Other contest entrants received identical solicitations. I can't help thinking of the "free contests" conducted by vanity anthology companies, where just about everyone who enters is declared a semi-finalist and offered publication, along with the chance to buy the anthology in which their work appears.
You can just imagine the local NED populous of Ladybank wondering what town they can go and bam up today, jumping on the Penzance train, scratching their thick bonces as they all contemplate as to where the final location of the service is...
responded to his
It's not been easy with my schedule being what it has been. But I have been diligently seeking moments when I can work on it and get it together, as fast as I possibly can. Since I am a verified IT idiot, it hasn't gone together with the greatest of ease.
There will be many other stands at this event including, Hypnotherapy, Angel card readers, Reiki, Rolfing, Mediums, Tarot Card readers, Past life therapy and much more.
About the movie: There are subtle changes that I’m OK with (not great with). If you read the books a while ago, you won’t notice. Very good depiction of the book but I wanted a little more creativity, especially in the Capitol. But it met my expectations and as usual, the book is better!
Such darling rubbish and the decent advice
What a pain. Government should have such limited power that you can't even slide any of this stuff in. But it does have power. That's what people do. Just look at any condo association if you don't think power feeds on itself and that the average Joe won't let power go to his head. Few can resist abusing even minor power. I, of course, am one of the very few who is not one to abuse power when I have it.
Though perhaps I shouldn't have watched 'Spartacus' the other night or 'The Borgias', I wonder whether Italy in her worst moments has always had such feisty immoral leadership and a proclaimed appetite for women and delights. I think back to her debauched popes and feuding ducal families, her virgins and sinners, her pomp and hyperpole.
I also feel the location, San Francisco City Hall, was as much a part of our style as anything. We had been looking for a venue that felt grand and historic, significant and weighty. It fit the bill easily with its four floors of breathtaking Beaux Arts architecture. It happened to be very affordable as well!
all of it and more more more.
﻿Hi All! I know, I know... I have been a bit absent and there is still some straightening up to do on the new color/design of the blog. For those of you following along with my Weight Loss Experiment blog... "Becoming My Husband's Girlfriend," you know I've been pretty busy... and pretty successful so far!
MUST. PLAY. WITH. SAND. MUUUUUUST PLAY WITH SAND.
Jo - Cupcake JoJo
Though I can point out the
Recipes:
For example, there were the de Chambruns -- Alderbert and Clara. Their son, Rene, married the daughter of Pierre Laval, who became Marachel Petain's prime minister. As part of the Vichy government, they were considered pro-German at best, collaborators at worst. Certainly Rene fell into this camp.
13. Change Your Focus feat. Moses Rockwell
I wanted to let everyone know of a great special Shaklee is offering. This is the best Join FREE offer ever yet.
As it is expected, Windows 8 consumer preview clearly beats Windows 7 in most benchmark tests conducted on these platforms. These tests were performed by some of the best brains of the PC world and the results indicate that Windows 8 is much more fine tuned than its predecessor. Almost all the test results show that Windows 8 is relatively faster than Windows 7.
That harsh and solitary burning
“Okay. Well how long have you been, um, working for Sal?”
From here, the plot twists through a series of unfortunate events and tragic misunderstandings that lead ultimately to the destruction of the village, the murder of the villagers by the Japanese army, and the death of Ma. Time and again Hanaya is saved from achieving his honorable death. First, he is disgraced by his officers. Then, he is stopped from committing hara-kiri when they discover that Japan has officially surrendered. He ends the film another bewildered P.O.W. In the film’s last scene, he is tasked with executing Ma as punishment for his murder of two Japanese soldiers. That is the final irony: he must execute the man responsible for his survival.
Difficult to grasp.
Answer me this: which person is more lazy, the one who chooses to watch TV all day, or the one who submits to their daily indoctrination at the hands of our education system? The one who is engrossed in a video game of their own choosing, or the one who is being forced to take music lessons? The one who spends hours petting and playing with their cat, or the one who goes outside to play because they were told to? The one who is able to view the world in new ways, or the one who tries to figure out how to exist in the world the way it is today? The one who challenges, or the one who accepts? The one who experiments, or the one who follows?
And also didn't answer the question.
05 moments in love
1 placating
I am finalizing my blueprints for the bar. I will make a run to the Home Depot this weekend to buy the wood. Time permitting, I will start the build soon thereafter. It is a descent size, so it will take some time. I hope not to long because I really want to get it finished in the next 3 weeks.
With the centenary of her foundering fresh in our collective consciousness, the fact that the latest scenario from Pelgrane Press for its RPG of Lovecraftian investigative horror, Trail of Cthulhu, nothing less than well-timed. Written by Adam Gauntlett, whose previous contributions to titles published by Miskatonic River Press, Pagan Publishing, and Pelgrane Press, have all been well received, The Millionaire’s Special is a mini-adventure set on the RMS Titanic, in which several First Class passengers – or is that player characters – must face a threat already aboard the luxurious liner, whilst their players know that they will face certain death by adventure’s end.
SPOON cucumber mixture onto center of platter; surround with cucumber ribbons.
We might as well face it in spite of any thoughts to the contrary: a disciplined approach to any subject pays dividends. We tend to kick against the wisdom of the experts and hope that our haphazard approaches accomplish the same goal, but this is rarely the case. For eons, learning has been proven to work best by building on foundations of increasing complexity. In fact, once a student has truly grasped and mastered the critical foundational learning, then they can begin experimenting to find new and exciting ways to accomplish the same goals. However, with this approach, the student understands the hows and the whys and then can break rules with perfect understanding of what they are doing. Their experiences may even become part of the the next generation’s foundational learning.
3) Severe Food Aversion and/or Eating Disorder and/or something else - Owen has not ever consumed anything beyond a thin puree consistency. At over 2 years old he still relies almost completely on formula for his nutritional needs. Prior to his second surgery, we assumed that part of his difficulty eating was because of the diverticulum blocking his esophagus. Post-surgery, he actually started taking an interest in real foods like granola bars, mashed potatoes, etc. But suddenly, that stopped, and now we are back to a daily struggle to get him to consume more than a couple ounces of purees - let alone table foods like a normal kid his age should be doing. He is seeing a therapist and nutritionalist every week, and we have yet to figure out what is causing this trouble with foods.
Monthy Python You don’t hear this on the radio UK
What do you think? Do you find first lines important, or do you not notice them? Do you find them hard to write, or like me do you find it hard to go on if you haven't got it right? What's the best one you've ever read?
Now don't think we left for the weekend without tackling some home projects this weekend. Two big projects got done. Stay tuned for this afternoon's post for a little sneak peek!
The Obama Show
Even though he doesn't have a sweet tooth, Alex fell in love with baklava for dessert. He ended up doing a taste-test, of sorts, throughout Santorini; the winner is pictured above.
teams will have an exhibition game against KISH tomorrow in
Bound together by
159. Wrinkle in Time, A: Madeleine L'Engle
Makes me sad: society, Benjamin, music
Mitt Romney feels strongly that women should have access to free contraception. Or shouldn’t. Whichever position results in more votes for Mitt.
I must confess...
*About 1 cup (100g) grated Gouda cheese, and a bit more to sprinkle on top
“Not according to neighbors, but I’ll check maybe he has a cousin or something.”
Inside Art: Olivera
What I don’t want is to wonder what he’s thinking. I don’t want to second guess myself caring about what any guy thinks right now. I don’t want to compromise and meet in the middle, as relationships–which require work, mutual commitment, and emotional energy–demand. As I have told my kids in the past, emotional energy is like a bank account–you can start the day with $100. That’s all you have–you have to be careful how you spend it. Any relationship is going to take a chunk of that $100 and rob my kids of the precious little I have in my bank account right now. They need me.
Just a few more cards to come......
no good!’
Well done Margreet! Get in touch using the address in the sidebar, and we'll sort out your prize of 3 digi stamps from Crafts 4 Eternity.
As Ally’s wandering spirit wrestles with a deep longing to flee again, a young woman on the other side of the world escapes her life of slavery in the rock quarries of Nepal. A mysterious sketchbook leads Sunila Kunari to believe there’s more to her story than she’s ever been told, and she’s determined to follow the truth wherever it leads her.
crystal shining
The capri’s may need to be taken in a tiny bit. I have no booty or hips. I have to say they make my legs look longer because there is no contrast between them and my pasty white legs!! The shoes are going in the donate pile–they rub funny. I’m diabetic so I am super funny about shoes!
I didn't read Pollock's collection of stories, Knockemstiff, but after reading this, his first novel, I am sorely tempted. I was drawn in in the first place by the mention of Denis Johnson's name on the back cover quote and fan's of his writing and also that of Cormac McCarthy would be well advised to follow that lead. Pollock writes about a brutal world filled with physical and sexual violence, where life can be cheap and the chances to transcend it few and far between, but if you don't mind getting knocked about a bit and in fact find that there's something redemptive in the end about that kind of hard hitting fiction then whether you begin with novel or stories I think you may be in for a treat.
Really, it feels fantastic when I'm asked to translate. After spending most of my days completely stumbling over my words, attempting to have conversations in German, and feeling frustrated... it's pretty great when I'm needed like this. It means that my German is good enough to be able to go back and forth from the two languages (which is actually way more difficult than solely speaking one or the other).
8. Unspeakabe Acts of Violence
Here’s the dreaded side view:
How long before you return to the fold?
2. If you comment on one business’ products and then like/join two other Facebook pages, you earn 1 entry.
I would rate UNLEASHED as a classical paranormal book, it's dark, thrilling and even at times a bit romantic. I couldn't get enough of the book.
Anyway...back to Charlie... Since Jen was gone for the week and Jeremy had to work, Charlie came to stay with Grammy. I had so much to do but I'm telling you, there is nothing I wouldn't do for this child so everything else took a back seat to my little Smooshy! She is now almost 8 months old and just getting cuter and cuter. So much fun and so quick to smile. She's also becoming very mobile... crawling all over the place. She actually pulled herself up while she was in the pack and play so I had to take the top bed piece out. She had a bit of a cold while she was here and as much I hate her being sick I loved that she only wanted to be with Grammy at times when she was tired. Speaking of tired, I was worn out! This is why people my age don't have babies. Thank goodness for Grampy, Auntie Julz and Uncle Nate taking turns with Charlie, giving me a chance to make dinner, straighten up or just collapse! Special props to Julz who had Charlie just screaming with laughter. I wish I had been able to get video. Charlie and I were sitting on the bed and Julz would run and flip over and off the bed, jump up and say "Ta Da!" and Charlie would just crack up... Julianne is so smitten with this child. She said "I would do ANYTHING to make her smile." How adorable is that? And Charlie loves her right back. Here she is giving Auntie Julz baby kisses!
Better, perhaps, to simply let it goes.
So it is — it is here.
I was first introduced to Ayurveda Medicine by a practitioner on my 28th birthday (the number 28 is significant in Ayurveda, I was officially an adult according to her, when I was in my teacher training program at YogaWorks. Upon meeting her, she was extremely warm and friendly, I assumed she was in her early 40′s… I was SHOCKED at the end of class when she confessed she was actually pushing 70! For vanity reasons alone I wanted to learn more about Ayurveda if I could age like her.
We’re now seeing the second round of this disaster occurring in Egypt and other Arab countries today. Thanks to the Fed’s funny money policies, food prices have hit records. And even the Fed’s phony measures show that vegetable prices are up 13%!
Looking at DRS rear wing in use between different cars creates an optical illusion. Some wings appear to open far more than others. Red Bull and Mercedes are teams who have raced short flap DRS since the start of the season. When their DRS is activated, the slot gap appears much larger compared to McLaren who continue to race with a larger flap. Their flap appears to be only half as much as the other two teams. Although if we could measure it, all three wings are creating the same 50mm slot gap.
Now how did they do the sounding? It was done by letting down the lead weight on a rope and when the weight hit the bottom they could feel the slack. It was a primitive way but also quite effective. In this way they knew they were fairly near some shore. Safety was at hand.
I love how powerful love can be, how it makes you really feel alive.
But the second loss? We were robbed! It was the last game of the regular season to see which team would go on to represent Green County in the regionals. And it went something like this:
Hello there, my crafty friends. I hope you are all doing well. I have another 2 birthdays to celebrate this first half of February. So I made these 2 very cute cards. I wish I could take full credit for them, but I can't. I did make them myself but they were inspired by UdderlyAwesomeStampingfromtheheart
Right away they flew in the Dutchess of Dorkville to negotiate a take over. After a few hours of begging and pleading to be taken out from under the thumb of the Fucktard Cunt Blister, and after promising fealty to the true Queendom, the Duchess was ready to take them back under the rule of the Royals.
He adds: “He’s a very impressive guy, very inquisitive, and it’s a pleasure to have him as a student. I think the degree will serve as an example for others, and he should be very proud of himself.”
* From the Rolling Stones song..”Walk this way.” Wok this way but I don’t know how you would dress up like chinese cooks
VAGUE, but they use the word Mahogany in color.... A Color Description ol' Jeff didn't know and used to mach me for using. DW
*The Man was, I think, actually a bit nonplussed by this particular conversation; which I believe sounded something like "I know we're out of milk, but they don't carry Horizon at Walgr-AAAAH! (rattle rattle slide)... (pause)...Uh, I'M OK!"
The result was an herbaceous, almost sweet beer that finishes dry (7 percent ABV). It's not totally dissimilar from a saison brewed with herbs, or even rose tea, but you do notice the lack of any hop flavor whatsoever. Interesting, and a good sipping beer, but not a beer you want to toss down your gullet.
In the meantime, the most important question is how do you change a destructive habit when you don’t have all the control over the situation? How do I stop the dance so I stop beating myself up?
While we must give Mr Liu due credit for his hard work to achieve where he is today, we wonder if he will have the same opportunity to do so had he remained in China where the education system is vastly different from ours and the United States. Singapore offers a comparative advantage to other Asian countries for prospective students to study in the United States because of our strong command of the English language.
The first two attempts at the 100 push ups challenge were done in the modified form … on my knees, or what many refer to as “girl push ups.” I don’t use that terminology because it has a negative connotation as if girls can’t do regular good form push ups.
Any approach to the recently-published archival text, including comparative, historical, psychoanalytic, feminist, queer, materialist, biographical; Monroe as icon, poet, performer; in celebrity culture, fashion, politics, and film. 300-word abstracts. by 15 March 2011; Zachary Lamm (zlamm@uic.edu).
When I got home I was sick in my bin. Whenever I hear this song a wave of nausea comes over me. As you were.
Daily, he finds fault,
This is why I find myself constantly gravitating back to chocolate chip cookies, even though there are about a million other cookie recipes I want to try. In truth, I’ve been meaning to make these cookies for a while because of all the great things I’ve heard about them. And while this unfortunately is not my absolute favorite chocolate chip cookie recipe, this is definitely among the frontrunners, together with these cookies. I haven’t found my absolute favorite yet you see, however this particular recipe hit a lot of what I look for in a chocolate chip cookie:
Granted, it’s more difficult to penetrate accounts at the top, but while it may take longer to accomplish than if we were to introduce ourselves to someone in Purchasing, it is much more rewarding. Our average sales will be larger and our margins will be equally larger, due to the fact that our selling occurs at the proper level within the account. Ultimately we will be selling to department managers who use our products on a daily basis and have the specific challenges that our products and systems address. At this level, price is less of a consideration, because it is normally offset by a customer’s need for quality and performance.
Caught up in all of this are the fantasies of belonging that different origin stories allow us to project upon the present. For instance, if you feel at home in the grasslands of South Dakota, can you say it's because you are "from" the plains of Africa? Or, if you love living in the American southwest, is it because humans really originated in the desert valleys of the Middle East? You're simply sensing that deeper attachment?
Two awards will be made out of this one category, one for horror and one for fantasy. As many people have commented on Twitter, it’s an odd set-up, but that’s what most BFS members voted for. The explanation given before the vote was this, and I think the way the new BFS awards admin who inherited the new rules has handled it makes sense. Although the voting was divided into fantasy and horror, all those votes were counted together at the end. So four of these were the books that got the most votes, regardless of genre. Half the novel votes being ringfenced that way for fantasy does seem to have led to a more varied shortlist. The judges added two titles to this category – the books by George R.R. Martin and Jo Walton, I'd guess. I didn't read many novels from 2011 during 2011, but I went for Revenants by Daniel Mills. Though it didn't get in here, I hope it might still have a shot at best newcomer.
Cheap lout, happy lady squeeze, life is sweet. The only cloud on the horizon is the lady squeeze’s own enthusiasm for celebrities in the jungle. Might be worth texting a mate and suggesting a visit to a local grotty pub after all. What was I saying about pubs being for losers? When celebs are in the jungle we are all losers.
So expect things to finally start picking up. Posts will go back on and . . . drum rolls please.
It's not going to go away because it's the deepest wisdom and authenticity of you trying to get you on exactly the right track. It is your truth.
To celebrate this resolution of sorts, I'm getting my hair did today, getting back to the gym, and treating myself to the best life possible. To 28 and all that follows.
Can you just even believe it’s Friday already? Where did this week go? I think I need a few more hours in the day to get done what I need to, don’t you?
And, as a warning, beware my new doorman, he is generally friendly but he also knows how to be a bit of a Beast.....
Have a wonderful day and I'll see you again soon!
Observations: Some students preferred to work on the problems individually and just work through the worksheet as if it were a homework assignment – these were mostly my higher-achieving students who could get away with this. Some students immediately flocked to the nearest table and asked what they were the expert on and started asking them how to do the problem. I sat on the fringes of some groups and listened to conversations and was happy with what I heard – I think this activity was so successful because of the questioning/explanation culture I’ve instilled in my students – I don’t think this activity would have run as smoothly if I had tried it in the first month of school when I was still creating this culture. Students mimicked my questioning strategies and some of my comments (for example, I say ‘I disagree’ or ‘I agree’ a lot instead of ‘right’/'wrong’, etc – I heard a lot of kids saying this, which encouraged discussion). It wasn’t all perfect though – some kids just traded papers and started to copy – or, if groups didn’t erase their whiteboards, students came up and just started copying the work. I had to keep my eye out for this at the beginning and tell students that they were to give explanations, not just answers. This requires a discussion. Then I sat and waited for the students to have that discussion (one of those moments where you have to spend 5 minutes with one student, but then that student will never repeat the behavior again – or at least not in that class period).
When security people say they're going to search your bag, they have a different meaning of the word "search" from the one my husband uses when he says he's going to search for the correct place to put the kitchen sieve. Very different. Their version of search involves them taking everything out of my bag, and then everything out of everything that's in my bag. Now I, being a bit of a control freak and an ex-girl guide (see Of boots, escalators and photographers) tend to have some weird things in my bag when I'm away doing school talks. Even weirder than plastic brains. To be honest I'd prefer not to say some of the things that I had in my bag but if you were one of my fellow passengers, you would know. And you would be laughing. As they were.
Totally unconvincing! We live in Greece and know what is happening. The sad fact is that a critical mass of Greek people does not appear to want structural reform or modernization of the economy and especially Greek society; many still want a return to the good old days when handouts were readily available, especially to those connected to the power structure. Reorganization of Greece from the ground up has been recommended by just about everybody, check our previous posts. Those elements of civil society which have focused on the problems, like the newly independent media (bloggers) and groups like Transparency International, are still relatively ineffective, although gaining some ground. Why don’t the authors of the article below even attempt to explain how or why Greece has delayed on Troika-mandated reforms for over 18 months now? They can’t, so the whole point of this plea for mercy is wasted. And Greece continues spiraling down……
Shortly after hearing this story, I listened to the WSM broadcast of the memorial for Scruggs that was held at the Ryman Auditorium in Nashville. One bluegrass star after another got up and spoke about how Scruggs had served as a mentor. Ricky Skaggs put it this way: “What I always saw in Earl, he was always looking, not at himself, but for the next generation. He was always looking ahead.”
But a true warrior is: he is open to challenge; he is open to criticism. A real warrior puts himself out there and offers the world a standing invitation to disprove his point of view, because a real warrior is dedicated to the truth and to reality at all costs, and not just the costs that his ego is willing to pony up.
Another day of getting juiced at the I.V. therapy in a bit through my PICC line and again the next day plus a neurologist apt. Thurs. and a neurosurgeon apt and juicing Fri.... Then we will find out when they will do my surgery to fix the whole in my skull that my sinuous made when it blew and I got meningitis.What I would not give to get a good or, great nights sleep an no heart burn....
Haamid: (Points to the left side of the stage.) I see a shadow! If we hurry, we might be able to catch the criminal.
People used to say that South Africa was 20 years behind the rest of the Western world. Television, for example, came late to South Africa (but so did pornography ).
Anyway, my point is, there is stitching on my card! And it's pink...which means that I actually changed the cotton by myself and filled an empty bobbin and inserted it back in by myself!! Will wonders never cease! I must confess, it did take a rather long phone call to my very crafty and talented Patchwork-sewing Mum to get instructions on how to do it...and then after failing and giving up I had one last, desperate search for the sewing machine instruction manual...and wouldn't you know it, I found it! Two minutes later and I was raring to go! Boy, the instructions were so easy to follow!
We chose the mini baked camembert with honey figs and nuts, a beautiful plaited bread with rosemary and sea salt, green fig preserve, avocado and parmesan crisp salad, fresh pesto with mixed herbs and almonds, sundried tomatoes and a creamy hummus.
This soul can see you,
Yes, he was a bit unreasonable wasn’t he, suggests Eve. Mind you, we were both control freaks. Did you really fire him? I nod. I'm not that surprised... Mind you, he always said nice things about you. Hang on, I’ll be back shortly, I’m just going to go and get another of these rum punches… do you want one? I decline.
1) overcome your old programming; it was very useful when you where a child and in your growing years and now is time to pass over it;
When we got back down, Fil asked if Butthead could double check since the tickets could not be found. We were already 15minutes late by now! So anyway, Butthead suddenly had a change of tone and said, “Sure Sir, no problem, ano po ulit yung pangalan?(What’s the name again?)” … Fil answered quickly and as calmly as possible…and finally when Butthead checked… THERE IT WAS! IN PLAIN SIGHT!!! 2 tickets addressed to Filomeno Capul! Fil raised his voice at Butthead for his carelessness and stupidity! Butthead then said, “Ay d ko alam yan, di kasi ako yung gumawa nyan.” (Oh, I had no idea ’cause I wasn’t the one who made that!) Sudden change of mind? Stupid.
Last week I was working on my hexagons and now I am wondering it if it worth it, to make a full sized quilt and if I have enough of the gold to finish it. So, I laid it out, as it is now to show you how it looks as a quilt. I planned on filling in the outer sections with the gold, then going around with the red and greens in a border, than one more border in gold. It just doesn't look right to me, what do you think?
The first thing that the Collins touched on was his second year guard Evan Turner. The Ohio State standout is expected to play a bigger role for the Sixers this season and his work throughout the summer could go a long way toward the Sixers taking another step. One way that Collins believes Turner can help is to develop and sustain his mid range game.
My mom would blame Charmed, or CSI, or Alias for my nightmares. She thinks those are already really scary stuff, and that I shouldn’t be watching them. Now I know where I got my low tolerance for scary stuff.
February:The President’s FY05 Budget again highlights the risk posed by the explosive growth of the GSEs and their low levels of required capital, and called for creation of a new, world-class regulator: “The Administration has determined that the safety and soundness regulators of the housing GSEs lack sufficient power and stature to meet their responsibilities, and therefore…should be replaced with a new strengthened regulator.” (2005 Budget Analytic Perspectives, pg. 83)
There are quite a few remaining landhouses (Landhuis) throughout Curaçao – plantation houses from an era gone by. Some are in ruin, some have been converted to museums or resorts or restaurants. Last year we stopped by one that has a museum, but it was closed. Heather really wanted to check it out again…a perfect idea. It is called Landhuis Knip or Landhouse Kenepa. Here is the historical note on it:
Memorable Line: “Brennan, you been toking up?” “What?” “You been drinking drugs?” “No.” “Your eyes are red. Have you been crying?”
to not wake the most charming baby
A couple of weeks ago it was my Granny's 99th birthday (look out for some pictures soon) and as I was doing the catering, I thought I would try my hand at baking a Sachertorte, seeing as it was one of my late grandfather's favourites. The picture above is a leftover slice!
Surprised, she turned to see a dark-haired young man clad only in light trousers sitting at the shore, a fishing pole stuck into the clay. She smiled at him. “Oh, I’m so sorry. I didn’t know anyone else was here.” Briana glanced at his line. “Have you caught anything?”
Money is a tough topic – It can lead to many heated discussions and it most certainly will be the worst part about your renovation….. but my advice is as follows….
The little boy runs with his dog
Son of Thor is running through a list of names as we speak, but I will stand firm.
Though playing at Agganis becomes a more common occurrence for BU Men’s Basketball every year, the majority of the team’s home games are played at “The Roof,” in a high-school-sized gym that magnifies the cheers of a fan section that cannot fill up a set of bleachers without the added padding of the school band.
The corrections and challenges that you have to do should be of some substance. Imagine that you observe a person completing purchase orders but not signing them before turning them in. For a number of reasons the signature is an important part of the process. When you discover that the signature is missing you try to determine who created these purchase orders and reinforce the need for their signature. You are either able to identify the specific person who failed to sign them and can talk to them one on one to correct their mistake.
Sophomore Showcase is tomorrow for area schools (besides Alva). Adult students will not have class but will need to completed the “outside” assignment by Thursday. I appreciate Austin, Kamaree, Jessica, Zachary, Kevin, and Justin assisting me with the tours.
- Post Craigslist ads all over the world looking for writers/editors.
And finally…
Ebon Hawk is a Brave Genius who’s Mean Spirited, Insane, and a Couch Potato. She likes pop music, hot dogs, and the color lime, and wishes to be a Pervasive Private Eye (complete thirty cases as a private investigator, I believe).
Hubby & I will be starting IVF treatment so been going back & forth to Leeds for tests etc before it starts.
Her broken heart
Jesus describes Himself as the “light” so that we no longer live in the darkness of this world. Jesus came to show us the way to the Father. Once we know the way, it is up to us to follow Him. If we do not follow the Light of the world, then we condemn ourselves. It is not Jesus who ever condemns us – it is our responsibility. God is love. Jesus did not come to condemn the world, but to save it.
Blood, the very substance your body relies on to live, that is continually pumped through your body every second of every day, can also kill you, and it can kill quick, and if it doesn’t kill you quick, it will leave it’s ugly mark. You may be left unconscious…permanently, hooked up to a machine that breathes for you. You may regain consciousness, but not be able to speak, think, or walk the way you used to. You may have to relearn how to eat, change your clothes, or go to the bathroom. It doesn’t discriminate between young or old. Nor does it discriminate between those who are healthy from those who aren’t. It strikes without warning. One moment you’re eating dinner with your friend, talking about weekend plans, a second later you notice a sharp sudden headache, then everything goes black. Your life-if you live-will never be same. Nor will it be for your family or friends.
Head Office 15
The second card uses Concord Crush and Very Vanilla cardstock. The butterflies are cut out of Pink Pirouette cardstock and the Beautiful Wings Embosslit Die on page 216 of the Idea Book and Catalog. I used Elegant Lines (pg. 219) embossing folder to emboss the Very Vanilla Cardstock. Basic Pearls were added (page 198) on the butterflies.
Tim Holtz's die (on the fence); Spellbinders' ovals; pearls, 3d foams
giggling fits--not just a single laugh, but rolling laughter
It’s an interesting dilemma because being a creative professional — like those who choose law, medicine, dentistry — demands years of attention to one discipline. You start out with talent. You may invest tens of thousands of dollars in higher education, workshops, coaches and ongoing training. It’s crazily competitive and the criteria of success often utterly quixotic and subjective. A lawyer wins or loses a case. A dentist fills a cavity.
this technique is really easy and you don't need anything special for it - just a few bottles of glimmer mist, a glimmer screen and left overs from your birthday candles.
Indeed, it didn’t taste much like I had remembered. It was still thin in body as I’d noted, but this Herkenrode Bruin was much more pleasant overall.
She left Missouri for Texas in May 2010 and went into housing provided by her adoption agency. In June and July he was sent documents from Texas to consent to the adoption which he did not sign. He filed petitions for paternity and for parent-child relationship in Texas in July as well as with the Putative Fathers Registry in Illinois. Early August 2010 he filed with the Putative Fathers Registry in Texas.
The problem was that actual game play didn't necessarily feel like that in the games I played or those I've heard of. This is for the most part mind you. In older editions, there were tons of random encounters and these random encounters didn't necessarily rely on the player character's level, they relied on where they were at. Only 3rd level and going to the old dwarf ruins some two weeks travel out of the city? Wandering encounter says you encounter a group of stone giants with two cave bears. Roll for imitative.
"(Many of) the greatest crimes in the world are not committed by people breaking the rules, but by people following the rules. It’s people who follow orders that drop bombs and massacre villages." -Banksy
Now, imagine the same scene, we see the actor, and then the camera closes in on the knife. But as the camera pulls back, we see that the actor has changed into a different actor now that the knife is in hand. Rather than assume that characters retain the same body over time, the knife has changed the body of the character, from a pre-murderer into a murderer. Why not express this change in this way? What prevent us from doing this? Ini the real world it is not possible to change body as one changes life-mode, but why constrain ourselves? Here the function of the character may include continuity of action, but not of body/actor.
MJ Pale was the only British beer available. (on draught) The rest was a selection of US Lagers and Ales consisting of: Anchor Steam, Blue Moon, Brooklyn Brown + Lager, Lone Star Lager, PBR and Sam Adams Boston Lager - A good selection to be fair, it's more interesting than most restaurants around the area.
I have so much more to show you, but I will have to save that for another day - hopefully not so long next time! I'm going to enter this card into the Crafters Companion Monthly Challenge, which this month is 'Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow'.
The philosophy behind Free-Range Kids does not advocate simply throwing caution and safety to the wind. Rather, it’s a philosophy that encourages parents to step back and allow their kids to make some of their own decisions — even if they’re sometimes wrong ones. The key is to do your best to arm your children with the decision-making skills they need, and when they show you they are ready to test those skills, let them! Sure, on occasion they will fail, but they will also succeed, and that success gives them a huge boost of confidence.
21:37 Uhuru Sounds -ariwo yaa
In my classroom we comment on the stories we hear. The writer chooses three classmates to share something they liked about their story. Additionally, they choose three more classmates who have questions about their story. The questions often help with the revision process. They remind the writer of details that need to be addressed in their story. It's similar to what happens during the Slice of Life Story challenge. The process motivates, encourages, and provides ideas for future writing.
Over the years, we have become supporters of video games as a great, fun option for our kids. I don't ever recall evaluating video games for their "educational" content, like I did with TV, and I never really paused to consider whether or not video games would be - or could be - harmful for my children. But it is precisely this consideration that gives many parents pause.
The Keys of Enoch
Level 7: MP Cost: 35, Duration: 210 seconds, Damage: +124%.
But the ending has to change to some degree. Not sure how great a degree. Which is actually sort of enervating, since it took much effort to end it the first time. But once I work my way to the end I think I can rest on this one for a bit.
I do not fear any of you and you do not intimidate me, you are the ones who should count yourselves lucky because you are safe from me “please do not forget this point”. This is my British ‘homeland’ not yours, my body flows with Anglo-Saxon blood that has survived here in Great Britain for millennia; we, and there are 10s of millions of us here along with our fellow Celtic brothers are the ultimate heirs and defenders of this special Island which is our homeland. We will never allow you to force Islam upon this land, suppressing and butchering our children in the process of your Jihad that is laid down in your book. There are laws in place here protecting you because this is a progressive and modern civilized Western Judeo/Christian society, not a savage third world Islamic society. Our laws are what prevent innocent people like me from taking the law into their own hands and defending themselves from the likes of you. The law is supposed to do the job for us and protect us, our families and our children from your evil. We know full well though, that you, within the Islamic Kingdom have no regard for our laws and our way of life, and is the reason why the situation is so dire on the ground here in Great Britain with law abiding innocent British citizens who are bound by their British laws being forced into a position of Dhimmitude through fear and intimidation, having to face the daily onslaught by you, the determined modern aggressive and murderous 21st Century Islamic paramilitary army that is living amongst us, feeding from us and conducting a murderous guerrilla war against us.
Money down
It's very hard for me to care about what's for dinner. My head is creating all day and then it gets tired and doesn't want to cook dinner. When I'm not writing, dinner is just another have-to, but when I am, I often forget about it until the last minute. Food is not that important to me. I know that's blasphemy in a lot of people's eyes, but I just don't care what I eat usually. My espresso? That I'm particular about, but taking the time to think about a meal annoys me. The kids are going to want pizza regardless of how nice of a meal you cook them.
Me: “Actually, going to college doesn’t guarantee– I mean, no one has a job right now–”
Let them be able and upright,
ownership of (the sometimes equally annoying) Aslan. It’s true that Susan dismisses Narnia, in the end,
Then I got sight of the second question.
Both of these books introduced me to a South that I had never experienced. Although my parents moved to Atlanta in my senior year of high school, I only spent one summer there. I was unhappy away from both my beloved New Mexico and my friends, and I resisted all the charms of this lovely Southern city. Pat Conroy changed those feelings and I hope to return to visit this strange and foreign land sometime again. I fell in love with the south and its troubled, complicated social expectations through Mr. Conroy's descriptions and his deft creation of characters that you both love and hate.
And not just of the kind that have been spawned by keeping my head OUT of the world of X-Box Live. Though it has certainly helped to spend more time with the family, don't get me wrong, and I have made some amazing strides in getting to some things that have been languishing of late, and not just me in the role of 'Daddy'.
Immigrants are people too.
AKIRA: I hope it will be screened in it’s original language because I’ve only seen it in German so far. And I hope I then will find it better. Somehow I wasn’t so awed out as I had expected to be judging from how everybody talks about it. I mean, its sort if punky frustration is so 80s! But when I had heard a track from its soundtrack recently creatd by XXX I was courious to see the whole film again. Maybe also focusing more the music this time.
Well now you're going to hear about My Luncheon with Phyllis.
Vatican Insider calls her observations ‘original,’ and they do seem counter-intuitive, after the education in modernism we’ve been put through the last forty years, but in fact, ‘religious liberty’ causes a reaction, a struggle for power in the vacuum left by the Church. Secularism causes war.
My husband thinks that the outfit looks a bit like a saloon girl outfit. It might be fitting, considering that this little girl has a sister that wants to name her Sparkle.
I'll be honest, I don't love my nose and have thought about having it "fixed" but in the end I decided that this is how G-d made me and I'm happy with who I am and what I look like. Also, how do you know that after the procedure you'll look any better? I know a few people who had work done and one of the nose jobs didn't make them look any different and someone else decided to have her chin implant removed because she liked her chin better pre-implant.
Son of God
Formed in the late eighties as a slightly rockist band (who one local man insists sounded rather like early Genesis) they gradually turned their attention to skewed, wobbly bass riffs, industrial rhythms, and perverse sloganeering. "I Want To Masturbate at Castle Donnington" is probably one of the better examples of their work, combining looped eastern wailing with threatening vocals, which are then frequently punctuated by "Psycho" referencing instrumental effects. It's actually not at all funny, despite the title, and sounds more like the work of obsessive stalkers who would give Barry George a run for his money. If somebody followed you down the street playing this on a ghetto blaster whilst singing "Give me pleasure" along with it, you'd run as hard as you could.
I’ve started the rewrite from scratch – in other words, although I have the original draft at my side, the writing has all begun again – which means that amongst other things, I’ve so far cut out more than half of what I originally had and I’m sure much more will go.
For my final Creepmas post, I present Merry, a little Ghost of Christmas Past. Merry is my attempt to capture a little Creepmas spirit in the form of a Little Gothic Horrors doll.
Janna Dutton & Associates recently published an article on the incredible work of the ICBC. Their mission is to achieve and maintain quality, dignified and compassionate care for nursing home and other long-term care facility residents. The organization works directly with families to help choose the right nursing home, shorten or avoid nursing home placement by finding alternative care, improve poor or abusive nursing home care and navigate the waters of Medicare and Medicaid. Their database aides this work by providing information on services various nursing homes provide, their violation histories and the experiences members have had with those homes.
The National Health Service is today condemned over its inhumane treatment of elderly patients in an official report that finds hospitals are failing to meet “even the most basic standards of care” for the over-65s.
In the liturgical books of the Roman Catholic Church, this elaborate formula only survived (with slight alterations) in the Misereatur used in the publication of indulgences. (see above) and the Urbi et Orbi blessing of the Pope.
Life can be construed as a predominantly material rather than social or spiritual affair. Among those seeing it that way, some go further and construe a material life as a necessarily exploitative life. That is, they orient themselves toward constantly taking from others, grossly exceeding their level of actual need. In this post, I have suggested that this twisted way of seeing life can result in ironic deprivation, even in ways that are commonly attributed to the poor (e.g., housing, education).
Once taken out in the inner there is nothing that they can do about there fate, they are doomed to face whatever consequences their Karma holds. Their fate is not always death, it can be a fall from grace or bankruptcy or an incurable illness..the most evil however will not survive. There are those among us who have been given chance after chance to change their ways and have failed to do so. The forces of light and good especially Gaia cannot keep giving us chances..we have already had many many chances to change our ways and for those that constantly refuse , there is no more time.
and now i'm pretttttty sure you'll want to be hopping over to the pixie blog, where you can not only find out all the details on submitting your own version (did i mention there's a prize?!) but also see the jaw-dropping work of our amazingly talented challenge dt! off you go then, darlings! ♥
In common with other teams Force India have followed an evolutionary path for their car since the aero rules changed in 2009. Despite having a strong year in 2011, the team had already decided to follow a new car concept for 2012. Thus the car we see has little in common with the outgoing VJM04, starting from the concept of a new front wing and a new nose above it. Then the sidepod philosophy has been switched to the Toro Rosso style of deeply undercut (or double floor) sidepods.
The original idea was to explore how young people fared in a difficult situation with no adults around. So, although the plan wasn't necessarily to create a science fiction series, it turned out to be the best vehicle for what I was writing. And that's fine with me, because some of the most inspiring and thought-provoking books I read as a kid were science fiction. I cut my teeth on Arthur C. Clarke, Isaac Asimov, and Michael Crichton (his VERY early days).
Not having a five-figure sum, but determined to bring the Daily Mail to account for their damaging article, I decided to pursue my own claim.
Gong- Radio Gnome Trilogy
7. adding a bit of alcohol ink (peridot)
After dinner we went to seeThe Fighter. Which seemed appropriate, since it was Boxing Day and all.
Bush and the propaganda specialists in American media bleat about how Russia is invading democracy. And goodness, democracy good, and Russia (last time I checked, it was also a democracy, right?) bad.
be careful about getting into a situation without a clear plan about how to get out of it again. This was something Daddy Bush and Colin Powell understood quite clearly when they sent their troops off to kick Saddam’s ass in Desert Storm over twenty years ago. Dubya never learned this and Powell, apparently,
What is painfully evident is that medical practitioners, be they specialists or general physicians, as well as family members and people with epilepsy themselves, all need to talk about SUDEP. The culture of silence that has prevailed around it has to stop. More discussion and more awareness will save lives. In my opinion, learning about SUDEP, as frightening as it may be, is the right of every person affected by epilepsy, even the newly diagnosed, and should be made absolutely standard practice. The only exceptions I can think of might be young children and people who are developmentally delayed, and in those situations I believe medical personnel have a duty to fully inform the parents or guardians.
Consider one set of images from Zhang Dali’s exhibition at Walsh Gallery in Chicago last summer – a group of Chinese soldiers march across the upper right hand diagonal of a photograph, guns shouldered, confident straight ahead glares. Purposeful and austere, they are the embodiment of security, the acme of government patronage. A group of children observe this march, and most pay attention to their troops, looking literally up to them from the lower left of the frame. But this picture was not good enough. It was not to be presented to the public of China and changes were made. One alteration was the addition of painted color, but the more fascinating touch up are of those distracted boys, those that weren’t quite paying attention, being brushed out or redrawn. The final printed photograph shows every boy, every student of the Chinese army, at full attention.
Malema’s lawyers handed in papers to the ANC’s national disciplinary committee of appeal on Thursday, asking them to reconsider his five-year suspension from the ANC.
The bulls may have pushed the ball over the line but they couldn’t hold the ground that they had taken. Apple stumbled badly as it was up 14 points at its highs for the day and closed unchanged. Quite the precipitous fall for THE leader of the market. Apple’s fall took the market with it. The Dow did finish up 66 points but decliners led advancers. Apple’s rapid descent from its highs on the day is disconcerting at best. Its ugly performance has set the bulls back and may be the impetus that pushes us to the low end of our trading range. When leaders on the battle field get shot forces scatter. Forces may be on the verge of scattering.
If you aren't already aware, Joe Hill is the son of Stephen King....although I'm pretty sure you won't see that mentioned anywhere in the introductions or on the covers of the book. I don't think he admitted a connection to his famous father until his second book Heart Shaped Box, published in 2007, came out. Which is another book I highly recommend.
Level 14: MP Cost: 14, Attacks up to 5 enemies, Damage: 127%, Attacks the enemies 4 times.
Juelz Santana - 29
Chino Valley Farmers Market
"hi, this is Christine from The museum, what's your name."
Police also paid him R250 000 a month in rent for safe houses, some of which were not fit to live in.
SUBJECT: Cultured Marble sample #137, “White Carrera”
I am a tenth generation American, descended from a family that has been working a farm that was deeded to us by William Penn. The country has changed around us but we have held true. I stand in my grandmother’s kitchen, look down the valley to her brother’s farm and see my great-great-great-great-great-grandmother Hannah standing on the porch. She is holding the baby, surrounded by four other children, and saying goodbye to her husband and oldest son who are going off to fight in the Revolutionary War. The war is twenty miles away and her husband will die fighting. We are not the Daughters of the American Revolution; we were its mothers. My father, Milton C. Woodlen, got his doctorate from Temple University in the 1940’s when—in his words—“a doctorate still meant something.” He became an education professor at West Chester State Teachers College, where my mother, Elizabeth Hope Copeland, had graduated. My mother raised four girls and one boy, of which I am the middle child. My parents are deceased and my siblings are estranged. My fiancé, Robert H. Dobrow, was a fighter pilot in the Marine Corps. In 1974, his plane crashed, his parachute did not open, and we buried him in a cemetery on Long Island. I could say a great deal about him, or nothing; there is no middle ground. I have loved other men; Bob was my soul mate. The single greatest determinate of who I am and what my life has been is that I inherited my father’s gene for bipolar disorder, type II. Associated with all bipolar disorders is executive dysfunction, a learning disability that interferes with the ability to sort and organize. Despite an I.Q. of 139, I failed twelve subjects and got expelled from high school and prep school. I attended Syracuse University and Onondaga Community College and got an associate’s degree after twenty-five years. I am nothing if not tenacious. Gifted with intelligence, constrained by disability, and compromised by depression, my employment was limited to entry level jobs. Being female in the 1960’s meant that I did office work—billing at the university library, calling out telegrams at Western Union, and filing papers at a law firm. During one decade, I worked at about a hundred different places as a temporary secretary. I worked for hospitals, banks, manufacturers and others, including the county government. I quit the District Attorney’s Office to manage a gas station; it was more honest work.
4.) Steppenwolf - Born To Be Wild - The most perfect match of music to lyrics in the history of the planet.
We loved too true to keep a friend;
Caleb - "ARTIST - Why do I have to take a shower?"
I just about had a heart attack after looking up the Thule and Yakima racks at nearly $500 apiece, ouch!
Paper Clutter
Lily-Wang, designed by Jacques Garcia. Simply superb Asian fusion dishes.
Amber shook her head again and the haze in her mind dissipated for long enough that she felt her normal self again. Her panic and fear returned full force, crashing over her. What was happening to her? She kept thinking about things she wasn’t familiar with, like Venators and Sources, and wanted to do things that went against her nature, like injuring someone.
However, if a young reader asked an on-point question about my inspiration or shared a personal experience, I honored that with the full attention and honest response it deserved.
i’m really debating bothering to go back next year.
Spent the better part of today replacing a router at the beach house. At first it seemed that a quick swap had worked. Due to port forwarding and triggering a second router was used. Not a waste of money though. The router used in the first attempt will be converted into a needed access point repeater.
Nun wünschen wir euch viel Spaß bei unserer Challenge.
Then in the morning at sun-rise they saw one another. Raven had got to a place where were two waters, and between them flat meads, and they are called Gleipni’s meads: but into one water stretched a little ness called Dingness. There on the ness Raven and his fellows, five together, took their stand. With Raven were his kinsmen, Grim and Olaf.
Chairs- $30 for all 4
"You're going to be a grandmother"............
But ties between Obama and Raines? Not if you read the mainstream media.
And then he held her
He added that Singapore needs to slow down and contain the growth of the workforce:
Dr. Seuss' The Cat in the Hat ... ABC Family ... 7 PM
For today's post I give you the Ex's 1936, the Spanish Revolution double 7". Those who know the Ex can probably already attest to the beauty of this release, but I'll get to that in a minute. First I want to talk about the revolution itself. It was a pretty special thing; it's not every day that ordinary people come together to create a relatively well-implemented anarchist economy and society. If you just want to take free music without learning anything cool, or if you're a Spanish Revolution historian, jump to the bottom. The overview is a little lengthy.
when I noticed the footprints,
Despite actually planning out every meal this week on Sunday night, and despite grocery shopping for all the food for said meals, and despite mapping out the goings-on of the past two days in my head, I still found myself scrambling at the dinner hour, both yesterday and today.
Not that E@L hasn't had a lot to smile about in the preceding thirteen full moons (see below, re: medications) but, as mentioned above, the Time has not yet arrived to enumerate and discuss these... Hang-on, there's a (conveniently timed) knock at the door. Nope, still not Time, it's one of those otherwise unemployable telephone company salesman, wants to know if E@L would care to buy Telstra. E@L told him if he didn't leave he'd shoot a kitten.
Abstract: The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (Office) amends its regulations on information disclosure statement (IDS) requirements and other related matters to improve the quality and efficiency of the examination process. These changes would enable the examiner to focus in on the relevant portions of submitted prior art at the very beginning of the examination process, give higher quality first actions, and minimize wasted steps.
My Stuff - Deep Sparkly Green (applied to lower lash line with MAC 266 by patting/sweeping)
It is not the government that is being paid for access to, for example, Minister of Trade and Industry Rob Davies, it is the party.
that overflow from the townhouse windowboxes ...
behind the wall are people gliding sliding wobbling laughing
Since this is a post about cold calling, I should also address cold calling reluctance. I hear over and over again that agents hate cold calling and dread picking up the phone to do it. What I say to them is, “What is the worst that could happen?” You may get hung up on, yelled at or just told no thank you. But, these people will NEVER be able to jump through the phone and wring your neck! So, who cares? Just start dialing and the rest will fall into place!
The traffic is marvelous, the marvel being that although nobody obeys half the road rules – and since everyone understands this is so – traffic nevertheless works itself out just fine. It is a thrilling sport to participate in. As cyclists, we travel at the same speed as slow scooters. Thus, we get to act the same way, too: occasionally cutting across traffic, driving on the wrong side of the road, and weaving around slow-moving cars. Thrilling fun.
Not to worry, father Bruce, took the reins. (That’s him to the left—how many plastic surgeries do you think he’s had, anyway?)
Once they had done what they went to do, which was to rape the woman and her little daughter, the three suspects fled the scene.
While the plan might not necessarily work long term-wise… unless Weight Watchers forever continues on for the rest of my life, it is a great start to figure out what it is you’re supposed to be eating and how much of it to have as well.
6) Street Dog Treasure hunt -Saturday, June 2, 2012 9:00 am. Ages 5 to 10 and Ages 11 - 15. Call WSD for start point details. Kids to be accompanied by one Adult.
Yet many inwardly recoil at the thought of being holy themselves for we have come to accept the human perception of holiness as the way of God. “Set Mother Mary in a picture frame and burn candles in honor of her fidelity, but leave me alone to live my life as a normal human being.”
I'm a right winger; Leanne is very much to my antipathy –she's a horrid lefty!
Calligraphy. Imagine that. Slowly-formed, not-entirely-consistent, sometimes wobbly, entirely decorative, squiggles. And on paper, at that. In a world where you can open up 3,000 fancy fonts at a time, and download another 2,000 for free, who needs calligraphy? Apparently, some of us still do. The ones who still appreciate the slow pace and beauty of life, holding on to our handwritten letters and fountain pens, even as we watch those around us shaking their thumbs sore from texting.
Exchange enemies for love, spillage of blood
I spent the morning at Island Pacific Academy’s annual May Day celebration watching the entire student body and staff of this small West Oahu private school’s junior kindergarten through twelfth grades come together in celebration of the Hawaiian culture through song and dance.
Modcloth.com version: $50 on an impulse buy.
Season 8 we lost my boy Anoop Desai, whose Idol appearances have apparently been deemed too awesome for YouTube, but you can find one of my favorites here. (scroll all the way down to the bottom of the page)
For me, it really is a small, small world. My universe starts at my house and ends at my fast food workplace. In between are the super grocery store, the 24 hour quicky mart, and the 24 hour doughnut shop. That’s pretty much it.
Alli is so excited that she'll be able to see! We're pretty excited for her too.
I bought all of the items necessary to prepare for Irene:
EK Success border punch.
I listen to beautiful music
Step 5: Repeat step 4 around 3 times.
I took this into the dressing room thinking that it would be a go-back but I figured I might as well give it a try. My initial instinct was correct...it was an awful piece on me. The one thing I did love about it was the beautiful raspberry color...totally screams spring and summer! Everything else was awful though. It was too long, too short in the sleeves, too high in the neck, too see-through, the weave of the knit was too loose...just too many issues. Just for reference, I tried this on in a size X-Small and had I liked it, that would have been the right size. Back to the rack it went.
The Medical Community-no explanation needed, but I’m going to bitch a bit anyway. I do not give a damn if you will never pay off your student loans, that you are not allowed to practice as you wish, or construction on your new summer home is six months behind schedule, you fucked up and fucked up bad. Not only did you lose one, so did I, and a whole lot of other people. Your decisions effect lives, forever, at least you could try not to be an asshole about things. Oh and quit billing my husband’s worthless estate for killing him.
a little leery about trying a bread recipe that called for no sweetener whatsoever. I always believed yeast needed both water and sugar to release enough gas to raise the dough. I was pleasantly surprised at how light and delicious this bread baked up even without sugar or honey.
I envy your quixotic journey–
89) I am the type of woman that would appreciate home appliances or power tools for her birthday, anniversary, etc.
They sell this Wisconsin stuff at the local grocer in Houston. Nice. This was has a STRONG berry smell, with alight body and carbo. The color was a little red, but nothing like the frambozen and whatnot. It has an overpowering rasberry and blueberry taste, and very tart. This actually made me a little sick to my stomach. Luckily they had some ice cold Heineken to get me back to center. I think it's time to say I don't eff with cherry and rasberry beers. Period.
Glen Buxton-lead guitar.
Performed by: Lana Del Rey
Our fund raising attempt for two organizations that Alton Brown supports is officially over. While we didn't rake in a big amount, the grand total was $300, it still is a great amount to the two organizations.
Don't be tempted to flip them before the cheese on the bottom has turned golden brown though . . . it will stick to the pan and that's not what you want. You want all those crunchy golden scrummy bits to be stuck to the turkey steaks!!
BLITZER: I’m Wolf Blitzer.
In a big bowl, pour litchi purée, incorporate beaten egg whites so you get an homogene mixture, then fold in the whipped cream.
Day two of the A to Z Challenge and if you don't know what that is you may need to spend more time blogging. Here's the incredibly daunting list. I'll be working my way through it, slowly, over the course of the month, but say hello down below and I'll find you sooner!
Now why am I bothered with this, well I’m hoping to earn merit by my scholarly pursuits, because I certainly didn’t earn it from good deeds this week?
Here are some pics Cyndi captured on our first full day of enjoying it all:
Punk was so aggressively back-to-basics, reacting against the wanky instrumental pyrotechnics of “dinosaur rock” that being “flash” with guitar solos was actively discouraged. (See the essential anti-solo in The Buzzcock’s “Boredom” and the self-mocking “GUITAR HERO” on Steve Jones’ amp). Punk is therefore filled with example of merely adequate solos, and songs without solos at all. Brian James of The Damned (well, their first two albums) repeatedly riffs where the solo would normally be on Damned! Damned! Damned! – here’s a good example. The Adicts, in their fun song “Chinese Takeaway” show how a basic riff can make a good song, if performed with irrepressible relish, but there’s nothing to the solo at all. Steve Jones has excellent delivery (he must have incredibly strong fingers), but solos in “God Save The Queen” and “Satellite”, for example, are nothing special in comparison to his great riffs and Rotten’s electrifying voice.
This is also a purely subjective list, based on my own preferences, and makes no claims about being the "best" of anything. But all of the items here have earned my strong recommendations and I hope you will enjoy them as well. For more food-related items, you can just search my blog posts for the past year.
We are not against Difference or the Other, as Continental philosophers and Madeline Bunting have it.
3/4 cup buttermilk*
is going to announce the winner of my giveaway:
Watching my dad drink from his cupped hands.
EAC-FLAC-LOG-CUE-COVERS 445MB
Oh dear, I'm finishing this off at almost 1:30 am on Sunday and just had to close the craft room door in case the snorts of laughter wake up Len! I have this vision of a wild haired Mrs A bouncing madly round the playground, totally out of control while you lot all scatter :) Then, one enormous 'sploosh' as contact is made with the duck pond!! Oh no, I'm off again with the giggles - do we need a notice saying 'no swimming' for the duck pond?!
It's a good trade.
Thurs
According to the notes, the apostle Thomas (who wanted to go with Jesus so that they could all die together) is the same Thomas who doubted Jesus’ resurrection later. But that story isn’t for another few chapters. The text calls him “Thomas Didymus”; according to wikipedia, Didymus means “twin” in Greek, and Thomas means “twin” in Aramaic. However, the bible doesn’t say who Thomas’ twin actually is. Wikipedia doesn’t say either. I also googled it and got nothing. So I guess no one knows. My personal theory is that his twin must have been a twin sister; because a brother would probably have rated a mention, whereas a girl would have been more likely to be ignored, especially if she wasn’t part of the movement. Or possibly his twin died at a young age or in infancy, and therefore is never named because Thomas was the only survivor. But all of this is pure speculation, and we’ll probably never know the answer.
I am now waiting for the inevitable barrage of excuses. Yes, I know you are busy. Yes, I know you have commitments. Yes, I know you might feel selfish. Yes, I know money might be tight.
trashing it; barry’s spent another 2 1/2 years fiddling while Rome burns. In desperation, the American people are open to anyone offering a solution, however drastic.
For the first challenge, the designers were ushered into the Canadian War Museum and set the task of creating a camouflage outfit to be displayed. “The idea was to create an outfit for the war museum that represented war and the goal was to create something inspired by the 1st and 2nd World War with an Asian influence ” said Adejoke Taiwo this morning.
5. Cherry Pink and Apple Blossom White
Those subject to authority should regard those in authority as representatives of God, who has made them stewards of his gifts: “Be subject for the Lord’s sake to every human institution…Live as free men, yet without using your freedom as a pretext for evil; but live as servants of God.” Their loyal collaboration includes the right, and at times the duty, to voice their just criticisms of that which seems harmful to the dignity of persons and to the good of the community.
Well, it seems that the mean streets of Boston have recently gotten a whole lot meaner…thanks to a pack of roaming Asian hypnotists.
Did a little sheep scene yesterday morn~
I enjoy shopping, when I have money to spend. I really love a bargain. But I won’t wrestle anyone for the tv/game system/Elmo. And I won’t wait in line for hours on end. It’s not worth it to me.
Without Malay support, Umno is nothing. Without Umno, MCA and MIC are doomed. Their collective effort has to be to convince the Malay, that Umno is best, even if it means cheating at the 13th general election to continue the BN dictatorship.
The bodhi is not like a tree
Apparently they are now also the go to for scaring away birds, greeting the new day and waking up neighbours.
Life choices? Dear God, they were raped for years. One girl left a letter for the staff at her children’s home saying she was being abused. It was ignored. So the poor kid wrote another. It was only when a teacher spotted that one pupil was pregnant and a suspicious number of Asian-looking men were picking her up at the school gate that the alarm was raised.
2And on the day when you go over Jordan into the land which the Lord your God is giving you, put up great stones, coating them with building-paste,
Theres not a single reason
WKGIC Blog (wkgicblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
“There is an English obsession with Germany,” he told me, “but I think it’s getting less and less. It’s more or less the media who keep it going.”
That’s why today is strange. A new student is entering our Academy. Of 115 people in my graduating class, I’ve gone to school with the same 114 for twelve years. No one new ever comes into the mix. And because this new person is male, he is the only topic of conversation for Summer on our way to school.
Price, availability and shipping terms and conditions of Issey Miyake Midsize SILAT003 Red Trapezoid: AL Collection Chronograph Watch are available on the merchant’s website, check it by click on a link above.
“That would be quite an achievement for a 42-year-old woman,” I remarked. “Could they really be so different from the many melons you’ve ogled on the internet?”
In all seriousness, a clean house and a peaceful grocery shop isn't enough to keep me home. It's the entire package. It's our quality of life. We used to spend our weekends driving from errand to errand, then rushing home to make sure the boy got a good nap. We used to have a rule that we couldn't schedule more than one thing each weekend because it just became too much. We broke that rule all the time and spent many months just plain tired. Now we get to go do things as a family. We are enjoying our life.
The title sounds a little risque but I assure you this is a family friendly post.
With the pain I’ve endured caught in the tear caught with time on my cheek
A couple of weeks ago my hair stylist Frankie showed me an article in Grazia magazine by Tom Moggach, a food writer, journalist and founder of urban gardening company City Leaf. It was an extract from his book The Urban Kitchen Gardener – Growing & Cooking in The City about growing fruit, vegetables and herbs in a city or town environment with the challenges (space mainly) and advantages that brings. Straight after my appointment I dashed up to gorgeous bookshop Daunt in Marylebone to buy a copy.
It's no different for track athletes. Improving strength; increasing the ability to carry more oxygen within the system; enhancing the senses, these things can aid both during competition AND training. The more oxygen you can carry the longer you can work out. The longer you work out you can increase your strength, endurance, and sharpen your skills. If you can get stronger you can apply more force to the track if you're sprinting or jumping, or to an implement if you are a thrower.
Doesn't that tell you something then, Pell? If you are claiming that the smoking ban reduced preterm births because it made people give up smoking, the fact that you found the same result with nonsmokers rather gives the game away, does it not? If, on the other hand, you're suggesting that reducing secondhand smoke miraculously reduces preterm births (I haven't read the study yet, but I wouldn't put it past you to indulge in such superstition), the findings for smokers strongly suggest that this is nonsense as well. Or perhaps you are going to claim that smokers somehow feel the benefit of secondhand smoke reductions as well. Nothing would surprise me at this stage.
"You just can't get any other medium to do that wonderful juicy feel that you get from watercolor," Mary said.
The screen capture below recently surfaced on an online community site with the title, ‘A letter written by Yunho’s father on Yunho’s Chinese fan site (My Yunho).’
Helen was a great protagonist. While I did find her stubborn and immature at times, I don't think those moments were really unwarranted. She has had to go over a lot over the course of this book. What I did like was that when she made a decision she stuck to it to the end. She was also PRO equality in a relationship, always good to see.
You claim that it is circular to keep switching the definition of kingdom to either the “government” or the “territory”, but IF the greater context will prove where they rule from, that being heaven, THEN it would not be circular to see the “earth” as the territory rather than the “government”. I hope that you can see the point I am making here because it could save time and space in our future exchanges.
There is so much more that could be written here. (Un)fortunately life is too short and some stuff just beggars belief. Please send me cheese. (And cardamom, cloves, cayenne pepper, and turmeric: Ange)
Bake for 40 minutes. (If using individual ramekins bake for 25 - 30 minutes)
Thirsty Bear is adjacent to techie central, a.k.a. the Moscone Convention Center, so look for programmers galore quaffing anything from the nitrogenated Meyer ESB to whatever brewmaster Brenden Dobel taps seasonally. As for the food, it’s Spanish tapas all the way. Just be careful if you tell friends to meet you at this tapas bar, since there really is a topless bar across the street!
Ginny Davis begins her seventh grade year with a list of items to accomplish. None of these items, however, include accidently turning her hair pink, or losing the lead role in the ballet recital to her ex-best friend. If anything could go wrong this school year, then it will.
Earth Hour was celebrated on March 26 between 8.30pm to 9.30pm as a symbol of energy conservation, as part of a global movement to save the planet from destruction caused by the overconsumerism of its resources. Participants observing the event, from individuals to corporations and governments, switched off non-essential lights and equipment for the hour.
Also, there is some real mystery as to how the system even works. Seems there is some secret to it all. I am shocked...not.Sily me, I thought it was just like..the book that sold the most copies. But it seems not...
Come to The Main Event and taste the excellent selection of tequila brands, styles, and expressions offered by our exhibitors in a fun yet elegant setting. Regular ticket price is $65 and includes ten (10) tasting tokens. Partial proceeds to benefit the BC Hospitality Foundation.
“Well, if the information is wrong,” says the member in the back seat, “then we can just go over to the other hospital. There’s only so many places which they could have taken her.”
12) Transgender kids get puberty-blocking drugs, sex-changing hormones; MDs say numbers are rising Switching gender roles…is common in young children. But these kids are different. They feel certain they were born with the wrong bodies.
These gangsters know all too well that a state of war exists between our class and theirs. It’s about time that we started fighting as hard for our class as they do for theirs. We have no demands to make of them. There are no reforms they can make to get rid of us. Our message to them is clear: You started this war We will finish it.
I received this card way back in one of my first blog trades almost four years ago. I believe it was from Dinged Corners. They liked to send wacky photos like this and this is a wacky one.
Too much freedom is not for you.
Direct POD is a UK book printer and binder based in Northampton. The company offers a wide range of print manufacturing services for publishers and self-publishers, including offset, digital and short run printing.
26-oz. jar spaghetti sauce
Sarah from Brilliant Event Planning mentioned that you shouldn't wait until the last minute to write and print your programs. And she's right. You probably know your bridal party members and the outline for the ceremony long before your invitations even go out. All that's left is the songs in your processional and there's no reason that the ceremony playlist has to wait until the month before the wedding to be finalized.
a trucker pulls over to chain up.
So it was we set off, Wee Fatha at the wheel, Chala in the front, me discarded in the back like a pile of coats or other underutilised ephemera, heading out through the Peak District to the magical land of the Cheshire Plain and to our first stop at Lindow Common for lunch. It had seemed recklessly optimistic to head out through the peak District on a Bank holiday weekend but despite the sunny weather it was quiet. Perhaps everyone knew something we didn't? Perhaps it would be suddenly cold and wet at dinner?
We talked the marvel o’er.
Published: January 29, 2010
Because in 2002 Ulil wrote an article titled "Menyegarkan Kembali Pemahaman Islam (Rejuvenating the Islamic Understanding)" in Kompas, a popular newspaper in Indonesia. By browsing, I also found another piece of story about Ulil published in 2003, just to answer the question of why?
Eamon said he is writing a new telephone message on character, stressing the need to speak up for what you believe, be a whistleblower and be willing to pay the price to defend your principles. Eamon says he is discouraged by the developments in his case against the Springfield firefighter who threatened to burn down his house for criticizing Albano. The hearings keep getting cancelled and the lawyer for the firefighter is Thomas Rooke, about whom Eamon said, "It is a corrupt system and Rooke knows how to work the system."
Cloud 9 Designs Patterned Paper
Gichuki continued, “In other cases uniforms were critical to keeping kids in school, so we’d buy them uniforms. Other times we cooked food because that was the problem. Or when the problem was at home, we would call the parents. Sometimes the parents would never come to school for a conference until we visited them at home.”
Thanks again for stopping by!
The palaeontology / micropalaeontology test went ok yesterday; I’m so glad I made the decision to study over the weekend even if that meant consequences for chemistry, since the larger part of the test was made up from just these topics and I wouldn’t have passed without revising. The pressing question, however, is how good I am relative to my peers: 120 people can take the zoology class, 157 put their names on the list – so I have to beat at least 37 of them.
Adapted from Die Young: Burying Your Self in Christ by Hayley and Michael Dimarco, copyright 2012 by Hungry Planet, LLC. Published by Crossway, Wheaton, Ill., www.crossway.org.
I sat on the bed ... at 6am ... next to my sleeping bug-killing husband, and considered just skipping the shower this morning. Although I am still new, and I don't want them thinking I don't shower, and I really needed a shower ... I came up with a new plan.
I'm not a trusting person. I refused to give out her location. How did I know this was actually the police? I checked it out and found it to be a legitimate call.
In France, the chocolate bûche is a classic--and usually my Maman's thing. I was always a big eater of bûche, but never tried my hand at making one until this year. And since I would rather eat something good than completely failed on Christmas day, I only did half of the work and teamed up with my Maman for the rest.
This is another personal favorite movie of mine and a film I have written about in previous articles. It is Alexander Korda’s “The Thief of Bagdad.” Indian actor, Sabu, stars as the eponymous thief, Abu, who winds up helping the disgraced King of Bagdad (John Justin) escape from jail and together they go on a great adventure to reclaim the kingdom from the evil vizier, Jaffar (Conrad Veidt). The King, Ahmad, falls in love with the Princess of Basra (June Duprez) and this slows down their adventure. Abu wants to keep moving and sail the seven seas looking for adventure, but Ahmad only wants the Princess. Jaffar also connives to get the Princess and soon Ahmad is cursed with blindness and Abu is maliciously transformed into a dog while Jaffar commits murder and kidnaps the Princess. Blue roses of forgetfulness, mechanical flying horses, magic storms, a genie (Rex Ingram), flying carpets, a mythical city guarding the All-Seeing-Eye, and a fight with a giant spider are all lobbed at the audience. If you want fantasy, you surely got it here. If you want adventure, look no further. “The Thief of Bagdad” is a fun movie with wonderful colors, groundbreaking special effects that changed filmmaking, great music, fun characters, and an entertaining story cleverly told half through flashback. Like “Sleeping Beauty,” this film throws the audience for another loop. The main love interest between Ahmad and the Princess is never as fun or as fascinating as Abu’s plot so the film makes a twist about halfway through and suddenly makes the sidekick the main character and hero (1985′s “Ladyhawke” also pulls the same trick of making the sidekick the central focus). Abu must go on more adventures and become Master of the Universe if he is to save his friends from Jaffar’s executioner. “The Thief of Bagdad” has everything someone looking for a great escape could ask for. Considering the escape from World War II people might have been seeking in 1940, this film probably came out at just the right time. Roger Ebert ranks it highly and I can’t blame him. “The Thief of Bagdad” is a perpetual pleasure and first class fantasy adventure.
This showed how far Doctor Who has come, I think. It wasn’t a monster-fest. It wasn’t a space war. It wasn’t an invasion. We didn’t even see the monster or get to hear what it was. And that was its strongest hand. Something that particularly Steven Moffatt has played on regularly is what people genuinely fear, and RTD has just pushed on into the psychological territory with this episode. People have an amazing talent by blowing fears up to huge proportions just by talking themselves into believing it… Just like this group of tourists.
In the interest of keeping things as simple as possible, husk the corn, don’t soak it, just grease it up a little and put it on the grill. Keep an eye on the cobs to ensure they don’t burn, and check that the heat is maintained around the ‘medium’ mark.
As a result I love entertaining here. The table always looks inviting when it's set for a meal.
That was how Lila, the girl he loved, became a white cat. Cassel was tricked into thinking he killed her, when actually he tried to save her. Now that she's human again, he should be overjoyed. Trouble is, Lila's been cursed to love him, a little gift from his emotion worker mom. And if Lila's love is as phony as Cassel's made-up memories, then he can't believe anything she says or does.
Mixed feelings. That’s what I’m going through right now. When you gave up a lot just for one thing. In fact, I cried. Who wouldn’t? You gave up a lot of activities that you know you’ll have fun just because you need to study the whole night. I worked hard for it. After the day we were informed about the contest, there’s a party waiting for us in the other University. My friends were going and I’m the only one who didn’t come because of it. Another thing, my mother asked me to help her to arrange the designs in her classroom, yet I can’t go, because I need to study, again. It’s quite far from our dormitory. 2 hours from here to there.
Look! They even have accesories like hats and shoes. And they're actually selling this stuff, for hefty pricetags of course. That doesn't stop me from totally considering selling my firstborn child for an antuque dress. Not even the fact that I would probably be to scared to wear the item ever can dissuade the dark recesses of my mind from turning that idea over.
I attended a wedding once where the groomsmen wore white and the bridesmaids dressed in black. Not your standard black dresses, but rather floor-length svelte dresses with long black gloves. Every detail of that wedding was breathtaking including the way that the meals were served. The waiters marched through with sparklers on trays held high in the air--evidence that this wedding was something to celebrate.
Stamps: Love & Sympathy
Meanwhile, Lee Jasper must be furious that a white right wing nut job has stolen the “black power” salute so beloved of Multi culturalists
Oh lord, I've gone on too long...so I'll leave it with "Yay Free Beer!"
I'm just asking: Is there something wrong about this picture? (Besides that it is blurry. Sorry about that.)
Ever After -- Sweet version of Cinderella -- 3 hearts
10:50-12:00: Talk to a couple of Shakespeare students about topics for the final paper, return tech equipment to office, hold office hours. One student comes to talk about final papers in more detail; otherwise, some of this is down time.
Rev. Dorothy McRae-McMahon has been a staff member of the NSW Ecumenical Council, minister of the Pitt Street Uniting Church, Sydney, and National Director for Mission of the Uniting Church. In 1997, she came out publicly as a lesbian. Since retiring she has continued to participate in the struggle of the church and community, in Australia and internationally, to build an inclusive society.
too much pressure?
Toss all ingredients into a large microwave-safe bowl. Microwave on high for 5 minutes, stopping to stir after every minute. The mixture might seem watery during the first few stirs, but should come together as a nice runny dip after all the cheese is melted.
-dandelion greens (enjoy in a salad or deep-fried, as we do at Dodge)
My ideal garden has suffered the same plight. I’ve been having a bit of a pity party for myself, mostly over this injury. I know, you’d think with all the pep talks and self-help motivational stuff I listen to and repeat back to you I wouldn’t be such a pill.
About Harley-Davidson Motor Company: Harley-Davidson Motor Company produces heavyweight custom, cruiser and touring motorcycles and offers a complete line of Harley-Davidson motorcycle parts, accessories, riding gear and apparel, and general merchandise. For more information, visit Harley-Davidson’s website at www.harley-davidson.com.
Some one and I cant recall who had bought it on a blog I follow and then some one else so I just had to get it. I must say that the book depository had it here within about 10 days of me ordering it.
Dec. 31: HAPPY BLUE MOON NEW YEAR (New Year's Eve and a blue moon on the same day, featuring vintage postcards with snowmen from around the world)
PART 1.2
2. It's not comfortable.
ƒ compass
This was for our other friend who started her own garden last Spring. This is my favorite cake I have made. My friend Jessica and I worked on this together and I think it is just so cute! For one, I love tiny things, and tiny food, just makes me want to squeal! ;) I can't get enough of cakes that look like something else!!
According to Liberty Counsel, which is representing the school district, “The Virginia Standards of Learning requires students to know about the foundational principles of civilizations, including the Hebrews, and the foundations of law and government. Secular textbooks published by Prentice Hall and McGraw-Hill trace the roots of democracy and law and specifically refer to the Ten Commandments and many of the documents posted as part of the Foundations Display.”
We may not be sure if garlic actually repels vampires, but we can be certain it repels toxins from the body.
None of us are getting much sleep lately.
My biggest fear about bringing our baby home, is not lack of sleep, but the way our dog will react. Abby is our furry baby and will turn one year old in early April. She pretty much has both of us wrapped around her paw and knows it.
close relationship with the friends and family in my life. I love my
Poor Toby is going through a major separation anxiety phase right now (well, he kind of always is). So, on Easter Sunday, when Alex took Toby outside the church to start hunting for Easter eggs (while I stayed for the end of the service), Toby was not pleased. Alex snapped these sweet shots--oh, what a face! Those eyebrows kill me!!!
(Sheesh! I think I've been thinking too much...its time for bed!)
Any in depth tips you'd add? How did you know you were ready?
It is a great worry and I have been very sad to see so many great music blogs taken down. Although the fight will continue and there will always be some freedom on the internet, I do feel like we will look at the last 15 years as a golden age of freedom of speech and distribution.
So. There you have it! I haven't just been holed up in my little loft, gouging my eyes out with Milton and Descartes and more misogynistic literature than you can shake a tomato stake at! I've been out, gotten some fresh air, and refurbished some furniture! Now if I could just figure out how to convince my landlord to let me paint those gosh-awful brick red walls...
I have to win two games,
The scorned specialist straps the ex down, turns on the gas, busts out her pliers and starts yanking away!
Now that you're armed with some great options for improving your business in the next year- I hope you'll let us know what you've found useful and if there are any resources we should add to our list! Check out the ones we've already listed in the past as well:
Under the balanced literacy approach, which was used by seven of the comparison schools and remains the most popular method of teaching reading in the city’s schools, children are encouraged to develop a love of reading by choosing books that are of interest to them. Teachers spend less time directing instruction, and more time overseeing students as they work together.
I stopped in to Bed, Bath, & Beyond to get a few things we needed.
Abraham Morewski The Dybbuk
flowers WOC
I found his squeaky duck toy found behind a sofa Have I mentioned yet how each of his toys had a name? He would be able to identify and bring ducky, chicken, ball, kong, football..They are all gone. They are all in the bin. Along with-
Small could little more
However you can see the rainbow hat, which I had to pluck a bunch of flowers and line them in rows and then sew them on. She looked really cute.
- 1 Nutter Butter granola bar
And I seem to do so much better when I have some way of channeling some of my creativity, which I experience almost like a physical urge. Which is why I took so well to blogging. When I blog, my head stops whirling around and I can actually concentrate.
Bella Cupcake Couture
Q: You've got so much cool stuff going on. What are the next big things coming down the line for you? Any fiction? Were you serious about that cookbook you mentioned on facebook? (I really hope so!)
director of record for the new Girl Crazy, while the deposed Berkeley would
Which one would you buy? The bamboo one just needs a small cream back pillow. We are saving for the womb chair and I really love the lines on the wheat triton too. The piper is amazing but out of our price range. Maybe some day!
I. Want. That.
Also you may notice that I’m directing my complaint squarely at mainstream media. I assume that any niche publication/community that focuses on LGBT fiction has had the same phenomenon as slash fiction: they got bored telling the same bigotry-laden story all the time so they started to branch out. And that’s brilliant because of all of the reasons that I’ve discussed above. But it doesn’t help with the whole normalcy issue simply because people don’t seek out LGBT-focussed publication unless they’re already interested in the subject. But, most people aren’t. Most people read mainly mainstream fiction (hence the name. And despite what hipsters tell you, mainstream is not a synonym for terrible) and most won’t come into contact with anything other than the same, tired story because that’s the only story that mainstream fiction seems to be able to tell.
So this is how it goes: I get inspired and show the boys that their LEGO guys with heads still attached go here, and without heads go over there. Movies with horses go in this box, and movies with aliens go in that one. They nod, knowing it will only be a week until I return to being satisfied with just keeping everyone in clean socks and underwear, until the next time I read an article and try to find a new system for storing paper clips in a beautiful way.
The high-tech timepiece reminiscent of one worn by classic comic strip detective Dick Tracy was priced at $150, available online and at Sony stores.
