Last year we had a trial here regarding an armed robbery that occurred. Three or four guys took a young couple from a parking garage near a college out by some railroad tracks where they raped, shot, and beat them. Their lives will never be the same.
Five outta six ain’t bad. I found an ad on Craigslist for cheap Nigerian dwarf goats in Dixon, about 30 miles from my place. Over the phone, the owners told me they had a four-year-old, pregnant, cheap doe. She had a kid last year and isn’t milking now, but they’re not sure if she’s ever been milked. Good enough for me.
Time taken: 8 hours
How is the membership of “the people’s house” chosen? How are the people’s representatives identified?
Gently ease the skin away from the breasts and thighs of the guinea fowl, inserting your fingers between skin and flesh at the end of the bird to make a pocket between the two. Push the soft herbs under the skin as well as small tender sprigs of thyme. Pare off thin strips of lemon zest and put them into the bird's cavity, together with any extra herbs. Squeeze the lemon juice and rub it over the outside then lightly season the whole both inside and out.
With a few prayers, I mean a lot of prayers, asking for direction, strength and courage, we all decided that it wasn't fair to the other kids. We had already told the church friends the party was off, but we could still enjoy the time together as a family. The 4 year old didn't really understand and kept asking when the birthday boy was going to get here. "I came from Colorado for his birthday party!", "I know", "When will he get here", Remember, we told you there was a problem and he won't make it", "So we won't have cake?" That did it! We were just going to have to celebrate in his honor! We didn't sing Happy Birthday, there was no opening of presents, but they played with all the water fight supplies, we BBQ'ed some ribs, swam, slid, splashed, and made the best of a bad situation.
My phone beeps. I had thought of making some last minute calls, but I decided against it. A sensitive yet sufficiently mystical Facebook post should suffice, something that hides my intentions but will bristle with meaning in hindsight, when everyone knows. I hope there’s an afterlife. I feel sorry to think that I will miss my wall becoming somewhat of a tribute page.
And if you're in Regensburg, Germany, you might try to sneak a peek at one of the 500 new fairytales discovered there. The stories were "locked away in an archive" for over 150 years and are "part of a collection of myths, legends and fairytales, gathered by the local historian Franz Xaver von Schönwerth (1810–1886) in the Bavarian region of Oberpfalz at about the same time as the Grimm brothers were collecting the fairytales that have since charmed adults and children around the world."
On Monday we showed up and they announced a new CEO.
A lower-density plan including the arena, known as the Pacific Plan “would have substantially fewer benefits in terms of affordable housing, and publicly accessible open space, and would not provide a drill track for the LIRR rail yard improvement.”
“Who is ‘Eye’?” shouted Arik gruffly in return.
Step 1.
B: When I started out I was over idealistic about it. I didn’t work through booking agents and managers you know? I went directly to artists and it turned out I could only really book friends, I guess. A lot of artist are willing to take that risk. And I was on to something with that on some level but as the festival grew I had to book artist I didn’t know and then I can have those relations ships. But the festival is this organic, home grown, intimate event and then the reputation is that a place where you come and take risk and hang out and feel the pressure. Big festivals can be a lot of pressure because you’re playing in front of a large crowd and the media is there. People always ask me if we will move it to a bigger city and I say no because it definitely wouldn’t function in the same way. And I’ve been burned by that, by occasionally having an artist who doesn’t get it. There on tour and their tired and that’s unfortuante/ But in seven years that’s happened to me once or maybe twice.
The trial had been told as many as 47 vulnerable girls were given alcohol, gifts and money before being passed around to have sex with ‘several men a day, several times a week’.
class for those three years.
Please, bear with me. This is an unusual time in my life.
By the way, some people like to use Google Docs spreadsheets as a way to track what they will discuss on what day. *ahem* It’s a useful tool but don’t be married to it. If you find something that is outside of the “blogging calendar” then by all means blog away about it.
The Sydney Peace Prize was established by the Sydney Peace Foundation in 1998. Each year a prize is awarded to an organisation or individual who has made significant contributions to global peace. Previous winners include Patrick Dodson, Archbishop Desmond Tutu, Mary Robinson, Arundhati Roy, Hans Blix and more.
Slowly melt the butter and chopped chocolate together in a bain marie or in a heatproof bowl over gently simmering water, stirring to keep it from burning. Remove from the heat when the chocolate is almost but not quite completely melted; continue stirring until completely melted and smooth. Set aside to cool.
Hey there! in 21 hrs I will be aboard a plane heading to Arizona... I just can't believe it! I feel SO incredibly blessed!!! And in panic mode! I have SOOOO much yet to do!! LOL! But that's me... procrastinate! :)
My Mom graciously accepted the inhumane task of watching the younger monsters and 6am Saturday morning, we took ANOTHER road trip. This time down to Sandusky, Ohio.
I suspect that some of it has to do with the fact that as much as I hate being spanked, I love how I feel after. I love that the fight is gone, the connection between us, the complete lack of stress and angst in my soul. For a little while, everything is right with the world. Still, that fight has to find its way out of my psyche.
What you see above is the Rancilio Silvia home espresso maker. My first home espresso maker since the Krups Espresso Mini I bought in 1990! I also got a Rancilio Rocky doserless grinder.
*2006, may the spirit of these Levi's live within all of us. My Dear Sweet Kim has joined the battle of a lifetime, one against cancer. May she be as strong, as durable, as consistant & resistant, as the fibers of those famous hand-me-down Levi's. White, worn & tattered...none of that matters.
Have you ever wondered who was behind developing your company’s compensation plan? I’d venture to say that you probably have not. You just saw the MONEY that could be made and you were hooked like most people. I know that’s how I looked at past companies. Do you think your company founders came up with the comp plan structure? What about the top reps in the company? Do you think they had a say on what the structure should look like? If you answered yes…….survey says, “BUZZZZZ!” The vast majority of network marketing companies use an outside source to develop their compensation plans, the back-office, the shopping cart integration, replicated websites, etc.
By the painter and poet once known as Captain Beefheart,
Julie Bass says, “We thought we’re minding our own business, doing something not ostentatious and certainly not obnoxious or nothing that is a blight on the neighborhood, so we didn’t think people would care very much.”
Just like Henry Mancini, Michel Legrand, Sergio Mendez, Burt Bacarach was one of my first music teachers. Listening to his songs reminded me of my childhood, of the National Panasonic television which is now a cabinet for my mom's old pocketbooks, which my kids' usually sell if they are running short of money, of how a song can be repeatedly listened and why one cannot get enough of it. Sadly it also conveys that most songs nowadays may not equal the timeless quality of the songs then. And I hope, just like fashion , these songs will again be in fad, because they deserve not just to be listened but to be passed on to the next generations.
Madness, of course, but the following story is even worse. A teacher with 30 years’ experience was sacked for gross misconduct after a rowdy pupil claimed he grabbed his arm and left four small scratch marks. Mr Ronnie Lane, 56, admitted confronting the unruly 15-year-old boy who had special educational needs, after he had repeatedly wandered around the classroom ‘scrunching up’ other boys’ GCSE art coursework.
Dear Supporters of United Classrooms,
Draw a face (from life or from photo) using your non-dominant hand. Do not cheat! This is great brain-gym and forces you to let go of preconceptions and fears. Relax and have fun!
Gosh,that was poetic.
Track-List:
Barely out of school and doing her bit for the British war effort, Marian Sutro has one quality that makes her stand out—she is a native French speaker. It is this that attracts the attention of the SOE, the Special Operations Executive, which trains agents to operate in occupied Europe. Drawn into this strange, secret world at the age of nineteen, she finds herself undergoing commando training, attending a “school for spies,” and ultimately, one autumn night, parachuting into France from an RAF bomber to join the WORDSMITH resistance network.
What I’m interested in is the overlap between genres. So, I’m looking for authors that successfully cross from one genre to the next, and books that win awards in multiple genres. I’m also interested in making a book that can be used as a starting point for children and parents that are moving from children’s literature to more advanced stuff, but want to stay ‘nerdy’. I’m not a librarian, though.
I made several Limited Edition Handmade Lotion Soaps to help raise money for Project Open Hand, which is an organization that provides meals to those in medical need who are undergoing treatment for cancer or other serious illnesses. When I was going through chemotherapy I was referred to Project Open Hand by my Oncology Social Worker and I can’t tell you what a difference it made. Not only was I going through chemo but I had a new baby and knowing that I had a hot meal when I was home alone with my daughter gave me piece of mind that it was one less thing I had to worry about, and I knew that the meal was made with my nutritional needs in mind.
Do I have a choice? She makes her stop and comes back.
In the kitchen she is industrious. She is either climbing the pantry to pretend to put away her things, or pulling cooking utensils out of my cabinets. She uses my rice cooker as a toy to cook up something delicious for me to eat. She likes the button that makes the top pop up. Recently she began helping us unload the dishwasher. She’s a serious little helper, and it makes her so puffed up when we thank her for her good help. She really is learning where everything goes. She’s paying attention to the details in our lives.
Pinsky said that the bond buyers and rating agencies and associated law firms had vouched for the numbers.
E3: What accessory do you think will be big for fall?
When you my son and my comrade dropt at my side that day,
“I’m Going Down”
After all, ‘corporations are people too my friend’ and they have paid a high price for their Representatives, Senators and President. Now they want the return.
I once heard someone describe the taking cannabis as having all the joys of smoking like cancer with the “added bonus of mental illness”. And this was by a psychiatrist. In my career, I’ve met a lot of people who use cannabis; some of them to quite a startling degree. Throughout that time it has been “received wisdom” amongst many officers with whom I have worked that prolonged use of cannabis over many years can lead to mental health problems. But when it was declassified in 2004, this link was denied or deemed to be of little significance. This potential link was more acknowledged in 2009 when cannabis was reclassified although as stated, this was opposed by the Advisory Council. The dispute lead to the sacking of Professor NUTT and subsequent resignations by other members, in protest at the dismissal.
Newt Gingrich: “Remember, I was supposed to be dead in June and July. I am not going to go around declaring anybody else dead. I think any candidate has the right to try to recover. They have the right to try to get back in the game.”
As far as it goes, the arrangement is interesting. The Adagio of the Seventh Symphony is among Bruckner’s greatest achievements, but it is orchestral music that demands a very particular and special sonority, even a very particular acoustic. And the sound of the piano is not that of the orchestra, nor does Bruckner’s orchestral music interchange with his orchestral music after the manner of Ravel. True, the Hynais version takes no liberties in the way that the Schalk four-hand version of the same music does; but it is not piano music by Bruckner and the disc details lead the unwary into thinking that it is.
PS: I also heard that some Greeks were shocked and felt betrayed that the EU didn't act fast enough to approve the enormous bailout package to assist them. Well, since the bailout is being financed by other European economies which have barely pulled out and are still on the road to economic recovery, why should they have to help the Greeks so fast? And I think they're especially kind to help the Greeks especially with all the Greek protests/rallies/strikes going on showing their unwillingness to change their ways...(i know they have to help the Greeks given the need to sustain the Euro. Actually, this entire Greek crisis has shown the weaknesses of a common currency, the Euro.)
Week 2: DIY Gifts
Last week, I was talking to someone about the Isle of Man and the subject of political corruption came up.
I was scared about the first day but I am going to be honest it's been super easy. I wasn't expecting this at all.
Why did I keep watching? Well, for starters, ALICE really is a beautiful movie to watch. Despite getting yet another run down fantasy world, Burton offers up a wide palette of bright, vibrant colors, which combined with visually striking fantasy creatures (some CGI, some CGI/live combos). The visuals are so good that you’ll almost forget that Burton used to be strange for a reason and not just because he can, and honestly, this is his best use of the weird since Big Fish.
If you are my mortal enemy, why have I been craving you since Thanksgiving?
About 30 minutes after drinking that stuff, Cameron went NUTS! She was all over the place! I laughed to myself and savored every minute of it. I was trying to read a book on my Nook, but she kept my attention for the most part.
Luckily though, Sigma DG products come with a 3 year warranty. No problem, send back to Sigma with the proof of purchase and they’ll re-chip it. Problem. No proof of purchase. I had bought it nearly 3 years ago and had no idea where the receipt would be. I phoned Jessops as I had bought the lens along with my D90 there and they couldn’t help. I emailed Jessops customer service and they did manage to locate a duplicate copy for me but when it arrived the date on the receipt was the day they had ran off the copy, not the original date of purchase.
Hi, another Friday night - best night of the week! I haven't posted much over the last couple of weeks, or visited the blogs as I'd like, so I do apologise. We're house hunting at the moment and it is taking up soooo much time. I hope we find something soon.
Maybe if I started scoring beers, I'd be able to formulate a list eventually. But to do this would be to sacrifice the multi-dimensional map that each beer creates in my head with its aroma, flavour and aftertaste. There's no real way of recording those sensations, other than with recourse to detailed and florid prose, or an elaborate contemporary dance. I would find that the dance routines elicited by Hook Norton's Old Hooky and Sierra Nevada's Ruthless Rye IPA are pretty similar, but one would be a more energetic version of the other. Both of these beers are about balance, and each mouthful conjures a little vignette about the balance between malt and hops with each mouthful, albeit in different accents. But do I prefer one over the other? No. And do I like them more or less than the singular hop character of Mikkeller's Single Hop Simcoe IPA? I'm not entirely sure, now I think about it.
in the night,
You stay inside da sky.
Great field in Charlotte, NC, this week at the Wells Fargo event. Tiger Woods, Phil Mickelson, Rory McIlroy and Keegan Bradley are just the top names in a field full of them. With the Players Championship on deck, they all want to have their game in shape…
Thanks for the reviews, guys!
And the he saw a blur!
Today I'm going on my first bus ride as a non-driver.
I'm not concerned about starting projects and not finishing them anymore, because like I told Diane...I'm not going to start projects that I don't really want to do! And if I decide not to finish something....OH WELL! Whatever! Next! :)
Will anyone like me?
Nothing is more difficult, and therefore more precious, than to be able to decide. ~Napoleon Bonaparte
They would steal an election without batting an eyelid; they would do far worse without batting much more.
G picked me up at my place, on time, and drove me to a restaurant where he liked to have breakfast. I had never been there before. I liked the place, though what I ordered was not the best for a person trying to lose weight. Even after having breakfast, we were still a bit early, as I had been told that the general admission people would not be allowed in til 11:00, and they wouldn't even be sold tickets til 10:15. So we had time for G to run an errand, and we still arrived around 10:30. Not in any hurry, we spoke to a few people in the parking lot, and then a friend came to tell us that they were letting people in a bit early. So I told G that I would see him later, and I went off with my friend. By the time we found where to buy a ticket, there was no line at all.
Well, there's no doubt in my mind that Kindles are brilliant for travelling! I'm still frustrated by the inability to skip back and forth in a novel, but my partner tells me he has no such trouble: I just need to learn some techniques. And, contrary to my earlier prejudice, I've found the highlighting feature to be superior to the practice of underlining in a print book: it didn't take me long to be able to do it swiftly, and then rather than having to search back through a whole book for my underlinings (or note them down as I go), I can now simply press a button and call them all up, and press again to see each one in its whole context. And as for the dictionary: no more putting the book aside to check up on the meaning of a word; just press a button and it's there right away at the bottom or top of the screen. I was in Germany and stupidly hadn't taken a German phrase book or dictionary: no problem; I could get one straight down on my Kindle for very little expense, and nothing further to carry around with me! (I did find it fiddly to use at first, but quickly got used to it.)
This was literally the first fans would hear from Conan since the gag order.
Institute Of Formal Research (feat. Zoot Horn Rollo): The Navigator
I was really glad to take some time last week to make a few cards and free my mind to think creatively, after so many days of analytical thinking. To touch paper, fibres, fabric, and letters instead of the keyboard. To let my mind go abstract places instead of prescribed pathways.
Vegetable oil for deep frying
Dumpling Head-Floaters.
2) Uncertainty/Variety
not to bear sin, but to bring salvation
But there was something strange about it all, this internal belief that we were completely normal and yet, externally, we were regarded with incredible worldly knowledge and cultural intelligence, a feature of ourselves that we had always believed was a natural state of individual understanding. And when we realized in our early-maturity that what we had experienced wasn’t the natural state of affairs, we began searching for an answer as to why. In doing so, we were united with a world of TCKs that were scattered all over the planet who were so incredibly different to ourselves, who had experienced such vastly different things, but who truly understood exactly who we were and how we felt.
Content warning is mainly scenes of violence and destruction
If you ever need a reminder that God is in control of the happenings of earth, as a master chess player is in control of the board, you only need to look at this passage. Continuing the analogy, I remember a time when I had the opportunity to play a real genius in chess, along with about ten or fifteen other people. He would simply go around the tables and make his move, then go to the next board and move his piece. I thought since he was so distracted with the others, surely I could catch some mistake and beat him. I was very wrong, and ended up losing very quickly. He was in control the entire time. Despite every counter attack I attempted, he utterly won.
Keep ‘em coming! Testimonies are a powerful witness to the Gospel of Christ! Thank you!
Starhawk is a game exclusively for your PS3 platform which has been developed under the supervision of LightBox. Starhawk tips and tricks is a third-person shooter game equipped with real-time elements building strategies that let you change the battlefield any way you like. Starhawk is a game that is set in future, the time when people start to inhabit other planets. The story revolves around one such planet called the Frontier, colonized by deviant human races. This planet has a source of power like no other called the Rift energy. Rift energy is the root of all struggles on this planet. A huge war known as the Rush tore the inhabitants of Frontier into 2 groups.The hero of this game is a miner of rift energy. For a change, the protagonist of Starhawk is not a stereotypical invincible hero. Emmett Graves is a victim himself, partially infected by the rift energy while repelling an attack by the Outcasts. The attack by Outcasts started a huge explosion that almost killed Emmett’s brother Logan and caused permanent but partial mutation to Emmett himself. Sydney Cutter, the techie guy on Emmett’s mine, helps to fix some of the problems caused by the mutating effect of the rift energy on Emmett. Still, the after-effects are quite apparent and repulsive for rest of the Rifters to accept Emmett as one of their own. Sydney surgically embeds a regulator in Emmett’s spine to suppress the effects of the rift energy infection.In pain and isolation, Emmett decides to stop his mining business and start his own path.
1 distinguishing
We slept that night at the flat of my cousin Jenny Growdon, and talked to John Aitchison, who was till banned, and had been very active in campaigning against the blackspot removals until he was banned in 1965 (John and Jenny were married a few months later). We talked about the possibility of starting a Christian kibbutz or commune. The next morning we tried to see several people in Pietermaritzburg, including Peter Brown, the banned former chairman of the Liberal Party, but all were out. We went to Edendale to see the Anglican priest there, Fr Richard Masemola.
Please note that it is critical to maintain a receipt of purchase. Most manufacturers and/or service providers will not honour a warranty without the actual proof of purchase.
Well my answer really is, "What else can I do? Do I just lie down and wait to die? It might take a long time and it would be a bit of a waste of time, don't you think?"
David Fritz
It would seem to be a case of – ok if you dont like my white paper and are serious about sacking 70% of the civil service, even if in one dept as a ‘pilot’ im off. Or even him taking the bullet for Bob ‘bungalow/two jobs’ Kerslake – as getting rid of the Head of the Civil Service would be such an epochal event it would shake the whole of government.
9. Before serving, let come to room temperature (about 30 minutes) so it is the ideal spreading consistency.
In the end of the day, I go home and just…hope. It’s almost a constant weight on my shoulders, am I making a difference? Is what I’m saying getting through? Am I saying it in the right way or am I the right person to be his/her case worker? The list goes on and on but you get the point. And after just writing this out, I think I see my biggest problem and best asset that helps be do my job, I care.
The abuse, which took place in bushes, cars and houses was filmed for ther men to share.
General Najiya: Enough, you two. I cannot believe that I have been listening to women quarreling. Such a waste of my time!
The field was pretty small; maybe 300+ people were taking on the tough 17K. We started uphill for about a quarter mile then ran down the steepest hill ever! I have concluded that I am terrible at running down hill because I went from like 10th to 20th on the downhill. I usually have my “low point of the race” towards the end but the mile climb up the mountain at mile 3-4 killed me. My patellar tendon in my left leg locked up and I was forced to walk about a quarter mile. Luckily after a quick stretch and a “call of nature” I was well on my way.
One day the princess sleeps late, and upon waking announces that she has lost half an hour. Bobo gladly volunteers to find it.
This year I felt more comfortable and went with a memory theme (food memories). The comments I received from old and new followers were encouraging and fun. Probably the most exciting thing was being mentioned in one of Arlee's posts, I was so incredibly honored that he recommended me. I did try to visit more blogs this year than last and enjoyed meeting new writers.
Notice that the digital pins ten to thirteen (the SPI) are highlighted on the shield – they are used exclusively by the ethernet shield, so you cannot (for now) use them for other i/o operations. Plus all of that lovely space for circuitry…
Like Elizabeth I before her and Victoria after, Catherine’s long and stable reign is a historical anamoly. A woman managing to gain, hold and exercise power and literally rule men is so incredibly unlikely that when it happens it becomes mythic. And unlike English queens, it appears Russian empresses were acknowledged to have sex lives, even outside of marriage. Empress Elizabeth and Catherine both had a series of “favorites” with all-hours access to their private chambers. Catherine eventually installed one as King of Poland (under heavy Russian control). The most famous, Gregory Potemkin, was rumored to be her husband though they never could have acknowledged it and their partnership evolved from romance to administration. Massie matter-of-factly recounts Catherine’s lovers (a total of 12) but never brings up the notorious rumors about sexual relations with a horse. Untrue rumors, I should add. Even Snopes says so.
I'm signing off until Monday, let the cooking begin! I adore cooking, and couldn't be happier about a holiday based around the idea of cooking and eating. Happy Thanksgiving everyone! Enjoy your friends and family.
“I agree. I think I might end up moving there. I look at pictures and I swear it’s like I’ve been there before.”
they were dancing and singing.
It is with great pleasure that I announce that, after a 6 month hiatus from pipettes and buffers, I have resumed experimental activities today. I could have never guessed how happy I would be about this development.
Nim’s hair was wild, her eyes were bright, and around her neck she wore three cords. One was for a spyglass, one for a whirly, whistling shell and the other a fat red pocket knife in a sheath.
JANUARY: Stubborn and hard-hearted. Ambitious and serious. Loves to teach and be taught. Always looking at people’s flaws and weaknesses. Likes to criticize. Hardworking and productive. Smart, neat and organized. Sensitive and has deep thoughts. Knows how to make others happy. Quiet unless excited or tensed. Rather reserved. Highly attentive. Resistant to illnesses but prone to colds. Romantic but has difficulties expressing love. Loves children. Loyal. Has great social abilities yet easily jealous. Very stubborn and money cautious.
#34. yellow submarine pajama pants
Following a car accident during his honeymoon his race car driving character is left not only physically but also mentally scarred and living in fear of wanting to murder his wife. He is compulsive, insulting, constantly flies off the handle and looks a lot like Errol Flynn.
Here’s a handy guide to the schedule of events for the Amgen Tour of California Stage 2 Finish in Santa Cruz County on Monday, May 14. Scroll down for story, URL for the Guide to download, race schedule and where to make a financial contribution to the race. This was published by Good Times Weekly.
Round red hat: The round red hat looks funny, so I like wearing it. It has a lovely tassle on the top for swinging the hat around your head. The round red hat with tassle can be thrown at cars, donkeys or clouds. Hat!
The FBI's actions are in line with a statement last week by the Obama administration's new civil rights chief, Assistant Attorney General Thomas Perez who recently declared that he was “shocked” to learn how few hate-crime prosecutions there were during the Bush presidency and has vowed to pursue many more of such prosecutions in future. We all know exactly which groups this racially motivated little bigot will target, and to which groups he will grant a free pass, or indeed in some cases, such as the Jena 6, who kicked a white boy unconscious, reduce the original charges to a misdemeanor warranting no more than slap on the wrist.
So, as the animals are asking in this cartoon, showing the new comradeship between the endangered species of Borneo and Tasmania, both threatened by Taib, what is going on?
We are still in negotiations regarding the gender. We talked to the doctor about it, and they marked SURPRISE on our charts. So, they won't tell us unless we ask at our next appointment.
Stars and strips below is really beautiful and the blue star with red stars surrounding is gorgeous. I want the blue star for the back corner, will have to do some piecing here. Kacy, are you seeing this one???
** Morgan Rhodes is the pseudonym for Michelle Rowen and believe it or not I have never read a YA book by her. I read somewhere about Falling Kingdoms touted as the teen version of Game of Thrones which instantly got my attention since I'm a big GOT fan. That and because I've been on a fantasy kick lately makes me want this book even more.
Johnson was born October 7, 1813, in Melrose Scotland. His family immigrated to the United States aboard the Prompt in 1818 and settled in Pittsburgh, PA, then moved to Gallipolis, Ohio, after the death of his father in 1826. One of nine children, James served in the military in the Mexican war, became interested in Mexican culture and sailed to California aboard the Oregon in 1849. He may have worked in the mines, but he was most successful as a partner in the fashionable El Dorado Saloon in San Francisco and as a real estate investor.
For that matter, the vast majority of those who insist they’re part of the 99% these days benefit hugely from the systematic imbalances that give the 5% of humanity that live in the United States around a quarter of the world’s energy resources and around a third of its raw materials and industrial output. If Americans suddenly had to live on their fair share of the world’s resources and economic output, as I’ve pointed out more than once in the past, we’d have to take the equivalent of an 80% pay cut. This implies that, if you’re near the average, only around twenty per cent of your lifestyle is paid for by your own labor. The rest? Most Americans don’t want to know, and will insist at the top of their lungs that wealth can pop into being out of thin air or, well, almost any other absurdity you care to imagine; it beats thinking about just who is paying the costs of their comfortable lives.
As far as a logo design…do you all think I should have a logo with a drawing of a little girl in it? Should I just keep it simple with some pretty writing and a little design….or maybe add a sewing machine or some scissors so everyone knows this is a quilting blog?
W. Todd Penberthy, Ph.D. (USA)
Stamping smiles 4 kids, Karen
Another week and I'm living my life somewhere in between worlds, just like mother. Yesterday's dinner and the old friends we met reminded me of how she's not always been this way. Her past was so much simpler and more modest, the people she knew less polished and posh, and I still wonder what happened to change all that.
"It's always tempting to lift the company offshore," he said.
The worst part about falling off the wagon with this blog is that it is so hard to get back into keeping it going... So many amazing and, let's face it, a few irritating things have happened since I last posted that I honestly don't even know where to start now. Grr. After so many technology problems, I finally borrowed a computer from the school which I will have to return very shortly. While I do have internet access, however, I would like to keep this blog going and hopefully I can motivate myself to make it a priority.
Talking about nice dude's Chef Sawyer was an amazing guy too. I was able to stop and talk to him very shortly as he had a kitchen to run, but I did make sure to comment on his beef tartar. He also was explaining sustainability, and things like that. I am not much of a tree hugger, but I definitely respect a guy who has convictions like that. I think we all need something to believe in. I was inspired by him and his wife. If I could have a FRACTION of the success they have worked for, I would be a happy guy.
My inner bibliophile had occasion to feel guilty again a year or so ago when I bought a Kindle, which comes with its own dictionary. I have a decent vocabulary and so can typically pick up from context more or less what a word means even if I don’t know its precise definition. When reading paper books, I all-too-often just gloss over words I’m less than familiar with, but with the Kindle, it’s easy to look up words quickly (in an ideal world, there’d maybe be a Wordnik plugin for the Kindle that would let me add a word to my list online), and so I find that while the Kindle in some ways makes me a lazier reader, it has helped me do a better job of looking up words I don’t know.
Related Resources:
Hubby: Um, on second thought, I'm not sure there's enough room for both of us in Happy Land. Someone needs to stay home, and by "home" I mean "In touch with reality".
Oh, and speaking of Hugh...
My translater, Giorgio, contacted me to arrange an interview for his Italian website, but his questions were cool and different from what I'm normally asked, I'm uploading the interview (in English), here.
2. If you join TweetChat, you can spend the hour in a TweetChat room where you will only be able to see the tweets from people at the party and no other tweets from those people you follow. Signing up is quick and easy and I highly recommend this approach, even if you already use TweetDeck or HootSuite. You can try it out now.
Dad answers, but I've forgotten what the word was. Apparently it was hilarious though as the boys all started parroting "butt" in Polish.
In DUMBO, in The Archway under the Manhattan Bridge, Nick Franglen (of Lemon Jelly) played a 24-hour piece on a Theremin. The PitchBlak Brass Band played jazz on Water Street.
“Perhaps it would be better to set traps,” Xu Guan muttered to himself.
The Ghost Goes to the Supermarket
Love thy neighbor as yourself. (Matt 22:39) What is love?
"And that is the whole story," remarked Price as he returned, glass suitaby recharged.
It becomes obligatory for anyone and everyone to be social after a certain stage because its healthy and moreover, very necessary for one’s success in life.
Most importantly you need to have the rail passes stamped first thing if you want unlimited travel on the first day of travel. In most, if not all, airports, there is a railway counter you can go to. Remember, you need to purchase this rail pass in your country before arriving at any European city.
THIRD MINI CHALLENGE:
I have been admiring these bird wings ever since I saw them on Pinterest so thought it was about time I gave it a go and made some for Sam. They turned out really well and I keep meaning to make some bigger ones for Izzy too. They were actually quite easy and didn't take too much time surprisingly.
This edition features many vinyl treasures that I picked up at local record stores over the last couple weeks. Artists that were featured on this podcast include Grass Widow, Neil Young, Ornette Coleman, Rev Louis Overstreet and Thee Oh Sees. It features an upbeat mixture of psychedelia, gospel blues, jazz, afro-groove and spanish flamenco.
There was a break and we went back out to do smooth and that’s when it happened. I had a fairly good Waltz, a very good Tango, a redemption Foxtrot and then the floor cleared. No one else was going to compete Viennese. And that’s when the story of the American Smooth Viennese Waltz happened. In all my attempts at this quick paced dance, I had been out of control and in the wrong position for Tina to get around me. I looked at Tina and out loud said, “This is it. This, what is happening now, is my worst nightmare.”. I can’t remember if Tina responded or not but the music started.
Ecco il mio biglietto da visita.
An effective leader is always equipping and releasing PEOPLE. Someone who generates results time and again while only using $$ and themselves to accomplish the task is called a “manager.”
Mere Hefe-Weizen they’re not, but this disclosure of relative wheatiness still will come as a profound shock to numerous of my compatriots, who’ve been compelled for many years to listen to my choleric denunciations of the genre. It isn’t so much that I have a personal aversion to the style, which suits me in seasonal and situational senses, as when I’m actually in Bavaria, rehydrating after a recreational bicycle ride.
Back to my story. My husband and I were discussing how usually at this time of year I’m waiting for chicks to hatch, and that the delay may be due to our extended cold, wet, rainy winter weather. We had only around 3 nice days the entire month of April, not much incentive for a mom to bring vulnerable young into the world.
As Christians we are admonished to bear up under the circumstances claiming the power of the Lord. In Ephesians we are told to be “strong in the Lord, and in the power of his might. Then again in Romans 8:37 it says, “We are more than conquerors through him that loved us.”
Then there is a second controversy; and that is the question of the Australian Opera. Here, the council’s policy is that the Australian Opera should be maintained as a national organisation fulltime. However, the Australian Opera had asked for an extra million dollars in subsidy, and the council simply couldn’t find an extra million dollars.
A few other things also occurred to me during this experience with hunger, one being that too often we don’t actually wait to be hungry to eat. Because food is so readily available to us, we often snack or eat a meal at the first sign of hunger (which, I think, we actually might sometimes mistake for the simple feeling of not being full), and at least for me anyway, this causes me to not enjoy food very much. Of course it’s never good to wait until you’re famished before you eat, since then you tend to overindulge, but I do think it’s healthy to wait until you’re good and hungry before you eat. I think this might help me stay motivated to cook real, balanced meals, and get excited about food like I was during the hungry weeks.
15 Once you have finished the previous step, select all the nine keyframes.
-Miracle Seed
experiencing grace that knows no bounds:
Should I push him to be involved, perhaps against his disinterest so as to secure his creative approval, or re-edit my story so that I don’t need his buy-in, at the expense of the fundamental integrity of the story?
Catering: Whitney Polkinghorne
I’ve been toying with ideas for another show that explores these themes of rocking out while also saving the world – along with a complementary/conflicting desire to be useful (more on that topic in a future post). Perhaps these dreams are best played out on a stage, in good fun.
But somehow somewhere you got mixed up into thinking it’s all about a
Judy worked as a textile designer for McQueen creating fabrics for swatches or colour ways and producing mood boards. She said she would go back again in a heartbeat but that we shouldn’t underestimate the hard work involved in working for a big design house. “You would spend a full day there, mostly standing. It was pretty gruelling.”
(We'll go fishing in the craw fish hole)
This is meant as a great compliment.
Well she sent me some images but told me not to worry if I couldn't do this weeks challenge. Well I couldn't wait to colour them and this is my 1st Dt Card for Dream Valley.
“Dr. Balisacan also served as an adviser and expert on poverty, food security, agricultural and rural development, human development, impact assessment, and governance issues to public chief executives and legislators, non-governmental organizations, multilateral development institutions, like the World Bank, the ADB, and various United Nations agencies,” Valte said.
Perhaps owing to the expedience and informality of mass market bottled and canned beer, they have earned opprobrium of sorts from generations of radicalized beer aficionados, who have declared it utterly mistaken to drink straight from a bottle or a can because from either, the aroma so integral to taste is largely undetectable.
2012 Book 4
Yes, there will be new agencies and yes, they will cost money.
This was a few years after the infamous 'pansy raids' of the early 30s but make no mistake, Cafe Gala was quite pansy. In a reserved sorta way. No touching beyond a handshake and all that. But the clientele made it clear and the place was jokingly known around town as Cafegaleh. Often, after hours and after closing Bobby Short recalled that the place would be taken over by that wacky bunch from MGM: Judy Garland, Lena Horne, Conny Salinger, Roger Edens, Lenny Hayton and Kay Thompson. The Cafe Gala sparkled and shone for a decade. After it's happy run ended, the Baroness d'Erlanger opened "881".
I got the honor of being with Ali the first time that she had ever seen snow. We went shopping and spent too much money. We ate high calorie food and blamed it on Ali’s need to gain weight. We toured the University of Notre Dame. We spent hours on the phone and still found things to write to each other about.
28 God blessed them and said to them, “Be fruitful and increase in number; fill the earth and subdue it. Rule over the fish of the sea and the birds of the air and over every living creature that moves on the ground.”
- Monogram canvas with natural cowhide trim and polished gold metallic hardware
Justice Cuevas: They’re at the second row of the gallery your honor. Tumayo po kayo Mr Chief Justice.
When I woke up the following day I turned over and looked at the clock. “Morning…” I rubbed my eyes then looked around my him hoping that Yoochun had came. But… to my disappointment I saw my uneaten cake sitting on the table.
twist something (as inspired by the stem)
My mother, yesterday afternoon: "Do you hear someone drumming?"
Disappointing disagreements,
The man lifted an accusing finger at the girl “That… waitress brought me the wrong drink and says that it was I who made that mistake. Now do I come here to be called stupid…”
Below is our photo journal of this clash.
The addition of sweetened condensed milk in this recipe adds extra creaminess as well as sweetness to the tarts, eliminating the need for additional sugar. A rich, dark chocolate drizzle adds a touch of bitter sweet and a chocolate covered Physalis lends a wonderfully elegant touch.
from boundaries that you can't, in real life. Like a dancer
I only have five more weeks until I come home for Christmas and I am so excited. It will be nice to be home and I know it is going to be terrible to leave! But once I am home for Christmas, it means that I am halfway done with living in Ireland. This year is going by rather quick – I am both happy and sad.
Today, at four months into her time on the planet, it was Aurora Rose's first encounter with solid food...
-20
Beauty and fashion are both healthy outlets for women to
I can't wait to see all the other inspiration at the party!
Sounds like maybe it IS your computer. Call Gizmo Productions (575) 758-9522. We record all our own music. A lot of our online material is from live shows.
(2) David Halperin. What Do Gay Men Want: An Essay on Sex Risk, and Subjectivity. Ann Arbor: University of Michigan Press, 2007.
BFF
DURHAM, N.C. — Associate head coach Chris Collins will remain at Duke after having initial discussions with Illinois State Director of Athletics Gary Friedman regarding the school’s head coaching vacancy. Collins came to the decision to remove his name from consideration after discussions with Friedman on Sunday.
15Good people, why are you doing these things? We are men with the same feelings as you, and we give you the good news so that you may be turned away from these foolish things to the living God, who made the heaven and the earth and the sea and all things in them:
right of way complicated
Adding a touch of beauty to all the hectic activity is a restless cloud of butterflies attracted by the strong smells of cow manure and dried fish. What a perfect counterbalance to make up for all that smelly stuff!
I think anywhere from 6-12 participants is about perfect. I'd hesitate going higher than that and I would consider making it a set number, so people know how many lessons to plan on for the future. I often was working on lessons several months in advance and I really liked knowing how many to count on. Make a waiting list when your group is full.
Vegetarian Chilli
Navid/Greg/Silver/Adrianna- Greg and Silver are out and about when Greg blurts out 4 things: 1) He got a divorce, 2) He got shared custody of Maisy, his daughter, 3) His ex is moving to Connecticut so he’s moving to New York to teach at Columbia, and 4) He wants Silver to move to New York with him. A lot to take in, huh? Well, to make the situation that much more awkward, Navid sees them kissing and walks over to say he’s 100% cool with them being together. He also thinks he recognizes Greg, but before he can know for sure, Greg and Silver leave. Oh, BTW, Silver agreed to move across the country with him. That’s a little fast, but okay. Later, Adrianna and Navid eat Chinese food and talk about how they’re glad they’re still friends. Adrianna tells Navid to go talk to Silver, but Navid says it’s too late. Adrianna tells him it’s never too late. Navid goes over to Silver’s, but Greg answers and invites him in. Greg tells Navid about New York and when Silver comes back, Greg gets a call from Maisy. While Greg’s outside talking to Maisy, Silver tells Navid Maisy is not Adrianna’s responsibility. Navid says Silver should be honest and Silver says this is all about Navid not being able to move on. She tells Navid that if he wants to be her friend, he’ll stay out of it. At the end of the episode, it’s presumed that Navid tells Adrianna about Maisy.
"We take the safety and security of all our personal very seriously.
To be honest, there is not much I can say about this novel other than it was profoundly painful for me to read this because it bears too close a resemblance of my own trials. My advice for the readers, if you’ve lost someone to the war in Iraq and you are finally able to sleep at night please don’t read this. If you’ve lost someone and you are still searching for understanding or to know that you aren’t the only one or even if you are trying to understand how or why you feel then you might find comfort in these pages. I personally have not slept for the past week since reading this story. So my advice for my readers is to read with caution at your own risk, and to never pick it up again if you need to put it down.
Hopefully, the new government we elect in a few months will recognise this and not just call a halt to the European Union/International Monetary Fund ‘recovery’ plan, but make sure Ireland is first in the queue to declare it unworkable. Let’s get ahead of all the other countries with serious bank problems, non-payable national debt and unsustainable public spending, before they too are forced to face reality and the eurozone unravels.
Now that you’ve learned about the Life Areas, what are you going to do about it? Self-improvement starts right here, right now. Taking just a few minutes to fill out the Life Areas Chart can change the course of your whole life. That’s a damn good investment of time and energy if you ask me. Once you do that, take a few seconds to share this article with other people and give them the opportunity to improve their own lives.
as i stand there for just a moment longer
If have been hanging out with me on my facebook page (www.facebook.com/jessicakanestyle) then you know I've made my physical health a priority. I'm so jazzed after two weeks, I laugh that I'm 14 days "clean"! The energy I have is AMAZING! Why didn't I eat healthy and workout before?!
During the London campaign there were also other frustrations going on, as organisers from the south east were having problems with Head Office and were therefore reluctant to come across and work on the west side of the London campaign. The decision had to be made to focus all key efforts on London, which was the only high profile election that was taking place at that time. London was winnable and so deserved the best possible resources. But it wasn’t until the last months of the GLA election campaign that money started coming in thick and fast from the then National Fundraiser. However, with or without this increase in finances, the GLA seat still would have been won.
Over the last month we've had some severe weather. Tornadoes, hail, damaging winds, all that good stuff that comes with spring. So to celebrate this tumultuous time in Oklahoma I've created this:
"Who Shot Mr. Burns? (Part Two)" (9/17/95)
As the U.N. scout took in the shanty camp, he was in no mood to laugh. The bank of the river bustled with activity. There were no less than 50 people swarming around like ants at a picnic. Every one of them appeared to be well-fed and in good health. Most carried side arms and, the soldier noted, there was a rack of rifles nearby that appeared to be U.S. military weapons. Many of the people were busy performing tasks that were beyond the scout’s experience. Perhaps most disconcerting was a group of three men expertly butchering an alligator. A deer carcass hung nearby, blood pooling beneath it. Several alligator and deer hides were in various stages of curing. Something boiled in a large cast iron cauldron over a bed of glowing coals. A sturdy looking woman, dressed in bib overalls, stirred the cauldron with what appeared to be the remnants of a boat oar.
I may also open afternoon time slots if there is enough interest.
Scipio notes that the Flash, like Superman, has numerous "sci-fi elements," but argues that "... they aren’t the core of his world; they are just the added elements that take him and his world from the mundane to the “super.”
And he has the cheek to say I'm too middle-class!
I have actually been told, by radical feminists in grad school, that I was betraying the sisterhood by taking Odysseus's last name when we got married. I've been told that the only valid choice for me, as a woman, was going on for my PhD (which I don't want), and looking for a full time position in an English department (also don't want), and possibly going into administration (really don't want--I teach because I love teaching, not because that's the hurdle to working in Academia, and admin doesn't have time to teach), because we can't have a man telling us what to do! I had more than one radical feminist tell me that my hobbies were wrong because they were traditional women's work (wrong--knitting was a man's work while he was watching the sheep).
As for the real Sino-Japanese war, the Imperial Army quickly subdued the disorganized Chinese Army and installed a puppet government in Manchuria which they renamed Manchukuo. Four years later the Japanese provoked an incident with the Chinese Army at the Marco Polo Bridge which they used as an excuse to invade the rest of China. The first stage of the Second World War had begun, the results of which still negatively effect relations between the two Asian nations.
16. City of Fayetteville Guidelines for a Façade Grant 35-37
...and for those interested, the Koetong Pub is up for sale. Pool table included.
Then you’ll know I’m yours forever
After wiping my eyeliner clean, I opened the box. Not only was my gift a mirror - it was a beautiful, pretty-in-pink, Disney Princess Magic Talking Mirror! Diane pressed a pink button as I held up the mirror and a little voice told me how beautiful I was. We all started laughing.
The box that I made holds 8 Hershey's Nuggets. If you would like instructions on how to make nugget boxes of all sizes there's some great instructions here. I'm assuming that most of the women that will be making these will want to give them to their hubby's, so I tried to make this slightly more masculine. What can I say? I like glitter, whimsy, buttons and bows - masculine is a bit of a stretch for me.
Quick! Run to the grocery store and stock up on in-season avocados! Those little gems full of "good" fat and lovely flavor are usually expeeeensive, but not so when in season. Watch for sales and prices under .75 cents a fruit (2 for $1.00 at Grocery Outlet, baby), and stock up. You may wonder: what will i do with all those avocados? They ripen suddenly and need to be utilized at the 'best' point in their ripeness to take advantage of their flavor, but never fear: you CAN put by avocados!
At this stage I may just be lucky enough to meet artist, Dick Frizzell. It will be a highlight for me as I’m a great fan of his work and he has inspired my own painting. His ‘Mickey to Tiki’ and the Four Square Man series have become Kiwi art icons. I enjoyed reading Dick Frizzell – the Painter as it gave me insight into Dick’s career and stylistic development.
It was first served in a Kerala bar in 1965.
I believe, the best quality each human can ever have, is forgiveness. Forgiving does not make you weaker, in contrary, it shows how as strong you are. I have had a person tell me that I’m much stronger than I think I am. I used to think that was because I preserved through the bitterness and broke through my struggles twice. But that was just the tip of the iceberg. She was in fact referring to my will to live, my patience, and especially my ability to forgive (even if she had never known me before).
Inside - Pride And Fall
we read it — “Having loved His own.” Oh, it is because we are Thine own,
Teddy and Ducky also had class parties where they nominated which food they would take along. It was Teddy who originally asked for the reindeer cupcakes, and Possum made some for her party too (it was rather handy having Possum home those last weeks) and she also helped Ducky make truffles for her class. Family members weren't invited to these parties but we found out later on that everyone had enjoyed themselves.
The imp slipped in, and Imperiling Fear
Lego™ man
- Sealed
(That's "whole wide world", not "world wide web".
I wandered around the hallway a little bit, keeping an eye out for any stray papers. But I wasn’t going to like, kill myself trying to get them. I’d thought about it all night, and this was the conclusion I’d come to: the guy, the freezer-sweat creepy guy, he probably only knows about Cal, right?
One interesting tid-bit in the US trade data, which came in worse than expected today.
03/19/2012
It hit me yesterday that school should start this week. So I cleaned out our homeschool cabinet (formerly the home of Mikasa's Palatial Platinum china) organized all the books and even created a fun new spot. The school supply shelf. Who knew that would be so great but it really made today go easier and gave a home to the school supply lists i half filled when i was struggling with this years doubts.
I am a former Ford Employee when Ford was forced to shut down my Taurus plant, I didn't relocate to Kentucky like my fellow Ford Employee and found employment in the Aviation field not far where my Taurus plant used to stand. Ford treated me well in a bad situation and I bear them no animus. I kept my Ford Stock when it was really low and refused to sell. I was proud that Ford didn't take the bailout like the other domestic automakers. I owned a 1986 Mustang and drove it for 5 years on the autobahns of Europe, that was fun. I want to own a Mustang again and a Shelby is on the top of my dream list.
Future of #LLOY?
We think of God as somebody up there in Heavens looking at us from above and feeling nothing. A superior creature that looks down to its servants and plays around. Before Christianity the gods whom the ancients believed, had that role of playing with humans but let’s not be confused. Today we talk about the true God who is alive, who came in flesh and blood, who lived a life span of 33 years, who had a mission and fulfilled it within 3 years, who lacked a lot within his earthly life, who was arrested, tortured, mocked, crucified and basically murdered. He felt all emotions that we do feel. He felt hungry, thirsty, tired and hurt. He cried, He smiled, He wished that He was out of His painful mission. To become a Saviour, He had to go on distress for us and still, after His victory through His resurrection, He continues “in all their distress he too is distressed” and He continues to lift us up and carry us in His warm arms.
“Many older adults can have joint problems which would prevent them training with heavy loads,” says Mitchell. “This study shows that they have the option of training with lighter and less intimidating loads and can still receive the benefits.”
and I do stop, wanting to tell you off,
We went to see "The Hunger Games" movie yesterday and enjoyed it very much. It followed the book really closely and my favorite scenes in the book were all in the movie too. It did cut out a bit of the beginning so the relationship between Katniss and Gale didn't seem as close as it was in the book. Other than that, it moved along as I pictured it and was captivated throughout. Gerard was on the edge of his seat and didn't get bored!
Or I can enlist a satellite friend, who is a friend I hang out with on rare occasions, (because usually they have an insane schedule or live just far enough I won’t catch up with them that often) but always have a great time with them because our encounters are practically annual.
None of it makes sense.
I hope that it would just be fun and I would eat every second of it up...like I did with Emmy. I just worry I am getting to used to the way things are now. Life is easy. I kiss my kids to bed and they go to sleep...on time and don't get out of bed - usually. It's bliss. Around four in the morning Emmy joins me in my bed...which I don't mind in the least.
47. You get embarrassed when I tell you you’re cute. Your cheeks even get a little bit red.
After a few more minutes, I approached this same woman and told her I had a few questions. And then the strangest thing happened. She answered my questions. With intelligence too! She knew what she was talking about! Not only that, but she seemed genuinely pleased to help find the right camera for me. When I told her I was thinking about taking a photography class, she even wrote down the names of a couple photography magazines she thought I might enjoy. It is so rare to find a customer service rep who not only knows what she's talking about, but is willing to share that information with you. And in a pleasant manner, at that! I was thoroughly impressed.
Oil - 1 tbsp
Let Thy blessing fall on me.
The sauce, a reduction of stock and the lamb bones, finished with a chiffonade of mint and crushed green peppercorns, was spooned on the plate around the lamb.
Anyways, lets see...I'm enjoying Psychology. I love my teacher she is so cool.
7. I Wanna Be Your Girlfriend
that way
Rain gray town known for its sound
If diversity isn’t forced, why aren’t White People allowed to vote to stop mass non-White immigration into White countries & only White countries?
December 7 Nashville, TN Cannery
As Jack lay on his right side facing his nightstand he saw Angelina, his scarlet macaw, just outside the mosquito netting standing on it looking at him accusatorily. “Good morning honey cakes,” the colorful bird said while dancing around on the nightstand. “No food for me, no more loving for you,” it squawked harshly a few seconds later obviously upset she did not yet have her usual breakfast of orange and apple slices.
Hillary Clinton burst out laughing the other day when a scantily clad fellow bearing a torch streaked behind her and Hong Kong Chief Executive Donald Tsang as they were posing for photos together in Hawaii. Her reaction is priceless -- an utterly spontaneous hearty guffaw, complete with a delighted clapping of hands. Ah, Madame Secretary, we still carry a torch for you. Thanks for lightening up a dull, gray, overloaded Thursday.
Helen Yee (Editor - Cheap and Cheerfuls)
Day 2 brought new eyes (my Husband and Father in Law), and renewed energy (well, sort of. I AM 39 weeks pregnant).
“Well, maybe you’d like to do the shopping next year.”
GIRASEK DC. Increasing hospital staff compliance with influenza immunisation recommendations. Am J Public Health 1990; 80: 1272-1273.
Happy Saturday everyone! Well, the weather is certainly living up to its name this month - April showers for sure in the UK!! The lawn is knee high but hubby can't get out there to mow it cos it just won't stop raining!! Not that it matters to me - still decorating my craftroom! Yes, it's taking ages but we can only do it when we've got a little spare time and there's very little of that! The walls are striped and prepared and wallpaper lining is nearly completed. Hopefully we can get the paint up on the walls and paint the woodwork this weekend!
They also repaired the sanctuary and the interior of the temple and consecrated the courts.
When it’s my time, son, please bury me anywhere you want except not under that tree.
I paired up the bird from Garden Kiss with the sentiment from Heartsong to create this simple little number!
Perhaps the questions need time to reduce on my mental backburner, much like a sauce cannot be rushed but allow to simmer away, one ingredient slowly blending into another until they are one in the same and inextricable.
So, as I've struggled with cards of late, this so gave me the urge to get my pro-markers out.
My husband's birthday is on Sept. 26th. His birthdays weren't special until we met so I want to make it great again this year, especially because it's kind of a big one. So, I've decided to do a birthday month, creating most (if not all) of the gifts. I told him that because he's getting a gift every day, he won't be getting a BIG gift at all. He says he's ok with that.
CynicalBobby
Toss in EVOO or Smart Balance Butter
Gulen has been called the “most dangerous Islamist” in the world.
Last, but by no means least, I’ve included a track from another song-poem album, My Gift To You on the Royal Master label released, I’m guessing (as there’s no date mentioned anywhere) at around the same time. Sung by Linda Lane, with lyrics by Florine Fisher, Christmas is Coming is pretty standard stuff but has some wonderfully stupid words. I particularly like how mundane this particular family’s wants were – a shawl, a pair of house shoes, some gloves, a scarf, a doll, a train set and a pipe. Come on people, it’s Christmas! What about a PS3, a flat-screen TV or an iPad?
As for my logistics, I plan to take my weekly shopping list and find as many items at second-hand / thrift stores as possible. I also want to explore online and see what resources are available there for me to take advantage of. This should get really interesting, as I am currently moving to a new place with new roommates –all of whom have zero furniture and kitchen supplies. This new living situation should put my shopping skills to the test, as our list of needed house-ware keeps growing!
That's right. The Loyal Order of Moose, by God. It's an off-the-beaten track venue on the east side of Austin. There was plenty of parking and few, if any, people there actually part of the South by Southwest festival.
- Make creative plans – pick up old hobbies
corruption agencies. An aviation ministry source said the project was
And this has deep repercussions for the future of Europe and the European Union experiment.
Dr. Kamal Al-Hilbawi: We must first ask ourselves, with regard to the Polish or Russian Israeli, who came with his children to occupy a land and a home that are not his, expelling the Palestinians to America, Britain, France, and Lebanon – what is his status according to international law?
(I apologize for the quality of the video and the photos. I only used my Samsung 10px digicam)
Yes, your representative can collect the race ride number bib on behalf of the participant — provided the person has a letter of authority, the original Acceptance Letter signed by the participant and proof of the representative’s identity and the Waiver Form.
Sick About You and I.
We watched, little flowers' heads drooping from our front pockets as Mother's fingers and toes turned black. Mary, her friend, came over to care for her as we children watched our mother cough and writhe in her bed. It seemed like just another spring day when Mother coughed for the last time. The Priest came and told us she was with God. Her body went to be burned though, just like our house and the rest of our neighborhood. We watched it from a hill just a little ways off, our house I mean, burning to the ground. They said it was to get rid of the disease.
3.She's Hit.
make sure to hop!!
Bernard left a few supplies for them and returned to the guest house to get help. Proud had a broken leg and Binstead was badly burnt and lacerated from walking to a creek to get water and berries every day for Proud. Bernard ran most of the way back travelling through the night, wading through creeks and jumping over rocks.
Neglect and decay are seen everywhere in Africa and much of the West Indies. International corporations often have to provide their own power, their own water, and their own phones. In the age of computers, fax machines, and the world wide web, getting a dial tone in many African cities is difficult.
No. In order to make claim to the original name, even if you legally own the right, like that piggish opportunist from the Guess Who, Secret Museum rules
After the Han dynasty, the next great age of Chinese medicine was under the Tang emperors, who ruled from A.D. 608-A.D. 906. The first Tang emperor established China’s first medical school in A.D. 629.
30 March
The book isn’t perfect and there was a definate lul in the action about halfway through. The low points in the book for me included the time Bluebear spends in the desert and the congladiator battles in the city of Atlantis (where gladiators compete with each other to thrill the audience with the most intricate and entertaining lies) both of which dragged on and bored me quite a bit but this was unusual as the rest of the book is very action-packed.
Will the taste shoot you up to heaven? Hardly. It’s a good potato salad, but it’s not something you’d really swear by.
‘Petro?’ Felicity asked accusingly.
George Adams (tenor sax), Jack Walrath (trumpet),
But, thanks to Eli, I'm the talk of the town.
I love how CABIN doesn’t back off this point, as at the end of the movie a giant hand of an Ancient One crashes up through the facility and destroys the cabin, signalling bad days ahead for humanity. While there’s plenty of allusions to other horror movies, CABIN doesn’t depend on the conventions of the genre the way the SCREAM franchise does. The largely unknown cast college kids (this movie was filmed prior to Hemsworth getting cast as Thor) are all good, but the real joy of CABIN comes from Richard Jenkins and Bradley Whitford, and the frequent cuts away from the cabin to check in with the technicians and scientists. Director Goddard masterfully switches back and forth, and reveals the deeper story of the Ancient Ones slowly.
Keep ticking and tocking at me, Cabalists and Luciferians, reptoids and black hats, would-be assassins and wanna-be submarine commanders, because your empty threats make me smile. with big bright shiny teeth.
I can't even begin to explain how genius this whole setup is! Her small time and moola investment, now gives her kitties a safe to place munch down their food, tells her pet-sitters all the necessary information to keep the pets safe and healthy, her space is personalized and beautified and has a ton of concealed storage, not to mention a whole work table!!! I could go on and on, but her picture really says it all so perfectly!
That one don't say much. Your friend.
Reigning champions United struggled to carve out any chances as they slipped behind City on goal difference with two matches remaining.
1: Mini dump
Ozdemir & Clark, 2007 – see for Organization of conceptual knowledge
One of my closest friends has a scar around on her right temple, next to her eye. I've never known her to be anything but beautiful - made up or fresh faced. She radiates beauty from within, and although I do see her scar, it's part of who she is, and I don't see anything ugly about it.
And was the holy Lamb of God
... looked up directions for a church where I am speaking at a moms' group brunch this week (How in the world do I get myself into these things anyway?! Nevertheless... excited!).
UNWRAPPING THE GIFTED. Tamara Fisher takes note of NAGC's current "State of the Nation in Gifted Education" report, highlighting certain of the findings. See what caught her eye.
In order to laugh at the world it's important we remember to laugh at ourselves once in a while. So please enjoy a chuckle at my expense.
For the young coaches out there, who wish to have longevity in this profession have to become leaders, and to be a leader, it is not having a title or being the loudest/ smartest/ charismatic etc. person out there. It comes down to a few simple things…
I turned to her mother. "Hi, how have you been? I haven't seen you in forever." Crickets chirping (as I expected - duh). Ok. A new approach that even the daft pick up on. Normally. "Um, M**** H****?" I said, using my full male name. Ok - yes! Recognition of a name. So, I laid my left hand on my breast and said, "Rebecca H****."
I forgive myself that as a kid I never accepted and allowed myself to question everything of myself to ensure that who I am and what I am becoming support life absolutely within a point of equality and oneness and what is best for all, but that I just accepted what was given to me as values, taught to me by through society and my family because I believed that others knew best and I am just a kid and am am to small to take a stand against abuse.
The nurse told me some of the things I already knew regarding chances of recurrence, chances it could be another low-level malignant/benign Phyllodes, chances it could be a more malignant tumor (mid-level or highly malignant metastisising) etc. etc. She said that I was doing the right thing by getting it checked out and said with my history it needs to be done.
Today’s Question: Here’s a tough one for you Loren. Since 1954 only 4 amateurs have won a Tournament on the PGA Tour. Can you name all four?
As I have written before, I started out my D&D career using the Basic D&D Boxed Set with the 1979 blue-covered rulebook written by J. Eric Holmes. I never owned nor read the 1981 Tom Moldvay version of that rulebook until quite recently, when I ordered a used copy from Noble Knight Games. Moldvay's edition is particularly welcoming, well-organized, and easy to follow. I can hardly imagine a better book with which to initiate a neophyte player or dungeon master into the ways of D&D. And if I were compiling an ideal "starter kit" with which to introduce someone to the Old Ways of B/X D&D,** I would likely include Moldvay's Basic D&D book in the box, along with his B4: The Lost City as the set's introductory module.
In the shooting sports the results is a sum of man and machine. Quality firearm, quality ammo, quality training, and if you work hard enough you can become an Olympic level competitor. However I don't see the "practical shooting" disciplines making it into the Olympics any time soon.
Which will be continued next time :)
As Jesse was under a tree retrieving a heart nut to show me, he must have bothered a wasp nest since he got stung twice- once each on two of his fingers. As he came back out he told me to hurry away from the tree since a few of them started chasing us. Hurting Jesse- the nerve of that wasp!
We learn early on in the novel that Nefertari's mother died in childbirth. We see how lonely life has been for this young girl, growing up in a royal court without any family left, and very few friends. The current Pharoah does not discount thE fact of Nefertari's royalty, so even though she comes from a line of heretics, she still is allowed to use the title of Princess.
- Catherine
I bought Amber lights and Cranberry by MAC a few weeks back so knew exactly what look I was going for.
All in all, I had such a fun time doing this!
It’s the quiet of the night. You are around somewhere, pottering about, doing what you do best, fiddling, running, changing things, singing, being the proverbial ball of energy. Sometimes, when you’re not looking, I just watch you, and I wonder to myself, How do you do it? How do you have all that energy to take care of yourself, take care of someone else, be productive, and live life at the same time? It’s quite amazing. Actually, I think you’re quite amazing.
The Dark King Eterr sits on his throne, as his two Shadow Wizards circle The Great Green Orb of Da-tok…
Some of my more high profile campaigns have involved dog fouling, the cleaning up of children’s play areas and road safety, in particular around schools. I was also on the Alcohol Strategy group, formed to work with the Police and NHS to combat underage drinking.
In the 1960s in America, the saying was “We Shall Overcome.” In Palestine, we say “Samidoon,” or “We are steadfast.” There is courage, perseverance, strength, and a deep sense of justice that binds rights struggles around the world; the mantra of sumoud, or steadfastness, that Palestinians hold dear, is difficult to adequately convey in translation, but it is not unique to them. It is a common root from which the oppressed draw inspiration and build solidarity.
We have the nursery painted and the chair rail up. We will eventually piece it together over the next few months as we save up. We decided on a turquoise/chocolate brown theme, with splashes of apple green and white. My mom's friend is a seamstress and has offered to make the bedding for us...this will definitely save a ton of money and we are so grateful. It will be original and beautiful!
They bound the hands of Jesus in the garden where He prayed,
Me: What are you currently reading?
Place a sauce pan to medium to high heat and boil 1 cup of water. When the water is boiling add the lemon slices and lower the heat. Simmer for 15 minutes. Remove the slices and discard the water.
I was going to ask her to do the clown from "It", but didn't want to seem all pushy..
If at first you don't succeed... destroy all evidence that you ever tried.
But the energy ministry’s executive secretary, Marcio Zimmermann, was quoted as telling a forum Tuesday that there was no need for new nuclear facilities for the next 10 years.
The Times implemented a paywall of their online news Tuesday March 28. Long-term online subscription runs between $15 and $35 per month. Some say this is the solution to sustainable journalism. Others say it will effectively destroy the Times’ readership. These are voices in a crowd – what are the people you know saying?
Why has this govt not overturned those controversial environmental laws? (Prakash, look a worthy campaign to take up)
Unfortunately, many tourists do not venture outside the compact old city centre, but there is hope even for them. Almost next to the Beurs, in Rue Tabora no 11, is the La Bécasse- a Brussels institution serving Zoete (sweet) Lambiek (as well as Witte Lambiek) from Timmermans on tap. The former is essentially a faro made especially for this café- the Witte Lambiek (a wit bier made from spontaneous fermentation) is more commercially available. The café oozes history, with lambiek served from traditional mugs. De Girardin faro served at het Warm Water may be more complex and there are few, if any, Brusselaars in the café, but it is still a highly recommended stop.
Dear LORD he talks a lot of crap. I have masturbated myself out of serious problems in my life? Also, would someone please tell this man that wanking isn't really very edgy any more? Wiener.
On September 18, 1989, Steven Staley escaped from a community correctional center in Denver, Colorado. Following his escape, Staley embarked upon a series of nine armed robberies as he fled through four states from Colorado to Texas. On October 14, 1989, Staley, accompanied by two friends, Tracey Duke and Brenda Rayburn, went to the Steak and Ale Restaurant in Tarrant County, Texas for dinner. After dinner, and just prior to closing, Staley and Duke removed two semi-automatic pistols from Rayburn’s purse. Staley gathered the employees in the rear kitchen storeroom while Duke secured the front of the restaurant. While this was happening, an assistant manager escaped through a rear door and called the police.
*Sweet and sour chicken: deep-fried balls of chicken breast in batter.
Serves 16
It’s been 3 years now. We both are working, busy in our own lives, he’s a little busier. Earning well and now according to our parents we are eligible to get married. My parents already started asking me all those weird questions. One fine evening the discussion went for longer and I was surprised when my mom indirectly inquired about him. I didn’t know how to hide that big smile on face but at the same time I didn’t have any answer to give. I didn’t know if I should be happy or sad. Happy knowing that my parents don’t have problem if I marry him even though we belong to different cast or should be sad knowing that even if our parents agree he won’t accept me.
spring training!)
customer.service@christofle.com
In 1970, Time Magazine concluded, “It is not too much to argue that American democracy is being altered by Alinsky’s ideas. In an age of dissolving political labels, he is a radical--but not in the usual sense, and he is certainly a long way removed from New Left extremists.”
20. How did you spend Christmas?
I also picked up one of these — finally! I figured it was time.
'Are you drinking whisky, neat?' I asked.
Stir together the cinnamon and sugar and set aside. You'll use this for dusting the pan, for the center swirl, and for sprinkling over the batter before baking.
A day in the life from my view in the production office...
"We shall never get tired of ridding the SAPS of rotten apples who may be within the force; in fact we shall become more determined to ensure that only law-abiding police and staff members remain in the force," Mthethwa said.
It took a while for me to find out about this grading system until today, I reminded myself, I have to find out what type of egg that has been entering my mouth! So here we go.
I am no style maven. My sisters and friends would say I have no right commenting on someone else’s shoe choice. “Remember those ugly Bass sandals you wore for years?! Ugh!”
Lord and Taylor was the first department store in the United States, founded in 1826 on Catherine Street and Broadway, and then moving to Grand Street in Broadway by 1861. In 1863, the sales associates were actually given guns to protect themselves and the store during the draft riots -- kind of different from today's standards.
Scratch my back with claws
I actually mostly agree to his points. I have to say, though, it looks like he is mostly talking about duel type PvP, or arenas. These forms do not really have any similarities to the world PvP and warzones we have in Star Wars: The Old Republic.
We've had another glorious day today, it's so nice to have all of your doors and windows open. Even managed to catch a bit of tennis too ! Right I'm off to pack now as I'm going to see my friend for the weekend and my Goddaughter. I've not seen them in a while as they live a 3 hours drive away, so it will be great to catch up.
What an incredible concept. I especially appreciated the portion of the handbook explaining how their business model is lacking in certain areas, but I’d say the proof is in the pudding: Valve makes great products, and they never fail to innovate. Are we all dying for the next installment of Half Life? Yes. Could this business model be a likely culprit? Possibly. Am I still jealous of the guys that work at Valve? Youbetcha.
Wish me good work. My mood will be highly variable, so I'll have to hold to something deeper than that.
Strawberries- Plant two or more varieties for a continuous supply.
Ends my restless and loveless waiting
“Do you?” he said, as a question to the question.
My heart aches
The Natural (Robert Towne, Phil Dusenberry)
Simple. Childlike. Innocent.
I had recently picked up the Spellbinders Impressabilities Sea Scape plate to go with a stamp set I had picked up back in February at the Stamp, Scrap Art Tour. Once I embossed using the plate, I airbrushed over the plate (like a stencil) a varying range of blues and greens, then topped it off with some Glimmer Mist. After I got the main focal piece done...there was no way I could come up with to use the stamps! LOL! I finished it off with a scrap of netting I had in my scrap drawer...and presto...it was done! Enjoy!
I always prefer
And last but not least : nature!
Ms. Lewis lived in the Valley of the Sun (metro Phoenix area) for thirty years and recently returned to the Midwest. Now a snowbird, she returns to Arizona to visit family, friends, and to photograph the Arizona landscape.
So, after years of unresolved sexual tension, Rictor and Shatterstar are now a couple (or f**k buddies)! Cue, fangirl, "squee"! Kudos to Marvel for having the balls to move forward with this relationship. And kudos to Arion for sharing these scans with us. Edit: And thanks to Cesar for correcting some of the info.
Father, I do ask Your guidance and anointing on all of today’s activities. I pray that Your will would be done in every detail, and that we would rejoice to be obedient to You. May we worship in spirit and in truth and rejoice to fellowship with one another and with Your Holy Spirit, for Your glory. Thank You. Praise God!
This issue has thrown ordinary citizens of modest means into serious conflict with the elite governing class. The latter do not experience Islamization in the same way as their less fortunate neighbors, and they continue to place their faith in Multiculturalism, “tolerance”, and the ever-elusive process of “integration”.
The Boxmasters @ Cannery Ballroom (feat. Billy Bob Thornton)
Bitch threw the piece of chipboard she was carrying into the wall, hard. One of the dogs started barking in response or in alarm. She spat in my general direction and then stalked over to the far end of the room, her dogs trailing after her. The metal stairs clanged with the impacts of her boots as she ascended to the next floor.
The Open Graph initiative represents a very strong way to connect the social media experiences of your community, creating a vast interconnected web (really) of information, recommendations, and discovery that you can use to communicate with potential new community members. Try putting the Facebook Like button on your site and see what happens.
Adrien peeled himself off the wall and stood next to him holding his backpack tightly. The man told Adrien to put it on the table, he complied.
Excuse me. As if my allergies weren't bad enough this year, now I am sneezing from getting all the dust and cobwebs off of this blog!
Gandi.net also noted a peak in domain transfers, all from Go Daddy. They don’t have exact numbers, but expect it could reach between 5,000 and 10,000, the firm’s Stephan Ramoin wrote in an email.
by John Fund at National Review Online:
Learnt some interesting things as well as having fun in the Natural History Museum. We saw all the dinosaur bones and all the artifacts that were made famous by Night at the Museum. I also made a funny impression of a retarded raptor, which was an in joke for the rest of that week... goood times.
For every print edition of T magazine, they ask an artist, photographer, set designer, landscape designer, etc, to customise their logo, with amazing and really varied results. The first one below is their most recent and I’ve put in some other favourites of mine; you can see a great overview of them here.
I went on to say...
I’m not painting all people managers with the same unkindly stroke; not all of them have been seduced by the dark side of the force. But I know some of them who actively hone their ignorance as a weapon. They plead ignorance to pass their work on to other unsuspecting worker bees, including quants.
That was enough for me—I started to understand. Here were the words of Paul, a great teacher. When then if I had slipped? Now, I could understand.
I like it on apples and pears because I like the sweet/salty flavor combination, but you could spread some on sourdough, crackers, or even tortilla chips. It's like a fancy Easy Cheese that tastes like cheese and doesn't come in a can.
Just as I am beginning to pant and get "squishy", I am told to get over His lap. He is rubbing and massaging, and then I feel something prickly. It is my little "wheelie"! What a nice surprise. He is rolling it all over my back, thighs, bottom, any place He can reach, I am so relaxed. Master then remarks, He does not think He has been using it with enough force. He presses harder and repeats His routes. It is not as relaxing, but is awakening different sensations all over. He tells me He is going to increase the pressure and I should let Him know when it starts to hurt. On His second time around I tell Him now, after finishing His route He stops to rub and admire the pattern.
Like Bergen, Jason Burke, a Guardian journalist and author of the acclaimed 9/11 Wars, read the Arab Spring as proof that bin Laden’s global jihad strategy had lost currency in the Islamic world.
How we spent our Saturday. Well, our 20-Falls was bitter windy cold. Miserable! But, I didn't let that stop me! I powered up and kicked my legs into gear and ran and ran. Training for a beasty 1/2 marathon. My ears have been aching and I have just felt cold all day from that chilly run. But, I ran and ran, 10.5 miles! Not bad for this chic-a-dee!!
* MIB tells Ben to shoot Llana with the rifle. He does not.
For Today will enter the studio on January 6th with producer Will Putney to begin working on their fourth full-length album to be released via Razor & Tie in Spring 2012. Putney (Lamb Of God, Suicide Silence) previously worked on For Today’s Breaker, their 2010 release.
Self-esteem is a collection of beliefs we have about ourselves, and we start building this collection from the time we are babies. As a baby learns to roll over or take his first step, he builds that confidence and feels good about himself. Two important aspects of self-esteem are feeling a sense of capability as well as having love and support from those around you. Without both of those aspects (capability and love), it is very difficult for a child to have positive self-esteem.
~I Thessalonians 5:16-18
How pretty, I thought - the cloud and the tree bearing each other company in the canvas.
Students cheat
However, Torphichen also had moderate presbyterian connections. Hew Kennedy, who had been brought up by Samuel Rutherford, the preeminent ideologue of the Covenanting cause, had been presented to the charge at Mid Calder in 1643 by Torphichen’s father and after the Restoration Kennedy had married into Torphichen’s family. Kennedy was deprived in 1660 for being a ‘very zealous Protester’, but by the late Restoration, Kennedy had become one of the moderate presbyterian faction that accepted royal authority. Under James VII’s edicts of toleration, he briefly returned to his charge at Mid Calder in July 1687 before he moved on to establish a licensed presbyterian meeting house in Trinity parish. After the Revolution, ‘Father Kennedy’, as he became known, was the first moderator of the reconstituted General Assembly of the Church of Scotland. In November 1687, a meeting of moderate presbyterian ministers appointed William Burnett as Kennedy’s successor at Mid Calder. (Fasti, I, 127-8, 177.)
How important are trailers? No idea. My publisher wants them, encourages them, and posts them. You can see my trailers at http://www.oaktara.com/bookpage-centurion and http://www.oaktara.com/bookpage-Aegypt. I suggest you should put together trailers for your books. I have three other books that need trailers. I should make them just because my publisher wants them. That’s kind of the point. If your publisher thinks trailers are a good idea–then they are a good idea. I recommend following your publishers advice always. If you are an indie writer–do what you want, but realize, most publishers are encouraging writers to make trailers.
The first section in Bringing Nature Home opens with abundant cherry blossoms -- specifically a reference to Japan's centuries-old flower viewing custom -- along with Ngoc Minh Ngo's photo of a jaw-droppingly beautiful armload of branches on a bedside chest accompanied by the caption: "What better way to celebrate spring than to wake up under a cloud of cherry blossoms?"
Would you rather read about a place where everyone gets an operation to become beautiful (Uglies by Scott Westerfeld), or one everyone gets an operation to “cure” them from love (Delirium by Lauren Oliver)?
THIS week we delved into the world of exploration: real and imagined in our new language and literacy unit. We took a closer look at imagined characters, in the book “Toot and Puddle.” This is a cute little story about two pig friends, one who likes to travel and one who likes to stay at home. They both learn things and make different discoveries.
Solemnity
Imagine that we are sinking in a sea of sin and destruction. Then Jesus comes in a boat, and says “Climb aboard, I’ll save you.” There will be some who will say, “No thanks, I don’t believe in boats. And anyway I can make it to shore on my own.” Yes, there are some who are that deluded or misguided.
t-shirt quilt if I made it. Well she just took over. She contacted
Patrick Holland (Australia) – The Source of the Sound
"For the viewer to become suddenly unsure of an image's 'obvious' intent is key to Holstad's method." --Steve Lafreniere, Artforum January 2003
The lawyer concerned, Mark Lewis, said he had seen the dossier, thought to have been compiled by private detectives, on him and several other lawyers. He said: “Someone thought it was a good idea to see if they could get information. It is entirely reprehensible and completely wrong. It doesn’t scare me, it doesn’t bother me, but it is an apparent attempt to try and gain an improper advantage.” He said the file appeared to have been assembled between December 2010 and January this year. Which – let’s face it – is pretty recent.
So, what should be a relaxing time so far is stressing me out big time. Granted, we never did this before – planning the entire vacation on our own thing – but I didn’t think it would require this much brain power.
3 stand
She then turned from the cop who was interviewing her (the cop that just moments earlier I was shooting the shit with about good times gone by) and launched herself onto the bridge rail in an attempt to catapult herself to the river below.
First off, I will give full disclosure: Nicole Trilivas, the author of this book, contacted me and gave me a free e-book so I could review her novel. This is not the type of book I would normally read, but I will try to review it as objectively as possible.
My parents fought constantly throughout my childhood. In the morning it wasn’t frequent - there’s no time for bickering when you’re getting five children ready for school. Getting ready for school – My mom was a master at “games.” Once, we were set a timer that if we completed getting ready before, we would get a nickel in our cup. Once we had a dollar, we went to the dollar store to choose a prize. I got a baton filled with liquid and sparkles. Mitchell was always a hard case, and therefore got a lot more prizes than the rest of us. He could never remember to buckle, so if my mom checked we were all strapped in, while the rest of us got a good job, Mitchell got a gum ball. He also refused to drink milk. So when we all had to have our one glass of milk at least a day, he had to have at least one glass of chocolate milk. He is the only one who never had a cavity, I will never understand his luck.
The new day brought new opportunities for deepening our knowledge of COMACO, its members and their families as well as the Zambian culture of the area. The interaction that we have with all of the major players in this initiative is a very important component of our efforts.
I’m extra happy for the 1 dollar – the 1 in 2 031. Somehow, this dollar reminds me about a story, from when I was a kid.
Besides, most of my night time regulars already know what's been going down. A lot of them because they asked me why I had a maniacal grin on my face last night, having made the decision to tender my resignation about five seconds after seeing that note.
posing
Wide River to Cross by Levon Helm
So congratulations to Aunty Belle. Display the Haiku Monday Badge of Great Honor with pride knowing you had great competition. Everyone stay hydrated.
Today is a special day as it is my DH`s birthday!!
With this being the Easter holiday weekend, there weren't a lot of garage sales to choose from. We planned on going to only one estate sale. It was the third day of the sale so it had been pretty much picked over. We did manage to find a few treasures.
Dinner Sausage and butterbean casserole
The background is Evergreen Bough Distress ink (This is one of my favorites-it's one of his seasonal three pack inks) and various brown distress inks with clear embossing powder. I also used Pink Paislee's new line, "Spring Jubilee" paper, rub-ons, and chipboard. The doily is Sizzix's Tim Holtz on the edge Tattered Doily. The music stamp is from Glitz. I guess I should now go back to the beginning and create tags from the previous days!
Hi Zhush-ers! I'm so happy to be back guest posting on The Zhush, and sharing my three obsessions just in time for summer. I have lupus, so I'm photo-sensitive and MUST stay out of the sun. I love this beach towel as a little wink to my addiction to high-powered sunscreens. Theirry Lasry is a lesser-known eyewear company, but I believe that everyone should get to know him - he's so French and fantastic with his "futuristic vintage" styles. I can just see myself lounging around in these chic sunnies - it would change my whole beach attitude! Mojitos, dahling? Finally, these crushable hats are my #1 summer essential- you literally can ball them up and shove them in a bag and they'll unfold good as new when you take them out. They come in tons of colors and have UPF 50 built into them, and at $30 you can buy several! I take one with me when I'm walking around the city or at the beach.
The girls were not phased, and continued to play their best. We took a few more shots, but the Arsenal keeper did her job with style and grace, shutting down several solid attempts.
Crooked Fence DA0620
Life Lesson: We should make a difference in this work for God.
Sate Buntel ( Wrapped Satay )
But it still happens. A dealbreaker on every trip you take needs to be manners: we are kind to each other. Not just superficial and passive aggressive and "OK fine whatever you want to do." KINDNESS. As tired as you are, so is everybody else, and chances are at least one person in the car is about to go all stabbity if they hear someone say or do XYZ one. more. time. Pay attention to the people you're with, not just to where you are.
For the "rainbow-cloud" I took a piece of white card stock, covered the front side with adhesive & glue dots and began wrapping the twine around it. I then added a layer of dimensional pop dots to the top and added another piece of white card stock with the cloud punched out.
I'm supposed to tell you seven things about me. Well, I only did that a couple of posts ago and I'm not sure I can come up with seven more.
* Tourism value: The dam of a hydroelectric power plant can be used as a tourist spot.
ATTORNEY: Were there any girls?
Oh! that renegade Strawberry Roan.
When I arrived the cadets were on parade and I had an opportunity to talk to some of them, all the cadets are very keen and want to make a career in the airforce with the exception of one who will be joining the navy. One of the cadets has the honor this year of being the Lord Lieutenant of Hampshire’s Cadet, this is truly significant he was chosen from all the air cadets of Hampshire & Isle of Wight.
Food & Beer: Firm, slightly crumbly sharp cheddar-style cheeses made by a local dairy farmer and cheese-maker would be the perfect way to make the best of the richness of this brew and the lactic tang of the cheese.
Firstly, Holly’s story appealed because of the end. It’s got a twist that you won’t see coming. Second, it was a toss-up between her story and another and I decided that the first story I chose for In fabula-divinos needed to say something about me and the project. Holly was a woman, and Australian, and that got her over the line for this time.
The world behind me, the cross before me; No turning back, no turning back.
Warts
6 small-medium green tomatoes, chopped (about 2-3 cups)
This decision seems to be in line with the criticisms expressed on the other side of the Atlantic by several commentators vis-à-vis the recently proposed Stopping Online Piracy Act (SOPA), which was introduced in the US House of Representatives on 26 October 2011 (also known as Enforcing and Protecting American Rights Against Sites Intent on Theft and Exploitation Act). This bill would compel ISPs to adopt filters to prevent their customers reaching pirate websites easily. It is believed by several commentators that the bill's vague wording might leave open the door to intrusive forms of filtering, which would multiply costs and performance problems for ISPs and expose their users to a violation of their privacy (see The Economist, 26 November 2011).
I really enjoyed doing something "out of my comfort zone," and using new materials! I plan on making more of this style for Christmas cards!! If you give it a try, just come back and leave me a link below! I'd love to see your gatefold card creations! Well, that's all I have for you this time...thanks for stopping by!
A hard week (and weekend) left me sitting on the kitchen counter at midnight while consuming between myself and my roommate two bottles of wine as our aggravated minds took us all over the realms of reality and fantasy before bringing us back into our house. Slightly inebriated from alcohol and rather drunk from hopes and frustrations, we two hatched a plan before heading off to bed. I was a little too restless to sleep, so I paced the house a bit before sitting on the couch, pulling the blanket over me, and falling asleep.
And if the Giants offensive line can keep Eli Manning upright, the younger of the two Super Bowl champion brothers is just the right QB to find at least one of those four receivers for reception after reception.
“Yaahhggg!” came a voice from behind her.
Farrah Faucett hair-do days
Leapbeer #134 is Beachcomber Summer Ale by Vancouver Island Brewery
The Reader in question has not been suspended.
I'm not tall, charming, beautiful, and verbose like everyone in Manhattan, charismatic to a fault. I'm certainly not in touch with the loving core of my being, spontaneous, caring, and soft.
a) no content is aired that is offensive to commonly accepted standards of decency or is defamatory
LJ Fort: Definitely, that’s one of my goals in the future to run a youth ministry camp. Right now I also volunteer at the Boys and Girls Club and I am also the leader at a small group for my football team.
Finalizing the seed order for this year has proven to be somewhat of a challenge for me, because I often dream big, am full of enthusiasm and I think that if I try hard enough I can squeeze one more crop veggie into my back yard. Last year's garden did well, despite myself and the pestilence that attempted to take over... but I am eager, with early garden dreams.
Panko Shrimp:
L.L. Barkat’s Rumors of Water. See the
3. Kissed a member of the same sex? - On the cheek. Not a real kiss. That's reserved for My One and Only.
1 large onion, thinly sliced
He is my vintage boy, full of imagination and innocence and hope. I love him a bushel and a peck, and I feel like our lives began at the same time. He is my Opie, my Little Ricky, my Theodore Cleaver, my Gary Jackson…interesting, classic, funny, boyish, and curious, with just a little bit of crazy thrown in for good measure.
Washington's latest message to him is severely blunted: "If you obey us, we will not punish you for crimes committed against the Yemeni people."
Christian community development is an approach Dr. John Perkins has described this way. You are busy pulling people out of a river to save them from drowning. But you finally realize that somewhere upstream they are falling/jumping/being pushed in. You decide to go upstream to do something about it.
You know what the kicker of this thing is, though? Not a one of the big names here even WANTED to be in this movie! You see, Newman, Holden, Hamel, Borgnine and Buttons were all under contract with Irwin Allen to appear in this movie. They had no way out of it. They were stuck. The only reason Steve McQueen didn't get cast in this thing is because he was already dead! You can bet that Newman et al envied him.
So, I will spend Mother's Day with my best friend. She thinks I'm a great mother. She thinks I am funny. She thinks I am smart. She thinks I am beautiful. She thinks my shit doesn't stink. She thinks I can do no wrong and she even thinks I can be an asshole but she loves me like I'm perfect.
As an inhabitant of the “New World”, I’d like to see Uruguay, the last team from the Americas left standing, in the finals against Spain. I think this matchup might favor Uruguay. First, though, they have to take down the Netherlands, no small task.
I will talk more about each topic from business plan on my next posts.
Maybe this one will work out alright
“Peter has got to stop criticising Tony Abbott. He is not a economic illiterate. he’s a Rhodes Scholar for God’s sake.
as well. She surprised me with a present that goes
"Ms. Corbin, I'm sorry to bother you but I didn't know what to do. This little one is just choking and she can't breathe and I just put her in the car and came over here cause I don't want her to die and the vet is gone and I just didn't know what else to do. I thought you might know what to do cause I'm just kinda nervous and upset and... Oh! Bless her! Look! She can't breathe! She's choking and all that foam coming out of her mouth!"
ya sabes porque – now you know why
She smiles again, she raises the paper up and nods slightly, she need not ask anything, her eyes ask if the words she held in her hand happen to be mine? I nod the slightest nod and with that she folds the paper in front of me and tucks it inside her handbag. My heart now pounding, my hands shaking, I try to clear my throat. I want so bad to say something, to say anything that may keep this moment alive for just a few seconds more, but the words for the moment eluded me.
And if you prefer to see your veggies already prepared and served up on the plate, try my very own spicy marinated aubergines, just one item on the menu we served to friends who joined us for Tapas recently.
The problem is that we don’t know, and nor apparently do the parties complained of.
The currently available options for home Buyers to consider in Beverly Woods East have 4 bedrooms, 2.5 baths and include 1.5 story and Tri-Level home styles, 1 has a carport and offer around 2,400 to more than 2,600 square feet of living space.
in their clothes of many colors
Manicure your bushes before putting your home on the market. When you do this, it makes your home easily visible to potential buyers. It will also make your home look well-kept and taken care of. Always remember that first impressions count, so make sure the exterior of your home looks fabulous.
Don't forget, if you've finished your skirt, please add it to the Flickr Group (with your blog link) so that I make sure to add you to the sidebar and feature your skirt on the blog.
b. Employer
Incidentally I hate American spell check – favour or favor? – I will go for the English and re-educate my computer.. even down to the number of full stops I put!!! Or even exclamation marks, yeah!!!!!
Your friendly neighbourhood Timmi
Jonah confides that he had a run-in with those men and they ended up dead, however, the brother is still alive and was backing the whole plan. Lash and Hex hatch a plan and head into town.
●1 July (Sunday) Saitama Super Arena First event – 15:00/16:00 All seats will be allocated. Second event – 19:00/20:00 All seats will be allocated.
Speaking of baking soda, it is one of the most useful things to have around. Here’s something I got from www.thenewhomemaker.com
In the office
I know I know, I'm writing a review for the mommy porn book of they year. I admit back in March when I first heard rumblings of this new e book that was capturing women across the country I had to know more. For a mere $6.99 at the time I downloaded it to my Nook and it was a quick weekend read. I had no idea what would transpire for this book and author in the subsequent two months. Wow!
Schumann is one of the greatest representatives of the Romantic era and this clearly reflects in his works.
After a few weeks I sent several emails inquiring about my application and trying to get acknowledgement that it had even been received. I heard nothing. I waited a few more weeks. I sent another email on Dec. 7th asking about the status of my account. One week later I received a return email that was completely incomprehensible.
For the last eleven hours I had worn a feathered headband
This inquiry has even begun to disturb those of our critics who have been at least partly responsible for what many see as a "witch-hunt".
I am the blind folded passenger in a car and have no idea where we are going. If I were driving, surely we would crash as I can’t see a thing. If I didn’t know and trust God as I do, I would be terrified and plotting my escape. Instead, I imagine God is sitting right next to me, a gentle smile on His lips, one hand on the wheel, humming to a song on the radio. He’s certainly not worried or anxious because He knows where He’s taking me. He is so excited to take the blind fold off when we get there. In the mean time, I still have my sense of hearing. I can enjoy the song on the radio. I still have my sense of smell and touch. I can breathe in the crisp breeze that blows on my face through the open windows. I can sit back and relax as God leans over to tell me with His unerring wisdom, “I know the plans I have for you, plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future.” (Jeremiah 29:11 NIV) With my hands clasped firmly around my round belly, I can’t help but smile at this news from beneath my blind fold.
The confession I made I resume, what I said to you and the open air I
They bowed their heads the death to feel:
Today this year’s Laureates in Physics, Medicine and Economics begin to arrive in Stockholm to experience a celebration of their achievements like no other.
from attic to garage, basement to cabinet.
Saturday was actually quite sad - my BIL and SIL had to put down their 10 year old dog who had lymphoma. She had declined quite quickly over the last week. So we babysat my niece while my in-laws took their dog to the vet. Sat. night we had dinner with 3 other friends, two of whom didn't know about our pregnancy yet - so we shared the good news with them. They don't have any kids, but have experienced loss closely as my girlfriend's brother's wife has had a two losses - one child was stillborn, and not sure if the other baby was "technically" a miscarriage or stillbirth. They get how hard all of this is. Then today, we went out to brunch and for a nice walk/easy hike with a friend.
3. Spray a loaf pan with cooking spray and pour the batter into the pan. Smooth out the top and bake in the oven for 30-35 minutes. *Look to see that the bread is a light golden brown and test with a knife to make sure bread is cooked through.*
Save $0.50 when you buy BOTH Betty Crocker SuperMoist Cake Mix AND Betty Crocker Ready to Spread Frosting (any flavors/varieties).
evidential material to support their case.
Does that mean I craft perfect, layered characters and incredible fast-moving, engaging plots? Nope. But it's a learning process. I hope to look back in three years and see how much I've grown.
Leave now to simmer- Oh what a hoot!
Actually I did buy the Yoshi blade. It is very sharp and cuts very well. Unfortunately we managed to break the tip off it within the first week of ownership, after we (meaning my wife), dropped it on our stone countertop. And my wife managed to cut off the top of one of her nails with the “free” potato peeler, so I guess that is also sharp, and doubles up with a second use if you misplace your nail clippers.
Standard swimming calls for one breath every third arm recovery or every 1.5 cycles, alternating the sides for breathing. Some swimmers instead take a breath every cycle, i.e., every second arm recovery, breathing always to the same side. Most competition swimmers will breathe every other stroke, or once a cycle, to a preferred side. However some swimmers can breathe comfortably to both sides. Sprinters will often breathe a predetermined number of times in an entire race. Elite sprinters will breathe once or even no times during a fifty metre race. For a one hundred metre race sprinters will often breathe every four strokes, once every two cycles, or will start with every four strokes and finish with every two strokes.
I like (a few) contemporary houses and if I were building new and didn’t care about getting my money back, I’d have one designed for me, just as I’d prefer a trimaran sailboat, if resale weren’t an issue. But often, it is and in Greenwich, contemporaries are very much passe. A search through the inventory shows 38 of them on sale (out of 738 single family houses), many of them with long-ago listing dates and none of them with a reasonable chance of getting close to their asking price (that’s my personal opinion, obviously). Greenwich buyers want traditional, for the most part, and contemporaries are not that. Peter Ogden, for instance, made quite a name for himself in Greenwich in the 60s with his designs but the few that haven’t been torn down yet sell for land value only. The poor guy’s life work won’t survive him.
Women are said to be girls.
Nirrimi Joy Hakanson
Why is this series so good? It started off kind of dry and a little dense at parts, but once I start reading it BAM. My mind is completely enthralled into this world. There is so much character growth and development for all these characters who we have gotten to know in the last book. Some have died, some have been tortured and those who are alive may not be there for very long. I think that's why I love about these books. Once I think I know where it's going, it switches to another place and I'm just floored by the amount of suffering GRRM will put his characters through. It's inspiring
Yet again confirmation that the administrators plan to keep going to season’s end. How is this being funded?
Mac Carbon(outer v, outer 1/3 of lower lashline)
If you have the luxury of going to the Met every now and then and are able to focus on just a few galleries at a time, there’s no question, that’s really the way to see the place. This spectacular art haven is sensory overload of the best kind and an injustice to race through.
Later that year, I was assigned to a Facility Assessment team for a project as Fort Sam Houston in San Antonio, Texas. We were called to San Antonio to train on the software we were to use to enter the data collected during the field Assessments. The teams leaders believed it would be beneficial for us to update our OSHA 10 training and make sure everyone was aware of the issues and situations they might be involved with during this assignment. After a week of training, we received our cards and certificates and began the assessments.
Some of the best films ever made have also been remakes of previous movies, such as The Magnificent Seven or Cape Fear. The Thing, Invasion of the Body Snatchers, and The Fly – what I like to call the ‘Triforce of Body Horror’ – are all remakes of 1950s films based on even older fiction. Going briefly over to television, The American Office is vastly superior to the British original.
You're here in my headLike the sun coming out -Ooh. I just know that something good is going to happenAnd I don't know whenBut just saying it could even make it happen. Kate Bush - Cloudbusting.
The boy in Penny Dolan's book really is a boy and not a mouse, fortunately since I have brought him into such close proximity with the Tygrine Cat.It's rather a treat to have found two good junior novels to blog about. And A Boy called M.O.U.S.E. is a treat in itself. It's a chunky read at nearly 450 pages but will suit just the right child reader - as well as me!
I was able to find VERY GOOD QUALITY paper at the Paper Mill Store they have really good prices and great selection. It's was the best site I could find if you want to make A LOT of same cards/invites. I used Dark Purple Cardstock for the base of the invite and lined the inside with Candy Apple Green translucent vellum which I printed the invitation information. The card based was embossed using my cuttle bug and then embellished with lavander and green feathers and dots of green stickles. Originally I was using Irock jewels for the embellishment but after it took me like 10 min to do just one, I went the easy route and used stickles. It still looked great. I made the centerflowers using the same vellum as the insert. Finally I tied purple, green and lavander ribbons to each of the sides and VOILA! It only took us about 4 weeks to get all 200 done, but I am very pleased with the results.
"surprise me!"
How could anyone be arrested, other than for nuisance-making, for planting “play clay” under a car? Could Hollywood moviemakers, directors, actors and producers also be arrested for using fake weapons to “kill” millions of Jews and gentiles alike every year?
Subway Stations (part b)
I used to dream every day I could reach the beach And now it’s so close I can almost smell it And every time I wait closer to the end I can already feel the dry land after the wet sand And I don’t want to think that nothing is forever If this song finishes then the world ends for everyone We are all nothing without words tell me what we have left And some rhymes come back To my tired mind Lines from a script I thought was forgotten Tunes that I once Thought I was going to forget Which come back to me now Beautiful and brave symphonies It’s been a while since I left And I’m always going But I’m always with you Even though sometimes You think there isn’t anything When I’m staring into space As if I was absent It’s because I’m travelling Don’t think that I’m going to get lost Yes, I know the world will keep Turning when nothing is left And we roam through history Like simple solitary men Kings who lost everything Everything that they loved so much Because they wanted it too much And everyday I try To be everything I had imagined And I find that life Always has something prepared for me That exceeds all my fantasies Nothing campares to What really happened I used to dream every day
The return is bittersweet.
The nice Virgin lady takes all the details, I have my dates, I know how many people, I am so careful that we will be back for April 15th when BBD gets to see McFly, not only does she get to the concert she gets to meet them too, this is thrillingly exciting for her, a bit problematic re dates for me, and a real ball ache for her brother who thinks we should just book whenever we please, after all he had to miss MGMT because it clashed with a flight.
While as a consumer and as a global citizen I wish for lower oil prices, the current market cross currents and sentiment suggest that we’re about to see the opposite.
The proportion of cash-out refinancings continued its reduced post-bubble role. They made up 21% of all refinancings in the first three months of 2012 at Freddie, up from a 26-year low in the fourth quarter.
The ‘hard stuff’ involved unwrapping the fox of its entire coat, leaving a ‘red and violet body’, alien-like in its strange, exposed appearance.
See? Now those are making a statement. Funny as hell, and clearly taking a position. You can't come back from any of these. You are clearly who you are. All I had was a simple "OBAMA/BIDEN" sticker. Not now.
Higher than I.
“He sounds like a very wise man. I would very much like to meet him some day.”
The Christchurch cathedral had been earthquake-damaged before the shocks which started in September 2010. After the February 22, 2011, event Earthquake Minister Gerry Brownlee, no friend of heritage, included it on a short list of buildings which should be restored or rebuilt. An overseas donor stumped up $4 million. Further earthquakes did more damage.
I can say basically the same thing about the Fresh Prince that I can say about SBTB, except that instead of a bunch of kids in a school, it was just young Will Smith getting himself into a whole bunch of shenanigans.
Dhania powder - 1 tbsp.
Contrast this with today, when I don't even like it if there's dust between the banisters or dirt on the skirting boards. I source out new recipes to cook, enjoy having friends round for dinner, and scrub the house spotless beforehand.
I'm definitely excited for this summer, I've got some adventures planned and I can't wait! How's everyone's last weeks of school?
Redundantly clutching my drawn-up knee,
Inferno: Canto I
Jane Austen:
I find it important to name your dreams. I don't see any point in running from what I really want. How often have I dreamed about what I'd really rather be doing, then stopped that thinking in its tracks with mental roadblocks and diversion? Many times is the answer, but I think I'm quite done with that. If the roadblocks are only in my imagination then there's no reason they can't be swept away like a whisp of smoke.
Hear from Program on the Environment graduate students who are solving real world environmental challenges, learn about the Environmental Management Certificate and join in celebrating our students’ accomplishments at the UW Program on the Environment Environmental Management Symposium.
“Ah, look at you, Anton, finding the silver lining.”
After some negotiation, and a brief flirtation with the idea of adding my albino visage to her profile, Cally opted to tick a more racially accurate box. But how honest must we be when it comes to online dating? If the answer is, only as honest as we would be in real life dating, then perhaps Cally is in the clear. As long as she never actually meets the people she’s dating. Unless it’s the Eastern European Horatio Caine who seemed all set to solve crime while crouching in an unknown garden somewhere – according to all available evidence he never removes his sunglasses, and thus might never notice Cally’s pigment deception.
Stage 3: Surprise - “Hah, holy shit… I didn’t even think I had room for this much liquid…”
As we admire the legs on a Majorcan red, Dougie explains: “This Virat is an example of a more unusual wine and it’s named after a native Majorcan dog.
iPhone apps to make you laugh
seems to blame the air traffic (the jet contrail intersections) combined with a
CD: Who runs the Chester Literature Festival?
I still struggled for months. At the end of August I had received a job offer with a more generous salary and compensation package, and I agonized over that decision for days before rejecting it. Despite the passing of 5 months and still feeling a sense of being blindfolded while working, I didn't feel right in giving up and moving on again to the perception of another greener pasture. This situation would either improve or I would figure out a way to adapt.
I created this card using soft blue tones because Cathy doesn't like pink! I dug out my vintage glass glitter for this project and tinted it lightly with Copic Marker refill E55 which gave me a soft antique look. I coated the largest Spellbinders™ Nestabilities® Decorative Element Picot Edges circle with the glitter, then layered Shapeabilities® Blossom Tags and Accents. I added more glass glitter to that piece, then layered with Shapeabilities® Fancy Tags Two.
The top was just a wide rectangle sewn over the raw edge, though I added some piping to give it a more professional look. If I made this again I'd make the tuck a box pleat, but it looks ok as it is (pain to sew though - had to turn the tension WAY down because it was so thick!).
Those two lines – “Don’t hold your breath/Don’t hold your life” – are Eric Peters’s Birds of Relocation in miniature, the whole of the work wrought small and swift that we might more readily take it in.[2] For life is the great theme of Birds of Relocation, soup to nuts. All over this magnificent work we see Eric snatching dead things from Ezekiel’s valley of dry bones and, with given breath, breathing new life into them.
Jack mistakenly believes that Babette wants to die first, as “she would feel unbearably sad and lonely” without him, but in fact her fear of death is far deeper and more crippling than his. So much so that it drives her to adultery in exchange for an experimental pharmaceutical drug called Dylar, thought to quell the anxiety, which in turn drives Jack to plot a murder. And thus the ostensibly happy familial union begins to unravel. This plot-line is juxtaposed with another of an airborn toxic threat, which sees the whole town evacuate for fear of annihilation. In weaving the two together, DeLillo compels the reader to confront the idea of death both relatively and intimately, a twist few other writers would chance on.
So much to do and all I want to do is zzzzzzzzz.........
He asked if I could ask Annika to be Mickes girlfriend for him.
Partial map of Prince's chambers, second floor of the country manor house.
I just wanted to say a big thank you to those of you who pop in here and to the new followers who have joined recently.
Please give us your feedback so we can learn what will best help you with your food storage.
7. And Celebrate!
my perception on this life I have
Luckily for me, the broken paving slab is more or less opposite my house, so I was able to nip in and slap an icepack on it. God help us if I'd been an old lady, or a child on a bike or skateboard. The property where the broken slab is, is a childrens nursery. This is a complete bloody disgrace. It is still damaged now. I just took the picture.
ACOPLADITOS
I can’t believe Christmas is less than two months away!
His legs bestrid the ocean: his rear’d arm
C’mon, I won’t bite. I promise.
Billy Wilder, the great Austrian-American filmmaker won, I think, seven Academy Awards. He also had great movies in almost as many film genres, including film noir (Double Indemnity, Sunset Boulevard), war (Five Graves to Cairo, Stalag 17), comedy (Some Like it Hot, The Apartment) and more. In short, he was quite a "storyteller."
Is to feel it–
successful date on their latest tour of Europe. On the Continent, The Legendary Pink Dots play to rapturous crowds ranging from healthy-sized to huge. In the past decade, they've released 11 albums through Play it Again Sam, and established themselves as a cult band in Europe and North America.
i think off season clothes storage for children is about one of the most daunting things to tackle. when the season's change and it's time to pull out those boxes of clothes, it takes me a whole day to rotate, switch out, try on, put away, sort and organize all the clothes. anyone with me here?
Any other ideas are more than welcome.
Anyway, I have a plan B. I did a little research on liposuction, I can get it done at Harley Street Clinic in London (highly recommended) for approx £3000, and they offer an interest free price plan over 12 months (so roughly £250 a month). It would be affordable but I can’t help thinking I’m doing this for the wrong reasons, I always feel that being thin will make me happy, but somehow I doubt it… maybe I need to find a way of seperating the two things and being happy no matter what size I am?
The next 3 months, through Christmas and into early Spring were full of rehearsals, learning lines and costume fittings. At least twice a week I entered this new world, where I felt good. It was a scary world but the challenge spurred me on. It filtered through to my normal life. People began to notice how much better I seemed. Only one person, my wife, knew how hard I was working and how important this challenge was for me. Despite the impact on our own precious time together, she, I think, sensed that this was helping to mend me. She quietly encouraged me, soothed my anxiety. Without her, I don’t know where I would have gone. Certainly none of my fellow actors were aware of my difficulties. But that was the beauty of it. At work, since my illness, people had tried to protect me, wrap me up like a baby. It could be suffocating.
Nobody else is home
Many thanks to Ellen for agreeing to be interviewed and here’s wishing her all the very best of luck and success in her ongoing authorial adventuring!
You know how I feel about this episode? Boom.
With no elected leadership, there arose a de facto leadership composed of whoever had the least time on their hands and could spend most time down at the camp.
Pei
We do not have to do it alone. Gods ideas are so much better than ours.
You might notice from the above link that it is being made to look as if the Eskenazis have themselves been discomfited by the expropriation, and are at loggerheads with the Argentine government. This is just typical smoke and mirrors from the people that Schopenhauer described as "the great masters of the lie".
Is this to be the future?
He mastered a sippy cup ages ago, as well, so his fluid intake stopped being a concern many moons ago, thank goodness. He can drink from an open cup with help, and he hasn’t yet mastered straw-drinking (but I haven’t pushed it very hard).
3. If you're planning a destination wedding, chances are you will organize at least one scouting trip to talk about food, decor and other elements. Make sure you meet your officiant at this time; maybe take them for a cup of coffee. Unlike your hometown priest, rabbi or minister, a destination officiant needs to get to know you in order to personalize your wedding. So don't be shy, share your stories!
and i'm thankful for Phil. 4
Filled with the life
she hunkers captivated, squints
I feel like I have found my home.
You were my sunbeam through the shower. If you must have selective memory of our interactions to sustain yourself and your life as is, forgetting much of what you felt and said to me, you must do what you think is best to continue your facade. I fault you not, for you do not see what God has presented to you as gift. We complete each others’ soul that possesses our two bodies. I will hope to see the ray of light again, if you choose to shine, instead of forget what we could be. You may choose to forget to survive…
This is one of their most unique. Twilight. It is a black jelly with multi coloured flakies in it. The flakies are similar to the ones in Hidden Treasure. This one needs 3 coats to get to full opacity, because it is a jelly. I have tried it over a layer of black, but I found I didn't get anywhere near the sincere awesomeness that shows through when you use three coats alone.
What an adventurous week of celebrating the beginning of the Christmas Season. The tree was up, lit, and decked-out the day after Thanksgiving. Like the last few years, the ornaments are heavy on the bottom, light on the top and back. Several batches of cookies have been baked, eaten, and given away. Festive songs and dances have filled any silent or still moment that arose.
One of the primary reasons this recipe is so rich and fudgy is that it contains both carob powder (Dutch process cocoa in the original) as well as unsweetened carob chips. It's a pretty easy recipe, and the most time consuming part of it is waiting for the mixture to chill before freezing it in the ice cream maker. That always takes too long for my taste, so it's best to make it before going to bed, so you can chill your soon-to-be vegan frozen delight over night.
At the front the main changes are to the front wing and its supporting pylons. These pylons have been extended in a similar manner to Renaults ideas from 2009-2010. Since 2009 the rules on vanes and bargeboards around the front of the car have been severely restricted. The rules mandate a limit on the cross sectional area for the front wing mounts, Ferrari have therefore extended their wing mounts, but also narrowed them. Thus meeting the rules and still providing the car with some aero advantage.
Kate figures things out way too fast, almost faster than Blair (Wilford Brimley in Carpenter’s flick). It got to the point where I thought the character had read the script and was picking the right times to tell everyone what was going on.
So often, I'm not sure what to get my mom-in-law -- someone who has everything -- but what grandma doesn't enjoy photos of her pride and joy? Especially if it's lovingly made with tender cropping care? :)
I hired a babysitter. A local college student. She came and spent a Saturday evening with my son so I could go out on a date. There was no screaming, no raging, he didn't even try to bite me about it! Major progress!
This past weekend we (meaning "he") took the shadowbox apart and put cork board in place of all the other stuff! I hung it back up in my son's room with some of his memorabilia pinned to it using the darts.
I've seen it suggested that people like me need to eat healthy, excercise, spend time meditating, go through therapy etc..etc... instead of taking medication. They blame society. They say that we pathologize symptoms that are a direct result of the society that we live in rather than an actual illness. If I let it, it could make me wonder if I am an idiot for believing that I am bipolar and it could make me feel like I am taking medication in lieu of doing what I really need to do. My medication is seen as an avoidance.
I know, right? Whoa.
The main purpose of the challenge is to write poems, but Robert will also choose his favourite poems of the month from poets who submit up to 5 poems by May 5 to his e-mail address (robert.brewer@fwmedia.com) with the subject line: My April PAD Submission. He will make selections by August 8, and they’ll be announced on his blog.
After a $51 million opening weekend, Iron Man went on to gross more than $300 million at the domestic box office. Its release kicked off a summer packed with super-hero movies, including the big-screen returns of the Incredible Hulk, Batman and Hellboy.
5. Bake about 45 minutes, until a toothpick inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean.
"It's a disgrace" they said.
I just saved myself a good $20 at the greenhouse.
I. (fit to and awake)
Lemon Curd
Rather than a quick, rock music-themed montage or opening voice over, the samurai meet one another in scene after scene, and we get to know each character. The story unfolds rather than rushing. It gives time for the personalities to be established well before any action. It's got some swearing (not too bad, but words like "bastard" and "hell" and "ass"--enough to get Nate tittering). At least he had to keep reading to keep up. It's got a gentle love story. It has sequence after sequence of non-computer generated action. The blueprints for Yoda and Obi Wan Kenobi are in this movie.
(2) NR Euro are Non-Resident European depositors
Mission: Impossible – Ghost Protocol
Is the one that I drag around with me
Challenge #24 will be announced on this blog in just 8 hours time. Be sure to pop by then!
I try. And I have difficulty with it. But I haven't given up yet. That may pay off. If I can accept the good stuff and be prepared for it. Luckily, I don't have the compulsion to criticize others and expect them to live how I think I would live if I were they. Doesn't mean I don't observe, grade drivers as I travel and note those who cannot grasp what a true jam is.
dearest mae.
Now I would also suggest, in accordance with the law of attraction that you begin and end each with 10 minutes of visualizing not just following through on that first point but all the way through each point until you achieve your goal. But visualization are not cure for actually getting starting and doing it right now.
A whale-watcher is being criminally prosecuted merely for lying about whistling at a whale. But former New Jersey Governor Jon Corzine, a big Obama booster who "stole" $1.2 billion, is not being prosecuted, despite his investment firm's massive diversion of funds from client trust accounts, a crime that Corzine "personally" ordered.
I was originally thinking I would blog about this journey here, but soon realized it needs its own space, so I have started a new blog called Home Sweet Hive, and just published my first post. In building a new physical structure, I will be simultaneously build a virtual structure for it. I hope you'll check it out.
Have you tried this foundation?
I don’t remember much after that, except that we didn’t keep the dog.
through exclusive
Our challenge from Bonnie this week, was to use 3 different photos and one of her textures (glorious free to use – DO try them!), to create an abstract of our own… Here’s my before with the pics and texture layer I used:
In the last decade, the National Consortium of Academic Health Centers for Integrative Medicine, which was formed to promote and support integrative medicine in medical schools, has ballooned from eight member institutions to 51. That list includes top academic names, like Harvard University, Johns Hopkins and the Mayo Clinic.
and even after making the trip into town to buy a new cable and change it over...
exactly precise - I am trying to kick a few of my Type-A tendencies :o)
If you are one of those girls who had such an easy breezy time being a new mom, this isnt for you. Also, I respect those girls who have ten thousand kids one after another and always have a smile.
Grapevine Issue 11 on Friday, July 28, 2006
Damp and foggy.
Best mood ever today!
Stir until smooth then pour into cake tin.
Rose Sees Red by Cecil Castellucci
That’s not to say the cookies weren’t 100% delicious. The roomies took most of them camping and they were devoured with rave reviews brought back along with the crumbs. The rest I brought up to my sister’s place and when I went to grab one of the few left the following day I got a lecture about indian giving. Is that even a PC term anymore? What am I supposed to say? A “degifter” a la Seinfeld? A reneger? I don’t know.
I know I collected tadpoles as a kid but I have to say I can’t ever remember scooping frogspawn into jars and carrying it home nor can I remember any of my tadpoles ever surviving long enough to turn into frogs.
But you didn’t. So shut your mother-fucking pie hole about this and go and make sure you actually vote next time.
Alright, so I get to have a contest (actually I have more then one and – if you can find them all – you can enter them all) for a free book because I have a piece in it!
Has there ever been a time when this nation has been so led, so very exploited, perhaps in the war against Germany, a war not solely against a nation but against the very idea of sovereignty, of autonomy, of nation, as opposed to supranationalism and the enslavement of the body-politic. Yet even back then when internationalist forces battled to control our continent, was such control used and such manipulation exercised, today of course again traditional nationalists find themselves a minority, shouting a warning amidst the howling of the automatons, those brought to life to serve a cause they know little or nothing about, they exist only to hate and that is all.
The earliest mention of him describes him as a King of the Tuatha de Danann and the master of many arts. Later stories refer to him as the god of all skills and relate many stories about these skills. Still later, because of the harvest festival and games that were held at his order, he became associated primarily with the harvest.
...allowing some of the day's stress to melt away, and reassuring me that I could still make art, even if it was only a little.
from the desire of being extolled,
“Get thee behind me, Satan; thou art an offence unto me; for thou savourest not the things that be of God, but those that be of men.”
Perseus could care less that he has gifts from the gods here, whereas in old Clash, the awesome sword/shield/helmet/BUBOTHEMIGHTY gifts were all cherished and came in handy in their own ways.
In order to succeed, one needs successful organisation, craft, and marketing. Randy only applies these concepts to the art of fiction writing, but I believe that the tenets can be placed with a wider scope. For any venture to succeed, one would need these three keys in abundance. The greatest author in the world would not be successful if she does not organise the time to write, the best song in the world would never be heard by the world if it was not marketed, The most talented sculptor in the world would never be known unless he masters his craft. In order to succeed, I would need to organise my life to a hitherto unknown level, I would need to sharpen my craft to a knife’s edge, I would need to learn to market myself completely. It stands to reason that I would need all three these keys in order to succeed.
” Our obsession with white skin must be the by-product of that. Did anyone commit any sin to get brown, yellow, black skin?”
Two British traffic patrol officers from North Berwick were involved in an unusual incident, while checking for speeding motorists on the A-1 Great North Road .
There ya go! This is exactly right. Main character, and her problem. The only thing we're missing here are the stakes. What happens if she fails?
Our manifesto declares that we'd like more women to rule the stage. This is not just some token declaration, we actually think that since only half of mankind feels free to turn them amplifiers on, there must be great rock 'n' roll resources still untapped. Today we obviously only have half the rock 'n' roll we could have had and we want that to change! We want more madness, more noise, more amazing songs to shake our asses to and we want it badly!
2 Tbs veg. oil
My gripes are the same as last year: not enough info on the beers and not enough brewers around to with whom to chat. In fact the server at Prodigal Son was serving their wheat beer which is amazing and perfect for those hot sunny Pendleton days, but she thought she was serving their pale ale. Ooops. (At first I thought it was the most wildly radical rethinking of a pale until I realized what must have happened)
At the center of the building, where the two main corridors intersected, was a rotunda, topped with a skylight. Since the floor plan was repeated on the second, mezzanine level with broad hallways with huge windows and doorways at each end, this rotunda served as a vast flue, sucking up the hot air from the interior. (The rotunda was closed up when the hotel was outfitted with air conditioning in the 1940s.)
That’s no true. I know I’m good. I always have. And I constantly fight for something brilliant to appear. I want praise. Acceptance. Smiles. Money. I’m human. I want to be recognized. But more than it all, I want to be happy.
opinion, from either a PR agency or a company. Regardless, I only recommend products or services I use personally and believe will be good for my readers. I am disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commission's 16 CFR, Part 255: " Guides concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising. You can also go here and read my PR Polices.
Normally you would have to follow a link or type in the web address to view our site. Well once you type in www.bearbottomproductions.wordpress.com You will come to our homepage, obviously. There are several buttons next to where the web address is. You have the back, forward, bookmark and export (square with arrow going to the right) buttons. If you click on the export button options come up. Click on the Add to Home Screen button. Enter the desired name for the icon. I recommend just deleting the P and leaving Bear Bottom. Click Add in the upper right of that box. You will now have an icon on your Home Screen just like an app.
There is some Yummy Blog Candy too! Erica from http://mycricutcraftroom.blogspot.com/ is generously giving away the Spring Cottage Cricut Cartridge! All you have to do is visit and comment on all the blogs! Easy Peasy! (Winner Announced Tues April 3rd)
encountering the NOVA
Though it is an amusing experience, do not expect an award-winning theatrical play. The entire show is built upon audience participation, as the circular arena is divided into different colors, while each section represents a pirate, whom you are to root for through out its entirety. The acting is mediocre, since there’s not much acting involved – more play fighting as the actors, a cast of about 10 people, jump, climb, slide, tumble, and swing around the set, which you might have already guessed, is a pirate ship.
I say yes to all of the above.
The other change in China was the deletion of the slots in the small cascade winglet. The slots would have reduced the strength of the vortex produced by the winglet, removing the slots will have increased them. This change will be made in order to direct a stronger airflow around the inside face of the front wheel.
98. Midnight Chior -- The Gatlin Brothers
68Too soon they taught me 'twas no sin to love.
Quickly she gathered up some fire in her hands, looking for a target to throw her fire at. But before she could launch it, something heavy struck her on the back of her head, causing her to fall to the ground, blacking out.
Here are the close ups.
The Nation’s Favourite Uncle
She was like a field marshal in her execution of our duties. “Hail, Hail, Freedonia!” was the picture that came to mind.
Me "ok ok were both mad just stop."
For those interested in the many twists and turns of David's career, here's a list of credits I compiled back in 2006:
The late Alabama Governor George Wallace got it right several generations ago: On the real issues, there “isn’t a dime’s bit of difference between the Democratic and Republican Parties. . . .“
- all other card and papers came from the snippets folder
In the 10+ years we’ve been in Afghanistan, it doesn’t seem like we’ve made much progress. This is in no way to disparage “the troops”, because I would say the failure is due much more to planning, strategy, and politics, not due to the failure of our soldiers. It’s time to let history take over, and what happens in Afghanistan happens in Afghanistan. I know this may be harsh to say, because we went in and caused a problem, but the Afghans have been having problems for decades, and it doesn’t seem like anything we do – positive or negative – tends to have a lasting affect. People are going to get killed once we leave, but WE are responsible for the deaths of thousands of civilians anyway. We should focus on humanitarian efforts, and completely pull out militarily.
It’s been a while since Jen & I have written in our blog. Jen & I have entered into a season of fundraising for our upcoming ministries at the Claremont Colleges & UC Irvine, respectively. It has been an exciting time of learning to trust God for provision as well as a time of visioning and hoping for the students of our campuses.
me limbering up, seeking greater flexibility
If you notice your trimmer or chain saw will not start or refuses to start quickly when cold or warm you may have a fuel problem.
Written by W. Kemp
I don't want you to panic and think...OMG I cannot write a story...this is going to be a series of short conversations between 2 people, grammar and composition is not important.
This is way too much fun. Seriously, can you tell I have a problem with textiles? I think I'll continue this little exercise on Monday with another few fabric combos. Have a great weekend! We're off to Boston for Baby Shower North. The last trip we'll be making as a twosome and sans Baby and likely the last time I'll see Boston for at least 6-8 months :(
HOME IMPROVEMENTS ... repainting, regrouting, replacing some carpet with timber laminate floors, reroofing the cubby house, starting a vegie patch. I can picture it so well, if only it could be done as easily as dreaming about it, but somehow I think it'll take more than a month to finish :(
A great way to kick start your personal style is to have one or two pieces that you wear on a regular basis, a kind of signature piece. They become part of you, and trust me, you can get quite attached to a piece of clothing.
He could see it drifting, quite still, next to the fireplace. It was hard to move now, as the water was up to his chest.
Catch up… Today is Saturday; it is actually a fairly fun day today! Emily-Jane’s school has its annual summer fare today and we definitely attended. Kerry was attending to the bouncy castle with Claudia’s mummy attending to the bouncy slide, Emily-Jane wished to go on them both a couple of times until we had to try and distract her to try something else, like the lucky dip perhaps? No! That didn’t work, she did have a go on the dice game with Dec and win a box of chocolate fingers and Dec won himself a box of Cadburys miniature heroes (he also won a jar of pasta sauce on the tombola)
safe and free
Mr.G. asked me to look after a pocket lamp as he couldn't see nothing. Which I did. Mr. G. took the lamp and pointed it to the white spot. It was our cat Arthur. He was sitting there, and just meauwing a whole opera. Mr. G. started swearing (in italian of course or fortunately) in his descreet Pavarotti voice. It was past midnight and the neighbors probably all slept happily and hopefully not unhappily. (amazing how the letters U N can change a whole sentence !)
Once or twice before,
- Reagan’s orange bitters
The summary continues, “Textbook errors identified in the report range from egregiously false historical statements to significant omissions and subtle half-truths. Some are blatant and obvious, others are subtle and deceptive. The errors in these textbooks are not grammatical or typographical. They are substantive, significant and often repetitive.”
Me: Or Bruce Jenner.
Showcase of solidarity
I am a BIG, BIG fan of Mo Willems. I am. So I was so excited to read Hooray for Amanda & Her Alligator. I was happy to discover six (and a half) stories about a little girl, Amanda, and her best friend, a stuffed toy alligator. It was wonderful to see how many stories highlight Amanda's love for reading. Willems' shares with readers the titles of Amanda's library books: How to Raise a Tiger, Whale Songs for Beginners, Climbing Things for Fun and Profit, and You Can Make It Yourself: Jet Packs! (I thought the titles were clever--my favorites being Climbing Things for Fun and Profit and You Can Make It Yourself: Jet Packs!) The stories are just fun and imaginative and--at times--sweet.
If the movie does well, more will be made. Joyce spent twenty years perfecting his THE GUARDIANS OF CHILDHOOD series, making it encompass picture books, novels, and now, movies.
and I’m not sure she liked me all that much.
In a typical modern birth, the release of natural oxytocin is replaced by an intravenous drip of synthetic oxytocin, while an epidural analgesia is a substitute for the physiological systems of protection against labour pain, particularly the release of endorphins. Until now pharmacological assistance in childbirth has been based on a simplistic principle, which is hormonal replacement. Even if, in the near future, the basic needs of labouring women are universally accepted, and even if non-pharmacological methods for facilitating the physiological processes develop, one cannot imagine the end of pharmacological assistance in childbirth.
I just shook my head when I heard about this. Being divorced myself, I could not imagine doing this to a partner. I asked her, “Didn’t he ever notice anything odd?”
Our English guests had it around mid morning with a cup of tea, and then kept creaming off sections until it looked like this. It is both cake and mousse, with a rich-as-a-truffle interior, and a seriousness that stops it feeling too indulgent. It’s not a “naughty” cake. It’s too volcanically strong and direct for that. This is my answer to all those American cupcakes I’ve sampled over the years, that are the equivalent to eating sparkly Pollyfilla. If I’m going down, I’m taking a damp, tannic wedge of chocolate marmalade slump cake with me, and you can keep your red velvet sprinkled doodahs for another day.
All good things are wild, and free.
Ultimately Marty Nodell becomes art associate on the book with Vol 7, #30 (Jan/50) and contributed a ton of cartoon illustrations. He kept the position, at least via the credit pages, until Vol 7, #35 (Sept/50). Here is his credit in Vol 7, #31 (Feb/50):
I'll be incorporating a lot of Smoking Lily pieces from their sale last month, but I actually decided to do a cohesive colour theme this time around, to see how that would go. I picked blue, olive and red (with a few pieces of black). The blouse is silk and was $15.00 - wow! What a deal!
Ten years. Now that we are in college together, I know that we can make it for life.
EK Success Retro Flower Paper Punch (5 punch for each rose)
Ah mornings, I love them!
Blog day 2: Saturday our hospital...Samaritan Regional Health System...celebrated 100yrs. serving the Ashland community. It's a heritage that was started by one man's vision of the Good Samaritan and his desire to build a hospital to bring good health care to it's residents. It was not only a hospital but also a nursing school that ran for many years and closed in 1974. Most of the nurses that worked here were from that nursing school and a few still remain...like my boss! It's changed with the times and grown into an award winning facility. We were just ranked in the top 100 hospitals in the United States. Not bad!
still nothing.
Until I heard a car approaching.
So what do you think would be the best policy for me to adopt? I will run the poll until Saturday, but please note I won’t necessarily be bound by the result.
Gutters are an important part of your home. It is important that they are working correctly. If they are not, then you need to look into gutter services.
Now to give you some context my nephews name is Otis, and he attended a rather trendy city primary school, chock full of Oliver's, Mika's, India's, and I believe at least one Tarquin. As you can imagine my sister was intrigued to know what an Otis would possibly think of as a "funny" name.....
Even though their results are not sufficient enough to draw conclusions, Warner said there’s enough evidence for him and his team to continue to search for answers. The next step would be for them to create an experimental study of their own.
We did get snow--and it was really exciting. However, we took a trip to Ruidoso, New Mexico--way up in the mountains, where there was even more beautiful snow. If you'll look closely, you'll see that Hannah Grace couldn't seem to keep her footing in the snowy mountains--making it really difficult for me to get a family picture. Our vacation was a lot of fun, but mostly much needed "chill time" we spent a lot of time in our pj's playing games and just hanging out (also pictured above).
Not but in a few pockets of the state (like up around Reelfoot Lake and off the Mississippi to the north), and certainly not like this. And absolutely not in this state’s largest cities.
Today, if you were to ask someone if they really know themselves, if you ask them who they really are, you’re bound to get any number of answers. A persons name. Their physique. Their compulsions or complexes. Their career. What they’re consumed with. Their favorite activities or foods. Who they are when their angry or content or passionate or when they make love. But this is mainly just the description of an animal–surviving and pleasing themselves. No, you have to know who you are beyond all of these things, and that reality comes from a deep inward knowing.
"Melted crayon art crafts...I bet we could do that pretty easily..."
nor he-goats out of your pens;
The ribbons on the hymnals fluttering in the breeze ...
Now, however, I have decided that my previous quiet approach was not enough. I think another reason that we cooperate with Elsevier is simply that it is embarrassing not to. If I’m asked to referee a paper for an Elsevier journal and I am clearly an appropriate choice of referee, then refusing to do it feels like a criticism of the editor who has asked me, who may well be somebody I know. It also feels like shirking my duty and slightly letting down the authors, who may well also be people I know.
The event was to start at 2PM on Wednesday. I arrived near 2:30PM to folks staring at a parking lot of Cessnas – not really prime WWII airplane viewing conditions.
Who knew there was so much sugar in stir fry sauces. No wonder they taste so good.
According to the results 17 of us crossed the line in exactly 43 minutes. Some deadheat!!
First there was the Rumble In The Jungle, then there was the Thriller In Manila, and last night it was The Shock At The Rock. Following months of exciting anticipation, the Rock Tavern, Upper Edge, Elland, last night witnessed the final weigh-in in the slimming contest between two stalwarts of the Darts and Dominoes team, Jack (left) and Dave (right). For weeks rumours had been circulating about the weight-loss techniques being used by the pair - was that Jack who had been seen almost living down in the steam room at Elland Baths, was Dave making use of tapeworms for more than just bait for his fishing?
So when I first arrived in Seoul, pocket flush with cash and friends in tow, twenty somewhat years later, I could hardly contain my excitement. Rumors about this whole country (or two) that bared the same label as I did had been flooding my ears since I first arrived in America ten years ago. I had met people. They looked like me, with the same pale round faces, high cheek bones and strange hairlines that baffled the Chinese. I almost believed in the legends of a proud country existed full of Koreans then but I still had doubts. I wanted to see it all for myself.
Not only did I want pumpkin pancakes today, but I wanted those pumpkin pancakes to be oatmeal pancakes. I know I know just a few small demands. Well remember those Applesauce Oatmeal Pancakes I feel in love with? The ones from this post? Well my thought was why couldn't I sub in pumpkin puree for the applesauce? They both have the same consistency, and would not change the nutritional stats of the pancakes at all! And you know what that crazy idea worked! This morning I was happily munching on delicious pumpkin pancakes with a pumpkin yogurt topping!
As part of their defense, Riedwaan had planned testimony from an children’s NGO worker who took this video footage. The footage (video 1), shows Riedwaan (in a white t-shirt and blue hat) attempting to calm down angry residents about 10 seconds before the police opened fire.
Atleast I am prepared for the festivities this year,
but i too am contented merely meditating on an uncarved stone
“I was particularly disappointed that Michael Jackson died before I was able to finish turning him into the alien that crawls out of the mother ship at the end of Close Encounters,” he told The Anvil. “When I have a patient who has money yet is clearly mentally disturbed, I want to turn that patient into the freakazoid he dreams of becoming.”
And to top it off, a home made scrumptious pork bun…
What is the real Brooklyn? Osman tells us that it might be that question itself that needs to be questioned.
Now why you ask would I be writing about this?
Flirting With Disaster (Dean Silvers, producer)
Plus: Frank and John have an intense discussion on the legalization of gay marriage in New York State, which was announced during the show... the Left never says let's end the war on poverty, only morph and expand the programs created to fight this "war," mostly destroying the nuclear family in the process.... Obama's failed attempt to tax and spend ourselves into prosperity... John is glad the Republicans have walked out of the budget talks.... Orientals have replaced African-Americans in New York City.... Blacks face racial realities when going back to the South.... John Huntsman is just another RINO, and John shows that Huntsman is no Ronald Reagan.... Canada makes up a new multicultural history for itself to erase its European origins.... Watching the gay pride parade is like a flashback to Soddom and Gomorah.... your phone calls at 718.761.9996 and much more.
find me
But most importantly we want the affirmation of our Father. Every child craves the approval of their parents, particularly from our father. It’s built into us. There are moments in each child’s life when they can remember their father giving them praise for something they did and it has stuck in their memory.
I'll be interested to see it, if the answer is more than one.
Print a page with a Valentine's greeting or poem if you are so inclined- or just a simple " Be my Valentine".
"Close your right eye, keep your left eye on the target...and when you're ready, let me know" he coughed into his tartan hanky, wiped his nose and scrunched it back into his vest "ready?"
In 1777 Adam Weishaupt joined the Masonic lodge of Theodore of Good Counsel in Munich, Germany. Not only did he implant his views into the lodge, he was able to absorb, almost immediately, the entire lodge into the Illuminati order. As the Illuminati absorbed itself into Freemasonry, the public view was as if it has disappeared entirely. What most likely happened was that Freemasonry became one of the inner circles of the Illuminati. It is also important again to realize that not all masons or members of secret groups are “bad” or worship Lucifer (bearer of light – first light = venus).
The Golden Notebook by Doris Lessing
“The internet gives it reach and scope,” said Bettison. “The big bad wolf is still the Al- Qaeda threat. But my people are knocking over right-wing extremists quite regularly. We are interdicting it so that it doesn’t first emerge into the public eye out of a critical incident like an explosion.”
Meanwhile, preheat oven to 375 F. Once they've risen, brush the tops of the rolls with half of the melted butter. Bake for 15-18 minutes or until golden in color. Transfer the baking sheet to a wire rack and brush the tops of the rolls with the remaining butter. Let cool.
Ten years after her debut, Jones is ideally positioned for the subtle sonic makeover she undergoes on Little Broken Hearts. Written and recorded with Burton, who as producer gives the album a sonic edge that never overwhelms its star, Little Broken Hearts sounds like Norah Jones without bearing much resemblance to the work that once got her pegged as the world's most commercially dominant jazz star. Trafficking in alternately sweet and icy singer-songwriter pop, it's a reinvention, but not a radical one.
2. Is it all-inclusive? This criterion doesn’t apply because I’m taking a single belief out of context. But this single belief will influence what I am willing to tell people about myself.
Chris: 2.6
At the moment I’m very interested in songs that my daughter Jess writes and I absolutely love being involved with her projects and seeing her blossom into an amazing songwriter/ artist.
So often in life, especially in this American culture we live in, we all too quickly establish a sense of entitlement to most things we enjoy in our lives. Unless we have had to work really really hard for them, we grow numb to the reality that they are all a gift from God.
Patrick Bateman: Their early work was a little too new wave for my tastes, but when Sports came out in '83, I think they really came into their own, commercial and artistically. The whole album has a clear, crisp sound, and a new sheen of consummate professionalism that really gives the songs a big boost. He's been compared to Elvis Costello, but I think Huey has a far much more bitter, cynical sense of humor.
But on June 9, 2011, Camping, age 89 at the time, suffered a stroke which affected his verbal communication.
Ah yes, COPS. I have a very soft spot when it comes to FOX’s 2nd longest running show, and the worlds longest running reality show! If its not drug busts, high speed chases or tracking down some dangerous criminals, COPS would have been cancelled a long time ago. However, COPS has done some special episodes over the years, Riding along with officers from Hong Kong, the US Border Patrol, London England, and of course, the Mardis Gras epsiodes that ran for nearly an entire season. I say, anyone who watch’s COPS most likely will have a new appreciation for the dangers that these men and women put themselves through to keep the general public safe. Its despicable that anyone, mostly people between 15-24 have hatred towards the police, when its their sworn duty to keep us safe.
What else? Well, I’m going to my sister’s for the weekend which should be nice, minus, I hope, the anxiety. But again I will ask for Clonazepam to take in case I need it and there’s still quite a lot of Amaretto to be drunk (drank!?) on Friday night. It’s all planned out. Gotta let your hair down sometimes! I know that it’s not a good idea to drink so much with the meds, so I will keep to my limits and behave myself. I think.. Haha. Not really funny but what’s the point of living if you can’t have a little bit of a nice time now and again!?
We are to imagine the ripples on the surface of the loch.
whether it's just the two of you...
I first caught on with Lily when I saw a photo of her circa 2007, back when I used to read fashion blogs every single day. It was the “alien model” era, when models like Gemma Ward, Lily Donaldson, and Jessica Stam ruled the covers of Vogue simply by looking like they’re from another universe (this was followed by the short-lived “feline model” era which was basically the same look but with a bit more meow). I remember it was a snapshot of her with her back ribs showing and I thought, “Omygod she’s so cool!” That’s when it started.
The mother’s last words to the Afrikaner policeman were “Thank the Lord that you care for us and that we can hide with you…’’ Alice Lotter died shortly after her arrival at hospital, her daughter Helen died several days later. Hlongwane, 22 and his co-accused Joseph Khumalo, 21 had denied all the charges.
The last few chapters were really fantastic. Christopher defines holy sexuality. He tears a part the gay rationalization. He finally realizes that, “The more I studied the Bible, the more I learned that loving God was not how I felt or what I thought…Knowing and loving God, both, are all about obedience.”
“Should we let it go?” He turned and asked Roland.
I want to cross out ventilating.
- Siobhan pledges to use GLA land to create a fixed price housing market, and also harnessing private capital to get more homes built. Also, she will focus on ensuring empty or derelict homes are brought back into use.
Schedule: May 14 to October 12, 2012
As promised, another post about Berlin. I have several coming. You will get so bored you'll hate Berlin and me because I made you hate an amazing city as Berlin! Actually this one is set in Potsdam. I was wearing new pastel pants and a bright salmon scarf (bought in Istanbul). I really like this look, fits spring very well, I think.
Giann F. Gamboa, 26, New York, N.Y.
2 probably
Jessica Sanchez is probably relaxing after avoiding elimination on Thursday night during American Idol. A chance to regroup before doing it all over again next week with the Top 4 battling out once again. Jessica serenades the crowd performing a Tina Turner rendition of ” Proud Mary ” that surely makes Tina Turner be proud of her. And a heart warming rendition of ” You Are So Beautiful To Me” song by Joe Cocker on Wednesday night.
The second parameter is the type of animation and direction, since the disclosure icon is at the right side of the screen, it’s natural to have the screen slide in from right to left.
Things have been much harder this time. I'm six hours further than I was the other times. I had a much harder time finding a job. And even when I did, I was miserable going to work a good chunk of the time. But something was different. Even though things were awful, I still got up and did what I needed to do.
So many insiders are defecting that many, if not most of these explosives will hopefully be located and neutralized in advance – if they haven’t already been.
Cervejaria Sudbrack Ltda Eisenbahn S.A.P.A. (South American Pale Ale)
Or stand in between
So for anyone who keeps track of Melbourne's weather forecast, you would have heard about the massive storms that swamped us on Christmas Day. There was plenty of damage done, some things we are still just discovering now. We still have to have someone go up on our roof to assess the tiles.
KIDS across Salford could grow up in a world without ice cream and burger vans.
Must say he's not winning any awards for his speech.
And now, I give you the pièce de résistance in creepy robotics…the Robot Girlfriend. She is designed to smile at you, converse with you, laugh at all of your lame jokes, and…oh yeah…blink. Apparently, if a robot doesn’t blink, it freaks people out a little too much; they find it extremely uncanny. So, this one has been programmed to blink so as not to alarm you.
This fact would probably not cause me such grief if I were able to wear the clothing I preferred every day for the rest of eternity. Mesh shorts and an oversized t-shirt. Of course, if the rest of eternity is cooler than Iowa right now, I will be donning baggy sweatpants and a hooded sweatshirt.
In the beginning we called ourselves “The Twinn Brothers”. But one evening in rehearsal I came up with "Connection", and Bob Cessna - our manager and my life partner - came up with the "x" in "Connexion".
Hi everyone! You will notice that today's winners announcement is being made on a Sunday rather than the traditional Thursday...this leads me to talk about some changes that I'm making to the challenge that I hope you all will like.
When a material is heated from solid to liquid to gas phase, and then even hotter, it starts to become ionized, i.e. one or more electrons of an atom become liberated. Plasma is essentially a collection of ionized particles and while in its simplest form it behaves according to basic electromagnetic laws, at its most complex it continues to astonish specialists in its ability to self-organize into cells with different electrical characteristics.
Conspiracy theory: could it be that the new ‘seven-member group’ is actually a five-member group, with two of these tarts as the threatened additions to T-ara?
1 gollum
266. Mom’s Mac & Cheese w/ Black Dog Hot Sauce @ Home (Phoenixville, PA) 2:26 p.m.
Why worry, be anxious, doubt or fear?
A Christmas Carol (1951) ... TCM ... 8 PM
By 1998, when he wrote for Eagle Times, he was "still working" but had retired from commercial work projects, dividing his time between painting and exhibiting, assisting his wife with her business and indulging his favourite hobby: maintaining and running a number of classic cars. Bruce was one of the Eagle Society's special guests at the Grail Centre, Pinner for our 13th Annual Dinner in 1999. More recently he had been persuaded to contribute a number of 'Dan Dare' themed painted illustrations to Spaceship Away, including the one shown above.
My younger brother, then fifteen, plowed (accidentally, I swear) into Tad's Volvo backing out in my dad's maroon Chevy truck on our long driveway while blaring Aerosmith's 'Monkey on my Back.'
I doubt that he knows me,
As much as some would like to see penal substitution in play here, the notion of direct substitution, and the outpouring of God’s wrath for sin, is not found in the text of Leviticus. These features have been placed onto the text by understanding the text through the shape of the penal substitutionary atonement model, and its own shades of meaning through metaphor.
Charlie says he has to leave for Cleveland in forty-eight hours but he’ll do what he can while he’s there. Now he wants to know why Tommy’s there instead of at University. He doesn’t get a real answer. Birmingham comes back for his fare and the trio is complete.
The recording of the song made the charts in 1972, released on Penny Farthing Records (above). It features the entire Chelsea squad of the day on what we could loosely term “lead vocals”. They recorded it ahead of their appearance in the League Cup Final… which they then lost to Stoke City.
The IPKat believes that more guidance is needed from the European Court of Justice as to whether, and when, goods that are manifestly different from another can be regarded as similar because they are so complementary to one another. Wine glasses and wine are entirely different in their physical qualities, yet they are frequently found together and, unless you are the sort of person who prefers to drink his wine out of a plastic cup, the chances are that you will use a wine glass. But does this complementary quality make goods similar for trade mark purposes? Merpel says, I wonder what the Community trade mark applicant would say if Wedgewood Waterford were to apply to register the trade mark STELLENBOSCH WATERFORD for its glass products?
All this takes place to a basso profundo of feminist cheerleading. Wolf’s op-ed in the Guardian praised the uninhibited sexual “self-expression” of the four female leads in Sex and the City, especially the 40-something Samantha (hitting 50 in the 2008 movie), who, during the six seasons that the series ran, racked up nearly as many sex partners (41) as her three coleads combined—and Carrie, Miranda, and Charlotte were no slouches themselves in the quickie department. “Did not thousands of young women . . . breathe a sigh of relief or even liberation watching Samantha down another tequila, unrepentantly ogle the sex god at the end of the bar, and get richer and more beautiful with age, with no STDs or furies pursuing her?,” Wolf gushed.
We were officially sans power. And I didn't stress it because I knew the whole town was out and figured someone was on the case. So we made cool cocktails and chatted about the South before A/C. And we walked the dog and scouted the neighborhood. And grilled out burgers, all while making jokes about camping.
As is usually the case when I get home from my Modern Quilt Guild meetings, I was wound up and ready to sew. After sketching a quick overlay to loosely plan my color blocking, I started cutting, piecing and trimming strips of fabric.
ABC Crafts
The most recent use of the “R” word for its backside covering properties is the case of Lee Jasper, when the media started to ask questions about what had happened to hundreds of thousand of pounds of London taxpayers' money supposedly given to various black or Asian groups. According to Lee Jasper, and many others, including Ken Livingstone, the very act of asking the question was racist, to require accountability, or indeed any proper accounts from black organizations was racist, indeed anyone who did not automatically assume total propriety on the part of black politicians or black companies were self evidently racist.
“It’s a delicate balance, because when you get to a certain level of success, there is a danger that what you then do is directed by money.” It depends on who you work with, she says, and whether there are pressures from managers or record companies.“We’re still just trying to figure out how the music business works. It’s such a jungle, it’s hard to figure out where you stand. We’re just taking a few months at a time, and that’s all we can do. We all have our separate lives – Maria has a baby, Hildur is expecting in October – so there are no long-term plans. It’s all so hard to predict.”
The one final thing that spoke volumes was her final statement:
Karen's blog is one of my favorites--personable, fun, heartfelt. Lately, it's filled with all things mermaid with the upcoming release of her debut, TANGLED TIDES.
As soon as a person begins to show tumultuous interest as a seeker, his/her Inner Guides would constantly communicate to him/her, in face to face mode, many messages as his/her body sleeps. S/he is pulled up the higher EMF, inside safe havens, where the Guides can communicate more safely.
...a chocolate festival. Or, more aptly, a chocolate scrum. The thing is, thousands of people mill around the Royal Festival Hall on a sunny day in search of something, anything, to do that doesn’t involve listening to chamber music. So any little market that sets up around the back is pounced upon by everyone and their niece faster than a cheetah in Nikes, especially if it starts handing out free chocolate.
Now imagine your life without them. This is exactly why we are so careful to love. Because when we love a person, we put ourselves at risk of getting hurt. We are desperately afraid of loving each other and we hold ourselves back, because we know that as soon as we give in, there is the potential for suffering. It is a natural inclination for us to avoid injury, both physically and emotionally. Studies show that when people suffer a loss, or when a couple ends a relationship, their bodies undergo the same physical reactions as an addict going through withdrawal. It is biology’s way of telling us “human relationships are important too. Be careful.” The argument could be made that it is self-preservation that keeps us from loving freely.
-the Japanese extermination plan: poisonous smoke, poisons, drowning, decapitation…total annihilation without a trace
PS I won’t defriend you if you comment sharing a different viewpoint. I value the ability to debate issues in a rational manner.
It's been hard to write...anything. With some "writers block" and the nearly insurmountable disappointment with things we have been seeing and hearing in the United States news...we're taking a couple of days off (that's the plan anyway).
- sleep through the night (or wake up once around 11 pm for your milk bottle)
In this book, Tonika escorts you into other worlds and dimensions, explaining her own remarkable experiences with the paranormal, embracing past life regression, ghosts, angel and spirit guides. She also encourages you along your own journey of self-recovery and understanding. A journey in which you can discover your own connection with the Universe and the many different dimensions contained within Creation.
An abortion clinic worker with a special heritage is enlisted to help prevent two rogue angels from re-entering Heaven and thus undoing the fabric of reality. Along the way, she is aided by 2 prophets and the 13th Apostle, with whom she must stop those who stand in their way and prevent the angels from entering Heaven.
This contract put a pressure to make a full album, this was in 1998. I finished a full album with 3 vocalists. The record was released in Iceland, France and Korea in 2000 and did quite well. After that I took a break and worked on production for other artists, film and TV music, had a everyday radio show, made some TV shows, etc... I have been involved with many various thing in my life. I like to mix work, not only do music.
For the first time in an age, I’m Into a book. I’ve got that particular feeling – a strange, dazed sort of weightlessness that is instantly recognisable, but so rare nowadays. And it’s brilliant to have it back.
PLEASE VIEW THIS BEAUTY called DARK FLAMENCO, LARGE, by clicking on the image.
Heifer International provides livestock and environmentally sound agricultural training to improve the lives of those who struggle daily for reliable sources of food and income. The organization works with communities, teaching people to “pass on the gift.” As people share their animals’ offspring with others, along with their knowledge, resources, and skills an expanding network of hope, dignity and self-reliance is created.
and he plays a little flute.
It's a pretty piece of land, with a half-mile shelterbelt of woods along the blacktop road and a creek that's dry most of the year. We contracted with a neighbor to plant alfalfa, and he cuts, bales, grinds it and takes it to a nearby feedlot, where it becomes Kansas beef. Joe had a new shelterbelt planted (baby trees!) to shelter the homestead from the north wind. We experimented with chickens and goats (which always had to be given away when we went a-traveling). Joe put in a woodstove and a water-source heat pump, serving both aesthetic and frugal ideals. We started fixing up the house, room by room, but never really getting ahead on the heap of projects the old place suggested to us. The barn (c.1903) wants love, and two smaller buildings are sliding into horizontal oblivion. The house is sound, and charming, and in need of paint. And then there are all the seductive ideas of alternate energy, improving the passive thermal management of the masonry house, more trees, more permaculture, more, more, more ... pie in the sky.
"Whoa-Whoa- woa- wo-wo-wo.... Round and Round and Round and..."...
She used store purchased Mathia flour, a readily made mix of Urad dhal powder and Moong dhal powder. However, people who do not find it in your area can powder the dhals and mix them.
The R81-R85 are one of my favourite colours to use.
and most importantly, thanks to all of you for reading, your prayers, your energy and words of encouragement have made my life richer and lifted me and my family in times of heartache.
One of the biggest problems in novels I see is over-explaining. You don't need to explain everything. In fact, it's better if you don't. Let the reader gradually discover the background of the main characters.
Where is the vision for the future of the local economy and our local participation?
Each week every girl will write one (or more) five-item list. It can be a list of words, of thoughts, of photos, of words with accompanying photos and paragraph-long explanations, of hearts, of problems, of loves, of hates, or of anything you can think of under the sun (or around it, in Audrey’s case.)
Is it a comedy or a drama?
I can't wait to see what fun comes out of this Third Campaign!
the rules.
Melanie was in the room with us during the delivery — another amazing photographer. She managed to capture each moment of Nora’s delivery in absolute perfection. Here are a few photos on Melanie’s blog.
The annual March Rendez-Vous with French Cinema again showed a wide range of contemporary French films at different locations in New York City. The series is sponsored by the Film Society of Lincoln Center and Unifrance which promotes French films. Many screenings included appearances from actors and directors.
“Let’s sit in the hot tub tonight,” Addy said. The doggy momma owned a fancy hot tub, which she had offered to us.
In DITCHED, a 16-year-old girl finds herself lying in a ditch the morning after her prom with no memory of the last twelve hours, which includes a disappearing prom date and a punk Tinkerbell tattoo. She must piece together—stain-by-stain on her thrift store dress—exactly how she ended up dateless…with only the help of some opinionated ladies at the 7-Eleven.
to come around and visit, but to also share a little bit
We had many lovely entries in this challenge and thank everyone who linked a card. The Top Three as chosen by the TEAM S.A.S design team are:
“I’m asking for a general rule,” Brodsky continued.
Here are a couple detailed filled links courtesy of Ben Shapiro:
i didn’t know who to call.
# NOTE: It is common for you to see errors when the script is looking for “failure audit”
My eyes went really bad during the last week or so in the shop and where still bad when I started this job - I was down to 4mg of pred . Then I developed a temperature and bright red cheeks (parvo virus - slapped cheek syndrome - lovely) which explained the eye deterioration . So I upped my preds as I don't have an appointment at the hospital till next month and guess what , it worked !I'm now starting to reduce again so will see how it goes.
the sooner i stop trying to fit the square peg through the round hole (him not wanting/needing a nap and me wanting/needing him to) and can find my peace with is, the better – for everyone.
To me, I have no regret even though I was in tears after being hit by some tear gas. It was really great to note the number of helpful Malaysians trying to help each other on that day. The feeling of unity were all over for us to see and feel. At about 4.30 pm, I decided I had done my little part and left for home using KTM from DBKL, while keeping myself updated of the happenings. Of course, much news and sharing of events were available in all forms of media, but nothing so real as being there to feel and understand what it is like to be a peaceful protester.
Weakness: The Gaels play offense and that’s it. Defense is just the possible 35 seconds it takes for them to get the ball back. They don’t like to defend and they don’t try to defend. They want to outscore you, but it doesn’t always work in their favor. This is a team that allowed teams like Purdue, Western Michigan and Canisius to score over 85 points. That’s just not going to cut it in the Big Dance.
What is a head lice infestation? It is when tiny insects live on the scalp. The organisms that eat little amounts of blood, much like mosquitoes do. You will find that not only you will have an itchy scalp, but you will have nits or eggs in your hair that are obvious and maybe even a number of little critters crawling around there. Head lice are not dangerous, but exceptionally contagious.
Reading behaviours have changed over the last twenty or thirty years, at least in parts of the world where the digital age has arrived. Almost all of us read a great deal on-screen, and we spend a certain amount of our day reading material on websites. New research at the University of California, San Diego suggests that the average person today consumes nearly three times as much info as in 1960. According to The New York Times recently, "the average computer user checks 40 websites a day and can switch programs 36 times an hour."
Today marks my sixth day in the hospital.
I have a great deal to thank Jenni for - a list far too long to explain in this post - but it is why I want to help her raise all the money she needs for this project. If you beleive in beauty and in art, and have a couple of spare pennies, perhaps you could help this wonderful project on it's way - every pound counts towards the total and she is currently a little behind target. It really would be a crying shame if her amazing ideas and inspirational plans were to be thwarted by lack of funding.
The Canons of 1571, like the Act of Uniformity of 1558-1559, the Book of Common Prayer of 1559, Archbishop Parker’s Advertisements, the Articles of Religion of 1571, and other primary source documents from the reign of Elizabeth I, are windows through which we can view this important phase in the English Reformation. The English Reformation did not conclude with the untimely death of young King Edward VI and the fiery martyrdom of Archbishop Thomas Cranmer. It experienced a temporary hiatus during the bloody reign of Elizabeth’s older half-sister Mary. During her short reign Mary restored the Pope’s authority over the Church of England and returned the English Church to ignorance and superstition. But she could not stamp out the desire in Englishmen’s hearts for a reformed Church and a reformed faith.
Because many people can be manipulated by fear and anger, there’s a great responsibility to raise the bar and really make a difference in the greater community. This larger community is depending on our leadership to execute a complex, but effective, strategy of reducing road deaths – not “regardless of cause” but because we’ve carefully studied “all of the causes” and made tough choices to prioritize appropriately to save as many lives as possible.
Where We Live Now by Elizabeth Rimmer
One more piece of knowledge added to what he is learning everyday.
I hope you enjoyed seeing my Easter Cards! Now It's time for you to start hopping again. Your next stop is Amy Jo Happy Easter!
HOW TO ORDER?
Since that is pretty much our life.
All of the new materials were selected to accentuate the authentic quality of the space enhancing with warm, rich natural finishes such as oiled old-growth walnut floors and cabinets, cold rolled steel stair and doors, earth tone tiles and bamboo counters. While the finishes feel high end, all of the tactile surfaces are child and pet friendly, durable and will develop in character as they age.
Except Jack didn't want one.
Dear Apartment,
There was something bittersweet about driving back to Jackson, stopping in Mammoth to drop off a collection of items that had been on loan from Yellowstone to the Project. Officially, 2009 was the last year that the Absaroka-Beartooth Project was funded in association with Yellowstone. But with instrumented animals on the air, it would be a wasted opportunity not to continue monitoring. With the urgency of the field season at an end, the lull between research trapping and my upcoming trip to Mongolia to look for wolverines there will be occupied with a search for grants and private money to keep track of F3 and M57 next year. Meanwhile there are many important, looming questions about wolverine conservation and even, possibly, recolonization of Colorado, the answers to which will be partially provided by studying the populations in southern Montana and in Wyoming. Jason reflected that he felt it was the end of an era, but I hope that it’s simply a transition to a new set of research questions about an animal that will – if we can answer those questions – expand our understanding of what needs to be done to protect the montane ecosystems of the West.
When trials, tribulations, and offenses come, when your bravery and boldness becomes undone,
We’ve all come out of bad relationships before, where we’ve really resented the other party for ditching us. And one piece of advise you’ll always hear is: “Happiness is the best revenge.”
I then saw what on first glance appeared to be a dead child in a skip on my road:
Dragonfly Organix All-Purpose Cleaner is a safe and environmentally preferable alternative for removing dirt, grease and grime. Now you can reduce exposure to harsh chemicals while employing powerful cleaning action for a wide range of tasks. Dragonfly Organix All-Purpose Cleaner is safe to use around children and pets. It is perfect for the nursery, playroom, and food prep areas. Use with confidence on counter tops,
"Sleestaks Come in Threes"
Black Lagoon is a “must see” series so i recommend that one, surekill anime with awesome stuffs shortly definetly worth your time.
Independent Advocacy services are available all over Scotland, the SIAA provides a list of services broken down into NHS Board areas, so that you can find one in your local area, and which suits your particular needs. Independent Advocates act on your behalf: their first priority is that your wishes and thoughts are communicated effectively; and that you retain as much control over your own life as possible.
My entire stay with my dad only lasted half a year. I couldn't stand his cooking, smoking, pot-smoking, poor living and having to practice Kung Fu each day.
Bethany – Nebraska
Fraudulent policy
One of my best friends is moving to Alberta, and I'm so sad!
A Tale of The Maps
Right at this very moment, I am extremely excited and happy because in a day and a half I am going to pick up a pet that I have been wanting for over a year. A hedgehog.
Nokia N95 – Mobile Phone Technology with Serious Style
WHEN:
Now the whole jist of the sermon was, as Christians, we are commissioned to live by God’s Word; His Truth. But we are also admonished not to judge others or exclude any human beings. We are invited to live like Jesus and show love outwardly to everyone. No, all lifestyles are not OK. According to the Bible, we can live in Christ’s love by welcoming all people into His fold. We don’t have to live our lives as others or support their lifestyle. But, we are admonished to love others and teach others, living by example, not by preaching or telling others what they should or should not do. Not my job but His!
or the promise of a new year as her consolation prize.
We looked down
It can be done. So stop feeling sorry for yourself! If you want the body that you see on the magazine cover, it’s gonna take hard friggin work! But it will be worth it!.
This season, the camera hasn't been out much. So I'll share with you some of the traditions our family enjoys. The following is taken from an assignment Ally had, compiling a list of her own family's holiday traditions. She was able to share this with her class during her holiday party:
He stares at the door she slammed, just hours before,
I scoured and scoured the internet, and went into baby shop after baby shop looking for ideas. The first go round, as much as I'm embarrassed to say it, I came home from Pottery Barn Kids crying. I'm not a pastel pink kind of gal, and store after store, that's all I could find. The internet was a much better source for me personally. The one item that I completely 'borrowed' the idea of was Kalia's bookshelves. All of the rest of the ideas I came up with pretty much on my own...I tried to design the nursery to be appropriate for a baby / toddler, but not scream "BABY!!!".
Zephaniah Chapter 2 goes on to describe the day of judgment against the gentiles.
- I sing a Kirtan, Mantra
We have a long road ahead of us. Fans and dehumidifiers have been running for the last week straight. All is dry and there is no more avoiding. Trim and doors will be pulled and the remainder of our items will be sorted and then the rebuilding process will begin. We will be looking at all of our options to prevent this in the future and make new decisions based off of what we have learned this time around.
I LOVE YOU ALL MORE THAN WORDS CAN EXPRESS
I tried again. This time I felt my power close around the flame and bond with it. But it was pulling me, resisting me. The sheer speed it contained roaring across the sky closer to me was frightening. I don’t back down, I feel like I have to stop it.
... And they only made one bin of trash in one year! One BAG of trash in next year!
That right there, is a bold faced lie. I've been busy as a (insert politically incorrect analogy here). No really. I've been dividing my time between working, driving my daughter back and forth to work, trying to memorize a bunch of bagpipe tunes....not having much luck on that front. I know I'm not technically old, but I don't have the mind that some of the young folk in band have, and find myself jonesin' for a gingko biloba cocktail when confronted with the idea of memorizing ANYTHING, much less entire sets of tunes.
Then I chicken out and put that down.
We are listening to each other.
Their enthusiasm for their books is regularly infectious, and I want to help more Authors achieve their dream.
Smutty Nose Imperial Stout – NH – 10.1% ABV
“I think you’re right,” Hood agreed.
O: Opera – I love operas, musicals, theatre the lot – one day I will visit Broadway I promise!
It's worth a read, so please check it out.
2 discreetly
Eyjafjallajökull is merely responding to a ripple in the mid-Atlantic ridge.
Stop my big ass from growin’
Belly Button in or out: Innie, but stretching like crazy...
One night, as Dave and I are lying around in Kent’s bed on Elgin Crescent, we get an unexpected phone call. Kent has just returned from a trip, is driving home from the airport, and wants us to be out of the flat. We throw our bags together, spend a few weeks at a trashy hotel in Bayswater, and then we say goodbye. Dave’s heading off for a year of travel in Southeast Asia and New Zealand.
Hate having all those kitchen utensils take up valuable real estate in your kitchen drawers? Make your own utensil caddy. These can be crafted from a variety of items you probably have stuffed in a closet or cabinet somewhere. Aluminum cans with labels removed and painted can be used to accommodate a variety of kitchen items. Need something larger? How about painting and decorating an old coffee tin?
- Good on ye, Ju-Ju. They won't know their arse from their elbow now!
But this morning, I had my pre-op appointment and it suddenly became real again - as well as a tiny bit scary.
There is also the Math program. The great thing about this, is that you can set up your childs lessons to mirror their current curriculum. My daughter started out reviewing what she did last year and was able to advance from there. Math is one of her favorite subjects, so this was her favorite program. Another great thing about Big IQ Kids, you can modify the programs!
The kickstarter Dog Scratchin' book project is funded and now waiting to get done. I will begin gathering the stories, sending those off to Fay to help edit and assemble. The dog photos will be collected and the drawing will commence. This is exciting. My current big deal. Life seems to contain a series of big and little deals...Actually this one is HUGE!
Rainer cracked the eggs into a beat-up ceramic bowl, blue-flecked and chipped. His hands shook only a little this morning, and only a few drops of egg white landed on the knife-scarred wood of the counter. The ghost of a smile that crossed his face held no real humor, but he reckoned it was better than the usual paint shaker his breakfasts tended to be. The herbs the monks had given him seemed to be working. His nerves were calmer, and the vomiting had stopped hours ago. Almost.
You used to call me *kookonaa
Which brings me to my next point. Good Friday and the first night of Passover are on the same date this year–today. Yet few in this wonderful state of aloha have the slightest notion that Jews in the islands, and around the world, are preparing for one of most important holidays in our heritage.
My mom and I found this book at a library sale. It is the original 1962 eddition of the title. We originally bought it because we liked the artwork. However, the kids found the book and wanted us to read it to them. The title was OK. The story is rather dragged out in my humble opinion because the cat runs into to a LOT of other animals before it finally finds the mother cat. However, books like this make wonderful read alouds before bed.
The cheeks here are red with premeditated color,
Hi, I have a pimp cane now and I've been rocking it for almost two weeks.
Which is one of the main reasons I've been writing so little on this blog lately. And it's also why this post had to be written. Because to me, writing has always been about honest expression: I'm not happy unless what I'm writing feels genuine. So, I am putting a few of my worries out there to be seen and possibly judged, because I want this blog, no matter how big it gets, to be an honest expression of what I'm thinking and feeling, in regards to education and my life in general.
And God knows which part of our vast country I will be discovering next year!
i know not what i want, what i need, what will sharpen me most
Grateful Dead – Ship of Fools – From the Mars Hotel (1974)
I’m watching winsome, doe-eyed leading ladies
Even a central banker, with his just-below-average intelligence, will one day notice that maybe it’s not that desirable to be in the U.S. dollar or Treasury bills that have essentially no yield. In other words, you have a negative-real-interest rate on these dollars. So they move money into gold. They should have done it a long time ago. But don’t expect too much from a central banker.
On a more positive note: I am soon to ring Newcastle college to find out about their part time summer courses. I am determined to have a hobby which brings passion and determination to my life. If anyone can suggest anything that would be great, but I have found, phones and computers are easy ways out of helping people. ‘Try the website’ ‘Ring this number’ are frequent deters that I receive. No replies to emails for jobs. I have just noticed the positive note paragraph has turned negative. How terrible! If anyone in the world wants to employ me as an apprentice in counselling or sewing (textiles) or as a journalist, or a photographer or a landscape gardener: please act now and restore my faith. (I ask this knowing nothing will come of it).
It’s even clear in the pictures — I’m smiling after 60 miles on the Specialized.
Hail to the Father of the Waters of Egypt–Rejoice! You are praised!
Information technology is reducing the need for certain jobs faster than new ones are being created.
The Ruby-throated Hummingbird is 7–9 cm long with an 8–11 cm wingspan, and weighs about 3 g. Adults are metallic green above and greyish white below, with near-black wings. Their bill is long, straight and very slender.
We finally completed our Very Hungry Caterpillar/Insect unit, and this week we worked some more on their writing (which has been like pulling teeth!), and we did a neat caterpillar craftivity!
It was a special time, really.
But I am so very thankful too. I know this is truly all for the best and that I am in the safest spot possible if something really bad should happen. The risks of this pregnancy to my health and the baby are pretty significant while he/she is in my uterus. Once the baby is born and we can begin the recovery process I know I will be so relieved.
What beer is named for the Czech town that was once home to the royal brewery of
Think about it. In most traditional houses, children would not be allowed to throw socks, play soccer, or shoot nerf guns inside. When questioned - "Why can't we play ball in the house, Daddy?" - the parents are likely to say "Because it's too messy" or "Because it's not safe." These default responses will, over time, condition the children to simply obey. But I wonder what the answers would be if the kids were able to dig deeper. Imagine if the children could ask how it would make things messy, or or why a mess is so bad. Imagine if they could ask how their safety would be impacted, or if there was some way to mitigate whatever risks were really there?
So, that digital cleanse is on its way. I just have to review the rules and possibly expand on some of them and then it will begin.
That’s how we do breakfast. And in a few hours, we’ll do the same again for lunch. And then the same again in the afternoon. In total, it’s five times a day.
When I was growing up, hats were still worn to church, at least on Easter Sunday. I have some pictures to prove that while some people look very nice in hats—there are some of us who don’t. My brother managed to escape a hat in this picture, but my sister and I think we're stylin'. How about you? Care to share any “hat memories” with the rest of us?
Is this loving ?
Today, Nate didn't eat anything. And he didn't complain either.
On Sundays I’ll unlock you from your chain.
Wyatt Fairlead
When we act as a community, a community of the whole 313-million of us, we are all better off. Equality moves in the direction of balance, and greater equality benefits everyone. Rational protection of our life support system becomes the only possible thing to do. Caring for the wellbeing of every single person in our community becomes mandatory.
Write
What happens when scholars utilize certain methods of dating biblical texts that hold no validity whatsover? According to Benjamin Sommer, they become subject to “a particularly facile sort of historicism with a depressingly simplistic reductionism” (101). This particular sort of historicism Sommer describes as pseudo-historicism:
Now that the job is done, there is such relief in my mind. While I hoed, I prayed. As I planted, I let my mind relax. It truly made for a nice afternoon. Almost as much fun as planting flowers.
Further there are various treats in the form of letters. Large chocolate letters ( a-z ) are available in white/ plain / milk chocolate or Banketletters, a sweet pastry with almond filling in the shape of a I, M or S.
I think that where we get this mentality is that years ago you had to rely on the newspaper, letters, radio, and news broadcasts to tell you everything. And some of us were to young to care and some too busy. But now we have the internet and all of these ways to get information. I know when just about anything happens at least 10 of my Facebook friends are posting something about it. You go to Yahoo or AOL, you have the Huffington Post, and Youtube it is everywhere and not only are we getting there MAJOR stories we have people sharing stories and getting the news around about just about everything even stories from these little bitty towns.
to see who cuts his grass faster.
Finally. Just when I thought that work and life had completely stolen my writing mojo, I was given a very important writing assignment to complete. It may even be my proudest work to date, because it comes directly from my soul.
Our guest speaker was former Minister of Canadian Heritage Sheila Copps, who in 2002 caused the Golden Jubilee of The Queen’s Reign to be enthusiastically, widely and effectively promoted by the federal Government. Sheila gave an entertaining anecdotal speech sometimes humourous, sometimes emotional and told the story of how - despite having republican sentiments as a youth - she transformed into an ardent monarchist. She took the opportunity to convey her deep admiration and respect for The Queen, The Prince of Wales, and other members of the Royal Family - calling The Queen a role model for all Canadian women.
Its funny.
We have cameras wired up to some of the boxes so we can see what is happening. The other night we spotted a Queen Bumblebee using the nesting box as a place to hide from the cold night and we found her fast asleep in the corner of the box.
Forty-five minutes later…
We were driving through slow, supper-hour traffic in Honolulu one evening when the car in the next lane caught our attention. The driver was playing his ukulele as he moved with the stop and go traffic. It’s one way to combat road rage, I suppose.
As the third year of recession ends, the scale of the task of undoing the social and economic damage of the recession is now made plain. It is already well-known that 15 million Americans are officially unemployed, with another 15 million unofficially unemployed. But the scope of the recession goes far beyond their ranks – more than half of the U.S. labor force (55 percent) has “suffered a spell of unemployment, a cut in pay, a reduction in hours or have become involuntary part-time workers” since the recession began in December 2007.
1260 ***D-X/26(A)/1996. “Sophocles, The Ode to Man.” Fiftieth Anniversary Dinner, The Basic Program of Liberal Education for Adults, The University of Chicago, The Quadrangle Club, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item B-7, above, pp. 192-99 (1997).)
One day and night at a time I guess.
We’re concerned about whether the presence of God is noticeable and active in our gathering because people don’t need an event, they don’t need a show. People don’t need famous worship leadership. They need a life-changing transaction with their Creator. That’s what people want.
And I think most of our friends did enjoy them. I really hope so. I am very glad for that because it was just a small gesture to thank them for all the times they came to rake our leaves, pick up apples, and keep an eye on the house.
Megan (that’s with a long “e”) Bostic is a mere human trying to find her place in the universe. Despite the rain and gray (she’s truly solar powered) making her extremely angsty, she’s lived in the Pacific Northwest her whole life, and still does, with her two crazy beautiful girls. You can find her Chronicles of an Aspiring Writer on Youtube, or find her on her website, Facebook, blog, or Twitter account.
Summer Corn Cakes with Chopped Tomato and Avocado Salsa
But any way you look at it, it is a magical fuckin movie to show to a kid!
A wildly flamboyant funk diva with few equals even three decades after her debut, Betty Davis combined the gritty emotional realism of Tina Turner, the futurist fashion sense of David Bowie, and the trendsetting flair of Miles Davis, her husband for a year. It's easy to imagine the snickers when a 23-year-old model married a famous musician twice her age, but Davis was no gold digger; she turned Miles on to Jimi Hendrix and Sly Stone (providing the spark that led to his musical reinvention on In a Silent Way and Bitches Brew), then proved her own talents with a trio of sizzling mid-'70s solo LPs.
But I am so tired.
10 Common Battlegrounds in Marriage that Threaten Oneness
The wife runs upstairs, shouting, "You've gone mad! You're insane!"
Of course, I’d love to help — sign me up. As far as a few sentences go, here’s what I’ve got — I hope it’s OK:
reflected the sun looking down
Maria’s Traditional “Moussaka”, Eggplant With Minced Meat And Bechemal
We have been through a lot with Matt. In book one he was dating his high school sweetheart, the only girl he'd ever had sex with (same for her, he was the guy she gave her virginity to). The sweet as honey middle Coleman brother wanted desperately to marry her and start their life together. She had other plans. First it started with wanting to have another man added in the mix of the sexcapades for spicyness. When that wasn't enough, she went chasing the dream of the big city and the occasional orgy. Cheated on him and then ran out of town, leaving him high and dry, humiliated and destroyed.
From there a discussion with a new friend a few years later, he mentioned words like "Space Marine & Rogue Trader" & GW. This sparked my memory of looking at the side of the BB box with the advertising of other GW games & I dashed off to my room to double check. I was right, I had been looking at these things all along. I was told of the monthly magazine "White Dwarf", and promptly headed off to bury my head in one.
It's interesting that some of the artwork is very similar to the work of Theodor Geisel, better known as Dr. Seuss. He did a lot of work for advertisers before World War II and it makes me wonder if he worked on this set. Even the names on the back of the cards sound like Seuss type of names.
V is for Vertigo. My Sister-in-law has this and I don’t envy her. It’s also a great Alfred Hitchcock movie.
3- Do you live around people?
I have a friend who is a full-fledged conservative of the highest degree, and we recently discussed the intentions of the left vs. the right. His take, and indeed the stance assumed by many on the right, is that the left is attempting a fascist coup and is aiming to destroy America. As an independent, I disagree.
This isn’t the first run-in on campaign finance law-breaking for Ms. Brogan (who is closely associated with local hack blogger Keith Clark). She ran unsuccessfully for county commissioner two years ago and one or more of her campaign reports remained in error for many months. Were it not for the good graces of our local Board of Elections, Ms. Brogan could have been charged with a misdeameanor and fined $500 for her malfeasance. Is this a behavior she learned from Keith Clark? Is this what we can expect from PIG PAC candidates running for office?
I think it's easy for people to feel guilty about spending their time doing something as "useless" as watching TV, and forget not only that enjoyment is worthwhile simply for enjoyments sake, but also that we're constantly making connections, and learning is ever-present.
i just need to get through the next week.
“I think we’re all on pins and needles every day with regard to unit 4,” he said. “I mean there’s any number of things that could happen. Nobody really knows.”
The middle ages to which Deanna travels is something of a deliberate caricature, with bumbling would-be-knights, a vain and mopish lady of the castle, pigs, greasy chunks of meat, etc. And Deanna and Oliver have no clue how to behave--the elves failed to provide lessons in castle etiquette for Deanna (although they did bestow the gift of medieval French), and Oliver, being a cat, is even more at sea. Over-the-top medieval romance complicates matters, but more seriously, the castle is home to a rather terrifying alchemist who has some genuine magical abilities, and naturally, he's the one who ends up with the watch...
Food is love...thank you Laura, Jamie, Jackie, Donna, Tracy, Ric, Melba, Mark, Warren, Belinda, Gail, Jessica, Barbara & Mary. Thank you for taking the time to make, bake, buy, bring and love our family through this loss with food.
This young woman and her ilk are idealists. They see that war and violence are inherently wrong, and think the world would be different somehow if the strong laid down their arms and let the weak do as they please.
That's a great question. And it's one that I don't have a solid answer for as well. I truly believe that the stories I write come from a subconscious level. The art of tapping into that seed, that germination soil, is what can be difficult. Although I've never experienced "writer's block," I have had times when the flow was more difficult to reach. I believe every person has a story or many stories within them. The challenging part is finding the sweet spot to the level of consciousness that allows you to tap in to the flow of creativity. When that happens, and the floodgates open, I simply take dictation.
The 3 EP's is just that.... a collection of the first 3 EP's the band released, Champion Versions , The Patty Patty Sound and Los Amigos Del Beta Banditos.
When we have achievements that are based on theirs, we remember them.
My Mom - "Yes, Aidan loves books and he wants to share them with you. He loves it when you read his books."
what color that is.
One of the art vignettes in my house is a small old glass cabinet: on the shelves you see some of my handmade books which I made completely myself and on the shelf underneath some pigment powders I use to create for example backgrounds.
right (unless you’re Mother Teresa or something, but she
The machine I want needs to hold 14 cups of flour. This way I can make many loaves of challah at once and freeze the rest of the dough for the next 2 weeks. The way I see it, with a 6 quart bowl I could make bread every 3 weeks.
Just me who is crumbling without you Is left here
How joyful the moment was when we drove up a red-balloon lined driveway to our little house where our three older children waited with open arms for their new sister--it was amazing.
Author: Heather M White
running for ocean waves
to which quite a few pages could be given.
In the side bar to the right of this weblog you will also find two polls in which you can offer your considered opinion as to the utility of the UK registered design right in a jurisdiction which already offers unregistered design rights at UK and EU level, the Community design right and, at an underlying level, regular copyright. The first poll gives you a chance to say what you feel about the Registered Designs Act 1949, which provides the legislative basis for UK registered design right. The second poll gives you a chance to reflect on what you might like to see in place of that Act, if UK registered designs were scrapped.
And kindness in all things.
Scottoline spoke about how the seeds of the idea of the book were planted in her brain. She said that her friend was asked one night to pick up another small child with her own after school. When her friend arrived at the school she realized that she only had one car seat. The internal emotional, moral and legal debate about which child should get the car seat really weighed on her friend. Who should get the car seat?
"That's right," he answered. "The only thing that makes that movie good is the performance. The interviews are pure fake."
Hello Thursday!! What does that mean in the cricut world... well, the third Thursday of each month is when Provocraft announces new cartridges, updates and more! So, Hello Thursday!!
The two of them played tag, chewed through balls, frisbees, played tug of war with rope toys, snuggled up together on the lounge to sleep, sang to the sirens, or with me when I howled so they would sing along…. they were beautiful together. Micky led the way and BB followed him. He was her idol. We were so worried about her when he passed. She was the one who came and got us at 2am to tell us he had. Animals are so amazing.
Russ Van Atta - New York Yankees
Our Lady of Perpetual Help in Sunset Park, which gathered its first small congregation in 1893, became the first on November 1, 1969. I don't know the specific reason why it became New York's first, but grandeur certainly helps, and Our Lady's got it, a massive, Romanesque stone behemoth set back and towering above the intersection at 5th Avenue and 60th Street.
Voting ends 18th May
6 Ask
1.) Mint M&Ms.
On another note, I've finally decided to do with The Reading Ape. It'll continue with a bit more frequent posting than right now, but with a slightly different focus. Look for a post about that in the next week or so.
Adjective your Customers would use to best describe you?
I’m begging you! She is leaving us!
2) Headband holder made out of oatmeal/drink mix can. I saw this on Pinterest and immediately thought of my massive number of headbands just thrown in a box right now. I swiped my hubs drink mix can and covered it. here it is below. I still have to add the "stand" part. I hope to make another matching one (so I have 2 total- I have sooo many headbands) once we go through more tea mix so I can steal the can. I thought ahead luckily and saved the paper for another matching one. haha
blind, dumb idiot. And please don't try to say it wasn't you...not only were you easy to pick out of a crowd, but I heard someone call you by your name.
If you are a regular shopper at IKEA, you must have figured out from my photos how much we (more accurately “I”) love that store. My obsession with IKEA is rooted in their simple and modern designs and affordability, which are very important to me. Their catalogues offer so many ideas to decorate that I ‘read’ them as though it’s my textbook.
If anyone knows how to format my pics to work best on Blogger, I'd love to know! I am so upset with the way they uploaded I almost didn't hit publish! For the best pics of Creative Estates Update go here!
“Up ahead, in the stream of black shapes, were the American soldiers I had come to fear. They were men who enjoyed demolishing Afghan houses, men who shot dogs in the face. The pair who had embraced like lovers, one tenderly drawing the blade of his knife along the pale, smooth skin of his friend’s throat. There was a guy who’d let the others tie his legs open and mock-rape him, and there were several men who had boasted of plans to murder their ex-wives and former girlfriends.”
Silver Phoenix will, I suspect, appeal to adult readers as much as teens.
Nicholls JA, Grieve DW. Posture, performance and discomfort in pregnancy. Appl Ergon 1992; 23: 128-132.
In the present scenario of the Indian society, we may categorize in some what like as follows: (in context of corruption),
He said the grouping’s emergence as a new engine of robust economic growth had made security and stability a top priority in the region.
Sometimes us girls want something, well, girly. I love the romantic packaging on this bubble bath. Plus, guys, it's both sweet and sexy to run your lady a bath after a long day at work. Who doesn't want to relax? If you're short on time because of commitments or work, this is a great way to make staying in seem special. Choose from three delicate scents: rose, grapefruit, and lavender.
I think they will be so fun to decorate scrapbook pages, cards, or strung as a little mini banner for your house. I haven't decided when I'm going to reopen my little shop yet... probably later in September after the initial back to school craziness has worn off. I'll let you know! ;)
Her original prescription for brushing was twice daily, maintaining the same time schedule, and eventually increased to three times a day. This involved brushing all areas of her body except for her face, neck, and back. When she was increased to three times daily, the school personnel that was involved with Michaela had to be taught the correct way of brushing her body, and this protocol had to be integrated into her IEP (Integrated Educational Plan).
“Stay there!” Twirling an axe around in his hand, Zak swung it a few times at the demon that in front of him, the axe slicing off some of the demon’s flesh. When the demon ran off he chased him into a back room, leaving her alone.
I am looking forward to continuing on my quilting evolution at The Storytellers weekend as I will be taking classes from two great quilters. Juanita Yeager's "Paint it, Quilt it" class where you learn to use watercolor pigments to create a quilt top design, then learn free motion quilting techniques to enhance the design. This is a recent piece by Juanita... look at the shading and texture in this flower. Yummmm
A coincidence?
And then I would feel it; the intense gratitude of how greatly I'd been blessed as I held her in my arms, watching the light dance off of her golden hair, lit up like sunshine on the most perfect summer day. I could finally scratch the surface of the love that God has for me, because I could feel it every time I looked into her sweet face. I was brought to a place where I knew I didn't deserve any of this-I didn't deserve her-and to have her was just an extension of His Grace and love once again.
I wanted to make some unique holiday decorations so I decided to spread the Hello Kitty love. I hope to make a whole Sanrio themed lawn display someday... Pandapple, Little Twin Star, that rabbit friend, tulips and all that is cute.
Here’s what my typical day will look like:
Man the fuck up! Here’s a lesson for all you boys – girls like MEN. I like a guy who is decisive, assertive, confident and can take care of himself.
Prince. Albert. Brent. The first basemen better look out when it comes to this season's MVP voting. My gratitude hints that I may choose the third guy.
And I am grateful for literally thousands of other things right now, things that seem too trivial to mention but which help define me and the way I see the world. It's a good life, warts and all.
But the dismissing of works based on theoretical niche genre and intended audience is entirely beside the point of the criticism of “Girls.” Noting a problematic aspect of the larger, real-world context of a work is hardly “labeling” it. And in fact, that suggestion is deeply offensive, because it presumes that media aimed at white, upper-middle-class urbanites is somehow a niche market in itself and not, y’know, the vast majority of creative work that’s marketed to mass audiences. Honestly, that sort of complaint sounds like conservative Christians arguing that they’re being oppressed because they’re not allowed to completely dominate the public discourse on religion, politics and ethics. When you have 80% of the power and someone takes away 5% of it, it might seem like you’re being oppressed, but you’re not. You still have enormously more power than anyone else. Shut up about how mean those 25%ers are being to you.
Heidi is still my hero, now back in Australia but I know I will always have her heart here in Toronto. My god, I'm a sap!
Happy shopping to all you shoppers out there! :)
I’m sure I’ve mentioned this before, but I just want to reiterate: I love electronic music. And I don’t mean club oriented, four on the floor, fist-pumping jams (though I have been known to get down when downs need to get got), but I’m talking like weird stuff. The kind of music that sounds more reminiscent of household appliances than actual instruments. All that being said, Actress (real name Darren Cunningham) is one of those artists that sound closer to a tumble dry setting than a club banger. But his music is beautiful, despite, and this is especially true of his new album R.I.P., it being a bit unsettling.
Until next we meet.
Charlotte - taken
On his appointment as PKR vice-president, Nuek regarded it as an honour.
We have a lot of great ideas for podcasts, blogs, podiobooks, music and everything else. So we start our projects out of our house, we know how to generate an audience for them so they gain popularity, so we put more time and our own money into them (sometimes as much as adding another full-time job to our lives), and they grow, and this spirals until we have a wealth of artists with thousands of global followers and fans.
Tanstaafl, Criticism I can take; a proposal to relocate me at gunpoint to Israel goes well beyond criticism.
Bust: 40" (down 1.75" from last week)
Things to look for: speed, aggression, agility, size, leadership qualities. The quarterback of the post civilized world. This will test everything about you as a human being as you’ve been raised to hate entitled athletes and lunkheads. You must swallow this like an old pro and join the harem. Hopefully, you can use some of those old apathy and mind game skills you honed on your lesser boyfriends to peak his interest and keep him happy.
Surrender.
So if you comment here today
For 0-12 months 900gm tin @ RM63.90
Our Continental flight from Houston was filled with summer clad tourists who happily accepted the offer of beer or Margaritas in the air. At the Cancun Airport, the control tower was even wrapped in a large ad for Corona beer. Planes from around the world nosed into their gates - Air Canada, Air Cubana, and even the English Thomas Cook charter known for packaged holiday tours. Twelve American airlines and thirty-one foreign ones now serve this very busy, modern airport where English is the first language of announcements. An enormous customs hall filled with agents processed the approximately 1,000 arriving travelers within 30 minutes.
Banda: The sound of animals fighting
- regression against allowed / abandoned patents
One of the girls looks at me, an embarrassed girlfriend with a slight smile on her pretty red face,
Today we are delighted to welcome Julia Donaldson to the Picture Book Den.
Are these ever yummy!!!
P Schoolbook cart- Circle 1 1/4"
Drunk with power, she destroys Zimmermann's marriage, betrays Ingrid, and in a coup becomes president of the Zimmermann Institute. Everyone is vindictive. Everyone wants revenge, but Cassie is the mastermind, pulling the strings of all the marionettes she manipulated to rise to the top. A power struggle ensues as schizophrenia lurks behind.
I sat in the doctor’s office looking across at him with the guillotine of my own guilt hanging above me by a thread. I willed him to point at me and scream “Bad Mother! Bad Mother!” I needed someone else to judge me and mete out the appropriate justice. Instead the doctor simply told me that Donna required surgery. A Bilateral Gastrocnemius Slide Operation to be exact. They would cut muscles and tendons to allow lengthening and her legs would be cast in plaster for six weeks after which she would be required to wear splints in her shoes for a while. So I cried. I cried for my baby who would suffer for my neglect.
