Friends, you and me.
And on the other side of the room? A fantastic little play nook, where she had taken a plain toy box and added personalized decals that she had designed herself through Upper Case Living!
Thus I guess my chance meeting with a cute rodent was indeed allegorical. A small vivacious animal that found enough courage to look me in the eye, as if to remind me to be courageous myself, embracing - with fiery passion - all that awaits down the line.
Quick and Delicious Brussel Sprouts
Linking to the following...
0 of 0 people found the following review helpful.
It's a virtual guarantee, however, that at least some citizen readers will be engaging in Mrs. Obama's ill defined cleanse, simply because she said it. And the LHJ readers will not be party to the White House clarification, nor the comments of outside experts.
Issa said he believes that he was targeted because the officers saw that he had money in his Homeless Talk bib.
Here’s what I mean:
remind us of Your uprightness, Your goodness, Your perfection,
And you can’t run a hose outside so you need to carry water back and forth… I’ve been considering making a hose that could connect to my kitchen faucet so I could run water directly outside…if anyone’s tried this I’d love to hear your thoughts.
Ms. Evangelist
Eventually, EverQuest II Extended became to focus. It held the advantage of being free to play without even the requirement to invest in a box. It also met the major requirement of having group content available both overland and in dungeons. The heritage quests alone make for a reasonable series of group projects. Add in housing and crafting, which Ula brought up, and it seemed to be the most likely candidate for the moment.
The Singaporean Chinese owner/manager (which? both?) of a certain riverside bar in Singapore was sitting with The BiTP* at one of the aluminium (or are they wood?) outdoor tables, sporting a blue baseball cap that he kept adjusting on his head, and wearing a pale tee-shirt with a small Manchester City FC logo just above the left breast. The BiTP (Bruce and E@L in this instance) were closing the place, as they say, at just after 3am.
Did I ever tell you about the time I was disqualified from a show jumping event because my horse bolted for the side fence and jumped it (mortifying!)? My Mum and Dad were there to wipe the tears and encourage me to continue with my dreams and tell me to just have some fun…
Now I know I mentioned prizes earlier, so let's get to it!
is one of my favorite breweries! The site is really a Belgian
Back then there were auction rooms, car repairers, award winning drag racing cars made as a hobby by Number One Son's father and a salon set up by my hairdresser. It was shabby but it was useful. And some lovely, lovely buildings that are part of the town's industrial heritage.
This dish can also be made with boiled eggs, for egg eating vegetarians and for strict vegetarians you can substitute chicken or eggs with potatoes.
Pour the batter into prepared pan, bake for 30-40 minutes or until a skewer inserted comes out clean.
Says a senior Washington source:
Closer
My fingers run on your face. You look like your mother. I wish you could meet her, little baby.
I posted a few quotes from one of the websites: medcookingalaska.blogspot.com in Aunt Jan's wild corner. I plan on emailing her today to see if she's had her cup of Vitamin C this season.
Our first day we spent at the pool. There was no need to rush off and explore; we had all week to do that. The kids weren't keen on the pool at first (the water was pretty cold!) but once they got in, they loved it.
$60, Metropolitan Museum Shop
* be installed.
The gaulle I had plan to make didn't happen. Sigh. However, I pulled out a chemise dress, ironed and starched it and accessorized it with black. A friend of mine figured out how to use a crownless straw hat to make a Lunardi hat. So, I made one and trimmed it in black and white. Here it is:
The latest disappointing retail sales numbers are out. Rather than dwell on that, here's a longer term trend in the data that caught my attention.
Corporate Cultural Collusion is an increasingly common phenomenon in our industry.
Let us shape the land so we can look out at it. Or we can lift our hands from it and still shape
I love and miss you.
I'm always drawn to prickly plants with their dramatic, architectural features. Many are in my preferred blue/pink/purple colour range. Not all their flowers and leaves are spiky with jagged, steely bracts. Some are much more feathery and soft. But the effect is the same and all are great additions to the summer border.
Friday: Consigning, is it worth it? I'll reveal my first experience consigning and offer some tips if you are thinking about doing the same with some of your clothing.
A new report by the Xinhua news agency says that, “Airborne troops from Russia and the Untied States would hold joint anti-terror drills in the U.S. state of Colorado between May 24 and 31.” Translation: brainwashed American and Russian troops will train together on American soil to suppress popular revolts against the (so far) undeclared global authoritarian government, as devised by the demons of Bilderberg and other secret globalist conferences.
would restructure just 10% of the gasoline consumption (market), it would
The truth is, we're back in Las Vegas.
I'm a gamer. I love Pokemon and basically everything that's a video game. I want more games, and more friends I can access through my 3DS. And one more thing I'd like to add: I treat life, as if basically a video game. Sometimes, I try to decide stuff, so, I kinda think, “If this were a video game, what would be the best choice?” Video games help me decide.
The winner may select any e-reader ranging from the Nook to the Nook Tablet 8GB or the Kindle to the Kindle Fire.TO ENTER: FOLLOW @WaldenPondPress on Twitter (www.twitter.com/waldenpondpress) and TWEET the following message:
I'd chalk it up to my imagination or paranoia
It is shortsighted to believe that because science today cannot explain consciousness, consciousness must lie beyond science’s reach. But even if the origin of consciousness is too complex to be fully grasped by the human mind, that is not evidence that consciousness resides in a supernatural realm. In fact, though the question of how consciousness arises remains a puzzle, we have plenty of evidence that consciousness functions according to physical law. For example, in neuroscience experiments, thoughts, feelings, and sensations in subjects’ minds—the desire to move an arm, the thought of a specific person like Jennifer Aniston or Mother Teresa, and the craving for a Snickers bar—have all been traced to specific areas and activities in the physical brain. Scientists have even uncovered what they call “concept cells,” which fire whenever a subject recognizes a concept, such as a specific person, place, or object. These neurons are the cellular substrate of an idea. They will fire, say, each time a person recognizes Mother Teresa in a photo, no matter what her dress or pose. They will even fire if the subject merely sees her name spelled out in text.
My song to you for the weekend!
Somehow the torch of Sam Towers had been mystically passed on to a new generation.
They really have no idea what is in store,
But this reminds me of two other, related projects: 1) I read a review once in The Wire about a guy who taped contact mics to his window to record the sound of snowflakes hitting the glass – a recording which was then released on CD. Unfortunately, I can't find any information about this at all.
A lot of this has to do with how our top civil servants believe that if we make the Islamists sandwiches and play cricket with them, as well as hint at a major political change in Israel, then the Muslims will change because of the niceness shown to them. That is, by being nice to Muslims we will defeat radical Islam. What they are essentially doing is judging these Muslims as being like them – like 'us'. This is completely wrong. It is a kind of English racism which simply assumes that everyone on the planet, from Borneo head-hunters to Abu Hamza, just need a bit of love and tenderness. Then, who knows, these Islamists might join the Church of English and everyone can be nice together; with the Arsebishop of Canterbury holding a service of multicultural niceness.
Mohammed Karrar, 37, has been charged with two counts of conspiracy to rape a child and one count of supplying a Class A controlled drug to a child.
Even frogs like to bask from time to time don't they?
half of a lime, chopped
"Q: Do you announce when you're coming to a restaurant?
June 5, 2006 Clip No. 1170
Then you can drizzle the green melted chocolate over the tops of those bare little truffles sitting pretty on the waxed paper. Mine are not nearly as pretty as Bakerella's but I did my best and they tasted awesome.
Chinese weddings are a long drawn out process and I guess this is why they rarely get divorced…. Why waste all that money? I think it was nice that my friend added a bit of Western flair to his wedding to include his Western friends… and the fact that he introduced me as his best friend… meant a lot.. in front of more than 270 people. It just tells me.. that in the future of Chinese more and more young people are opening up to people of other countries… I see big changes in the future of China…. more intergration and more unity.. good things indeed.
Spendthrift Like gainsay, a word always to be looked up, a word that might have liked to have meant its opposite; or hereafter, a word that might have liked to have it both ways. like my father who, come late spring, spends everything he can put his hand to and borrow against whatever he’s got left and spends that. He whistles while he works. One year he filled the backyard with Volkswagens and wouldn’t but one in seven run when he got them, had the six towed out to the house; another year it was lawnmowers; another, houd dogs. old metal flake fishing boats, three generations of motors. A little fixing and she’ll run just like a new one, or cut or hum good as she ever did. But she never does. Like the good eating that can come from an evening’s fishing for crappie, of treeing a mess of coon, for that matter, cooked up so to get the wild out. Only the good never comes because come late fall, he’s spent, the desire to see something fixed doesn’t fix. Somehow the pay-out he loves strings out into beyond flat busted. He’d just as soon let fish go rotten on the stringer, take his coons by the ringtails and fling them in that field out yonder as to clean them. Because even something in the bring-home misfires someday late fall, and he’s seeing in all he loved, what misfits he’s gathered, who lays up in the bed then for months at a time moaning his treasury. who will not even go out to the mailbox, who will not eat, give up the ghost of a word or a dollar for nothing or nobody, like he’s saving himself up for what swells in spring while his boats founder with rainwater,
Relationships, too, can be forever evolving and surprising in their invitations. Things may shift rather dramatically, for example, when children become their parents’ caregivers. When my mother came to live with us some years ago, we all had to make adjustments in our hopes and behaviors very quickly and unexpectedly. We thought she would soon be moving into her own nearby condominium, but her health declined rapidly, and everything suddenly changed.
In the main the session focused on what employers can or could do to help the situation through health and wellbeing programmes and what these might encompass. Little mention was given of individual responsibility and how, rather ironically in light of this topic, you can lead a horse to water…
stir rapidly for 5 minutes
Along with fruit jelly candy, my biggest weakness is a Reese's Fast Break candy bar. Soft nougat and peanut butter encased in chocolate: what's not to love? Dorie Greenspan's recipe for Peanut Butter Torte has always looked like the homemade-dessert version of the Fast Break bar and I've been looking forward to baking it for years. Well, my chance finally arrived: the Tuesdays With Dorie baking group baked the peanut butter torte four years ago this week, and so my quest to finish the book brought me face to face with this much-anticipated recipe.
Another great blessing! See, I’ve been praying for a lower rank. Still, I was really surprised when I was told I ranked second! I couldn’t ask for more because I knew that God has never left my side, just as my parents were. I would just like to share this little achievement of mine with you and I have no intention to brag or boast about it.
It’s very conceivable that Solis is mistaken in this vision of organizations transformed by going social. He could also be right. There are lots of social media thinkers who tend to agree that social media is, and will be, much more than just another communication channel for external relation­ships.
Some of Perez’s posts have been reported to be borderline bullying; he has even been blamed for Lindsey Lohan’s self-destruction. Since the cyber bullying craze Perez has decided to scale back on his name calling on his site. He has decided that he is not a good influence for the youth by opening bashing celebrities and their lifestyles.
I have to keep focused. Always. Even tomorrow at a gathering of old friends and acquaintances. Especially Tomorrow at a gathering of old friends and acquaintances..
When deciding on which professional liability insurance to purchase, the nurse should inquire as to the extent of coverage for licensing in disciplinary defense coverage. Some professional liability insurers have a “broad form” of coverage which may provide legal defense for the nurse in almost any type of administrative action. This might include, for example, defense of a discrimination complaint filed against the nurse with the Florida Commission on Human Relations (FCHR) or the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and for Medicare and Medicaid complaints. Other companies limit coverage to only actions that may result in disciplinary action against the nurse’s license. The nurse should always attempt to get the broadest coverage available for disciplinary defense and licensure defense coverage.
OK, the challenge this time is "A Get Well Card"
“Yes, it is!” The words came a bit more defensive than I would have liked. This is my third time. I have already tried this pr0ject twice. And yeah, I have failed. But do you know what the last two times have in common?” I waited for a brief moment. “The last two times, someone who I thought loved me, showed no support at all. Think it over.” With this, I hung up. The truth is this. I am doing this for me. Not for anyone else. I am the one, looking to improve my own life, by doing this project. But, you know what…Everybody needs a little support. This is, by no means, a small mission. So why should I hear, right out of the gate, that there is no way I can do it? How is that beneficial?
"Mommy, do you think one day she will know that my heart feels like it makes my shirt move when she gets too close to me?"
Our NEW SPARKS DT will be announced tomorrow along with our challenge winners for the past two weeks. I hope you had fun creating - I really enjoy looking at each and every submission.
The Thomas & Friends brand has been supporting two magazine titles in the market for over 10 years - in fact, the first Thomas titles were published by Marvel UK in the 1980s - and Egmont says it has ambitious plans for growth with this new portfolio, which has an estimated annual retail sales value of £5 million.
Wednesday, August 15th–I went to an MHMR appointment and a group therapy session. Later on, I met with Matt.
Also:
A- Robins Nest page pebbles, Tattered Angels Glimmer Mists, and Prima flowers, pearls, and crystals. What can I say? I’m a bling kind of girl. Send them my way!!
no obvious pathway through, for the
We, on the other hand, are prisoners of our ways, eating to oblivion, sleeping to death stages. We can't see anything without our special rose-colored glasses. Whatever happens out there is not our business until it becomes a nuisance to our eating, sleeping, viewing habits.
The majority of these reproduced airframes have been flight capable with a couple being for static display. I have seen some of their Me-262A’s: one flying in Germany at the Berlin Air Show in 2010, another here at Paine Field and a static one at the excellent Evergreen Air & Space Museum in Oregon (both earlier this year).
I’ve been thinking a lot about what love is. We’ve been through tons of research on all of the emotional difficulties that come with bringing a child into your home who has never truly experienced a loving, nurturing and safe environment and a good deal of it talks about how bonding with a child who has never experienced that level of love begins with the meeting of basic needs and, ultimately, sacrificing my emotional need to get love in return for my actions. The truth is, it may take weeks or months before trust is built and our child can genuinely show us love in return. It’s made me think a lot about what Biblical love is. I think in our culture we’ve reduced love to squishy feelings and sentiments, to hearts and teddy bears. We throw 1 Corinthians 13 in every wedding ceremony because of it’s romantic, flowery language about speaking in tongues of men and angels, but we never really stop to consider what a hard line it is to walk. Love isn’t conditional, love is what happens when you meet a need without considering the reward. That’s tough.
This is not a climate of extreme heat, though, and even our mildest beers are cloaked in the malt and hops that will satisfy on cloudy 60 degree June days. As a result, we have failed to exploit one brewing niche that brewers some hot regions offer--the German-style pilsner.
Gaia,s finest: A charming vegetarian resturant..situated in a beautiful woodland setting..with fabulous waterfalls and wild flowers.
I replied back that yes, I didn’t have any road races…but I did have a lot of time trials (20+, all easily found at uscycling.org) and in fact we had competed against each other….just last August! (albeit in different age groups.)
The same can be said of David Bomberg’s Double Self Portrait – his style of painting was so audacious at the time that he actually got kicked out of the Slade in 1913 for being too unconventional! Now there’s an accolade.
It turned out to be (spoiler alert) nothing of the sort, and, in her words, “bore very little similarity to a chase, or race action film … having very little driving.”
During all these long hours of beading, I have been contemplating Thread and it's somewhat invisible yet starring role in Beadwork...while it may not be seen, it really is a major component. So my upcoming post about Thread is becoming more in depth than I originally anticipated...more to come soon!
Mississippi Power began building the Kemper plant after the Commission passed a second conditional approval of the facility with 2-1 vote in May 2010.
3 (8 oz) packages cream cheese, softened
At the rear, a lot has been made of the laterally diverging diffuser. All teams start the diffuser far narrower than the 1000mm allowed between the rear wheels, and then diverge the diffuser (in plan view) outwards towards the limit of the allowable area. This effectively limits the expansion that can be achieved within the regulatory diffuser volume. Lotus has effectively diverged the diffuser to the 1000mm limit far earlier, with the outermost channels effectively exiting out of the side of the diffuser. This potentially gains more theoretical volume for the diffuser, but also creates a far more aggressive sidewall to the diffuser, risking flow separation and the diffuser sidewall is shorter more open and hence may leak more. Other teams have followed this path in the past, so the potential benefit is there assuming the drawbacks of the geometry can be overcome.
I finished up a pretty tough semester of school. I had to take two trips to Austin and leave my family (and new puppy) in the hands of my husband. He did remarkably well. The house was a disaster, but everyone was alive and happy, so I shouldn't complain. Going out of town twice in the last month really took its toll on me. Just simple things like getting caught up on laundry, and helping Kamden finish up his science fair project seemed to take forever. So, blah, blah, blah...I haven't had any time to blog.
According to the explanation, the methodology relies on "objective, accessible data for describing patent quality." When defining the index, the described method first selects and refines index factors (e.g., patent complexity, prosecution activity). These index factors are then "tested" against a number of other factors:
17 mars 1883
So here you see the hubby making sure we know where the ceiling studs are so we can attach the initial plywood above to begin the framing of the new wall. We managed to get the first piece up, but had to call it a day when our last minute out of town guest arrived last Saturday evening. So we had to hide all that junk that was in the dining room into the garage temporarily...
I start getting so overwhelmed I shut down.
What happens to time? How does it do that?
I Will 4 ever Remain Faithful (Pennsylvania)
A long haul trucker and his dog hear strange noises coming from their load and two quarrelling pilots begin to suspect their cargo isn’t what it seems.
07. All Reminds Me
If you do get the chance to go - jump at it! I'm already prepping a tick-list for round two... while listening to New York's finest jazz station WBGO, which has given jazz a new and panoramic extra dimension after hearing it soundtracking the city of hootin'-tootin' cabs, steaming manholes and endlessly stretching skyscrapers
I resent that in my society which made us not touch each other: after my mother died, my father, thinking me male, was embarrassed to hug me, we shook hands when I left until I forced a hug, and then he was self-conscious. I resent that which exalted intellectual analysis over intuition, mocked and belittled as “Women’s intuition”. I resent kyriarchy. I resent all those who by their action or inaction perpetuated these injustices, this waste of talent and potential. I resent those who use religion to control and constrain, where “The Truth shall set you Free”.
Anyhew, like I said, its been a long ass year. We're doin' ok, making it along, but never forgetting. There are too many times when we just wanna pick up the phone to call or actually do but then realize he wont answer. My mother sometimes will say she saw a nice house for sale and for me to call Biddie and tell him about it. That was one of our things - she'd see a house, call me to call on it and I would - then call Biddie and tell him about it. Too bad my neighbor didnt get foreclosed on earlier!
* Ideally I would teach for relational understanding because even though it’s much harder to teach and for students to learn, it sticks a lot better and it aids them in making connections to other mathematics. I think that this isn’t necessarily an achievable goal, however. With all of the standards I need to cover I won’t always be able to dedicate the time needed to reach a relational understanding. I already run into this in my tutoring. Just last night the student I tutor, Al, didn’t know how to find the “similarity ratio” of similar triangles. I was able to very quickly show him how to do it and he can now do it, but I don’t think he truly understands why. I could not have, however, spent my entire hour with him trying to teach him this because he has a test today and there were other things he didn’t understand either. I’m guessing I will have similar experiences in a classroom.
Thanks for looking and next time I'm going to try my hardest to get it done the first week of the challenge, you never know I may get one done the second week too.
When I ran for office, I was not a part of the original proposal to form the District. I read the material that was presented, and when asked, I firmly stated that “It was about time something permanent was done.”
So where is the ‘unreachable star’? Its inside of us. Its the Eternal connection between our own Spirit and the Divine. We think its unreachable because we feel disconnected and separate from the Divine. But we’re not, we never were. Our physical bodies have created weight which causes us to feel like we’re ‘down here’ and the Divine is ‘up there.’ But the truth is, we are still as connected as we ever were and when we realize this to the extent we allow ourselves to feel it in our bodies and spirits, then we have beaten the foe, laid down the sorrow, run through the dark recesses with courage, we have righted the unrightable wrong and we are our best selves. We have reached the unreachable star.
I see that I first wrote a blog entry about my young musicians project on March 8, 2011. Well, nine months later, almost to the day, my "Young Musicians" book became a reality. And yes, it was an eventful pregnancy and birth, not always easy but always a labor of love.
#2 Sleeping Beauty
Politically, Morrison says he's always voted Republican (in the election of 1913, he says he "wanted" T.R. to win but voted for Taft because he believed Taft would win, but then realized "it was Wilson all the time"). He claims he would have voted for FDR in 1936 "if I hadn't been sick this year," even though he thought Hoover would take it. He thought Nixon would win instead of JFK in the 60's but lost because of Japanese voters ("The Japanese they run out of California during the war"), which outrages him because his grandson (also named George Morrison) died while dive-bombing and sinking a Jap battleship in WWII; he was his daughter's only son.
The amuse bouche is presented in a curved glass bowl set on a imprinted stone. The glossy dollop of duck liver custard is so satin smooth I have to pause and catch my breath. It's enhanced by a delicately wobbly pear jelly but it's the puffed buckwheat I love most, crunchy nuggets of cereal that make me think of chocolate crackles.
Krusovice Imperial 12°; Czech Republic, Bohemian Pilsener, 5%
For a change I’ve even factored in the time I’ll need to wait and collect the New Drugs I expect the doctor to give me. For tis a little known fact how slowly the chemist ladies move, and how long it takes them to pile through the first methadone prescriptions of the day).
The pacing of the novel propels it along at a satisfying rate and the world building is smooth, believable, absorbing. Sure there are infodumps, but they’re cleverly blended infodumps that provide much needed backstory. Which helps round out the world (and unlike so many other fantasy novels recently, do not descend into the mind numbing minutiae of detailing everything).
I’ve discussed this topic briefly in the past, where I gave props to Alanis Morissette’s “You Oughta Know.” It seems I’ve moved from the anger stage to more of the sadness stage of my breakup, because that song is no longer on my top 10 list. It served me well during the anger phase, but here’s my top 10 list of the best/worst breakup songs that will never fail to depress the hell out of you (in a good way).
Bless someone this Thanksgiving!
The new host offered me a free domain, so I’ve chosen to take one that will be found here eventually. At the moment there are no pages in it as I’ve still to decide what I want to write about, but I’ll blog about it again when I’ve added some content.
Accessories came from 5th & Oxford and ByKay. I keep coming back to these fabulous gloves in every colour, loving the length options and the design itself. They provide a chic finish to lots of evening looks, and highlight rings most beautifully. The jewellery is part of a set in the same style, featuring pearlescent stones and delicate chains, fused together to create some very delicate and ornate pieces.
You see most people in the world don’t smile anymore because the world is a poopy, poopy place and simply by smiling, you appear to have your stick and stones all sharpened and that makes you better than them. Then you ask the target for advice on something that has absolutely nothing to do with sex and everything to do with social boundaries. “You think mascots are too predatory in nature?”. Congratulations, if she begins to speak to you, you are flirting. Well done, Svetlana. Final summation, as long as you don’t pull a sharp stick on someone and start stabbing them in the chest of jugular vein, you’re probably gonna end up flirting with them specially if you smile.
I’ve never been a big zombie fan. I don’t like the movies, whether they are meant to be funny or scary, they always seem to be lost on me. I’m not a fan of the television shows about them or dressing up as a zombie for Halloween. That being said, I thought this book was hilarious. It is the Jane Austen novel with excerpts added in about zombie attacks. As the Bennett girls walk to and from their neighbors homes they have to fight off unmentionables. Elizabeth, who was formerly just a feminist who was ahead of her time and refused to settle for a less-than-extraordinary man, has become a butt-kicking slayer in this account. At one point in the book the Bennett sisters form a circle in the middle of a ball and fight off 15 of their undead former neighbors. Once the fighting is done, things pick up right where they left off in terms of Mrs. Bennett playing the matchmaker, while Mr. Bennett would prefer that his daughters obtain a solid education (in zombie-slaying, mind you) and be able to defend themselves.
This was one of my favourite releases at CHA this summer! Look how versatile these papers are...they have a gorgeous sophisticated look....a staple in any girl's paper crafting closet! Check out this link from YouTube which shows you all the product available in this collection. Little Black Dress I brought in the 6x6 pads, collection kits, brads/buttons page layout kit (which I cannot wait to make!) and all 18 double sided designer papers! If you are looking for anything else, let me know and I would be happy to order it in for you!
So as l have been watching the Crafting Diva called Sue Wilson l just had to get my spellbinders dies out and do something.
It all came together pretty easily. Memory Box holly vines add a very nice over the edge flourish. Here's a view of my completed Sizzix Big Shot Pro Candy-Shaped Box showcasing Sara Burrier's Poinsettia . . .
I decided that the least I could do was to wear an eye patch I liked over the ugly one from the hospital.
When I was a much younger man, I began to collect material for a book to be called The Day the World Ended.
Because if I can do this, so can you.
That little tidbit aside, yesterday was dedicated towards refining my internet presence. Updating links, tweaking layout, making future plans, It all looks nice. Or nice enough. There’s more work to do. Still, it’s a great way to spend a Sunday. Like gardening, making my small part of the world that much prettier. The satisfaction translates.
I've also been thinking about some of the ethical questions concerning the possible intelligent robots of the future and this ties in, too, with the sci fi novel for adults I've just finished writing.
Thanks for coming into the world and thanks for being such a sweet, little girl! We love you, Laney and can't wait for the next adventures. By the way, things are going to get even better in your third month as we already have great plans! One involves that adorable costume hanging on your closet door!
I’m not sure what Reggie is doing now, but I thought of him recently when, at the age of forty-two, I finally had my IQ tested. Being an adult with a fairly steady history of supporting myself, I thought it could do no real harm. What I failed to realize is that such a test mucks with both your past and your future, clarifying a lifetime of bad choices and setting you up for the inevitability of future failure.
I'll finish this later, I'm bored.
Polygamist haven
(4) I also love those floral arrangements and the spray painted vases.
I stole something…in a round about way. Kinda. Well, no I did. I must confess. As some of you are aware I was up half the night with anxiety over a missing teaspoon. When things go missing I go crazy. I thought it was just dummies but lately things are getting out of hand. Nothing should “just go missing” in my house. Everything is in order, so when something breaks that order I get proper anxious about it.
After that I made my way to SD Brewing Co. Their sampler is pictured. The hefe, nut brown, and amber were all solid. The blueberry ale and the raspberry chocolate porter were, well, fruity. They didn't have Hopnotic IPA on but after the bartender noticed my disappointment he magically found me a sample. It was a very delicious IPA. My tasting notes said "citrus, mango, blind pig like, citric bitterness, light fruits"
Now, I know that I could have gone online to get the dealership’s address and this man’s email, but the business card was the way in which the Lord reminded me that I shouldn’t be so quick to resign myself to failure, throw up my arms, and say, “I’ll get ‘em next time”. I can create the “next time” instead of wishing that it would just come my way.
What is a primal goal? Something that any human can relate to-- love, hunger, survival, etc. This is the most effective type of goal to keep a reader engaged in the story.
Funny looking back is so many memories.
And today I have spent £1, on cat litter tray liners.
In the case of Kevin, it had something to do with the ghosts of long-dead baseball greats gathering together in some stadium he built in the middle of a cornfield to play one last glorious game of ball. I don’t remember all the details of the film, I was too busy curled up in agony in the corner of the living room, tormented by the thought I was wasting a precious hour and a half of my life watching the damned thing.
It was nice to get back together again and even nicer to have friends
Besides, tortured peals of terrified pain should only be heard in my living room if I'm watching "'Til Death." Hey-ohhhhh!!
Pro-euthanasia advocates often argue that seeing life as “sacred” is a religious value and therefore should not be taken into account in the formulation of public policy.
I was lucky enough to receive an audiobook of The House I Loved by Tatiana de Rosnay, so I've been listening to this one in my car. So far I am enjoying this audio more than A Secrept Kept.
Hi everyone, I just want to thank everyone for all the wonderful and inspiring comments from my Anniversary and Blogaversary! I appreciated each and everyone of them.
I have been busy playing with some gorgeous new stamps from Sheena Douglass which she will be launching on Create and Craft on the 19th May and thought you might like a peek. I'm showing you a few today as I won't be around much in Blogland this week.
The thing about chemicals is that they are genuinely healthy. On a basic level food preservatives extend human life rather than reduce it by the simple act of reducing food poisoning caused by rotten food. All the organic hippy health nuts basically are wrong. Human longevity has been increasing all the time food production has been industrialised and chemical food additives have been used. These chemicals go through testing and pass safety tests natural ingredients would fail. Most people over the age of 60 are alive because of a diet of unnatural chemicals prescribed by doctors to thin blood, reduce cholesterol and regulate the functioning of organs. In short if it’s got an E number it’s good for you. Organic vegans beware; you are going to die early.
The difference was illustrated to me just yesterday. A book arrived in the mail that my wife had wanted: "Ten Poems to Change Your Life" by Roger Housden, which I found for pennies online. My wife and I are reading some of the poems in the book, along with author commentary. There is one poem by Rumi, the 13th century Persian Muslim poet, mystic, theologian. It is titled "Zero Circle". It starts:
With the Google book search tool, people from all part of the globe can gain access to different public domain books. This means a door of opportunity especially for students who are in quest of Christian books and other related materials.
Compassion means to feel empathy for the needs and wants of others. When we are self-absorbed and self-important we overlook the needs and wants of other people. We will even kill them if it suits our whims, just as millions of people kill animals and destroy nature every day because it suits their tastes.
It is said that the craft beer community -- top to bottom -- has a camaraderie unlike any other. Having experienced it personally time and time again, I can attest to the truthfulness of that statement. There really is nothing like it anywhere else, and it is my sincerest desire that the global wave of popularity craft beer is riding right now doesn't ever ruin that.
I don’t often read YA novels because the tend to be overly dramatic (too much pathos for me), but The Fault in Our Stars has so much buzz surrounding it, with so many of my friends raving, that I decided to give it a try. I am so glad I did because John Green has created something quite special here.
Identifies rationalism with idealistic projects and movements. This seems strange, perhaps because the discussion is made in a vacuum of any context in modern bureaucracies.
And you are not alone. There have been many men and women before you who have advocated for women in ministry and leadership. There are many more around you now.
When I heard the Florida special prosecutor Angela Corey announce that second degree murder charges would be brought against George Zimmerman, my first thought was that she was enhancing her resume in the hopes of becoming a judge someday.
Her concept for a children’s TV series called The Upside-Down People, (featuring characters called Sagacious, Prod and Umpulk) never saw the light of day; nor did a ghost story called Walking To Coverack, inspired by a holiday we took in Cornwall in – oh wow, I’m dating myself here – 1971.
Flappy didn't even blink when she hit her head which just goes to prove what I've always said. She has nothing much up there to hurt, nothing but a mound of dirt. Why the hell did she have to move them anyway? Just to prove they could do such an act at Pat's work bay? If something has wheels wouldn't anyone with half a brain assume that it could move with ease? Between Flappy's ears there has to be an ever flowing breeze.
is of course pointless
THE CABAL SENT IN BLACK HELICOPTERS – BUT WERE CHASED OUT
Sorry you are having a low day. The words of others can uplift yet in their absence, when we feel more isolated and not-validated it can be so discouraging. I so need validation on some days and it is just not there. My husband keeps telling me to stop looking for it from the outside and just to know what I want and that I have to recognize what I'm doing on my path and to somehow feel that validation from within myself (and from him). The more I look to others for the validation the more they disappoint me so I give up on the majority of people in my life to reassure me what I'm doing is worthwhile and important and valuable. I have a few close friends I can call when I'm feeling low and just ask for them to please tell me some encouraging things, and they do. I know somewhere within you, you do have that power, it must just be buried today. A good night's sleep often does wonders.
But on a side note, you need to use big burger buns! Our buns were quite small, and the burger patties were enormous! Yeah I could have made them smaller… But I didn’t! The patties were so delicious and juicy… I will definitely make these again. The only thing was… We forgot to put egg in the burger! But our fillings of beetroot, lettuce, mustard, cheese, and tomato was still amazing. Oh and let’s not forget the homemade aioli sauce which was also amazing!
I know what you're thinking. Cauliflowha? What's cauliflower got to do with mashed potatoes? I'm gonna make you squirm here when I say this idea was introduced to me by Jillian Michaels on the Biggest Loser. I know, I know, my Primal friends just died a little inside.
Today was our monthly Breastfeeding Support Group Meeting.
Nobody is perfect and sometimes we can make a wrong decision or lose our way. Exploring Amsterdam was a challenging but fun experience. We made a few wrong turns and got lost in the city quite often on that trip. However, sometimes straying from the path isn’t such a bad thing after all. Getting lost allows you to see more and discover new places by chance. Losing your way in life can bring you new opportunities and experiences. Sometimes the new way can be more enriching than the path you had originally chosen for yourself.
Humiliation for BN in the State Assembly
This year I look forward to getting some raw honey and bee pollen (because they are very healthy for you), getting some wonderful reed avocados, buying some locally made hummus and pita bread, and buying tons of apples, oranges, celery, beets and carrots for my juicer (which should be arriving in the mail today).
What cliches do you hate in paranormal romance? Which ones do you love?
Sunday, May 13th
“Dad,” Moody shouted as she hurried to turn off the music, “You don’t have anywhere to go this week. It’s not on the calendar.”
How's this for something different, an altered Jenga Block. My friend's partner actually found about 10 blocks in a skip, I ended up with 5. They've been sitting in my drawer for ages,so I thought I would get one out and use it for the daily challenge over at the Craftymess Group on Facebook. The challenge was to use Pink/Steampunk/Butterfly. I first painted the block with cream emulsion paint,then I covered all sides,top and bottom with some steampunk embossed card that my friend had given me a while ago,to colour the piece I used "Worn lipstick" distress ink. The butterfly was cut from an old book and also coloured with the same distress ink, I made 2 pink antennae.The little boy image is from a sheet of freebie images.Finally I added some stickles and the small metal embellishments.
After spending hours inside the pages of last year's JDA Christmas book,
Outiside of Japan, most Zen practioners experience enlightenment gradually, as opposed to the full smack upside the head that satori can create. It is through meditaiton, and being completely aware that you gradually gain enlightenment. As the ego starts to fall away, the so-called “real” self emerges.
Top Ten Lists are updated on a daily basis. Click on the following link to view the Top Ten list for the journal Asian Law eJournal Top Ten.
individuals are prepared for any fortuitous occurrences
What do I mean by this? I believe that in the course of learning a new language, you have two tasks with each new word. You must memorise the word. What is the actual word? Is it “nomimasu” or “yomimasu”? Once you have memorised the word – you know how the word sounds – you can focus on meaning. I understand that this word is “nomimasu” and now I need to remember that this is what I do to water, or juice or beer.
Below is an Easter card I made using one of the SU! stamp sets that was out last year in a mini catalog. I got to use that nice wide ribbon too; never thought that would happen! All in all I am very happy with it. The Happy Easter stamp is Memory Box. I also stamped a sentiment inside; I think that was from PrintWorks, but I'll find out for sure.
Here’s a rundown of our schedule (so far):
News came today that Ken thought that today might be a good day to take his first ambulance ride. After experiencing some "odd sensations" in his chest this morning, that he could not quite put his finger on, he decided to err on the side of caution, and called 911. Smart man, wouldn't you say? Looks as if that move has yielded to an overnight stay at his local hospital for observation. Not the kind of much needed get away he more than likely could use or would like, but a vital and necessary one anyway.
The only adjustments I made were in the analogue domain. I didn't make any changes to the Saffire 14 when I flipped the tape to side B.
Read The Old Jarhead’s full post here.
I am an original source junkie anyway, I’ve loved it since they brought out their
Luke 22:46 And said unto them, Why sleep ye? rise and pray, lest ye enter into temptation.
'Cause what if Your blessings come through raindrops
Will Disney’s John Carter also clear the racial politics of the Burroughs novel?
We have some new and exciting things for you...
If you already have this and think its not for you then try again because the results are worth the effort and if you know anyone who doesn't wear foundation then its a perfect product for them too.
After a good nights rest, much needed after the long trek to the cottage, We set off, initially to the nearby town of Poolewe. According to the local paper, there was a weekly produce market and that seemed the ideal place to stock up with provisions. Setting off, along the main road we were more than a little shocked, rounding a bend, to discover this…
Finished in Basalt Black Metallic with Black Partial Leather Interior this new, unregistered Cayman 2.9 comes with the following options in addition to the standard specification:-
I started this blog talking a lot about comparative religion and my experiences in Arkansas as a new minority. For the last semester I've been out of the state, and really out of touch with the world lol.
Conversely, a country like Denmark is aiming at a 100% renewable energy target and I’m trying to understand the differences between “flexible” and “inflexible” power sources, technological advances in thermal power storage for solar and wind, and Smart Grids.
To compensate for low prices, herders have been increasing supply by breeding more goats — a classic vicious circle. Mongolia’s goat population is now approaching 20 million, the highest ever recorded.
The poem itself wasn’t published until after Shelly’s death, fearing reprisals!
I took the harp home, put it in the living room, and let it glory in its moment in the spotlight. Then I cleaned out my music bag, reorganized my Christmas music and put it all back on the shelf until next year's lights and action.
That was surreal. The making of the video itself was a trip – Mikal asked a friend, Constantine Limperis, who taught video production at NYC’s School of Visual Arts if he’d like to shoot a music video. Constantine had a great reel of commercial work and had never done a video, so he said “love to”. He got a production crew of students and 16mm film cameras from the school and we did the entire thing – editing included – for under $4000. We then proceeded to give it away to anybody that wanted it, and it found its way into Rancid’s hands. They were guest hosts on MTV’s 120 Minutes, and played it. MTV really liked it, and went on to use bits of the video in other shows – House of Style, Spring Break and the like, which then got it picked up into regular rotation. So it was on about 8 times a day for about 6 months and it really made a big difference in how we were perceived by clubs – and fans – as we went out on the road. From about 1995 to 1998, we were playing 275 shows a year, constantly on the road.
As the NBA summer league is in full swing this is the time to see what all the fuss was about on draft night. Very good first round players mixed with 2nd round non guarantee contract playing for a spot on their respective team’s roster. Let’s not forget the unproven talents of bench players who didn’t get much play during the regular season. This is a great time to see whose got game and who does not. So after the disappointing “decision” of Jabron Lames this is a good change of pace and the future is looks good. Here is the 2010 roster of the NY Knicks:
I realised this week that Benjamin makes himself scarce when the camera comes out so he doesn't appear in front of it to often, something I shall rectify this week lol.
This excerpt is from a book I’m writing on the changing role of community support workers, due to be published by Spectrum Press this fall.
Take the commercial for stamps.com. You know the one, it starts with the annoying guy and this gem “There’s nothing worse than going to the post office and waiting in line”. Errrrrrrr, really? What about if I knocked on your door then when you opened it, I took a run up kicked you in balls, would that be worse? Nope, theres nothing worse. What if I someone burnt down your house, would that be worse? Nope, nothing worse. What if a dog ate your children, would that be worse? Nope. Post Office – Hmm, clearly it would appear I don’t go to the post office often enough. It’s a bit tedious when there is a queue, yes, but nothing more than a small inconvenience. And I’m not the only one this guy annoys. Check out his “re-mixed” quote with war footage here (also embedded below), or some more discussion here. The odd thing is, this product might even be good!
Our gym has a rock wall that up until last month we had never used. Never. In five years. Why? It had never even crossed my mind!
He was forced alcohol and forced to fight children in the neighborhood, and if he lost a fight he was forced to get into a bath tub and be whooped by family members. Mr. Hamlin looked up to his older family members and was fearful of what they would make him do.
Much like the rest of us, really …
13 27 26.68 , 79 10 30.74
Who was it? Was it a fellow Christian? Was it a conservative Republican? Was it a human right activist?
As it is across generations, might it be across the individuals that make up the generational branches of a family tree?
So as of this day forward, I am using my blog to broadcast my journey to a happier mind and a better-looking, better-feeling body. There will be pictures. As more weight comes off, there might be bikini pics. Who knows. I’ll try to put a NSFW tag in the title.
Cinncinnati Reds - (Nachos Grande - Paid)
The 39-year-old was actually living with a partner.
Then we have “dulia”, which is given to all the other saints since they’ve lived their lives in the service of the Lord and made it to His kingdom.
This week's prizes are a £10 voucher from My Mum's Craft Shop and 5 Digi's from Kenny K
Hi friends, this is my last week of being on the design team for Simon Says Stamp and Show. I have a lot of new things coming up in my life and I decided not to re-up for another 6 month term. Believe me, it was extremely tough to make that decision and I am going to miss the team severely. It has become such a part of my life and my week.
I know some blogger's won't leave a comment if there is one...
May 7-13 is Mental Health Week. Mental Health has played a big role in my life, from dealing with the disorders of family members to recently discovering my own disorder. I spent some time, today, looking at the Canadian Mental Health Association's website and did some e-advocating on behalf of people dealing with mental illness. I changed my facebook profile picture to the suggested No More Stigma image and linked to information on my own mental health issue; anxiety disorders. Too often, people with mental health disorders are labelled according to their illness (what they are thought to be) and treated accordingly. That stigmatised treatment is a dangerous habit. A person's actions tend to inevitably match the way in which they are treated. I urge everyone to get educated about mental health. My mental illness makes me who I am; I'm not ashamed to admit I have it; I'm not embarrassed to talk about it.
The fact is, despite the power it derives from reserves of gas and oil, Russia is weak both politically and militarily, something that Lukashenka clearly understands. Quite apart from fears of being trapped in another swamp, the unwillingness to intervene in the Kyrgyz situation is an indication that the army is simply not equipped for a prolonged peace-keeping mission. The Russian ‘sphere of influence’ is clearly little more than a geo-political dream, pretence at a power that has vanished and vanished for good.
Everything seems extra shiny right now. Silver, gold and shimmer. Maybe its the time of year, and retailers are subliminally selling to us...telling us what to buy. Then again they always do that... but lately my eye seems to be attracted to anything reflective. My make-up is a little more sparkly, I am obssessing over a Rose Gold anything....and well jewelry is not always first on my list- (strange for a girl I know) but I've actually got a recurring theme dancing in my head.
You have to picture it under a coffee table and in front of my couch and chair haha My color scheme scares most people, but when all is said and done I think you guys will love it!!! lol I love it already!!!
Moon thought long and hard....again. He needed these dogs and he needed them bad.
After forcing back tears--I'm a man, dammit!--exhaustion finally got the better of me, the pain finally ebbing enough for me to sleep. When the morning's light shone, I examined my once proud right foot now it all its mangled glory. A nasty gash, a toenail bent back, possible infection with gangrene. And a low, dull ache that is my new, constant companion.
I had the cold grass jelly, and it was simply amazing! Smooth, with the right amount of texture that had the perfect combination of resistance and yet, when came to the bite, it was just bursting with a delicate flavor.
Could I have more fun with resin?
I received some wonderful stickers and clear tubes from SRM to play with! They were great to play with and it was my first time using them! I made two separate projects for today's post. This post is fairly picture heavy, so I'm going to keep my descriptions to a minimum.
conscience with respect to the Third Reich, and the country’s shameful past and its consequences have been his most central literary theme – most famously in his acknowledged masterpiece, The Tin Drum. He has described his work as “writing against forgetting.” He has also been someone who has consistently and publicly identified himself as an intellectual with left-wing sympathies – to such an extent that he publicly campaigned for Willi Brandt in the sixties. He has commented, often controversially, about many issues of German public life; from reunification to
1 cheatin'
Issued by,
I had been getting prepped for surgery most of that afternoon, so at 2:45, we headed back.
I don't think I have made much this year, though I did a craft stall in August. I seriously under-estimated the amount of products I needed for a stall, but did sell one of my paintings! I was bowled over at that and vow to produce some more. I do continue to knit, though and made a knitted vest for my grandson, as well as a colour work cardigan for one of my grand-daughters. I am slowly coming around to knitting toys and tree ornaments - currently thee is a teddy bear, with clothes on the needles for one grand-daughter who will be five this year, and is well into dressing and undressing dolls. One of her wishes at Christmas time was for some clothes for her Barbie and Ken - so they are now fully furnished with trousers, jumpers and hats!
ON SWAYING SKIFF
A lot of people say that drugs and prostitution are immoral. Perhaps, but if you feel that way, don’t participate in them. Lot’s of things are immoral, but that doesn’t make them illegal.
Daniel Little puts forward three issues are worth investing in China’s agriculture: First, the nature and rate of agricultural development (output, productivity and application of new technologies). Second, the direction and nature of change in rural welfare during the period. Third, the character and pace of social change during this period (rural to urban migration, land tenure change, concentration of landholdings).
Geologist John Holloway, who helped invest in John McNerney’s mercury detector, had this to say about her death.
Hello and welcome to the first challenge over at For Fun for this year. We are starting off with a challenge you all love; Anything goes. This week we have no sponsor and do it all for fun.
DR EVIL: Ha ha, always controversial, but unless I’m much mistaken, those ankles belong to the one and only Miss Fatmammycat, and wait, those thigh boots, yes, it’s Miss Lindy K, and who’s this escorting them? Why it’s Mr Vaporiser himself and our very own Binty McShae. That’s him with the can of Stella. Guys, guys! A quick word. Mr Vaporiser, Binty, if I may, how do you see it going tonight? What are your thoughts?
So what to do? Answer--nothing. Just enjoy the hospitality offered to me by some wonderful French friends, never again mention Petain and try at the very least to keep up with the hamster.
I also made another little dog (unusual due to its color) veeery small and full jointed too, just 10 mm tall, here it is next to my ruler:
White: Correct – and what was Lord Mountbatten’s first name?
Slingshot SEO, the innovative firm delivering digital relevance for deserving brands, has partnered with national digital metrics firm Infinitive Analytics to produce aguide that details how analytics professionals can leverage the distinct advantages of Adobe SiteCatalyst.
1. It was yummy
DVD's
- 1/2 cup unsweetened almond milk
S ♥
“Perhaps,” He nodded quietly.
I've wrestled with the idea of starting a separate blog more about the musings of my daily life. But then I think... well I'd want to start like 20 separate blogs! One about all the funny things the kiddos do each day. One about all the drama in my life. One about all the stuff I buy that I would want people to either run straight to the store and buy for themselves or to be sure to not even consider wasting their time or money on. One about all the tv shows I'm addicted to. And the list would go on and on....
Asian Paints
-Recipes for household, homemade cleaners/detergents
New Year's eve is like every other night; there is no pause in the march of the universe, no breathless moment of silence among created things that the passage of another twelve months may be noted; and yet no man has quite the same thoughts this evening that come with the coming of darkness on other nights. ~ Hamilton Wright Mabie
Fintan McClaine wants freedom from the dark curse he’s suffered for centuries. When Beth arrives with evidence that she shares ancestral ties with his Selgovae Celt tribe, he must confront the truth of his inherited damnation. As he struggles to convince Beth the truth within her dreams, she awakens a dangerous and forbidden yearning in his heart.
These beds turned up pretty much empty...a piece or two of small browns, a couple of "undercooked" pieces, nothing special...so north bound we continued, and as we passed a jetty we noticed a HUGE pile of shells along the jetty and up on the beach along the high tide line...and I mean H U G E! A few inches deep, and several feet wide...3 big collections that were apparently left behind by what must have been an especially powerful high tide...and this collection of shells was found nowhere else on the beach...and we walked several blocks and never even came across a sign that anything like this would be possible on this day (I had not seen a collections of shells on LBI in a couple years, and that was immediately after a severe Nor'eastern that coincided with a New Moon)
A horrible nightmare but real. After getting through our meal, Bill and I then drove to Tom's house. His wife and children were being attended by several people who had arrived when they learned what had happened. Wanda and Tom had came to our house just a week before this and Tom told me I was going to have a boy; he said he could tell the way I was carrying the baby for I was all butt! He was walking behind so that's all he saw, I guess, at that moment. He seemed awfully pleased of the fact you were to be a boy. He and Wanda had two little girls. He probably, as most men do, also wished for a son.
Anne Sexton – Unknown Girl In A Maternity Ward
I Am Greatly Changed
Still wearing two worn out second-hand shoes,
So in the meantime, I’ve had to listen to it via other means. Well I hit the jackpot with this CD. This guitarist is actually not Spanish, he is from Montenegro, but he is a master at classical guitar, and several of his pieces on this album are Spanish. Listening to it at home seems to calm everyone down, and everyone says they like it. Maybe it’s partly helping us in our New Years resolution of not yelling so much.
9. She runs successful crochet classes from her home (and a shop in nearby Cambridge).
Since asparagus is best when it's super fresh, I'll often cook up the whole pound within a day or so of bringing it home, and what we don't eat right way gets put into the freezer to make the soup later. At the end of the recipe, I'll explain how I do that.
I'm talking about the danger from parental anger or judgment should something break.
All of the roads are open (The opportunity awaits you all you have to do is give in)
While that’s not untrue, it’s another example in which “critics” bring up a point that the reporter could make independently; as I’ve noted several times, in Los Angeles, where CBAs have been pioneered, signatories don’t take money from developers.
Meanwhile I held the disobedient's hand. He flopped. I lifted. He sat down. I held on gently but firmly, not letting go of his hand the whole time. He moved this way and that trying to be released from my hand.
Where do you write? I’m interested to know if you find it distracting? Do you feel you are being watched? Or can you work as you would at home? Just curious. I hate tea and coffee anyway.
House covered in drywall compound dust.
The IDNs now permits the use of characters in the Spanish language along with vowels with diacritical signs: á é í ó ú ü ñ. The hyphen (-) is also permitted.
unique viewing experience is the film making skill of director
Render me gravely
Trust yourself! There was no one who made it through 2011 who is without any intuitive abilities and gifts. It is just that you haven’t recognized them yet! Perhaps you think intuition involves sudden and vivid flashes of mental images and memories. While it is true that some people, who are highly visual, do get intuitive messages in such a dramatic fashion, for most of us it is more common place and straightforward. Because intuition is not a special gift reserved only for the specially chosen people; it is as common as common sense and equally less used!
The scripture is this: 2 Pet 1:4 – He has given us His very great and precious promises, so that by these you might be partakers of the divine nature having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust.
Make Your Health—and Your Bones—a Priority
70.
Just as I said that, MSN kicked the ball down the majority of the field. And hard. “I would not like to get hit by one of his balls,” Ally mistakenly said.
If you’re reading this,
I do not see how things can change. The sprawling black regions of the cities are so homogeneous, so big, and so isolated from the white world, television aside, as not to be susceptible to outside influence. Whites do not go in, and blacks do not come out. A steady-state model of the universe, so to speak.
Medium Distress Inks (ReInkers)
I wish I may, I wish I might, I wish that I could be a Lady of Proverbs 31 tonight! Are you able to become a lady of Proverbs 31 simply by wishing to become a perfect wife, mother, employee or employer? Unfortunately, becoming a lady of Proverbs 31 is a little more difficult than that I am afraid. The passages in the Bible that make up Proverbs 31lady is Proverbs 31:10-31 and those verses describe a lady that is the perfect example of whom we are to become. But, it is absolutely impossible for any of us to do. And lucky for us, God knows that. You will be ok once you realize and understand that you will never become the perfect Proverbs 31 lady. I know that it is a difficult concept to understand, that God knows we will never be the perfect Proverbs 31 lady and that is OK! But it really is ok because God desires us to work towards being a Proverbs 31 lady. During our lifetime, we don’t have to be completely successful in our endeavors of becoming a Proverbs 31 lady, we just need to constantly strive to be as much of a Lady of Proverbs 31 as we can.
5-Gone For Good
But now, all sorts of things seem to be going on with “American lager”, and there’s a range of flavours within, from the solid, simple and traditional, to the wild and weird. Here’s a few we tried this summer.
five minutes after waking up
She's been asking me to teach her to sew, since she was a kid and she's now an adult. She used to suggest we could have some quality mother and daughter time together teaching her to sew. In an ideal world, I would have stopped everything and spent the time with her. This was, however, during the period when I was only doing repairs, taking up hems and sewing dancing costumes. Any sewing I did, I wanted done quickly. I was working full time, the kids had extra curricular activities on every day after school and Mr TMW worked long hours. Yeah, I know, excuses, excuses, excuses!!! Anyway, it didn't happen.
1/2 Tbsp. sugar
Anywhere you go
First off, I need to decide on the most effective use of my time.
Are we to see a retraction from all those clever sophisticates who wrote their falsehoods, believing them to be true – or not bothering to find out and taking them on trust? And if they got those details wrong, those which they so confidently retailed, what else did they get wrong? And why are we simpletons who need silly little things like evidence so wrong?
When we last went to the Port Costa Warehouse for a bit of inspiration, Katherine Summer asked the barkeep for the keys to the Burlington Hotel across the street. Some of us have been wanting to do a photo shoot there for some time. It is purported to be haunted and to be an old brothel. The names of the girls on the doors give it away......
Which, as they kiss, consume.”
He did not say this on his own, but since he was high priest for that year, he prophesied that Jesus was going to die for the nation, and not only for the nation, but also to gather into one the dispersed children of God. So from that day on they planned to kill him. (John 11:49-53)
“You okay, dude? You’ve been awfully quiet today.” She said concerned as we walked arm in arm by the park.
The Patents County Court for England and Wales, demonstrating just how inaccurate its name really is, provides clear discussion of various aspects of unregistered design right protection under the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988.
This is why 1 Thessalonians 4.13-18 speaks not of “rapture” in the sense of being taken out of this world before it is destroyed, but of humanity going out to meet Jesus and ushering him in with all due praise and adoration (as the citizens of a city do when a dignitary arrived for a visit). Therefore, the question this text asks of us is not whether or not our car will be “unmanned” or “unwomaned” at the “rapture,” but what kind of world will we welcome Jesus to when he returns?
Bowman Chrome Draft Future's Game Prospects #BDPP109 - Refractor
Just a little Drink for THOUGHT…the next time you reach for the Diet Cola or hand your child a glass of Crystal Lite… which are filled with this neuron altering chemical called ASPARTAME (deemed “safe” by the FDA)
Jackie Weaver followed the sparkly trend on the red carpet in this dress by Australian designer Collette Dinnigan. She knows her limits, foundation garnments and this makes her look radiant. We heart this look.
Oh heavens above this Blogging is giving me more of a headache than I needed :(
A 25-year-old man was killed and his 23-year-old companion was raped after being hijacked in Orkney near Potchefstroom, North West police said on Monday.
realised I had been recruited as an un-groomed immigrant wage slave
Tomorrow evening, Cincinnati’s Contemporary Arts Center will present a unique performance by the Cincinnati-based quartet Makr. Comprised of current and former CCM students Suzanna Barnes, Brodie Johnson, Eddy Kwon and Josh Ulrich, Makr will take on “In iij. Noct.,” – a demanding piece by the acclaimed Austrian modern composer Georg Friedrich Haas – in complete darkness.
The buildings and homes I paint are very simple and unassuming, as if their main purpose is as a vista point to watch the changing skies. Where I live we are a high enough elevation that sometimes as the sun goes down, the water and meadows have a yellow glow or "meadow light". I really enjoyed piling on the textures here, and my paint was very thick and creamy. I blend right on my canvas and re-work my paintings over and over until they seem to be, finally, finished.
4. anticipate: When you anticipate a party, you look forward to it.
Thu- off
The PC’s made their way out the West Trade Road in reasonably good time. There was no rushing really, the mission wasn’t greatly urgent so far as they knew. They reached the Paddington Stead a little after mid day and spoke to the people there. Greeted by Garth and Graen Paddington, the PC’s were introduced to several members of the family and staff.
Then you will be forced to rip up boards from the stair landing above to find the leak, and when you find it you realize that you have no room to remove or repair the pipe without knocking out a section of LOAD BEARING wall…
What I found here is rare.
I may seem a little naive, but I still believe in people. I believe we have goodness that is being bottled deep inside our soul. But we don’t let it out, and make our lives miserable as well as the people around us. This serves no purpose whatsoever.
Waterproofing
To be honest, my idea of the perfect love and life does not fall into the same category as society’s idea of Prince Charming or the ideal life. I don’t care if the man of my dreams is a CEO of a company or makes millions of dollars. I’m a simple girl with a simple mind, and I really don’t require much at all. When a woman states her ideal engagement ring it usually includes a huge diamond, or multiple diamonds, that costs more than $5,000. If you ask me what my ideal engagement ring is, I will tell you a princess cut, solitaire ring no more than ½ carat. You think I’m joking? I’m not. This has been my dream ring since I can remember.
Daisies are such simple and cheerful flowers. They are the first flowers we drew as children. I have lots of different versions of daisies in my garden.
Echoing for all the museum to hear she declares, “Jules, he has a peter!”
Inga is at such a fun age. She's super mobile--walking, running, climbing--and is learning how to join in her siblings' games.
Le Forum has an old-boys’ school feel with its scattering of comfy armchairs, dark wood, low tables and cozy corners. I loved the two old juke boxes in the back, although took issue with what I found to be extremely unattractive carpet. (This certainly doesn’t affect the cocktails - I just often wonder why both public transportation upholstery and business carpeting can be found in such horrendous patterns).
There’s very little that you could do at a conference that would be so catastrophic. So I think that my number 1 piece of advice would be this:
One pkg (30) Leaf Stick Pins, Green and White mix
4. They make it easy for you to comply.
Falling in love with a painting is easy. Your anima projects right onto it like a silver screen. But if the painting comes to life, as you so devoutly wish, all of a sudden it's not a silver screen but a dark, swirling muddy mess of paint that never dries and thinks you're beneath her social class. Dana Andrews is terrified as now his unconscious feminine ego is outside of his own unconscious and freed into byzantine reality where he can't 'own' it as he'd like.
Don’t throw that strawman at the people. The original faith issue conquers all arguments about people making non-arguments. This point is moot and culture and faith ORIGINALE is the real issue. Xianity is an Aramean/Armenian import of the near middle East from what some call ‘sand n1gg3rs’. Not white enough!
4) Using permanent hair color.
After we installed some large mud flaps behind the rear wheels of the motorhome, we stopped using the fiberglass shield. Later we stopped using the vinyl windshield cover. After ten years and over 100,000 towing miles we never experienced any damage to the front of that car.
More than cleverness we need kindness and gentleness.
Greg Carbin, a meteorologist at the Storm Prediction Center in Norman, Okla., said Monday most of the tornadoes were in Kansas, followed by Oklahoma, Iowa and Nebraska. The tornadoes hit during a 24-hour period from 7 a.m. Saturday to 7 a.m. Sunday after forecasters warned of a “high risk” of severe weather.
Gen 2:8-9
Today is the big day- the Teaching Blog Expo is here!
· Jason Strauss, managing partner, TAO Group
A very special thanks goes out to Tania Lennox who, over the cours of the last couple of years has contributed in a way that I can never adequately thank her for. Tania, your support, love, kindness, generosity and willingness to do what needs to be done is second to none. You are the only reason I've kept this beautiful project going as long as I have. When I lose faith or focus, you are always there to get me back on track. Thank you so much, my dear friend. The success of this creative endeavour is as much yours as it is mine. Take a bow!
More info↓
The shoes have excellent arch support and shock absorption. While the sole is very sturdy, it is still flexible and I can lift my heel another inch or so off the ground when I flex my foot. The heel is set slightly forward, the same as my tango shoes. The heels are well balanced with no wobble. I thought the zipper heel was sort of gimmicky until I put it on and it conformed really well to my hard-to-fit narrow heel. (Plus my feet are significantly different sizes - the zipper actually helps with that.)
The authors concluded:
Aside from the unprecedented occurrence of flapping his mouth and threatening the Supreme Court about a matter pending before the justices, President Obama was also busy at a recent summit alienating our two closest neighbors.
I think that's about all here. Any news to share on your end?
My wonderful volunteer also gave me some insight afterwards on the techniques and struggles of the children. As I have observed many times before when we have made clay objects, you can get an entirely different view of the children when you give them a creative assignment such as this! One of my highest functioning students informed me after I gave the directions that he didn’t want to do this! I was a little surprised, because he is so successful at everything he does! But the volunteer told me that he simply gave up in the middle of the activity. Yet another little boy who struggles in some subjects really excelled in this project! He gave it some thought and decided to give his cube double walls of spaghetti to make them extra sturdy, and then ALSO add the diagonal posts required to make it strong. Then he used extra marshmallows on it to make sure that all of the extra pieces of spaghetti would stay put! WOW. I am guessing that THIS is why there are grants out there for teachers to develop STEM projects; to encourage and develop the talents of students like this! Here is a child that can think outside of the box and keep trying things until he gets it right. Bravo! But how would I have ever known that he had those skills without a project like this? Especially since this particular child doesn't always excel in language arts and usually does average work in math?
Still ... a beautiful thing from a wonderful person!!
Here's my first post about the festival. I'll be a regular attendee from now on. It's amazing to see how some things are truly timeless and connect with people in many eras.
I told her," yep, you need a spanking. " Saying that, still sitting on the floor I pulled her over my lap, with her jeans still on, I began a quick series of light spanks to each side of her fully clad bottom. She was always a verbal spankee, Ohhhh, OHHHH, OH!!!!. Then I told her, you know these have to come down. unsnapping the front of her jeans, she arched up a little and I pulled the jeans down to the lower part of her butt cheeks, then rubbing her back, I said, " patting her panties, these have to go too !!"
to kiss
So, in July, I did. That week, I made a choice to be kinder. I made a choice to be nicer. I made a choice to stop engaging. (I'm sorry, I'm trying to make this short.)
when you haven't got a body,
After many years of teaching and advising students on campuses including the University of Wisconsin and Stanford, budget cuts left me without a classroom. Finally, I could focus full time on my inherent artistic interests dyeing and weaving yarn.
(That's enough music theory I think. Any more and I'll show up my ignorance).
The game is totally FREE, but is supported with ads, which I must say are placed in the perfect spot to maximize potential clicks. BUT, since no one likes ads, purchasing any of the game upgrades (coming out soon) will automatically remove them. That’s big love.
Add to all of that, part of the rearranging will involve having a new electronic full-size piano--which I don't have yet, would like to buy from a specific store, but they don't know when it'll be in. I don't want to move the old one out until the new one is in, even though the old one is all crackly and undependable for the sound. I may give in and go to Best Buy. I'd so much rather support the music store, though. Besides, it's about $10 cheaper, I think, at the music store. ;)
Here are the Felco rankings done by the Billboarder and there records too:
Hello, or in Chinese, Ni Hao!
The instructor was a bilingual drill sergeant. “C’mon you big babies!” she cried. “This is only an hour!”
Cost: $10.00/ball approx. $20.00
i serve a great purpose
Seven Nigerian nationals appeared in the Bloemfontein Magistrate's Court on drug-related charges on Monday.
Was quite tired this evening, so I just took it easy up the hill and on the scramble, 42min from Chat. Chilly on the summit with snow visible above 8800' or so. Descended Greenman-SR-Amphi.
However. “Birthright” did not initially appear to be following the usual pattern. What first struck me was that it actually portrayed black people as criminals, committing crimes and actually killing people without some white person pulling the strings. Admittedly the victims were also black rather than white, but this was still revolutionary stuff for NBC.
-Check out Agotrop Cave, has a lot of goodies!
I declare Your blessings as a testimony of Your faithfulness. Amen.
Wood poppies have a fine, white hair or fuzz on the stem, bud, fruit capsule, and the underside of the leaves. If you break the stem, the sap is bright yellow. The bluish-green leaves are deeply lobed and very attractive, even when the plant is not in flower.
She talks to herself. It’s the little things: what to buy at the grocery store, what time she needs to be at work, don’t forget to grab a jacket. But, she says these things when no one is there to listen.
Et qui passaient, selon qu'ils changeaient d'auditoire,
"Can I help you?" I ask timidly.
In the meantime, I also made another kilt pin with tatting attached to it.
Follow these tips when you make a public speaking blunder:
Ohobilah’s smile grew wider. Everyone loved her so much. She knew she belonged where she was, at the head, with the king, as thousands of people cheered them. This was right. This was good. She fiddled with her bracelet happily, waving regally every once in a while, gently removing her arm from the king’s. He turned to her and kissed her cheek. His eyes were so passionate…so loving…so kind. Ohobilah looked down to the crowd. Their eyes were filled with the same love, the same beauty.
2 teaspoons finely shredded lemon peel (optional)
As this is being typed, a Drudge headline pops on my screen: 100 black teens beat white couple in Norfolk….media bury attack. But for how long will the Snatchers running things allow Drudge to operate before he too suffers a heart attack? A Republican president will not change anything, for Republicans are cowards, playing ball happily on a field in which the Left has been shifting the goalposts leftward for 50 years now without interruption.
- Size (LxHxD): 12.6″ x 11.4″ x 6.7″
What is being our best us ? ...Well that is the Billion Dollar question.
How do you “escape,” dear readers?
90. Right-handed people live, on average, nine years longer than left-handed people do.
Mid-Atlantic USA / East Coast — currently under hail and damaging winds.. heading ENE towards New England…
Anti-predatory alarm calls are important for social animals to alert others of approaching predators. Without the presence of "language", some non-human primates are known to give out different predator-specific alarm calls to alert conspecific. These non-human primates include ring-tailed lemurs (Zuberbühler et al., 1999), white-faced capuchin monkeys (Fichtel et al., 2005), Diana monkeys (Zuberbühler, 1999), Campbell's monkeys (Ouattara et al., 2009) and vervet monkeys (Seyfarth et al., 1980).
Munna Bhai M.B.B.S. (Brother Munna, Dr.) (2003; Sanjay Dutt, Arshad Warsi, Jimmy Shergill, Sunil Dutt, Gracy Singh, Boman Irani; directed by Rajkumar Hirani) is a very funny film produced by Vidhu Vinod Chopra. Sanjay Dutt is an atypical Bollywood hero: he’s not some young and handsome song-and-dance man, but in his early 50s with an endearing hound-dog appearance. He plays the title character, Munna Bhai, who is the nicest kidnapper and extortionist that you’ve ever had the pleasure of meeting. He wouldn’t be nearly as effective without his sidekick Circuit, played by Arshad Warsi, who exhibits loyalty beyond normal faithfulness and is a great comic foil.
I know this may have sneaked up on some of you since February is a relatively short month, but it's already time for the monthly Preparedness Challenge and the give-away sponsored by USA Emergency Supply! But before I tell you about the give-away this month, I want to remind everyone that I have written many posts on what I believe "being prepared" means.
1) What pets did you have when you were a child?
A second attorney has filed claims that Harris County medical examiner reports are invalid based on researcher and occasional Grits commenter David Fisher's findings that most of them had not signed constitutionally required oaths of office or bribery statements which are seemingly required for them to perform their duties. Michael Reed at Houston Community Newspapers proivides a good overview of the issues at stake based on recent court filings ("Legal standing of Harris County medical examiner at issue," Jan. 13):
Post by Erika Rose Lawson
Scripture: “Amen, amen, I say to you,
1) Decide what it is you want and write it down.
menopause is mentioned in the bible. Is that true?
If you’re a twenty-a-day smoker who switches to Electric Zebra electronic cigarettes, in just one year you will save £2,000.
As many of you who write blogs know, it's like a full time job! It requires time to think up ideas, write up posts, edit pictures and reply to loads of comments and emails. These gals are making this dream job of mine, possible for me by sponsoring this blog. There are no words for how grateful I truly am.
In an absolute touch of genius Obsidian sets up standard spy genre scenarios – do thing A or thing B. In movies and some games you would do A and then have a dramatic crack at B, ending in success. Not so here – you can really only do one of them, as I found out with some unfortunate consequences.
With respect to the actual accounts, REO reported a GBP 77m loss after taxation which is a considerable improvement on GBP 828m loss in the previous year. Of course both years are buffeted by the effects of revaluations to the immense REO portfolio which looks like this in overview.
For your baby’s safety, it has a 5-point safety harness and a detachable hood for when the sun is really shining down. The framework is also very sturdy and is quite resistant to damage. The material used in the stroller is nice and soft to make your baby more comfortable. It has four reclining seat position and three adjustable calf positions to adjust positions for your baby to sit down, recline a bit or sleep snugly. Another notable feature is the padded arm rest that adds on its appeal.
Process sunflower seeds, celery, sun-dried tomatoes, dates, jalapeno pepper, olive oil, and salt in food processor.
That's why my "skill system" is "write down how many years you've been an acrobat (or other profession.)" All other things being equal, you will be better at acrobatics than someone with less training. If things are not equal, your training might not matter at all.
becomes less
This was the pharmacists shift and she wasn’t impressed at the lack of work we do out here!
Your stoicism inspires respect and fear
Of course, there's still the tension between her and Kelvin, the lead guitar player. There's still that other band that call themselves 'Slutmaster,' but the three members' sexual conquests added up wouldn't equal a trip to third base. They can't play their instruments but think they are Raptor Snatch's rivals, and will stab them in the fronts the first chance they get. Immersing herself in the on and off stage insanity of a musician's life is the perfect distraction. What can go wrong when there's a “rival” band trying to sabotage her career at every step? How can sleeping with her guitar playing former enemy be anything but positive? If music soothes the savage beast then Randi had better get singing...
You figured that out.
Source: 82:28 (after speed correction and patching), B+ (B for BF patch, B/B- for WIU2B-LudzNL patch)
Doug and his beautiful brood, finally feltified and embroideried. (Yes, I enjoy making up words as much as I enjoy making things with felt!)
The light changed and cars stopped. Some of them picked up bricks and started chucking them at the cars, and smashed the back window on a Golf. The car in front of the Golf, from what I could see, just drove off.
And because you lose me here--I can't suspend my disbelief--I'd probably stop reading. Right now this feels like a very old fashioned morality tale. Noble child, prevails against all odds---this is Boys Life magazine 1929.
The last thing you want to do is spend hours documenting every single question, answer, discussion, and key decision, only to send out a jumble of words that nobody reads.
I don't know anything about this play really, but, they gave a little background and I have already been singing it all weekend. It's just a lovely story and naturally, beautiful music!
03. The Blue
Was it a need of a fraction more from those roasted nuts to better complement the delicately zesty hops?
Each day, as I enter or exit my workplace, I pass by a very popular jar that has been strategically placed on a counter near our reception area. I say, “strategically placed” because it is incredibly inviting to anyone passing by either entering or exiting the work area. You know the old saying, “they get you coming AND going!” In this situation, I find that statement applies directly.
If you're interested in obsolete technology, Ontario's classic trillium logo (the door handles on the main doors of the Sandawn Building bear the province's iconic logo), pencil skirts (and other mid-80s office attire), Canadian culture, movies that feature killer computers, bikinis that employ iridescent fabric, big hair, old school computer animation, the city of Hamilton, drum machines, and synthesizers, then, by all means, check out The Tower. However, if you like your films to move at a brisk pace, boast competent acting, and to be filled with mind-blowing special effects, then I recommend you look elsewhere for your tower-based kicks.
pressurising the back burner for something in the way of a
This will always hurt me, but its over and done now i can’t change times i can only learn from this and try and make things better.
the clock-maker working with minutes,
The shirts are black, 100% cotton and professionally printed using top-of-the-range printers and heat presses. It is the aim of ShakyShirts/Julabelle to post any items within 24 hours of purchase.
Live chickens pretty much just scratch and peck around in the dirt, minding their own business. But not DEAD chickens. I was morbidly curious when PawPaw would head to the chicken pen on “DC” (dead chicken) day. I knew that one or two of those pretty white chickens was gonna make a supreme sacrifice in order for me to enjoy the deliciousness of Granny’s golden fried chicken.
Because my pace will be slowing, I'm going to spend a couple of weeks on some of the whole foods that I introduce so that I can really talk about them. Last week if you remember we were talking about white quinoa and this week will be a continuation of that wonderful grain.
TASTING NOTES
It is only through a careful and correct reading of the mosaic text that such a picture can be projected with clarity. For the biblical interpreter it is a imperative to know that the job is never done. They must: continually examine the text, continually seek links, continually pick out divergent colours, textures and hues, and continually rework other biblical interpreters parts of the picture, to praise the intricacy, or correct inaccuracies.
Pollack said, “What was that supposed to prove?”
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Brush an 8-inch springform pan with butter on the bottom and sides. Coat the bottom and sides with amaretto crumbs, tapping out the excess. Put the raisins in a small bowl, and pour the rum over them. Let soak while you make the filling.
Please send me link requests, or goodbyes, to my email or my comments, and I will most certainly do my best to keep you in my life. And yes, those of you who still blog....I still visit. Good blogs by good people are so hard to find these narrow days of Facebook and Twitter.
We eyeballed the distance from the table to the chandelier height, which ended up being 28" from the table and 44" from the ceiling. We multiplied the ceiling length by two since we were using three lengths of twine for each of the three supports, and added an extra 12" just in case for a total of 100" for each length of twine. We went ahead and added in the candles and rice to the bottom of each jar (the rice should stabilize the candles, although you could use sand, too) and threaded each of the three lengths of twine.
At Emily and Shane’s wedding, they roasted a pig. Being a meat-eater, this would be the only detail I’d need to determine how special the celebration would be. (Ok, Scott wrote that)
After the respondents had duty filed their answer justifying the controverted act, the case was heard.
- made extra Spinach stuffed shells (1 meal for the freezer)
Each of us are campaigning hard for the GOP nomination. That's as it should be. Only the best candidate will be able to defeat Barack Obama and bring flying killer robot attacks to a level we can be proud of.
There were 4 quarter legs remaining in my refrigerator. Decided to make them my source of protein for the next 5 meals.
Now that summer has arrived its been a busy time planting out the veg and this year I am going to see how well they do if I use EM in the veg plot.
The doctor called in a penicillin prescription that I had to wait another 30 minutes for at the pharmacy.
Shy smiles and common favourites, lingering conversations and first dates
3 :: Colorize your decor
I also recently discovered an app that tells you when you need more caffeine you can avoid that horrible coffee crash. I don’t have an iphone so I can’t actually try the Caffeine Zone app out, but I would absolutely use it if I could. You can find it here: http://frankritter.com/caffeinezone/
This Casbolt and I tied her to a tree and stripped her clothes off to determine if she was indeed Plejaran. Casbolt manged to snatch a nearby crows, slit the crow’s neck and poured crow blood on top of the head and breasts of our captive. This woman screamed and shifted her shape, showing what she really was: a reptilian agent from Dracos. Casbolt killed her.
This craft was really special to me because Marcus and Sophia put a LOT of work into decorating their boxes. I mean, they probably worked hard on them for about an hour in DEEP concentration. They made heavy use of the paint and foam shapes. But most of all, they made use of the glitter glue!! I made the mistake of putting about 20 tubes of glitter glue on the table. (Can you tell I like to buy in bulk?) Well, the kids used all TWENTY glitter glue tubes. These boxes have so much sparkle that I am not lying to you when I tell you that they took a full FOUR days to dry.
play dates
-Parking on the Ice Road and talking for hours makes everything better
Before Chef came over to my house on Monday night, I totally pulled a girl move and told him we needed to talk. I told him it wasn’t serious, but I guess that was a lie too, because it was serious to me. That night, I told him I’m in no way ready for the L word. I feel it, in some ways, on some days, but I’m not there. And I desperately don’t want to let him down.
in search of the next high
It makes some of the recently manufactured dystopias seem a little frivolous. Why create an imagined world of stunted survivors of a terrible catastrophe, when if we look back, we can see a real one?
Steven D. Jacoby, 43, Alexandria, Va.
It made me start to think about american politics, and how unhappy many Americans are at the moment with our government. When I think about Obama, I really don’t think he’s a bad guy. He clearly loves this country and ran for president hoping to do some good for it. I do feel he has done some good, but if you were to listen to his detractors you would think he has done nothing. The fact of the matter is, there has only been so much he could do, as his party didn’t have majority lead over the house and senate and like all things, change takes time to happen.
I promise you that you will receive the miracle you need! Yes! It will be the miracle
In a medium mixing bowl combine the cream cheese, shredded cheese, jalapeno, bacon and scallions. Mix well.
Whew! I thought… dodged a bullet there…
Let’s talk: Choose one or more of the conversation starters below and leave a comment…
It’s not all bad, really. I discovered that my stand alone back-up unit has a ga-zillion parts and pieces of programs long dead and gone – so I thought. All that remains is for me to figure out a way of cleaning the back-up unit before needing it on the main unit.
I am exactly the same clusterf*ck but I’m a clusterf*ck with a new perspective. I’m organized chaos, if you will: I make sense to me now.
And the picture. The sadly defunct Daily Herald - a REAL newspaper. Worth noting that it 'died' in 1969 only after it was bought out by News International in 1968! My father was lobby correspondent for the Herald for many years so this blog is dedicated to him and all the honest journalists everywhere!
Do you already own a pair of colored jeans? If not, are they on your list for spring?
The two bridges were built within a year of one another, with Deer Brook Bridge being built in 1925 and Chasm Brook bridge in 1926. The date stone on the Deer Brook Bridge was unique, the only one I’ve seen (or noticed) that is round. It’s a little tough to read in this photo, but you get the idea.
Drum roll........
~Ambrose Bierce (The Devil's Dictionary)
I love being underwater. I truly witnessed a different world down there full of life and color. It really is a shame that I am not utilizing my PADI certification and scuba diving more these days. I remember when I first started diving, I was fascinated by all the different fish and coral in their varying sizes and shapes (I even saw a small shark once and swam away as quickly as my flippers would allow!) But there is also beauty in the different, slower pace of movement (at least for people) and the ability to stop and really observe everything around you.
Lesson No 5: Group similar images close together. We didn't leave much of a gap between each of these frames because I wanted the whole grouping to look very dramatic. The black frames blend into the glossy black wall, leaving only the white mounts and photographs as contrast.
4. Spring wind
Already the cause of Pattison's troubles was being speculated upon:
I’d love to get a good response from postgraduates as well as undergraduates, to give me some real data to work with (ooh, lovely data – om nom nom) rather than relying on anecdote and instinct.
Remove the mixture from the fridge and stir to loosen slightly.
You can access pricing and ordering information by clicking the tab at the top of the page or by clicking here
Preheat the oven to 220°C. Trim any excess skin or sinewy bits off the duck breasts. Score the skin with a very sharp knife and season them all over with salt and pepper. Place the duck breasts skin side down in a dry frying pan: this needs to be one that can be placed in the oven. Place the pan on a moderate heat and cook the breasts for about 5 minutes until the skin is looking crisp. Pour off all but a little of the fat released by the duck and turn the duck breasts over. Cook on the flesh side for 1 minute until lightly coloured. Turn them back onto their skin side and place the pan into the oven. Let the duck breasts roast for 4 minutes (or 6 minutes if you like your duck less pink and 8 if you like it not really pink at all). Remove the duck breasts from the pan and let them rest for a few minutes, skin side up.
The Book of Three (ages 8+) by Lloyd Alexander (the first of The Chronicles of Prydain series) about a boy, taran, ward of a prophetic pig who reluctantly must guard the pig and fight the evil following the pig in order to save all he holds dear.
“Sure. Not often. Mostly former producers or directors. Can’t say for sure, but some say they’re good reproductions.”
2. Add cornmeal and beans to broth mixture, stirring with a whisk; simmer 15 minutes. Mash about 1/4 cup beans against side of pan. Cut chicken into bite-sized pieces. Add chicken to pan; simmer 5 minutes or until mixture thickens, stirring frequently. Top each serving with yogurt; sprinkle with green onions. Serve with lime wedges, if desired.
I grieve for some of my animal friends. Last year, an owl killed my friend Gary. Gary was a large Pekin drake. He loved me and I loved him, we were good friends. Gary would always come when I called for him and it was hilarious to see this huge duck running and flapping his wings in his excitement to come and see what kind of game we were going to play! He loved to play tag with my feet. I would quickly shuffle my feet and he would almost trip over himself trying to catch each foot as it moved! He loved grabbing on to my shoe laces and untie my tennis shoes. My boots were frustrating for him, there was nothing for him to untie... If I mistakenly wore sandals or flip flops outside I had to be very wary of Gary, because he liked nothing better than to come up ( especially when I was distracted) and nip my feet. That stings, a lot!!!Try it sometime, take a tweezers and pinch a tiny piece of skin on the top of your foot as hard as you can. That is kind of what it was like for Gary to catch me in flip flops!!!
A full Sherlock Holmes novel!
But you don't need to follow Langston's footprints back to the Ozarks. Celebrate his birthday with a mini-walking tour, four Manhattan addresses that were pivotal to Hughes' development as an iconic African-American voice and a star of the Harlem literary scene:
It’s the day you’ve all been anxiously awaiting.
That the moment you stop holding me, that’s when I let you go.
"I accept a acclaim agenda - you can just buy me dinner."
This past weekend I had the opportunity to sit down with NFL Draft hopeful and former Northern Iowa linebacker LJ Fort.Fort led the FCS this past season in tackles (184) and also accounted for an astounding 14.15 tackles per game. LJ is an athletic linebacker with range, who says he plays much bigger than his size (6-1 230 lbs.) would indicate. LJ puts his heart, determination, and passion into everything he does and what I found from our interview is a player and person who is eager, anxious and excited to prove he has what it takes to make it both on and off the football field. His interests and passions in life are far reaching from the football field and I feel extremely fortunate to have had the pleasure to sit down with LJ and learn a little bit more about him and what makes him tick.
Blown away by Arjun Kapoor & @ParineetiChopra just saw da promo of Issakzade – way to go guys-
Recognition and rewards should be personal, establishing a positive and tighter bond between employee and manager and employee and the company. To attain such a bond, recognition should be given on a routine basis, not just at the annual employee appreciation event.
These 2 projects were designed by Charlotte to show how 1 design can be changed.
Yet somehow or other in this strange act of God’s vengeance Moses, God’s servant, was also justified and vetted. Strange.
28) WHAT COLOUR IS IT?
We normally have a 3-5 hour "rush hour" on normal days. Today, _everybody_ left at the same time. Gridlock. Fortunately for me, I was in the first third of that wave, so it was merely bad traffic as opposed to standstill.
140. “If you think you are too small to be effective, you have never been in the dark with a mosquito.” – Betty Reese
I don't have much time to post today, but I did want to say: HAHA! SPAIN WON! Yes, what I wanted to say purposely included a large "haha" at the beginning. In order to pronounce it properly, think less of the noise you make when something's funny, and more a victorious exhale... With your fist raised in the air. Like a conquistador! Doesn't Pique look like a conquistador in that picture I posted above? No? Well, at the very least he looks like the troubled child the conquistador's took on the ship to mop the poop deck.
May 25th, 2008
Here to stay is a new bird,
Why Girls Love Hello Kitty Slippers
The scenes and people change but they always take place by Sydney beaches, there is always sparkling clear blue water and sounds of people enjoying themselves, there is always sun, lots and lots of sun, and I'm always blissfully happy. Occasionally, they get lucid, and I begin to think to myself - something isn't right because I live in Amsterdam now, of course! i'm visiting Sydney, I need to call my parents and tell them to come say hello before I head back to my life, but I can't, I have to fly out soon and there's no time. And then the dreams fade out and disappear.
There's no such thing as bad publicity except your own obituary.
eating dinner off the grill every.single.night.
I'm joining up with a team of amazing homeschool moms to talk about homeschool things next week. The series will begin on Monday, the 16th of April. Each of us chose a theme - one that we know quite a bit about - and this happens to be mine: Accidental Unschooling.
“At the moment the building is just a rotting heap that gets vandalised – people should be happy that it’s going to be looked after and cared for.
Mini Glue Dots
When you are through with me, please go over to visit Lesa and her friends at Baja Greewalt's Cozy Book Nook to learn about other folks bargain books by clicking here, when Monday comes.
Combine banana, oil and vanilla extract in a small bowl.
Each to his own, but porridge is correctly made with water rather than milk. The usual embellishments are red-berry jams, golden syrup or honey, but other ideas include a compote of stewed dried figs, maple syrup or a mixture of fresh berries, sugar and ground cinnamon. You could also leave it to set into cakes and fry it in butter. Oatmeal ice cream, made with toasted oatmeal and cream, while not quite porridge, is certainly worth a visit, too.
Colors coalesce in a paisley cloud
When you have to wear goggles to put up a poster, what is?
Waxman went further and proposed a jury instruction "that the burden of proof is clear and convincing evidence, but you may find that burden more easily met if you find that there was, in fact, evidence relating to validity that was not, in fact, considered by the PTO when it issued this property right." This elicited a response from Justice Sotomayor, who pointed out that "it's not clear and convincing evidence if you phrase it that way, that it's something less than that." Scalia added that the instruction "would require determining what it was that the Patent Office considered" and that such a circumstance "would better be avoided."
Garam masala- 1/2 tbsp
"According to this sonograph, the average frequency of my voice is 160 Hz," said Tom with measured tones.
ever
The art of sex can be found in the little things we take for granted during those Isley Brothers moments (*sings* in between the sheets….)
people don’t know that
Pretty girl all ready to sing and dance at church.
The body of the box itself is in fine shape of course. It was built to last, made of solid oak, half an inch thick, with good brass hinges. The box was bought in Greenwich, in an antiques shop. The tray was fitted a year or so later by Michael Turner. He was an old school kind of a man, he could turn his hand to most things. He crafted a tray to sit in the upper half of the box, made small wooden handles with which to lift it, and carefully applied wood-stain to achieve a perfect colour match to the box itself. It was an act of kindness and generosity.
I hear that a captive chimpanzee has been solving computer puzzles at breakneck speed. Let’s hope he learns to tie his shoelaces before he’s offered a chair at MIT. If I were his agent, I’d negotiate a sponsorship deal with Apple. He could appear in their commercials with the slogan:
Ahmad Jamal: Even though the great pianist Ahmad Jamal had “retired” from performing in the late 1960s, he waxed a number of recordings for the Impulse label, including these two live sets from 1969 and 1971, that proved he was not only at the top of his game but at the height of his musical prowess.
I have had the dubious honor of helping to plan and organize our office's Holiday Party. We are on high-drama alert this week. The party is on Saturday night.
These books are not only psychologically complex: they also engage with the recent history of Iceland and its unique social environment. An isolated population mostly living in rural poverty has been transformed (in less than a century) into an urban, wealthy, sophisticated and multi-cultural community. Indridason explores this context; he is uninterested in Iceland as a picture-postcard tourist destination and instead adopts a realism that is bleak but authentic.
2304 FC wickets at 18.29 with 126 five-wicket hauls
I don’t know if this ball washed up or was left. I wondered where it may have come from if it had washed up. I began to analyze tides and currents, but in the process of researching, I came upon this. Better than stinky potato sponges, potato CHIPS – in airtight packaging no less! Actually they’re corn, but why be technical about it. That made me hungry, so I gave up researching to get some lunch. I’m easily distracted. I didn’t edit the top photo, but the bottom one I played with in Colorsplash.
The Boy has also been awarded 'Best Cadet'..a fine silver cup which will have his name added to it. We've got our fingers crossed that he may be put in charge of the Contingent...but are certainly not counting our chickens as there are more than enough animals in this post already.
Art for life - Joplin Relief
Just for “shits and giggles” I went to urbandictionary.com to see what the public listed as a “drama queen” The one that fits my mood today was “Someone who does not stop until you react. Someone who feeds off of attention. Instigating fights and/or arguments is what brings them peace and they usually know just what to say in order to bring these about.” These are the people who LIVE to piss you off. These psychological and spiritual leeches feed off of your attention, and leave you drained when the conversation is over. They are not looking to change…they always backpedal to the safe sentence “This is me…and if people cannot handle that, then fuck em” But these are the same ones who NEED that type of attention to survive, and the moment your attention turns elsewhere, they find ways to drag you back into their circle. Are they bad people? No. They just have bad traits. they may suffer from mental illnesses, be bipolar, high anxiety…whatever the hell floats your boat. Nevertheless, they exist, and we will have to deal with them in our lives…trust…they won’t die off in some weird natural disaster.
I’ll also have a delightfully fun new body scrub that will knock your socks off, maybe a refreshing, luxuriously rich cream for body or feet and luscious lip butters if I can get them finished in time.
Last month’s star was Steven H. Davis, whose assurances during an interview for Fortune magazine produced an article titled “Dewey & LeBoeuf: Partner exodus is no big deal.” Right — Dewey started the year with 300 partners; 30 were gone by the time of Davis’s interview; 40 more have left since then. Among his least prescient remarks: “If the direction we’re taking the firm in was somehow disapproved of, then the reality is that there ought to be a change in management. But I don’t sense that.”
~ Anna Denise
The increasing rumble-roar of traffic heralds a more modern aspect of human history as a towering concrete viaduct takes the M20 motorway over the river. The dwarfing monolithic piers are unsurprisingly well graffitied, most of it banal vandalism, but one pier acts as an informal shrine to a deceased loved one with spray-painted tributes, wilted flowers, bedraggled cuddly toys, a fading football shirt….
I consider this progress. Those three postal crates have mostly junk wax era complete sets in them, so those will (eventually) be easy to either put into binders, sell, or give away. The others are full of boxes and shoe boxes. They are the tougher ones to get through.
It was yanked out by a monster truck on scene.
To our surprise, Irene and her lawyer were informed by Senior MACC Officer Premraj Isaac Dawson and his colleague that instead of just an interview, the MACC process today would consist of three parts:
My friend Ed, a high school band director, always tells his band members "The worst mistake in music is a wrong note played tentatively - right or wrong, play like you mean it." The same applies in life. Make your mistakes with all your heart. Then admit your mistakes, and move on or try again. With all your heart. Always with all your heart.
I found these pretty yellow wildflowers blooming in the woods under the squirrel, I’m sorry, I just don’t have the time to look up what they are.
Qualifications: Prefer students who are studying marketing/pr, journalism and are reliable, good writers, creative and have a can-do attitude.
“Our Lords have been watching you play ball. They wish us to convey to you their great appreciation of your skill”, hooted One Leg Owl.
Holy shit! (literally)!!!! My children are not in preschool anymore. Diapers are thankfully a thing of my past. Please tell me how second graders are passing fecal matter around?? Disgusting.
In Stoke Newington the police did, indeed, ‘fit up’ guilty drug dealers who would not otherwise have been imprisoned. But their motive was not to ‘clean up’ the area but to clear away the opposition as police officers were themselves dealing hard drugs. Whether this comes within Sir Paul Condon’s definition of “noble cause corruption” I am not sure.
Leviticus talks much of sacrifice. Sacrifice is a big part of religion. The Aztec sacrificed the hearts of their enemies to their gods. Priests and Nuns sacrifice their sexual organs in order to be pure. P.E. classes sacrifice their weakest in order to bring laughter to the rest. And Christians sacrifice goats.
Here's the thing, though: having that wall doesn't mean that the cord linking politics and religion can ever be severed, at least not in this country where religion lives so fervently. The fact is that the USA remains, by a considerable margin, more religious and more Christian than any other Western nation, with close to 80 percent of us still calling ourselves Christians (in spite of somewhat falling percentages on that number in recent years).
5. Reviews
ALLO DARLIN' - Europe
37That word you yourselves have knowledge of, which was made public through all Judaea, starting from Galilee, after the baptism of which John was the preacher,
JUNE 5 - 9
Prediction (Celtics 4-3)
The construction of the dress was very simple and I didn't really make any changes. The only changes I made were in the actual construction of the garment. For example, I didn't use BurdaStyle's instructions for the all in one facing or the invisible zipper. I found some instructions in my sewing books that worked much better for me. I especially recommend Sandra Betzina's method of sewing an invisible zipper. This was the first invisible zipper I've installed successfully and that was truly invisible. I don't know if it is online somewhere but it's definitely in her book "Power Sewing". Finally, I did a blind hem with my sewing machine. The fabric is pretty thin so the hem is not truly blind but you'd have to get REALLY close to it to see the stitching so that OK with me.
I’m not recommending the share market though. It’s classified as low startup, high commitment, medium-high risk, unguaranteed medium-high return. Play the share market if you like gambling. It’s like going to the casino, except the odds aren’t against you. Only play with money that you can easily part with. There are guaranteed high return investments, but they are few and far in between. The problem with the share market isn’t so much about the volatility. That actually works to your advantage. The problem is in the mentality you have to adopt to succeed. The best time to buy shares is when it looks like the price will plummet, while the best time to sell shares is just before it seems like the price will shoot up higher. You have to keep your greed and fear in check, to the point where your actions are almost systematic. There is a simple set of rules to keep yourself in check. Break your initial capital into three blocks of at least two grand. Buy into a reasonably stable, but promising company with one of these blocks. If the share go down considerably, use the second block to buy more. This will lower your average buying price making it easier for you to recoup losses or improve your profit when the shares bounce back. The third block is always there if it should go down further. If the shares go up, yipee. You can do one of two things. Sell off part of the shares so that you start syphoning off profit. If they go up further, sell more and so on. Eventually you will recoup your initial capital while still holding a number of shares. Whatever happens to the shares doesn’t matter now since it’s all 100% profit. You are limiting your potential returns on a good stock pick, but you ensure that greed doesn’t get the better of you. If you’re feeling lucky and there is clear potential for more growth you can buy with a second block. The resulting average buying price will still be lower than the market price, so should you be wrong, you can still pull out with your initial capital or even a small profit. If you get to the point where you’re considering the third block, it’s kinda clear you’ve made a bad stock pick. It’s up to you to decide to use the last block, wait it out or bail out.
The Lion King is a gateway drug. Once a kid sees it, there's no stopping them. "Dad, can we go to another play?" Yes, we can! Julie Taymor has become a punch line because of the Spider-Man musical debacle, but people seem to forget about The Lion King or discount it because it's a favorite with the tourists. It's not a perfect play as far as music and pacing is concerned but for visuals, staging, costumes, lighting and creativity, there's simply nothing better. Some of it is quite moving.
January 14th
However this book is still worth checking out, and I will be interested to see what Michael Cargill writes in the future!
AlienSplicer
Now to think about what we are going to have for dinner .... I am SO sick of thinking about what to cook. Drives me crazy!
1. The Biggest Loser
Miss C: No, but I learn to fly. And also, my wings are not made out of metal.
Before the move, I had planned to write a blog post about change. There's something bittersweet about moving from the place where you have spent the last 10 years. I got used to my desk against the window looking to the backyard and I got into the routine of writing there whether writing way early in the morning or way late at night. I loved the quiet sounds of the city streets outside and the quiet chirp of crickets and birds. Now in a new location with many more neighbors than I had before (some who love to argue and slam doors lol), it's time to reacquaint myself with a new routine...at least until I move again.
Other things that we have accomplished since my last posting...
A Florida woman is accused of illegally injecting toxic substances such as flat-tire sealant and glue into women's buttocks as an enhancement procedure. She wore a nurse's uniform, gloves and an ID tag during the procedures. Authorities said she also injected victims with caulk and cement. The three victims suffered medical complications and infections.
* Some fitness/optional music workshops will be offered outside of these hours.
I love the online book collection services. I also love software. I get a big kick out of sharing what I’ve read, and talking about it.
Keep in touch........ be back soon!
So there you have it. My little trip to Marshalls.
Deal mobiles include many maximum and off of maximum programs aside from a big quantity of voice as well as wording message delivers. The ideal matter along with commitment cell phone offers is the fact that they will give the particular modern 3G works mobile phone models regarding faster World Wide Web gain access to. Now, purchasing a new high conclude contract mobile phone you’ll be able to have the gain involving video clip contacting abilities along with enjoy your knowledge connected with talking face to face. Moreover, almost each of the agreement cellphones have most current functions like Bluetooth, GPRS, WAP along with Wi-fi. You can subscribe your contract mobile phone deals by several community services such as O2, T-mobile, Virgin mobile and Vodafone and so forth. Therefore, just what are you currently holding out pertaining to? Subscribe the particular commitment mobile phone offer of which finest suits your budget.
The 420 Highway shop was set up like a doctor’s office in a little complex. A few weeks ago they denied us entry; they were also looking for work. That was a missed opportunity. Fuck. It hurts more when we met the workers. One was a chubby, hairy guy named Tony wearing a “Psycho Ward” lab coat that was covered in different stains, while underneath he had on a fluorescent green and purple skeleton t-shirt. After he checked our paperwork and buzzed us in, a guy named D’arty (I wonder if that’s short for D’artagnan?) , not knowing our familiarity with cannabis went into an entire spiel about everything in the shop, often repeating himself and ignoring questions. He was very high and wouldn’t look us in the eyes. Granted, if I had his job I’d be doing the same. And that’s the shitty part; I should have this job. The woman we met here the first time told us specifically that we couldn’t just get high the whole time. Liar!
Donate time, not money babies.
– “Have you started yet?” Suzanne burst his bubble.
Press interest has centred on Mr Coulson’s reply to the question asked of him about making payments to “corrupt” police officers. Mr Coulson replied that the NotW did not make payments to corrupt police officers.
Now for an exciting GIVEAWAY? Would you like to win this set of tags that I made!? Everyone who joins our Key Ingredients kit club between now and April 30th will be entered into a drawing to win my Kraft Tag Tin! Check out all the details of our kit club subscription HERE and then head out to see what the rest of the design has created for the challenge:
In today’s world, we are taught to blame our actions on everyone but ourselves.
But alas, we had to start the drive home. It all went well – we made one stop at a Spanish rest stop. This one did have monkey bars of all things, but it didn’t have a toilet. I guess the rest stops here only have toilets if they also have a bar - who makes these decisions? So when in Spain we did as the Spaniards do.
1 battles
The New testament was produced under the guidance of the early church, which is the same as the Orthodox Church. The Orthodox Church used the same book to this day in the original Greek in which it was written. It has never been changed or translated. In our Liturgy the priest will usually read the Gospel in both Greek and an English translation. For the true meaning of the Gospel we rely on the early church fathers interpretations and the clarification handed down by the Ecumenical councils.
I purchased this Kindergarten Bible Curriculum for $15. It contains 172 days of Bible lesson plans using Abeka Flash A Cards. It has suggested scripture to memorize, doctrinal drills, what lesson to do when, review, song suggestions, etc.
‘It has her name on the shoe. There’s nothing wrong with that. I wish her luck,’ he said.
Flats - I'll rotate between flats and sneakers during the event. Always, always bring a different pair of shoes for each day of any conference. Your feet will thank you.
In the last 10 years, Depp has done nine films where his character was dressed, and made up. His next two films require the same, this is just a pet peeve of mine, simply because I want to see him act as a “normal” character.
Then too, maybe if the Obama’s curtailed some of their extravagant vacations, those Millions of Dollars of funds could be directed towards our veterans so they receive the much needed and long overdue care they need and deserve.
Himself stormed back into the house, steam pouring from his ears and his face purple. He was not happy.
1 guy's
There is very little advertising, leaving the majority of the magazine full of child-related articles: most are activity based (crafts, projects, games), with some age-appropriate kids books, and a few recipes.
And start accepting it’s every creature;
Nevermind.
Twist and Shout (Incomplete) 4:16
This is a three day weekend .. again. I think there have been 4 or 5 so far .
punched in.
We love you Pinterest!!
It’s Charlie Robichaux’s birthday. He’s 17 years old. The world could not be more firmly fitted in the palm of Charlie’s hand. He’s a nice kid, a smart kid, an ideal best friend, would give you his last dollar if you needed it. The only negative in Charlie’s life is his workaholic father, a District Attorney who’s cracking down on today’s reckless youth. If your kid drunk drives and kills an innocent civilian, Charlie’s dad is the one who will make sure he goes to jail for the rest of his life.
I had a fantastic time camping with my friends back in June. It’s been a while since I had gone camping. We stayed at the Wakins Glen campground Friday night through Sunday morning.
My mom always made one loaf with caraway seeds and one without. My version of the recipe makes no mention of caraway seeds. Because yuck. But if you're a caraway lover, by all means, sprinkle some in there. Just warn other people before letting them take a bite. Because yuck.
Wow, while typing the I was just called by an agency following up to a submission that I sent 2 weeks ago, the appointment has been set for next Wednesday, I will have more to Blog about in the next week.
Rimmel London Lasting Finish Lipstick in Dizzy
Mrs Masing also has a plum AP (Approved Permit) to run a lucrative car dealership in Kuching!
Faber & Faber, 1957, Hardback in dust wrapper.
Al Qaeda is a plaything of the CIA, created by them to undermine the USSR in Afghanistan, and since used to break Free Serbia, and to destroy the real democratic system in Libya. Al Qaeda are the foot soldiers of Zionist imperialism, and are even now operating in Syria to destabilise the nation as a pretext for the invasion and occupation of Syria and the Lebanon. The partial occupation of the Syrian Golan Heights by Israel is to be extended far into Syrian territory. Al Qaeda are the enemy of Europe; but not because they are anti-Jewish, rather because they are Jewish-controlled.
Here are my favorites:
Hopefully tomorrow I will receive some floats in the post, made by an artisanal float maker to a very high standard and to a custom design by Paul Daddy. Also there should be another box of flies by Hardy on its way, these come in an original 70′s Hardy’s plastic box and are smaller flies for the Tweed.
The things that I do support in Martha’s quest, is that she, while most of the royalties has selected and moved on to humane good. (Which by all means are grate) she truly believes in her Angels and religion for real. No one in the castle (as far as we know) is let’s say: really Christians anymore as far as religion activity goes.
(g) to authorize the National, provincial, city or municipal government to incur in overdrafts for the purposes that he may approve:
From a psychological (did I spell that right?) perspective, I suppose my subconscious does not want to let go, or let the story end. But end, it must, because I must then conquer the dreaded editing process where other people tell me where I screwed up the story.
Hope you'll find some time this month to play along. Remember you don't have to use a penny black stamp to play along, any company rubber or clear stamp works.
Strength: The Buffaloes may have best collection of wing players in the Pac-12. Carlon Brown, Andre Roberson and Spencer Dinwiddie are interchangeable players that all have game. They’re athletic, solid defenders and can be dangerous from behind the three-point line. These are three guys who can really change a game and they put this team on their backs to get it to the Big Dance.
“…this valorous visitation of a by-gone vexation, stands vivified, and has vowed to vanquish these venal and virulent vermin van-guarding vice and vouchsafing the violently vicious and voracious violation of volition.” V
So we've had a dilema in our household, Tayah is potty trained as far as peeing goes but she refused to poop on the potty. She was terrified. I tried reasoning with her about it but she was not having it. When I would suggest pooping on the potty she would hold it for days, ouch! Up to this point when it was time to poop she'd request a diaper, poop in it and then tell it she needed to be changed. Re-Dic-U-Lus! This went on for about a month and a half. I decided it was time for bribery. I'm not a huge fan but I was desparate. So I offered an ice cream cone to Tayah last Friday night if she would poop on the potty.
ooooopppsssss
Below is the Argos jerseys, double blue and full of tradition.
“2. We will ask agents not to knowingly send us underage girls and casting directors to check IDs when casting shoots, shows and campaigns.
The number of tax-paying farm-workers, according to the SA revenue statistics in 2009, have dropped from the original 1,6-million in 1994 to below 350,000 by the end of 2008. The proposals in the Security of Tenancy Bill are also rather vague as to whether all these original 1,6-million farm-workers and their large, extended clans and their descendants would also be able to claim-tenancy rights on farms - or whether it only applies to the current number of tax-paying workers. At any rate, this Bill will result in an even greater reduction of the rapidly-shrinking, viable farm land in South Africa.
Darlene winced as though he had just slapped her face. At the same time she pulled her hand from under his. Her voice became a little louder,
Mookie's sister 1
SpotlightSeattle is a multimedia company focusing on Fine Living in the Northwest. We cover special events in the area, fine wine and dining as well as fashion. We have key contributors that represent the different dynamics of what it looks like to live well in the Northwest.
Episode 18 "Break In! Button Hook Entry"
Valor. Yes, ma'am, it was.
He found out, the hardest way of all, it ain't so easy--and sure as hell isn't like the bullshit you see on all these equally bullshit "reality" TV shows like Cops and SWAT and other such crap.
So OUTLANDER is a high stakes story--on an individual level--throughout. It's a love story, sure, and it's all about what people will _do_ for the sake of love. Claire, for instance, chooses to abandon the life she knew (and was about to reclaim post-War), the safety of the 20th century (and she of all people would value that safety, having come through such a war), and the husband she'd loved. She chooses hardship, danger, and emotional pain, in order to be with Jamie.
1yd - Whtie Ruffled Satin Trim
Another writer looks ahead to Breivik's next court appearance:
My successes seem only a mere fraction.
After all that we've been through
I love Christmas cards. I love everything about them- selecting them, writing them and receiving them. I spend a lot of time each fall picking the design and photos. I prefer to get a design from an etsy seller and then print them.
She loves a good book that sucks you in and doesn’t let go until the pages run out. And can’t get enough of the show Glee. (Although she will admit she DVRs quite a few other shows.) Growing up, her favorite movie was Annie and she knows all the lyrics to almost every Disney song.
Earth Mother will be part of a collection I am presenting as guest artist for MoJo Café for the month of August. If you are interested in purchasing her, she is priced at $235.00 She is 18x24x2” and will be available after the show on Sept 15th. Let me know and I’ll hold her for you with a sold sign attached. Just e-mail me for more details. Thanks so much.
To appreciate the rest of these notes you’ll simply have to trust me, my subjective sense of smell and taste, and ability to express those in an understandable way.
I hope you all had a great weekend! It's been a bit quiet arond here, but I assure you it's for a very good reason...
Amid the shock and numbness of grief, Didion is eventually forced to confront her own mortality. She develops shingles, she loses consciousness in her apartment and wakes up in a pool of blood. A doctor accuses of her of making "an inadequate adjustment to aging." We might not all be so unlucky as to lose our entire family in the space of a few years, but if we live long enough, we will all get old. Didion writes about aging the way I expect to think and feel about it, which is both distressing and strangely satisfying, like seeing your worst fears come true. Unfortunately, she also confirms something else I've long suspected - that your cherished memories are not all that helpful when they serve primarily to remind you of what you have lost.
That’s it for now I think. Hope to get back soon, BE”H.
www.MeyerChiro.com
The random winner this week is:
In the novel there are, as there were, American fascists who take the Goebbelsian propaganda at face value. In ruminating on the inner mechanism of one such character, Campbell makes the following observation, that I was after and that, ahem, onanyes quotes:
I think of the movie The Pursuit of Happiness, and the character Will Smith played. He was persistent. He was a hard worker. He didn’t give up. He didn’t accept failure. He did everything within his power to get the job. Even when he landed in jail for the night because of failure to pay parking tickets, he showed up to the interview. He was dirty, paint spackled, and without appropriate clothes. He walked in with confidence, did everything he would have done had he been dressed correctly, and had an explanation for his appearance. Am I saying dressed up inappropriately? No! I am saying, however, things will not always work the way you plan them. At those times you need to press forward and continue to chase your dream. By the way, he got the internship.
Time to arrange my nest of blankets (I prefer the floor to beds and mattresses) and settle down to listen to the storm with a hot drink and my white rabbit.
When you face the rain?
On sighting him, they instantly fired
That's the plan. Ask me how many times I've gone back so far though.
Let nothing disturb you, nothing frighten you, all things are passing. God never changes. Patience obtains all things. Whoever has God lacks nothing. God is enough.
Another unexpected bonus was that Wednesday evening I got to have diner with both Lyssa and Tobias Mayer. I didn’t realize that Tobias and I had so much in common. We both came to Scrum in a very similar way. We both were developers, turned team leads. As team leads we wanted a lightweight process to help our teams thrive. We both stumbled upon XP and then Scrum. Very cool. I really like Tobias, my hope is to one day get to see him in action in the classroom, I hear that he is an exceptional trainer.
“as, effervescent as the bubbles in her bottle of verve, as endearing as she is brave, she is a kaleidoscope of colors, thoughts, feelings, ideas and is utterly unforgettable. she’s the hostess with the mostess and throw’s spectacular themed parties.”
This lesson was quickly taught and quite easily grasped! The children all know how gross nose mucus is, and that this is not something that they want sprayed on them. Even if they do not understand about germs and the significance of spreading them, they definitely know that they do NOT want those goobers sprayed on them! In fact, as soon as I started spraying, the whole class got up and RAN for the back of the classroom, LOL!
1/8 teaspoon vanilla extract
Boys start to break at a certain age. They have more important things to do than deal with you. Shoulders, backs, bellies…knees. They don’t last forever.
As for the Palestinians, they are a diplomatic sideshow propped up by the United Nations, self-proclaimed permanent victims. It tells you everything you need to know about the Palestinians that they are the oldest existing “refugee” group in the world! Israel has done what any sane nation would do. It built a huge wall to keep them penned up in Gaza, controls the West Bank, and maintains a strong defense on their northern borders with Lebanon and Syria.
The one thing I do like about the chalkboard labels over the vinyl letter cut outs, is I can just erase and re-write if I change the contents of my canisters.
2 c. white sugar
6) Upon return, do the same thing we do every night, Pinky. Try to take over the world.
I also have issues with executive dysfunction. In other words…. I’m messy disorganized and scatter brained. I’m forever losing and misplacing things. My room seems to make messes. My short term memory scares me and if my own head wasn’t attached I would lose it. I get confused with more than three or four instructions and I am easily overwhelmed and have trouble making decisions.
Now with two cards done, I'll end this post and hopefully be back again tomorrow. I hope you all have a very blessed day!
4. Usually, a distraction for me privately. Occasionally essential when I can’t find any words but need to have words. In a group setting, essential. Lifting our voices together, blending with the Spirit, having words for my vocal mind so I can pray on another level — I really need that.
Thank you for your time,
I promote a few authors everyday through Facebook where all it takes is a click of the ‘SHARE’ button. I also write reviews for those authors who have peaked my interest, and whose novels I have read. I involve myself with the everyday subjects that come up on FB as well. Being friendly and keeping a smile in my words helps with building relationships online as well as potential readers of my work. I believe we all can use a hand-up in the literary world where there are so many obstacles to keep us from reaching our dreams and goals. The mere mention of a title or an author can prompt curiosity from a potential reader, not to mention noticing the fact that it was YOU who mentioned it. Your support will not be overlooked. The way I see it…it’s a win, win situation.
The Winter's Tale is one of Shakespeare's more chaotically ahistorical mixes. It's a morality tale about sexual jealousy set in two kingdoms, Bohemia and Scillia. Leontes, the King of Scillia (Robert Hands) conceives a sudden irrational notion that his wife, the heavily pregnant Hermione (Richard Dempsey) has been sleeping with his best friend Polixenes, King of Bohemia (Nicholas Asbury). Possessed by his suspicions, nothing will dissuade him of his conviction: denial only reinforces his paranoia.
You’ve made it.
“What is more important is in front, in the next 10, 20 years and as the prime minister said, we are ready to improve ourselves and improve on what we have already accomplished such as the national transformation programmes, which includes the economy, government, politics, rural issues and new measures taken by the prime minister and the government, which have an effective impact.
My husband went into the E.R for pain in his abdomen and ended getting some of his bowels and colon removed. My mom flew in from Louisiana to help and I'm so glad she did. My little guy was a tad crazed at the hospital. How he was able to stay as good as he did for over 11 hrs is beyond me. :)
For today’s lunch, I prepared Chicken a la King. It was just right as I had spare ingredients in the ref, save one. I would’ve cooked it the other night, but alas, we were out of mushrooms.
U.S stocks tumbled amid fears of a global recession. It's a volatile world after wall.
The tweet-based Hayley Mills Army cut orders to the troops to listen to a nice audio interview with actress Hayley Mills, one of the stars of the movie-turned-stage play Ladies in Lavender currently in production in the UK.
The Libyan-Gaddafi saga has convinced me more than ever that the real masterminds behind world terrorism are not who we think they are.
My love affair with mermaids began when I was eight years old and saw the movie Splash for the first time. From the moment Daryl Hannah swam into view, with her gorgeous blonde hair and magical, life-saving kiss, I was hooked. Right then and there I knew I wanted to become a mermaid. Sadly, the closest I ever got was a career as a competitive swimmer. I would spend hours in the pool every week, wishing my legs would magically turn into fins. It was that same fantasy that, nearly twenty years later, led me to the story idea for Forgive My Fins.
For the time being, the clear and present danger - to use the American expression - to Britain comes from Islamic terrorism. The extraordinary feature of this terrorism is not the attacks of 7th July 2005 and the others that have been thwarted by the security services but the heroically passive response of the white indigenous majority population to a large, growing and resentful minority in their midst which makes no secret of its hatred and loathing of Britain. One might argue that this is an example of that famous British tolerance. On the contrary, it is not an exercise in tolerance to permit the country, a country one’s ancestors defended from past enemies so that we, today, can live in freedom, to be invaded by the Third World. The reason why white indigenous Britons are not more openly vocal in resisting multiculturalism is because they have seen the despicable and cowardly measures which have been taken against those who dissent. If you are heavily mortgaged with two children, you may decide that keeping your mouth shut is a wiser option. There are however other forms of resistance which are still legal. White flight from racial minorities has already been mentioned. Wealthy parents and those parents prepared to make the necessary sacrifices can send their children to good private schools. Another option is to leave Britain altogether. The trouble is that many of the favoured destinations – Canada, New Zealand, Australia, and Spain - have similar problems of their own. In all these countries there are large numbers of whites who collude with non-whites in order to bring about what they believe will be a multiracial utopia. As in Britain, these people are oblivious to historical and contemporary evidence, which shows that multiracial/multiethnic states are inherently unstable.
Part the Second to Follow.
The sour first half made the second half that much sweeter (I have to admit the first half wasn’t that sour for the Sixers offense, they shot 52% from the floor but still trailed 55-47 at half). The key to Philadelphia’s second half dominance was the pace of play. The Sixers played the fast break style of basketball that they absolutely thrive on starting at the 9:12 mark of the third quarter. The Bulls were up 61-56 at that point before giving up 12 straight points, they never recovered.
This goblin of grisly bone?
At a young age, we strive to fit in with everyone else. Trying to be normal is the common aim at school and any difference with the rest will probably trigger a complex, so we hide it to blend in with the masses.
What is the band's legacy?
No, this is not a joke. No, I am not sure. But honestly, this is one of the more exhilarating listening experiences I've had. Metallica and Lou Reed have both made music that have meant something to me over the years, although not nearly as much as one or the other has for a lot of people, but the fact is neither of them was ever going to make anything by themselves at this late date that would be remotely as interesting as Lulu. And really they got where they are by not giving a fuck what anyone thought for decades, so why would they start now? The reaction to this album was very similar to Chinese Democracy, but the difference is that album was boring. This is the furthest thing from it -- the music and the lyrics live up to the album's conceptually ludicrous existence over and over and over, for 90 minutes, and I love it.
This advert, however, is nothing but senseless and lazy. It ‘stars’ Coco. I don’t know her either, click on her name for the Wikipedia page. She’s shooting guns (in slo-motion, naturally) and showing off her arse a whole lot.
Kiwi, soy milk with carob and agave syrup, and whole loaf bread with seeds and red pepper jam
Thus, the felt flower scarf!
They all grew too big for their pots which meant- too big for the window sill . I kept on dreaming of nice cache- pots but everywhere I looked I would have to pay at least £30,- per pot-.So that was not going to happen.
Did you know that halibut can grow to more than 8 feet long and weigh as much as 700 pounds? Take a look at the largest Alaskan halibut ever caught by sport fishermen, weighing in at 459 pounds. Imagine cleaning that whopper. Most of the halibut we eat here in North America comes from the Gulf of Alaska. While on a trip there a couple of years ago, I ate my fair share of halibut, but here in New Jersey, the price keeps me from enjoying it as much as I'd like. So when it went on sale last week at my market, I couldn't resist.
tamarind- small lemon sized
This is my contribution to Weekend Cooking hosted by Beth Fish Reads. Weekend Cooking is open to anyone who has any kind of food-related post to share: Book (novel, nonfiction) reviews, cookbook reviews, movie reviews, recipes, random thoughts, gadgets, quotations, photographs. If your post is even vaguely foodie, feel free to grab the button and link up anytime over the weekend. You do not have to post on the weekend. Please link to your specific post, not your blog's home page. For more information, see the welcome post.
Income Inequality levels track the top tax rate.
This is a rosemalling piece called Millie that I started on day 2---not very typical colors for rose malling but I like how it is developing.
End sidebar.
And then he was on the move again, happily, quickly, for he would not leave until he showed me all the places of all those who’d loved him into being. His grandfather, his grandmother, his uncles, his aunts, his father-in-law and mother-in-law, even his family’s servants–he went to each grave, and spoke their names, and told their stories, until finally I headed back down to the Jeep and turned back around to see Mister Rogers standing high on a green dell, smiling among the stones. “And now if you don’t mind,” he said without a hint of shame or embarrassment, “I have to go find a place to relieve myself,” and then off he went, this ecstatic ascetic, to take a proud piss in his corner of heaven.
By magic's art most men suppos'd that he could wonders work.
So, really, my question is this: Should I vacuum in bare feet or with Wellies on to avoid electrocution?
Sonnet 19 – Fog Weeps
1 tsp. garlic powder
ECM's guiding light and producer, Manfred Eicher, has always made a point of audiophile recording standards and has done so here. Listening on the AKG 701 headphones, Alaoui and her partners sound almost physically present.
If this sounds confusing and inefficient, you're following. It IS confusing and inefficient.
I ask Allaah to make this blog an action of sincerity and to bless it and make it a benefit for all those who read it. I also seek refuge in Allaah from the Shaytaan, from hypocrisy and heresy.
Some thinks I don't want to miss that happened since my last posting, a month ago...
A very wise cleric once said to me, “Sometimes the answer to your prayer is no.”
We have a variety of regular and semi-regular columns and we're always on the lookout for people who want to write about nearly any aspect of film and television, whether that means reviews, opinion pieces, or actual serious explorations of genres, themes, creators, etc.
Last night I had two people come in and sit down, order 2 waters and nachos and sit for 3 hours. They said they weren't hungry and just wanted to talk. WTF!!!! I have 4 tables in my section and you are taking one away so you can talk. Can't you find someplace else to do that. Not to mention, when the restaurant is on an hour wait and there are lots of people wanting to eat and you are preventing them from doing that you are just a jack ass.
REFLECTION:
I can't promise when I can make a proper review since I'm in a lazy mode. Well what can I say, it's school holiday so everything must be holiday too wtf. But I'm going to tell you those taobao shops that can be trusted (in case you want to know where did I bought them wtf).
SOUTH AUSTIN BREWING Saison D'Austin
1) The fact that I wrote this point-blank, with no real edits or anybody else viewing the writing beforehand; and
Author members, if you are unable to attend ALA, would you consider sending one signed book to be given away in daily raffles held in the SinC booth during the convention? Librarians who win these raffles generally put the books into their library’s collections. It would be a crime to miss out on these opportunities to connect with librarians who put your books into readers’ hands every day.
6. our two favorites. Starbucks and Target.
With spring in the air, and some minor sketch stress (like 30 seconds but it qualified LOL), I succumbed to using dots, flowers and butterflies again. I tried to mix it up a bit...honest...but this combination just gives me too much joy so I'm claiming being genetically wired towards it ;)
Candy Mag UK
the broken heart of the left
To draw up the flesh off of the frame
So why did it crop up in a film set in Somerset on the glorious Quantock Hills, inspired by the early lives of Samuel Taylor Coleridge and William Wordsworth?
23 - My mechanic told me, "I couldn't repair your brakes, so I made your horn louder."
Steps to Take for Filing an Insurance Claim after an Oregon Accident:
We've gone to races to cheer him on. He is amazing to watch. One foot in front of the other, stride after stride. Pat, pat, pat, his feet hit the ground so rhythmically. Mile after mile after mile. He makes it look so easy. So fluid.
Posters: Pretty self explanatory. These are movie posters, insert cards and lobby cards from various countries that the film was shown in. There are also the US Pressbook, two versions of the Champion Festival program book and the original Japanese release program book.
The legislature must make sure CT-N viewers don’t get shortchanged with the new service. They should have the same easy, crisp viewing experience as they will have with C-SPAN and CPTV, which will be carried on commercial channels.
The winner will be announced on the blog on 18 April. Good luck!
Babies certainly learn quickly, and every generation is significantly smarter than the last... but, seriously -- the child can't even get a drawer open yet! Let the baby be a baby without polluting their motives with anything other than the instincts they have for survival, one of which is the need to keep the big people who are fully capable of throwing them off a 21st floor balcony from doing so.
If you are running a race regardless the amount of participants, keep in mind to run your race, run your pace. It’s very easy to start off too fast and get caught up in the adrenaline rush. If you start off a long distance run too fast, you are going to have a long struggle the rest of the distance. Start your race off at your pace or slower!! You can always speed up! It’s a long race, save your energy for the FINISH LINE.
Ed Logan - tenor saxophone
“Fulgencio Batista murdered 20,000 Cubans in seven years, and he turned Democratic Cuba into a complete police state, destroying every individual liberty. Yet our aid to his regime, and the ineptness of our policies, enabled Batista to invoke the name of the U.S. in support of his reign of terror. Administration spokesmen publicly praised Batista - hailed him as a staunch ally and a good friend - at a time when Batista was murdering thousands, destroying the last vestiges of freedom and stealing hundreds of millions of dollars from the Cuban people”
And it is our purpose is to grow and blossom for others to appreciate and see our colours.
with head rested on satin covered shoulder
This run: 2.01 (not the best but still really good!)
On the flip side of that, I can now see that I was using every ounce of mental strength I had to ward off what was really happening in my life. I was literally using running and an extreme focus on how I appeared on the outside to combat my mental state. At that time I was in a marriage that had long been crumbling away, eating away at the very core of my self esteem. I watched how I was being treated and couldn’t believe I allowed it to happen, yet I went day to day and kept it up. Until I woke up one day to the fact that my kids were also being treated with the same disdain. I never went one day without fighting for my kids, standing up for them like every parent should but should never have to with a spouse. I never went one day without arguments. That person was a step parent to them since they were pretty young, and I realized that as every day passed, it only got harder, not easier. They never developed a relationship. My kids were THE most important people in my life. I had fought for them since they were born and I wasn’t about to give up.
company on the Overland Track. My boyfriend and I broke up while on the trip. I wasn't in
Chinese New Year always a torturing festive for me where I could not have the peace and quiet soul I used to enjoy. My emotions will go wild and disturbed, my days and nights will be hay wired. Most ironically, I will be secluded and forsaken in a place that not to be seen, not to be heard and not to be feel. This is a festive that I used to doubt on my existence. A festive that I used to hide my inner feelings the most. A festive with lots of lies to be told. A festive that I am not me with the fake mask, fake smile, fake expression...
It’s been completely ignored that Gerard Bond was able to show more than 10 years ago that the last 10,000 years have been characterized by a global temperature roller coaster that runs up and down in sync with solar activity (Bond et al. 2001).
Tiny amt of brown for eyes
I didn’t read enough of the story to see why Barrack needed one of these animal pelt shirts, but since he’s the President, I’m sure he has a very good reason. Considering the never-ending game of one upsmanship in Washington, it’s only a matter of time before certain high ranking members of congress start showing up in the halls of power wearing Sasquatch loafers with the little tassels on them.
We ate well that night. Fresh fish, cooked over an open fire, when you're really, REALLY hungry? Delicious.
i don`t think i wil be hiding the promarkers any time soon but i do like to play now and then.
And I got to run out in the rain to turn off the fucking hose.
2 cups (500 ml) tinned mango pulp (use alphonso or kesar mango pulp for the best taste)
I got some more work on my pineapple done. I’m now onto the points. Unlike the peacock feathers shawl, this one you really want the beading to sand out so the larger beads work perfectly. There is still no way that I’d bead the cast on edge. That’s just crazy talk. I might however bead it after the fact. If I string some 10/0 onto some tread of the right colour I could just sew it on. We shall see. I also still have to find some pineapple fabric to line it with!
It was nice to meet Yvonne after all of this time.
I know that lots of people were in London today protesting about the cuts to the Library service. Just hope that the MPs were listening!
Not you, not I, but we?
I still wonder if anyone will want to read this grief book when it is published. It is so intensely personal. And painful. Yet people who have read my blog posts about grief have found some comfort in them, so perhaps this book will serve the same function. Even if no one is interested in reading my daily struggles to come to terms with the death of my mate of thirty-four years, the book is important to me. It’s a way of binding my grief into a neat bundle so I can get on with my life, though I have been told one never truly gets over such a loss. But we do survive, and that is ultimately what my book is about — surviving grief.
Only five defining forces have ever offered to die for you:
Somehow I’d heard about what Harvey had done and contacted him. He very graciously invited me and my ex-wife to a screening of Cinerama Holiday, still one of the most obscure of Cinerama movies. The nervous excitement grew during the three-and-a-half hour drive from Ann Arbor (Michigan) to Dayton, and we really weren’t sure of what to expect of Harvey or his home-grown Cinerama.
What will you loss by forgiving me? Who will blame you for that mercy? On the contrary, you will acquire great glory by it; for it is ever more glorious to your name to save than to condemn; it is therefore I beg it. Pardon that vast multitude of my sins which I have incurred, partly through ingnorance, but much more thro’ willfulness; in both I have offended you. Cure also those wounds they have caused in me; your wisdom knows the depth of them; your power is able, and your goodness, I am sure, is willing, which give me hopes much larger than my fears have been.
The new perfect match exited Wayne’s hotel smiling, holding hands, and appearing as long lost lovers. The evening went perfectly, Wayne and Yung ate heartily at Bob’s BBQ and took a baht bus to the Cherry Bar where Wayne introduced his newest lady-love to some Australian pals he met earlier in the day. Two am rolled around. Yung encouraged Wayne to call it quits for the evening and the two hitched a motorbike ride back to Wayne’s hotel.
And just as "The Boy" had wondered, we did have cupcakes after dinner.
Still, it must be quite a moment, that first time, outcome notwithstanding.
I've decided not to tell her about probability anymore. Mostly because I'm currently engaging in some magical thinking myself. I'm not even talking about the occasional Megamillions dollar I drop at the WaWa. Yes, I'm querying.
I used some white royal icing to stencil some swags and used a few molds to make some accessories for the cake. I have worked with color long enough to know that there re several different shades of white, cream, and certainly turquoise. So I bought a few different shades of turquoise and brought them with me. Sure enough, I wound up changing it when I got to the venue, but the other ribbon looked so much better! And best of all, worst case scenario? Come fall I can replace that ribbon out for an orange or brown one and keep right on using it.
FD: Do you have the DD-214?
6) Network more with other writers.
I always considered myself more of a dog man until now.
hesitancy concerning his messianic destiny. I’ll have more to say about this
When we are at this point, adjusting with the new addition to our lives, that totally changes our relationship dynamic, it takes a lot of patience and perseverance to work through these problems, which as we all know on the wrong day of the month can equate to the end of the world and our marriage for us! So funny how hormones have a huge part to play in this! Usually when we feel at our worst everything else that you could handle for the month magically becomes UNBEARABLE!
Best Entertainment & Family DERREN BROWN – SVENGALI at the Shaftesbury
for what I believe in-
where have you gone?
Illeana Douglas is an unconventional choice to play Denise. Her speaking voice doesn’t really match up with the person cast as her singing voice (the fantastic sounding Kristen Vigard) but it is refreshing to see someone who doesn’t look or act like your traditional A-list movie star and it would only happen in an independent film like this one. Douglas makes it work, using her considerable talents to show the different sides of her character – her doubts, fears and aspirations – while also running through the spectrum of emotions. There are scenes where she breaks down completely, is romantic, funny, and really digs deep within herself to fully inhabit Denise. The veteran actress shows a vulnerability that is fascinating to watch, especially the scene where she records her first single, the soulful and soaring “God Give Me Strength” (written by Burt Bacharach and Elvis Costello no less!). This is a criminally underrated performance that should’ve won her every acting award the year it came out.
Once again I will tell you everything that I ate today. I forgot to take my dried fruits to work!
Being involved with the A-Z Challenge recently has made me realise I quite liked the structure of knowing what I needed to post next.
Mary Ann
Mary-Ellen Synon in her latest: Merkel forgets Germany's history: 'Austerity not inflation gave us Hitler'Murray recommends that readers should study the record of Heinrich Bruning, predecessor of Adolf Hitler as German chancellor. They could discover 'the real reason for Germany's descent into Nazism.'
Then came Dana with Shabby Chic Addiction. She posted on her Facebook that she also decided not to be a vendor and would I come and shop with her. She couldn't manage a booth on her own. I took the bait and we talked about running a booth together. It was a perfect fit. We were both newbies to the show and could support each other, and while we hoped to sell some items, we wanted the experience of going and would be happy just to have a good time. We did that and then some! Dana sold every last thing she brought to the event, and I sold probably 85-90% of the items I brought. It was such an amazing day. We made a bunch of new friends, gained a TON of experience and are so excited to participate in the Spring show. Dana and I have big, bIG BIG plans for the day.
We've been culturally brainwashed to believe that accepting the hierarchy and lack of responsibility that come with a factory job is the one way, the only way, and the best way.
A very special thank you to our sponsor last week, Robyn's Fetish Digital Stamps, for sponsoring the Tea Room challenge!
When you are feeling, really almost any emotion. You can lay down in bed or sit in your chair. Turn on the style of music that suites your state of mind and allow the music to take over. The music soothes the soul and you can relax and meditate.
and dumped them off the side of the mountain.
I've never run the marathon so I can't know from the runner's perspective, but it's gotta be more empowering for the runner. I've seen something happen when runner and bystander make that manual contact. Yours and their hands crash like human cymbals. A sudden jolt of focus, an explosion of unexpected encouragement. You become a pacemaker encouraging their required rhythm. And then it's over but the runner is sharper, more aware, redirected.
I love the "feel" of March. I love the "smell" of March. There is something about March that fills my heart with the first breath of spring. The promise of what is to come.
Tonight, I am questing myself why I have done it....I feel guilty, I feel sick and I still don't understand where it came from.....I really am not over the emotional eating part as much as I thought.
- Al Gore’s pusillanimous “documentary”
Mix the pastry ingredients with cold chunks of butter - this is not the easiest physical task, so I hope your biceps are in shape. Do not use the electric hand mixer - the dough is too hard for it. Once you're done, wrap your pastry in plastic foil and put it back in the fridge while you make the filling.
My wife and I had taken our daughter to watch the just released Disney movie, “The Princess and the Frog.” It was a funny movie, classic Disney. It was set in and around New Orleans and there were many, many references to Creole and Cajun foods, customs, music. Unfortunately for me, one dish in the cartoon that was served up several times was beignets.
Washington--Newt Gingrich is giving up on becoming president. He said that he probably would have quit a long time ago, but his ego wouldn't allow him to believe the American public wouldn't want him to be their president.
Happy Random Friday!
and it definitely wasn’t that Magnolia cougar,
These "owl pellets" are plentiful and easy to interpret,
Ferran Adría is known for his ‘deconstrivist cooking’ where he extracts the flavour from a food and injects it into a foam. However this cookbook is all about the more normal and simple meals he made every night for the 70 members of the restaurant staff. And the thing I love about it is it has 3 course meal suggestions – 31 in all. And colour photos of every step in the preparation of each course. And a chart telling you how much in advance of the meal you need to do each part of the preparation.
Another couple of small creek crossings and after about 15 minutes I was at the end of the top line at the crusher chute site , here you can see the old remains of the crusher chute which ran down a 45 degree slope to the crusher bin just near the sewerage treatment works ponds , I bit the bullet and headed down the steep incline ( knowing I had to come back up argh ) and checked out the crusher bin site , the cutting for the lower line and the other big trestle bridge site , here it is thick with lantana so take a machete ! As I was heading back I went down a different path and found the last remaining piece of rolling stock left , an old skip car - the same one my mum had pics of , so a took a few piccies and headed back up that bloody hill !
Hello lovely people
Above you can check out the video for her angst-fueled pop smash ‘This Little Girl’, a fahk-ing brilliant tune that takes a sharp jab at the boys who think they can cross a female and get away with it lightly. Bold and brash strings lead the way into a phenomenal sugar rush of a chorus which is perfect for screaming along to whilst hurtling down a freeway/motorway in your car.
Harry Callahan (2 gelatin silver, 1950, 1954)
I seriously miss my blog and I blame having a real job.
After this success, Aelfric comes to his gate and calls out to Caedwalla that he will meet him in trial by combat. All of the rest of the bandits troop out to form a half-circle and watch their leader in combat. Each is armed and the characters should feel that if he is victorious they are liable to be hunted immediately. Aelfric is armored in finely-worked mail, with an elaborate helmet, giving him 12 points of armor. He carries the spear which was Caedwalla's father's. This makes "Love (Family)" the appropriate combat passion for the heir.
He said that no matter the nationality of the perpetrators, “They remain murderers and nothing else”.
4.) Family outings. I did blog about my unexpected experience with Coke Zero while at a baseball game this week, but the whole family was there at Tuner Field, watching the Braves play and enjoying the carnival-like atmosphere at the stadium. If you’ve never been, imagine a state fair or something along those lines, with a very expensive baseball game in the middle. There’s a large kids area inside the stadium, with a treehouse and a mini baseball field, and a rotating slate of activities. There are bands playing and long lines for the pitching games. There are concession stands every four feet. There are silly things like this:
Write a story about what you about this place. I like this photo. This shot is actually the same ruins used in Return of the Jedi and see what incredible story evolved based on this place.
I just love her sweet little concentration face. :) Anyhow, she was very excited to work on this. We did it over the course of a couple days, so that we could have something to do for a couple of days. Once she was done with all the glitter and embellishments, I tied them with the ties supplied onto the jute supplied. And here it is hanging above her bed...
Coming Up:
Review TTAB decisions prior to publication and make recommendations to the USPTO Director or the Director's designee, and the Chief Administrative Trademark Judge (Chief ATJ) of the TTAB as to decisions that should be issued as precedents of the Board.
And even when I asked a nurse in reception at a local doctor's office I received the same look. You see, it is a term that is unfamiliar here. Most people refer to gynecologists as 'guy-nee' and I was speaking with a funny accent using odd terminology.
The drivers ed classes provided by the centers involve both in-car training and classroom training. The drivers ed classes are provided by trained and experienced instructors who make sure that before you get on the road, you learn safe driving techniques and skills.
One émigré animal who certainly shouldn’t be repatriated is Nico the gorilla, who petulantly tossed away the flowers he was given on his 50th birthday, and greedily wolfed down the fruit cake he later received. A gorilla that spoiled wouldn’t last five minutes in Africa. If I ever dared to pour scorn on a gift from my females I’d be walking with a limp for the next three months.
Jesus is the truth so when we put on the belt of truth we are surrounding our whole self with Him. Not only in honesty but also the Holy Spirit who protects us and guides us into all truth. The Belt of Truth lets us know what to do next.
I haven't worn these in ages (last time here, back in October) - in fact, this is only the third time I've worn them! Wonder of wonders, I actually remembered that I tend to step out of them when I walk, resulting in a lot of toe-clenching in an effor to keep them on my foot. I tucked my Dr. Scholl's inserts into my bag and stuck them inside when I got to work. Perfect! Now I can wear them more.
The writing process and the amount of time that takes can vary hugely. You’re right in that first drafts tend to be written quickly. But my process isn’t a fast one at all. I’ll often write several first drafts until I’ve found the right angle. "Kiss", the first story in the book, was written at least half a dozen times from different points of view – I think a daughter narrated the story at the beginning. And once that’s done there’s considerable redrafting and tweaking, and read-throughs. So a story as short as "When You’re Frightened, Honey, Think of Strawberries", can take a week or two to finish – which could be the same length as something six or seven times as long. But then others come out pretty much already done; "I think Seconds Are Ticking By" was done in an afternoon.
21. I Like Beer -- Tom T. Hall
But seriously, I was surprised at myself. A lot. I haven't seen that person in a long, long time. In college, I owned the slow lane. I was the fastest person in it and my form was exquisite, but I lost races. I was just not that fast. I lived with it. I had big boobs and I drank a lot so I figured I was doing the best I could given my physical and personal limitations.
My own section was at the very end - Kane and Susan in Xanadu as their marriage breaks up. I interspersed text from the film with half a dozen other sources - including information about the actress Dorothy Comingore (who played Kane's wife) refusing to testify before the House UnAmerican Activities committee and being blacklisted. It seemed to fit with the whole spirit of the event.
But there's another aspect to story stucture which isn't implicit in the three-act structure, which is that for the first part of the story, your characters should be reacting to the bad guy, and in the second half the bad guy reacts to the characters. Sometimes called the two-act structure, I prefer to think of this as the Benny Hill formula (Benny chases girl until they go past a dog or policewoman, who then chases Benny).
On behalf of the Trustees and Executors of the late American Philanthropist Steve Job, chairman & CEO at Apple Inc. + Director at The Walt Disney Company. We wish to notify you once again that the late Steve Job. made you one of the beneficiaries to his (WILL), he bequeathed the sum of Four Million Great British Pounds Sterling Only GBP 4,000,000.00) to you in the codicil and last testament to his (WILL) which is eleven (10%) of his total funds of GBP 40,000,000.00 (Fourthy Million Great British Pounds Sterling.
But many of the true adult skills I’ve learned – how to get a mortgage, starting a retirement fund, becoming a professional accredited counsellor – well, those are things that I would have to relearn if we ever moved back to Country A.
Making almond milk is fun and fast! Add vanilla and almond extract to your milk, and a choice of sweetener if you prefer a sweeter taste. Store in the refrigerator and enjoy within a week.
Horley
But if, baby, I’m the bottom you’re the top!
Anyway, besides a nasty cough, she's finally on the up and up.
Beat egg whites until stiff, then beat yolks in a different bowl. It must happen in this order because the whites must have zero contact with the yolks, but a bit of white getting into the yolk will not affect them. Stir the yolks into the tomato mix, then fold into the whites. Turn into a baking dish sprayed with olive oil if you are me. Because I don’t have a soufflee dish and I don’t trust the mixture not to stick. If you are awesome-er than I, bake this in an ungreases soufflee dish. At 300. Forty-five-ish minutes.
Crikey Moses. BWW turns out to be an international scam/cult affiliated with creepy multinational Amway. It’s a classic pyramid scheme (dare I say the word Ponzi?), in which the top tier accumulates vast wealth from the efforts and hopes of a constantly rotating lower membership. Like a twisted version of Avon, the bottom stratum must desperately try to sell overpriced health food and cosmetics to their friends and family—and are encouraged to buy a big chunk themselves. The CD is an example of the company’s indoctrination material, which it also flogs in vast quantities to its wide-eyed membership. The message contains a healthy dose of greedy materialism, mixed with a dollop of evangelical Christian rhetoric, mockery of poor people, and emphasis on married couples as the ideal business unit (the women should stay at home, of course). Yum.
Thank you for your quick response. I see that your favorite animal is the dog. Are you sure that it’s your favorite? I have never seen a dog before so I went online and researched it some more. Look at the pictures of the dogs attached to this email. How could you like those things? And when you look at the cat picture, you can clearly see that the cat is a superior being to the dog.
Christ refers to Himself as “the Door,” and encourages us to “knock.”
Here my head is full of the many years since I was here as a kid, and recollections of lost weekends and golden afternoons I spent here up trees, laid out in fields, sheltering under some half rusted corrugated sheet or in transit from one spot to the next. Sometimes playing the game we called the ’standing-on-top-of-a-hill-and-randomly-selecting-another-hill-on-the-horizon-and-going-there-only-to-then-randomly-select-another’ game which got us terrifically lost many, many times.
Ahhh, party time. A time for work drinks, sunny afternoon beverages, and social gatherings – and the dreaded recurring hangover associated with each one! Im prone to these myself, and unfortunately as each year passes, it becomes harder and harder to bounce back from a big night, especially as Ive recently discovered an allergy to the sulphur dioxide in wine (and yet continue to drink it. oops). The two biggest cuplrits in a hangover are nutrient depletion (most specifically Vitamin B), and dehydration. Both of which can be avoided, with a few tricks, and a lot of commonsense!
Lansdale said you can't think about readers when you're writing. You have to trust yourself. He also said that it's important to be a storyteller. He doesn't plot. (He said he wasn't smart enough to plot, at which point Crais interrupted and said he always thought he wasn't smart enough to write by the seat of his pants the way Lansdale does).
Steve Morse: guitar & vocals
Not only would it appear to be futile to try and answer these questions, the legitimacy accorded the state will itself vary as a function of how it acts, potentially undermining its ability to act in any coherent manner at all. A problem of this complexity is difficult to begin to conceptualize, let alone impose any intellectual order on.
Do you conceal carry while shooting your rifle at the gun club or shooting range?
The subject of this post is none other than this batch of 'Two Bowls' Chocolate Chips Muffins. As the name suggests, these moist chocolaty treats are made using just two bowls. One for mixing up the wet ingredients, the other for the dry ones. The content inside the 'wet' bowl is then dumped into the 'dry' bowl, with a few quick stirs, the batter is ready for baking. I bet a 10 year old will be able to make this with little supervision.
I’m a thousand-plus words into this reaction and I have yet to mention Johnny Depp’s Mad Hatter. Here’s why: the character is rather useless.
First I made the pendant using a Vintaj Brass bezel, glued in a cutout circle from scrapbook paper and added resin. I then added a lampworked glass rondelle from Lisa Anderson.
A short but lovely trip to Louisiana to celebrate Thanksgiving with about 50 of my closest relatives almost netted me two new puppies -- but I was strong! Meanwhile, I learned a fair bit about the book biz while there, so maybe I can write the trip off come tax time... :o)
Trek in India has great importance. People who are interested in exploring India get the chance to gather different information about India while trekking. Trekking in India is a great opportunity for trekking enthusiast in India. It is one of the famous adventure sports for trekking lovers. Trek in India offers you the chance to visit the breathtaking view of the mountain ranges and the other beautiful sites. There are different beautiful treks in India.
Work in the egg yolk, anchovy paste, capers, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce and mustard. Slowly work in the olive oil a few drops at a time until you have a creamy dressing. Add the black pepper, taste and make any necessary adjustments to the seasoning.
But in the meantime, although I haven't had any exciting outfits in the past couple of days, there was such a preponderance of amazing suggestions from last week's Challenge, that I had to pull some outfits together just to acknowledge the creativity of you wonderful readers whose suggestions were not chosen as outfits to wear all day.
I have already written down a wish-list this year, it is still valid. But I have dreamed of another one, on the basis of my illness, in order to heal myself. I read a lot in that topic. I studied and collected information about a healthy throat chakra, since my thyroid gland signals for a while. I had to admit that I did not operate as a healthy throat chakra did. This realization made me to decide what to choose, which consequences could I take on.
When Barack Obama met Genevieve Cook in 1983 at a Christmas party in New York’s East Village, it was the start of his most serious romance yet. But as the 22-year-old Columbia grad began to shape his future, he was also struggling with his identity: American or international? Black or white? Drawing on conversations with both Cook and the president, David Maraniss, in an adaptation from his new Obama biography, has the untold story of the couple’s time together.
OU: I was at this jazz festival in 1982. When we came to Bad Segeberg (it´s a venue like the Waldbuehne in Berlin ), Jimmy Cliff was playing. After him the Tom Tom Club climbed the stage. I was very nervous, because it was my 2nd concert. I was 16 years old and stood about 2 meters away from the stage. This place was often used (and in Germany known) as venue for the "Karl May - Festspiele"
Largest in PCSO history:
To bring this grind to a grinding halt
Whaaaaaa???
I don't mind that models look the way the do, as long as it is not expected of ME to look that way. I hear women complaining about magazines with models and actresses and how hard it is to not get jealous and to not hate your own body. And sure, it is hard if the expectations of beauty has been internalized, and I am not blaming them. And yet I wonder, if you see an article about a doctor, should you hate yourself for being unable to do surgery? Of course not. Different jobs, different requirements. Actresses and models are paid for looking a certain way. Just don't expect EVERYONE ELSE to want to look like that for FREE. (Because to do most other jobs? I can be the most hideous troll and a successful scientist! Or a teacher! Or a construction worker!)
In much the same way as sailors personify the sea Heaney treats nature as a living entity, not just a variety of living things something that might “clutch” him and drag him under. Perhaps this is where his fascination developed around 1970 for the Iron Age bodies that had been found in bogs throughout Ireland and Denmark.[10] As much as Heaney could be described a nature poet what strikes me here in this collection is Heaney’s fear of nature and the ways in which the commonplace can become threatening or evil. This is exactly what I got from ‘Mr. Bleaney’ in which the ordinary and everyday becomes menacing. I have to wonder just what Heaney’s experiences of nature were growing up. As the eldest child it must have been anticipated that Seamus might follow in his father's footsteps and yet he chose to reject that lifestyle. This is probably evidenced in the first poem of the collection, ‘Digging’ in which he sits in his room writing whilst his father digs outside:
about things that are obviously extremely natural to them. And then
"They told you life is hard
Yesterday, I peered up at the station clock at Burnt Oak tube station. This magnificent copper device with a Roman numeral typeface has seen many changes in the years since it was first installed. It showed a time of five to two. When I first started working, two o'clock was chucking out time in the pubs. Licensing laws used to "encourage" us to return to our desks at 2pm. In fact, the last orders bell usually signalled a frantic round of drinks buying as people desperately tried to fit every last drop of booze in before the dreaded closing time bell.
Some of my fondest memories of the places I’ve visited are the places I’ve eaten. As a fairly seasoned traveler I’ve always loved the opportunity to try new foods and restaurants when traveling. Even when on the road for work, I seek out restaurants that are locally owned, places I don’t have where I live, and places that feature locally sourced ingredients.
Eddie suggested a break, and I fed Xander a little more from a bottle, hoping he would fall asleep after such a heroic struggle. He did calm down, but no sleeping yet. Eddie tackled the rest and finally got his head wrapped up like he just had brain surgery.
-Bake for 30 minutes until the center of the pie crust is brown. Enjoy the pie yummyness.
We still have fantastic fun with Omri following us everywhere. He can now follow us everywere in the flat; he has mastered the stairs so the cat has nowhere to hide (poor mog!). Since I last updated though we’ve been on holiday to Cornwall with the family and little one got quite poorly with Bronchiolitis so he’s missed two weeks of nursery.
Final Grade- 7 out of 10.
So, just to recap that, the signature line of the Hulk series is only uttered in a foreign language at the very end of the movie – it’s not THAT BIG of a deal or anything, but it just points out how much this movie utterly fails.
The three debts in bold do not currently have payment arrangements made and will be added into the rotation as soon as I can set those up. Two of those debts are student loans with around $1,100 left on each. Two of those debts were acquired while our youngest son was in the hospital two years ago and the remaining 10 are from my most recent health care. The starting balance in February was significantly higher with us paying thousands of dollars towards those debts. Just last week I paid off another debt.
I wanna slap girls when I see them wearing a nice elegant dress with their bra straps hanging out. Seriously, buy a fucking strapless bra. Flare jeans make me want to throw up, as I don’t believe they are in fashion at all at the moment. I feel the same way about pointy-toed heels. Speaking of heels – I always think it’s a good idea to wear them. Shoe choice for guys is important too. Wearing trainers anywhere other than the gym is not hot. Wearing socks with sandals is not hot either. Guys you should make a conscientious effort to wear nice shoes- girls will judge you on this. So keep your shoes polished! The rules for wearing clothes which are the right size go for you too. Super skinny-skin-tight jeans are not cute, but neither are halfway-down-your-ass baggy jeans. We’re not in 1994 anymore, that trend is long gone.
We lingered for a few more minutes before they went to the boarding area. My dad says he wanted to wait for the crew, but I think he's actually delaying. He does that. Even he doesn't admit it, he still wants to spend more time together.
I made the mistake of letting Monkey watch Devil’s Playground with me this evening. I love zombie movies, but didn’t think about the impact that they would have on Monkey’s sensitive little brain.
“Is it? Is it a good morning?” I advanced towards him.
the light that shrivels a mountain
We’re a lot more plugged in now – for better or worse; I have to remind myself to shut off the 24-hour news when I’m around Beer Rant HQ. A phrase or expression dropped in friendly conversation can find its way ‘round the earth in no time and don’t get me started on the whole viral video thing. It makes an old-timer’s head spin. I sometimes wish I could have been born, live and die within a few miles of where I was born.
6. The Insanity Of Capitalism, shows how State Capitalism and Welfarism are led into bureaucratic lunacy that provides an easy target for Right-wing populists to attack the poor, and the idea of “Socialism”.
1922-1985
Hugest of thanks to everybody who joined in last week – another FAB response and what gorgeous creations as well :)
I like to say I do these mad things so that you don't have to, but actually it is because I have very poor impulse control.
So that's when I'll feel settled. When there's sugar in the cupboard.
J'ai fait un bon voyage
"In, I am breathing in...
Ain't No Stranger by Lee Bains III & The Glory Fires
Period 7 – Introduction outlines for your essays on The Bean Trees are due tomorrow.
So, I may have the strangest family ever.
You can get the gist of the answer from the 'click'.
(straight guys and lesbians - make your choice from section B)
Their intentions are clear from the outset. They make an awful lot of jagged, cheerful noise, and periodically STOP! And freeze pose. And resume movement, and repeat. They dress like former CBBC characters who never gave up the dream; the night’s winning look is a hard-fought battle between hairy guitarist Panos Ghikas’ neat running shorts and drummer Keith Duncan’s fabulous Wurzels-esque facial topiary, accessorised with a beaming grin. They pursue the surreal, am-dram stage attitude with zeal, but back it up fearlessly with an arsenal of infectious, upside-down pop.
A verb and a noun. Orange. Fall, my favorite season. Why favorite seasons? Because people feel more alive? I feel more alive in autumn. There’s a fly buzzing around my office right now. Outside my window, I can see boulder after boulder, bushes, trees and trees, more grass and, barely, my neighbor’s driveway next door. This view is one of my favorites in the house; it is why I love writing in this space. From season to season, a harvester of words.
Once eggplant and peppers are coated with oil and herb mixture and slightly browned, add tomatoes and spaghetti sauce, cover and place in oven at 400 degrees for about an hour and half. To serve, I typically prepare a baked, savory brown rice dish and spoon the Ratatouille over the rice. I’ll share my favorite brown-rice recipe soon. It produces al dente, yet perfectly separated grains of brown rice.
When I sit on the couch and read, I have a view out the window into the back yard. I glance up and watch squirrels play and eat, birds taking turns in the home made bird bath, and rabbits munching grass. It is tranquil and serene.
Once upon a time I met a guy in a Dunkin’ Donuts who claimed to be a Christian but expressed his disillusionment with organized religion and fancied himself a church-less believer. He went into his reasons for not being a part of a church, but the conversation started to fizzle after he asked me what I did for a living and I told him I was a pastor.
Why is this such a problem? Why does the name given to you by someone else mean more than one you choose yourself?
That is crazy. At first I thought it was a joke....but alas, it is not.
As far as the rug goes, I'd stick with an indoor/outdoor one - they're ideal for an office if you have a rolling chair since there's no rug pile to scoot across. Also, you can literally take them outside and hose them off! Burke Decor has some great options like this cool black and white one.
Paul Hamilton Geier, 36, Farmingdale, N.Y.
The Biggest Loser Family
35. Fracture
You have been TAGGED and want to participate?
Note that if you use a midspan injector, you don’t run every network device through it – only the devices that require power. So you wouldn’t run standard Ethernet devices such as your printers or PCs through it. E.g.:
I've been looking for curtains for my entryway ever since we moved in. I knew I wanted the material to be light in colour as my entryway's colours are white, beige and blues. I looked everywhere for white curtains.
Green's Playhouse, Glasgow
Clap clap, clap your hands, clap your partners hands
Fact Five: In order for students to learn, they must all behave in ways that are conducive to learning; in other words, they must sit still, keep quiet, and respect their teachers.
John 15:1
I appreciate the concern for me and my time, but I feel respected. If I didn't, I would reexamine my own free choice to live this way. I also show respect for other people, and I help my children understand how to do so.
So it is May and I have been asked to join the Creating Is Fun Design Team and this will be my very first blog hop with these amazing gals! The theme given this month is anything baby.... well my kiddos are a lil older now and I have scrapped most of their baby pics so I decided to create an altered letter for a friend who is expecting in July.
Here’s to a Good Friday for all my fellow Catholics.
Not many people know this, but there are more of us dogs in San Francisco than there are kids. So guess what: we're just as much a part of this city as anyone else is. So get to know your nearest dog better, even if it's your own dog. Take us out to explore the fun streets and parks and festivals. We like exploring just as much as you do.
With all of that being said, I find it is quite comforting to reconnect with my cosmetic friend :)
Remember the Cosby Show? Maybe you’re too young to, but whatever. It was awesome for us kids growing up in the 80s and even the 90s when the re-runs were still on television.
-#subject: #cat or #dog – this is the most basic form of the hashtag and provides the best categorization tool.
Anything else goes into the recycle bin or garbage right then & there.
My hours have been cut at work and I will soon be laid off. I really didn't want to whine on my blog
Immanentizing the Eschaton*
According to the ANC Regime's own Independent Complaints Directorate (IDC), 219 people died in police custody for the period 1997 to 1998 alone.
Are you doing it? Are you moving towards it?
So to realise what has happened this past week, is now a total shock to me. I need to somehow get my head around things - do I tell hubby or not? Do I try and go to counselling and maybe somehow start to come to terms with it all over again or put the brave face on it that I normally do and just go ahead?
Conair Mid-Size 1875 watt hair dryer $14.99
Book Review
Being a part of a team made me realize that I want to make as many people feel as loved and included as possible. I want to and need to embrace and leverage my ability to be in tune with how others are feeling.
When these character traits are consistently seen in a believer as they walk through life’s tests and trials, then the Holy Spirit’s control of them will be evident. This fullness of the Spirit will not be exhibited in some emotional outburst or ecstatic experience, but, rather, in a consistent Christlike behavior.
But for people like Tan, Sam and Mark – I’ll always make an exception.
Your laugh is amazing and contagious.
I know, I'm pathetic, right.....?
sail unabetted past the picnic makers.
It's all so very 1970s.
If you want something really impressive, grow an angel’s trumpet. Several types are available, with huge single or double flowers in shades of lavender, pink, orange, gold and white. They release a penetrating, sweet aroma at night. These plants grow fast and make bushy specimens with thick tree-like trunks. The leaves are attractive to spider mites and white flies, so watch out for these pests. Be warned that all parts of the plants are poisonous.
“As feature phones gear down, smartphones are ramping up, which is forcing change among OEMs, vendors, carriers, and end users, and is changing the mix of leading vendors in the game,” Napier said.
So tonight with the rain soothing my soul, I am grateful for the moments of peace and the calm that hugs onto either side of the angry and bitter and hateful.
The ‘Masters of Darkness’ are now trying their utmost to draw attention to Joseph Kony another demon-possessed warlord that’s been terrorizing the continent for goodness knows how long. Where were these all-powerful ‘masters’ when the pandemonium and slaughter were in full swing? Why do they always wait until the worst is all over?
Back then - all two and a half years - we had to go to different sites to do a myriad of different things. Not anymore. Like everyone I too have a Facebook page and a Twitter account that are not only all linked, but have are far easier to use on the fly then sitting down and typing out a lengthy blog entry. Who thought so much could be communicated in 140 spaces? Dorsey apparently.
objects
Walking by, a stranger wouldn’t know what’s different about me. Wouldn’t know how truly out of place I am here, at this table, surrounded by these pages of Ecology notes. I’m a performer, that’s who I was raised to be. I’ve practiced and dreamed about spending my life making music since I can remember. It doesn’t make me better, and it doesn’t even have that much to do with what I’m pursuing right now in terms of work and education. There is something you can’t see, though, that really matters. Something that never goes away.
I'll let the pictures talk. All I'll have to add, is that what you see is 2 coats, it dries quickly and stays chip-less for quite a long time.
I let this all simmer for the flavors to marry as they say in cook world, oh then I added some fresh Parmigiano cheese a lady gave me , she was here visiting her father from Italy,wouldn't you love to live in Italy? I had never had this cheese. anyway thanks Nancy
Where is your favorite place to hit the slopes?!
Castella Cake (Japanese Honey Spongecake)
Brewhouse Efficiency: 72.00 %
I'll do my very best to get everyone the specific pieces you requested from my already made stash. Send me your mailing address at alyssasuzanne@gmail.com and I'll get them to you in the next few weeks.
Abalone
11 Rockin' All Over The World (4:26)
-Jack White at the Wiltern later this month
Lord, please take me by the hand and lead me. I want to make your name known among the nations. Please open doors before me that cannot be shut so that the way is made open for your work, wherever and however you would have me to serve you. I do not know the end, but you do. Give me a willing and reverent heart. Prepare me for any good work you would have me to do.
She was still there when I came back in and she smiled. She was still there when the nurse came in wheeling my hubby who was ready to go home. She said goodbye. She hadn't shared what was wrong with Randy and I didn't ask. Some things are better left unsaid. I was glad she reached out to someone. It's hard to face bad news alone. I've wondered how long she had to stay there and what thoughts were filling her head. I've said many a prayer for Randy since.
Real Ale Devil's Backbone - Billy's on Burnet
“Iceland’s Best New Export”- Clash Magazine
Mother's Day is just around the corner! (May 9!) To celebrate, I've decided to have my very first BIG SALE!
Client Bio: My mom! Living alone with her hubby and furry friends. A self proclaimed "pack rat" as many in our family are. What does that mean? That my family members are the sweetest around, and they like their stuff! Luckily I got a different gene!
Always pay the boys who clean your window. Its just bad karma to be stingy.
Just thank god I have 120 friends to help me get through this.
What if you can do both? Keep in touch, stay in touch, with your loved and that very special person, more often than you thought would be possible, and save up for those Christmas present?
” I see value in everything…”
Try to determine if she is hungry or if it is something else.
Chair, Writer Beware
The backs use the same color combination without the players name in white matching the card stock color.
Seven goes out in a huff.
I’ve lived in this apartment for about 25 years. (Yes, I’ve been renting that long, one of the dumber decisions of my life.) I’ve thought about moving—increasingly over the years, have thought about leaving New York—but I have no clear idea where I’d want to go, either within the city or beyond, and the cost and effort of doing it have always put me off. Big time. I’ve accumulated a lot of stuff in 25 years (half of it books).
I did find out while I was visiting the Mobily booth at an electronics exhibition recently (from a guy who probably shouldn't have told me this): Mobily has a 5-tiered system for responding to calls on 1100. It starts with their VIP customers, works down to "post-paid" phone customers and finally dead ends at the "pre-paid" customer level. That's me. I buy pre-paid cards worth 60 riyals every month or so. You'd think these would be among their most valued customers.
20. Copy of permits and Contractor Permits (Paving, painting, concrete, signs)
I guess his nerdyness is rubbing off on me.. :)
landscapes cracked, barely noticed:
I'm very excited about Thanksgiving this year. Once again I will avoid having to cook for 17 people and I'm heading to Chicago to spend the holiday with Kevin's family. My mother will be joining us as well this year. (It's like the opposite of most holidays where Kevin's mother celebrates with my family.) It will be her first time ever in Chicago, so she's very excited. It will be a nice relaxing holiday since no one has to cook! We will be back in the same restaurant as last year.
I went on the Special K diet plan, lost 5lbs in a couple of weeks and forgot to even blog about it! And it's Cybermummy this month, and Kelloggs are sponsoring me to go there. I'll do it this weekend. But just to make it quite clear right now - I didn't eat a single bowl of Special K the whole time. People kept asking me about the Special K. Not compulsory, oddly.
4. Blank Gift Tags/Labels (4 designs)
4 Racing in the Street
You know what this is?
Read up and enjoy!
(16) 3 pairs of safety goggles
She is a typical bully ,cannot sit still and has to check out every thing
Thank you to Patrice for this weeks questions. I don't know how she comes up with questions week to week, I am glad she does though, thank you Patrice.
My genius little mind went to the story I concocted while I finished my shower:
He went to the fountain and tossed it in. He came back and I said "I hope it was a good wish" and we started to walk. Kai says "I wished this baby would keep growing, and come home to live with us"...
Okay! So, this blog. Well, in a nutshell it’s my way of losing weight and maybe inspiring others to do so too so let’s get started….
OK, so, the bible is dropped off and some students took one. Well, they have to be ready to also pass out other "holy" books and teachings on religion. Segregating children to one religion is ignorant in a public education system. If the children learn one religion at home, that is different. But, educators, that is their job, to educate. And the word educate is an extremely broad term.
Mere minutes from the destination Brownie began to tweak. She hacked and heaved. She rumbled and shook and finally coughed up a cloud of noxious black smoke from under her hood. She stopped, rattled once more, farted smoke from her tailpipe, then died smiling.
~For some not-so-yummy treats from the Jello Generation, you have got to pick up The Gallery of Regrettable Food. You will laugh until your stomach hurts. But then you can eat some jello to make it feel better.
Jeff Adachi, the filmmaker behind the 2006 documentary, The Slanted Screen, is the elected Public Defender of San Francisco, pension reform advocate, and most recently, a former candidate for Mayor of San Francisco. He wrote, produced and directed the documentary about stereotypical depictions of Asian males in American film.
The inspections of Jenny’s children were being discussed now. Colds to diaper rash, growth charts and development were reviewed. Had she damaged them in any way as of yet?
Sunday brought church and a retirement party.
Anyway, on the second day we lost the second game to the new team. The bonus round was Official Peanuts characters from the comic strip, as stated on some Peanuts website. All of the obvious ones became exhausted. We were informed that there were 3 left. It was our turn. Neither of us could think of any more. The 3 that were left, I later found out, were Franklin, Marcie and Frieda. Time was almost up so I said, “The Little Red-Haired Girl”. I crossed my fingers. It was wrong. We lost. No longer champions.
The ECS line's featured gimmick is a locking system. By pressing a springy metal bar where your index finger rests, you release the knife from its polymer sheath. I am happy to say that this works very well and I think this is a winning idea. I am very interested to see how this might apply to larger knives. There are two caveats that I cannot bring to call full negatives. The first is that you will not be able to operate this easily in other grip that a pinch between index finger and thumb. I don't see you being able to generate the pressure in a reverse grip or round hold. That may be a deal breaker for many, but I think of this to be like the retention system of a Blackhawk Serpa. Like the Serpa, the ECS is designed to be drawn with a certain grip. Doing so otherwise is impossible. That also makes this acceptable as an open carry knife. The other is that the sheath lock is a two part deal, requiring both the sheath and knife itself to be designed to work in unison. Having to deal with the locking nub, would mean that 3rd party sheaths are going to be difficult and repairs in the field useless.
As I was sewing, my pieces started to shrink up, but the final shrinking comes when you blast it with steam from your iron. If you've never done it, it's really fun!
It *literally* wasn’t until last week that I really started digging deep inside myself and asking what I want out of my life. I just got out of a serious relationship, and things were just kind of shattered. I took a look around and said “Hey, I have all these pieces here. Should I put life together the way is was before him?” I thought about it for a day or so. What did I want to do? What did I want to change? What do I see in my future? When I thought about it, I knew what my answer was: I need change in my life. I need things to be different. I don’t want to go for another few years with depression and allowing myself to get bigger and bigger. That’s not in my plan. That’s not how I’m going to put my pieces back together.
Pretty much all my life I have been a fan of the silent films and early talkies of the true comedy greats... Laurel and Hardy, Harold Lloyd, Buster Keaton etc etc. I can even go a bit of Charley Chase and the Keystone Cops... Yet arguably the most revered silent comedian of all leaves me completely cold. But I'm not alone, and I struggle to find anyone who actually admits to enjoying his films (yet Stan and Ollie and the others are always mentioned as favourites).
I tried talking Rogan into doing this, but he said he couldn’t be sure he’d be able to hold it right and not damage it. I asked him why he thought I had any more chance of getting it right than he did, to which he replied, “Because you’re Dad.”
The bottom line is that while Aikido as a whole may never be for the cage, some of the concepts can be applied by many fighters. As a matter of redirection is used quite often inside the cage. Also various types of throws such as koshinage have been applied successfully.
God’s plan is the same for all: repent and take the gospel to the lost. Not by taking up offerings to buy yourself things you don’t need. But heal the sick and deliver those in bondage.
back to the tent, eat, sleep a couple of hours, and then back out to shoot for the last two or three hours before sunset. there is no humidity in the namib, and there are no cities nearby to light the night sky, so when the sun sets, it immediately get pitch black – bring a flashlight.
Angels since time immemorial have existed in every culture. Angels have been called everything from deities, gods, goddesses, daemons, to forms and archetypes by people all over the world. But they all act as messenger and guardian beings. Most non-Western cultures see these spiritual beings as entities that they need to develop a partnership with through veneration, but not in West. The reason a relationship is discouraged between human beings and angels in the West is because there is a gross misunderstanding about these spiritual beings due to a lack of knowledge of self. So we must recall that according to Genesis 1:26, which states:
Here it is, on the day we were given it, Games Day, ’07. (The actual anniversary was three or four days later.) There never has been such an assembly, or such a day. My husband’s sister, who died a year ago, is the figure in prophetic black towards the right. I am holding the Glenisla Shield, which I won for Sam the Ram.
When I eat too much sugar, everything in my body hurts. Pretty much Chris can't hug me right now. It sucks. And it is my own fault. Chris took some of the leftover treats to work today, so hopefully that will help me kick this crap out of my system and not keep eating it. We do still have half a cake and some other goodies left though... MUST. HAVE. SELF. CONTROL.
Out of the many type of cuisine and restaurant in Queensbay Mall , Kim Gary is always crowded and I like their serving speed but I really dislike their table arrangement, too close to next table.
Why Seek Practical Wisdom?
VP: Audiology: Rebecca Lowe
We are looking for all those summer days images and colours...remember you can use any Elisabeth Bell image but if you have one of the adorable Elphine House stamps then we would really love to see what you can do with them!!
Chris is tyring to use the butterfly guard to push Brian off and get up, but Geraghty maintains his top position.
Please add your favourite homemade cleaner in your comment. I'm always happy to try new cleaners and ways of cleaning.
*flowers in the spring and so much more
28. Gone with the Wind - Margaret Mitchell
I know, “Rice Stuff” isn’t a very good name for a recipe. But I made this last night and when we said our usual dinner prayer — “Come Lord Jesus, be our guest, and let this _______ to us be blessed” — in which the blank is the specific dish we are having for dinner, my son and husband both filled in the blank with “rice stuff.” This was then followed by, “Mmmmmm, I love rice stuff!”
Its reported in the Staffordshire paper the Sentinel that the state protected Zionist backed EDL are to be permitted, even after all the trouble they cause, to protest seemingly at their leisure in future, whilst legitimate nationalist organisations/groups face immense difficulty. What can one say about this group that has not been said already, this group that promotes an agenda wholly at odds with the mission to prevent white genocide, further, this group attacks the agendas enemies whilst hoodwinking mostly young angry whites, who are easily taken in by the group’s duplicitous rhetoric.
The Slog has received details of two secret opinion polls in Greece, both of which suggest that, as young voters finally make their minds up, PASOK in particular has seen a major fall in its share of the vote. There are rumours in Athens itself that at least one poll has also been conducted by EU officials working out of the Troika offices there.
Next, we went to Bailey's General Store for some groceries and some fresh shrimp for dinner. And then we headed back to the house. Relaxed the afternoon away.
One of the less obvious health problems associated with mental illness is a reduced ability to keep up good dental care. For me, it happens like this. If I'm not horribly depressed, I make reasonable efforts to brush and floss regularly. But on a really bad day, just getting through the day without doing anything drastic is enough to deal with. On a bad day, if I get to the end of the day and I haven't attempted suicide, I've done well. If I have eaten some real food at some point in the day, that's a bonus. Brushing my teeth just does not come anywhere on my list of priorities. When I'm in that state, I just want so much to die, I really don't believe that I'm going to be alive for much longer. From this perspective, the prevention of tooth decay is pretty irrelevant. So, there are times when I don't brush my teeth, or don't brush them often enough, according to the state of my mental health.
Do open relationships work in gay bars then? Only if you understand ‘relationship’ to mean something else. Relationship in this case is used in the loose sense. Do not have too many expectations. Avoid exploding in a fit of jealousy. Expect each other to be there in good times but don’t hold your breath in bad times.
The container, measuring 7ft 6in wide/high, and 17ft deep, was to be painted green.
Ranked #54 on Maxim magazine's "Hot 100" list of 2005.
with a bag of red lentils, a
“You have the most beautiful hair,” Mom said. She brushed the long, naturally curly, locks at least five-hundred strokes every morning. “Strawberry blonde is such an unusual color. When you grow up you will be beautiful and have lots of boyfriends. You will go on lots of dates and break a lot of hearts.”
3) Join our Event Facebook group
Anyway, if you rule out "cool breeze" as the culprit causing your child's general ooziness, it could just be that your child is willful and/or stressed out. That's right, Dr. Spock tells us that certain children are "much more susceptible to colds when they are tense or unhappy" (pg 459). Did you ever feel like your kid was sick just because he was nervous about a test at school, or because he was getting jealous of your time at work and knew it was going to be extra-difficult for you to telecommute with wails of, "MOMMMMMMMMMY, I NEED THE NOSE SUCKER AND ALSO I JUST ATE THE WHOLE BOTTLE OF FLINTSTONE VITAMINS" in the background of all your business calls? It turns out you were right! So instead of keeping him home, you might be able to cure your child simply by saying, "Cheer up, already, you little whiner." If that doesn't work, threaten him with a Toilet Soap Enema - that ought to get him to snap out of it.
Which flight did you miss? The one I booked for you? How did you get the ticket?
V04
(Originally written on Tuesday 10th August, 2010)
For more exciting news from Oneida!
I stared at him, speechless. We Woosters are as quick as lightning, and I saw at once that something had happened.
There is kind of an orange/lemon overtone to it that is very nice
We can be stronger we can make a world out of space
I love the idea behind the Big Brain Club! Tell us about it and why programs like this are so important to students.
I must admit I have had it for a few weeks now
Hope to see you there soon!
outfit - tattered rose
So I have had my sleep and I've been reasonably active for a weekend but I have not had much to drink today. I know better than to not just keep something near me but I haven't taken the time to do that today. I have maxed at about 1 1/2 quarts today so I can only qualify as 2 for 3. Sigh.
March was Budget time and brewers, landlords and beer drinkers felt a hammer blow as a 7.2% rise in beer duty was announced by the Chancellor. Also introduced was a new additional duty on any beer over 7.5%. The pubs industry were up in arms citing that these increases could lead to 10,000 jobs being lost and would increase the rate of pub closures across the UK. The increase meant that beer duty in the UK is 8 times higher than France and 12 times higher than Germany.
Government payrolls are generally not hit immediately when recession strikes, but several months or years afterward, when state and local governments are dealing with lower tax revenues from the suffering private sector. There's therefore a lag between private-sector and public-sector layoffs.
I was conflicted. Drinking was the best way I knew to deal with pain but I could no longer trust myself to keep my own counsel once I blacked out.
I pray he gets talked into doing more with his teeth. He really needs about $1400 to $2000 and he will be set for, most likely, the rest of his life. He has been quite reluctant, and I think for a number of reasons. Now he has to step in and the dental shop may work with him a bit more. I might be able to put some decent money on this, next month. I want to start building a reserve for the house and in general, and this is my first easy money month, so if he will just get them to give him a real new quote, I will have something to work with. Depending, I would be willing to put $400 up front and promise $600 to $800 in $200 a month payments. It would help him a great deal.
After the bad experience with life insurance that I posted about yesterday, I thought that I would also post the good experience that I had when renewing the car insurance for my spitfire yesterday afternoon. The car is insured with Footman James in the UK and they were fantastic!
It’s like, it woudn’t be me. It is easier to do things, when you are not you, it is like living someone else’s life. (The skinny Kis’ life)
Hang on! Why does everything have to be so serious when I write? I don’t want big words – most of the people I know don’t need big words!!! Even if I try it for just one minute, just ten lines....I feel false!
Chronic Blog Fatigue is a traumatic tiredness brought about by excessive posting, reading of blogs, commenting, and the general maintainence that is required to keep a readership growing. If you blog anywhere between once a week and once a day, you could be suffering from CBF. If you blog more than five times per day – please stop.
How do leaders shoot themselves in the foot?
But first…
Special guest speaker: Arizona Attorney General Tom Horne
05 She's Always A Woman
Conal: “Because he’s cool and I like his hair” (breaks into “Sweet Caroline”)
They know how lucky they are to have their loved ones.
Music Habit
It wasn’t the first time I’d been asked and it wasn’t the first time I had to shrug my shoulders and have a quick think about it.
The Mystery Writers of America (MWA) is proud to announce the winners of the 2012 Edgar Allan Poe Awards, honoring the best in mystery fiction, non-fiction and television published or produced in 2011. The Edgar® Awards were presented to the winners at the MWA's 66th Gala Banquet, April 26, 2012 at the Grand Hyatt Hotel, New York City.
I love this storage system that I purchased from Michaels. I have collected a few pieces throughout the years and then received some more for Christmas. They are often on sale for 40% off and you can occasionally use a 50% off coupon. I will get around to putting labels on the drawers once I have finalized where everything is going!
© Copyright New Dawn Magazine, http://www.newdawnmagazine.com. Permission granted to freely distribute this article for non-commercial purposes if unedited and copied in full, including this notice.
3. Spread about 1/2 a cup (or more…you can eyeball it) of tomato sauce on the bottom of a large casserole dish.
So, wander on over to Jennifer's website and check out the new publication details and come back here to enter the giveaway. Now, normally I am pretty easy going about my giveaways, but this time I'm going to make you work for it! Nothing huge, but maybe it will be fun at the same time...
So. Merry freaking Christmas. Hope everyone had a wonderful one... and my New Year's Eve trip to New Orleans post will follow soon. :)
No, not always.
My auntie took me to have my hair done teddy boy style and the barber (yes, really) burned my neck with the waving tongs.
If Muslim immigration, and through it the rate of growth of the Muslim population itself, cannot be brought under control, which is to say stopped in perpetuity, then British towns and cities will continue to undergo a rapid process of colonization by their various Muslim peoples. This process of colonization will have one very unusual characteristic. Normally, technologically and economically more advanced peoples colonize peoples who are less advanced in these regards. This is why, try as they might, the native American Indians could not effectively oppose, much less reverse, the colonization they underwent at the hands of the British and other European peoples. However, in our case, the opposite will be true, as our colonization will be taking place at the hands of technologically and economically inferior peoples who, barring the odd Afghan on the back of a truck, have to be let in by our immigration apparatus to be here at all.
He drove himself to the hospital. It wasn't a long wait, 30 minutes later he called to say they were med-flighting him to another hospital. His phone battery was going dead and he would call once he got admitted to a room. I didn't know what was going on and he said he would explain later. This is where things got really stressful, I (they, actually) misplaced my husband and had no way to contact him! We were told he was flown to a different hospital!
Susan drew this floral pillow while at camp. She had hooked a bit a long time ago so she was trying out lots of hooks and backing fabrics working on her technique---she made great progress during the week as a beginner and is now "hooked"!
all my life i've been attracted to tattoos - but they are 'a no go' in my family - my first and only tat was a tramp stamp of a heart of some sorts (i don't even know what it looks like bc i never see it, and always forget about it) -- anyway i'm now looking into getting a few tatts that are meaningful in my life - to ground myself, to believe in myself, and to live freely ..
One experience that I looked forward to and missed during my visit to England last year were some small details that separate our countries, like the car pictured above. I captured that photograph when I was visiting in 1993. I had never seen anything like it before and loved it. With my recent visit, those differences had all but disappeared. The cars looked very similar to the ones in the States. Any oddball looking vehicles weren’t as odd as the one pictured above.
This should keep our little ones occupied for hours and hours. Perfect!
The weather is set fair this week, so if you are looking for somewhere to go, the High Peak Centre, in Bamford in the glorious Hope Valley, Derbyshire has just what you need, with plants, second-hand books, pictures, walking, caving, climbing and back packing accessories, bike hire, pottery and pottery courses and an excellent café – what are you waiting for?
There exists a café in an American city that Beth went into every day to drink a cup of tea, eat a bagel, and read Shakespeare. Her skinny body would step into its fragrant, disheveled atmosphere on her walk home. This girl, who always seemed to wear a worn sweater and ratty jeans, would sit at a table staring out the glass fore-window and wait for the waitress to come over and talk before that same waitress, who worked every day, would go away and return with a steaming cup and sesame bagel.
Week 14 of our creative writing course was led by the other tutor – the more theoretical of the two. As this was his first time with us since the start of the second term, we went around the room reading extracts from our second chapters. We were asked to pick out a section we were pleased with, our strongest passages, and discuss what we liked about them. This would also give the tutor a chance to hear what we may have changed since the last time he saw the text.
Ann Curry was born in Guam and has an estimated net worth of $10 million dollars. Ann Curry is a journalist and one of the anchors for the Today Show on NBC. She also hosts Dateline and is a substitute anchor for the NBC Nightly News. She is the recipient of three Emmy Awards. She lived in Japan for much of her childhood and then moved to Ashland, Oregon.
E-commerce has a huge potential in India, a country of more than 1.2 billion people with a bulging middle class and rapidly-rising incomes. The country has only 52 million active Internet users, of which only 40 percent have shopped online.
Batahola Norte
Our bodies pressed tight in a degenerate heat
“The Occupy Movement” — Carl Davidson, Lauren Langman, Jackie Smith, Jay Smith.
- I add a bit of lemon juice, though nothing special, just the stuff that comes presqueezed in a bottle.
In return, the thugs are admired, loved and protected by the very people whose children they’ve lured into lives of addiction, criminality, self-loathing and death.
Biz: The way that I met her was on tour at a concert. She had long hair and a short miniskirt.
This second work related one went on for months:
There is a good idea to make a survey to people who you know is quite aware of the types and brands of rods, they have significant experience as reference for you in deciding what kind of fly rods that you will buy. Or you can search for information on TridentFlyFishing.com. They provide fly rods in all brands such as Sage, Redington, Winston, Hardy, Greys, Tibor, Rio, Ross, TFO, Waterworks-Lamson, Simms, and Patagonia.
The HSE guidelines state that bed bars should only be used if there is 'no alternative' and the safety benefits 'clearly outweigh the loss of free movement' and can even be construed as an unlawful deprivation of liberty under the Mental Capacity Act 2005.
Back home we swaddled HB in dry towels and hugged his shaking body. We marveled over and over about how lucky we were. I thanked Husband repeatedly for saving HB's life. Then we tucked all our dogs into bed and went to sleep.
An Ceann Comhairle: ￼ ￼ Is Deputy Boyd Barrett finished his contribution?
Lisa looks playfully scornful.
That includes the ill-fated Perwaja Steel project, which is estimated to have lost US$800 million before it was shut down; the Proton national car, which continues to bleed money, and many more.
Finally, I would love to play with the banner set and use it either alone or with the books above. These little banners are charming and full of possibilities...
When September arrives I immediately think apples and apple cider. I think most of us do while looking forward to a change from the extreme heat of summer. A nice crisp apple is synonymous with the crispness of fall.
Obviously I would also reuse Iceblock whenever it was off cooldown.
hands, fingers. Then I told him to draw a face. So he drew eyes
What kind of dumb things? Well, The Sacramento Bee reports, the Teamsters’ lawyer believes the jury’s finding “doesn’t really mean anything, and that his client is completely exonerated.” Oh?
Some authors have other jobs, and their personal allowance (the amount you can earn without paying tax) is used up on their employed earnings. So they need to set aside 22% (or 40%, depending on their income level) of their income from writing. That's really easy - no hard sums at all. Those of us who earn only from writing have a rather more complex calculation to do, but you can create a spreadsheet to work it out for you, and as a guideline if you set aside 25% of everything (so ignore the personal allowance) you will have about enough. If you expect to be paying higher rate tax, set aside 30-33% of everything, depending on how far over the 40% threshold you expect to go.
"Be a rainbow in someone else's cloud." Maya Angelou
So worry not your soul, sweet cherub
Canvey Island also seems a rather affluent place. I base that observation on the houses I saw which included a surprisingly high percentage of detached houses, often of individual design, such as this hacienda-style dwelling near the sea wall.
I checked his grade after class, and he was well within the passing range; he still had a shot. I would have told him this if I had seen him since.
Anywhooo...go check her work yourself and tell me what you think.
This has to be one of my favorite stories and I'm afraid that I won't be able to properly convey the awe that I have for this issue. Everything in this is pitch perfect.
1-6x6 Life By The Sea Paper Pad Double Sided
They have a range of sensor sizes, and thus lenses, and it appears that they are all trying to establish a niche with a camera and lens system that locks the buyer into their product. While all the new cameras look great they are all still compromises, and while the image quality of the APS or larger size sensors have better high ISO performance, they still have large lenses which make a large, heavier kit for carrying. And thus, while the end of the larger DSLRs with mirrors is most likely coming to an end, if cameras still stick to the APS size sensor, they will have large ungainly lenses on smaller bodies … and that doesn’t interest me, nor do I see that to be a good solution for the hobbyist. If you are a pro and are relying upon selling pictures for a living, go with the largest size sensor that you can manage.
I have a room I wish to decorate in Victorian style and though I am fine when it comes to chandeliers, small statues, trinklings, etc, I haven't got a clue when it comes to wardrobes, table, chairs, colour of the walls, curtains, etc. Do you know anything about this or is there a book/magazine you would recommend me?
It is not the usual game, it is more of a writing exercise.
Not really. I do have to work to a certain size so the images can be scanned. But as far as materials are concerned I have free rein to work however I want.
