Are you on Pinterest? We’d love to follow you too!
Notice the spirits around you. The lone tree planted in a pavement and ignored, save by the birds. And then the gods of modern life, that we bow down to: the Lord of Deadlines, the stern dictator of Commuter Etiquette. Eris is Lady of Computers, if anyone is! Make whatever offerings (coffee? chocolate? small symbols on the desk?) are appropriate, and ask them to be kind as you work with them.
When shrimp are done, add tomatoes to the skillet and stir-fry for a couple of minutes, until heated through. Add sweet and sour sauce to skillet and bring to a simmer. When sauce starts to thicken, add all of the shrimp and vegetables back to the bowl and toss until just combined. Serve with rice.
As we entered, Ushers handed us two large white booklets, one a Guide to the Ceremonial so we'd all know who was who as they entered, and the other an Order of Service decorated in gold and red and showing music and hymns and all the normal business of a wedding.
We have not been given a public hearing by DBKL to understand why development on the steep hill slopes of Bukit Gasing (soon to be called Bukit Kerinchi?) is safe. We, mere mortals, are apparently overly distrusting of the diligence of DBKL’s approval process. Maybe we need to accept that Medan Damansara landslide was just an unfortunate incidence outside the norm of DBKL diligence.
Amit Bansal - The biggest challenge in vocational sector is mobilizing the students. Since most of the vocational programs are meant for bottom of the pyramid, the investment capacity of the student is quite limited. Hence, the business models need to look at a fresh approach rather than the traditional approach of a student coming to a classroom/center for training. The role of government as well as industry is extremely important. While the industry needs to recognize and mandate sector specific certifications, the government needs to create more of sector specific skill-development councils that mobilize the talent and the industry alike. Lot of good initiatives are in place and we will see the efforts bearing results in this decade.
Why: Sniper Squad DJ’s was created to primarily create a viable network of DJ’s to address the the needs and resources of the DJ first, ahead of the artists seeking promotion. “The DJ is the architect and the backbone for hip-hop and beyond,” Payton often states. “DJ’s continue to be just as relevant as the artists that seek to promote their music. We are for the DJ’s, with the DJ’s, and provide to the DJ’s first.” With careful attention paid to the concerns and current business trends of several DJ’s, Payton and her team continue to lay groundwork involving several different aspects of the business and cultural needs of the DJ. Sniper Squad DJ’s continue to build a close-knit organization of diverse DJ’s and select industry tastemakers, both nationally and internationally, transcending well beyond the realms of not only hip-hop and otherwise urban music, but also inclusive of all genres of music. Sniper Squad DJ’s can be found on terrestrial, satellite and internet radio, mixtapes, club and mobile events, in addition to artist and tour DJ’s. Expansion will include select industry tastemakers that promote cultural diversity and uphold a strong sense of professionalism and integrity, both personally and professionally. The Sniper Squad DJ’s believe that proper performance speaks for itself, on and off stage
What Josh Barro is advising Rich Lowry to do is to fire the only writer he has who is honest about race, worth reading on issues besides terrorism, and a serious intellectual.
A senior official at Tower Hamlets has rejected allegations of postal vote fraud — claiming Muslim voters simply forgot how they signed registration forms.
Before the official opening of Punggol Promenade, let’s have a recap of what had been photographed before.
Dedicated to those many people who have a real problem getting those damn pills into their stomachs.
Not satisfied with betraying the armed forces, the elderly, the ordinary and the middle class, they now begin to turn against those who protect them. Unbelievable.
I think things are probably harder right now with the holidays coming up and I acknowledge that. I wonder if I will ever be able to make it through these months without crying. I wonder if I will ever be able to sing all of Silent Night again. Singing "Sleep in Heavenly Peace" absolutely kills me. Even just hearing that on the radio is difficult.
In 2004, I was lucky enough to be entrusted to work on special features for the infamous 1973 kidnap thriller THE CANDY SNATCHERS, a film that until then had all but vanished into a fog of complicated rights and silent participants. It was so obscure even exploitation completist Mr. Tarantino admitted to me he had not seen the film until after the DVD came out! Through heartfelt appeals and some prayers, I had coaxed actresses Tiffany Bolling and Susan Sennett to participate and tell their stories of the production for posterity. The DVD received great reviews and I'm still proud of my role in making it happen. Especially because of what happened long after the attention subsided.
Will the council repair the bridal-way then?
Full disclosure – were I employed by a company using this approach I would be paying higher premiums. Not because I’m not healthy – all of my metabolic health markers are in the exceptional range. And not because I’m not active – I’m a three time National Champion Dancer who can do the splits and leg press almost four times my body weight. But my BMI puts me in the obese category. The problem is that BMI was created to compare relative body size among large populations and we incorrectly use it as measure of individual health. I’m not the only healthy person who would be caught by the use of this poor measuring tool – Arnold Schwarzenneger, Matt LeBlanc and many professional athletes would be paying up with me. So would anyone who is very tall or very muscular since BMI does not take body composition into account. Beyond which I think it’s inappropriate and a slippery slope to charge me more even if I was unhealthy and inactive but we’ll get to that in a minute.
O'Dells - Isolation Ale
Like any other mother, of any other age, I have had to make parenting decisions and sometimes it's hard to know exactly what the right one is but at the end of the day, I have a happy and very healthy little boy - I must be doing something right.
If you have not had it yet, the Atomic '55 is very tasty IPA utilizing Nugget and Fuggle hops (if i remember correctly) . Enjoy!
This video is sure to be one Otis hates me for later on. He has a vintage Hawaiian shirt (the first ever vintage kid thing I bought when I was 19) socks and shoes. And no pants. He was wearing pants 90% of the day and I just happened to choose the five minutes he wasn't to take this video. My poor children, I find pants optional apparently...
Immediately I could tell that the second showing was going to be different from the first. For one, there was a huge crowd, decked out in their gaudiest, hot-topic-sauciest attire. Every seat was full. There was also a cast, in costume, ready to act out the film in front of the screen, and the theater was bright as daylight from spotlights. Party favors were passed out -- noise makers (mine had Tommy Pickles from Rugrats on it) and Dum Dum Pops were handed to each audience member as the candy man simply urged the recipient to "suck me." And everyone got lei'd (you know, like with a Hawaiian lei).
A great day, I would say!
Peace UP!
But the ongoing secrecy salts those wounds
Entry written 4/19/2012 and 4/20/2012.
Without looking back, I went up the stairs and greeted a room full of familiar faces. I missed Rosal ’07 too, my first class ever and my first advisory too. And for the first time in my life, I felt what it was like to be truly alive. Every heartbreak and rejection led me to this moment. And life, couldn’t be better even though it could play pretty mean tricks.
I think it should have been Melissa Gilbert this week, Jaleel next week, and then all’s fair, right?
Need a certain cord for your IPod? Your 8-track? Perhaps your Victrola? Go ahead. Dig in. Knock yourself out. More than likely, I have it, because I keep all cords.
Ease of movement
When mounted on the PENTAX 645D medium-format digital SLR camera body, this ultra-wide-angle lens offers a focal length of approximately 19.5mm in the 35mm format, providing the widest perspective of all the lenses compatible with the PENTAX 645D. Creating visual effects unique to ultra-wide-angle lenses, such as exaggerated perspective and extra-wide depth of field, it can be effectively used for a wide range of subjects and situations, including spectacular landscapes and indoor shooting within a confined space. This lens gives the PENTAX 645D greater photographic freedom and flexibility.
Assurance of Pardon
Rick Berman also took part in the script, which is never a good thing. I am not entirely certain which of Nemesis’ failings can be pinned on him, but history says it is a lot.
See them laughing
Josie Hancock
After much thought and sufficient planning, we started potty training Collette today. Billy is on vacation this week which means that we can really devote a lot of energy to her and the process. Today was the first day and it went remarkably well considering the fact she has been refusing to go on the potty at all leading up to today.
Although she was able to get her horse to stand still in his original spot, there was nothing in the original request that said she had to choose a place for her horse and never waiver from it. It was a limitation she placed on herself.
For my clients, I bring a little of that Southern hospitality to them as well. They will unequivocally have living rooms perfect for entertaining, and oodles of options to pull up a chair and sit a spell, like we do down home.
See you next week XO
and golden squash piled high upon your kitchen table.
Before we turned, I saw a sign for Chick-fil-a (one of the better fast food options) so we pulled in and decided to park and order inside instead of waiting in the crazy drive-through lines. I was surprised to see a sign for seating once I walked in. Really? There is sit down service at Chick-fil-a?? I’ve never seen this anywhere else.
Had the government chosen to bail out Borders there would have been a public outcry. Why should we protect the jobs of those store shelf stockers? Likewise, as the number of printed books drops, replaced by digital books, should it be government policy to subsidize book (or magazine, or newspaper) publishers/printers? Whenever a business is no longer competitively productive – whether it be agricultural, manufacturing or anything else – bailouts serve only to keep the unproducctive competitor alive. Which actually harms the more competitive company that subsequently must fight the subsidized competitor….
we hadden een dagje uit in onze fruitstreek.
times before, but forgot to remove it from our netflix queue,
7.) Steve Manskar - Steve is “the man” when it comes to a Wesleyan understanding of discipleship. I’ve profited greatly by his thoughts on the subject.
God because she was barren: vs 12 -14
There's something about vintage transferware in a cupboard or cabinet.
Antipasti
I've made a few other changes, but nothing as major as breakfast. I've started to have rolled up turkey breast for one of my snacks during the day with fruit. My other snack is usually an ounce of almonds plus fruit as well. I recently stopped eating dairy because it was causing problems with my skin, so I've had to be creative with my snacks.
So, with a top-notch line-up of speakers and panelists ready to offer their advice, experience and knowledge, the day’s events began. The programme was jam-packed with sessions, from Jump In or Get Trained? Routes into Journalism to Why You Should Specialise to Foreign Reporting: how it works and what it takes to Break into Broadcast to Data is Sexy.
No! I am too scared to have a gun in my house. I have 3 sons and I think if they would find a gun they would probably play with it and shoot someone on accident.......I hope they wouldn't but I am too scared to take the chance.
For my last official NaBloPo post I am doing the Monthly Wrap Up for April. I had so much fun with NaBloPoMo and it has really helped me get more into personal blogging. Some ideas I explored during NaBloPoMo may become regular fixtures here at 512 Kidz. Such as Manic Monday, Tasty Tuesday, Wordless Wednesday/Sepia Scenes, Shelf Share Thursday, Aloha Friday, 6 Degrees of Blogging, and the Monthly Wrap Up. I may not post each topic every day of the week but whenever I have time for blogging or when something strikes my fancy, I will post. Thanks for all your wonderful comments!
I’m at once looking for the beauty in the original image, but only trying to convey an idea of universality. Through feet? Sure, why not. We’ve all got ‘em.
A: … hell itself.
Ross and I have already taken on our respective roles in this home buying process. He's in charge of crunching the numbers and making sure we are aware of every possible expense that comes along with owning a home. It's my job to look at houses online and pick out ones I love but we can't afford. Like these...
“Get in the car,” a male voice said behind her, deep and intense.
Hey everyone! I sat down and added up my online donations (which you can see on the right there) and my "old fashioned on paper donations" and you know what? I am only $139 shy of raising $1,500!!!!
This is a fairly Spicy and yummy starter which I had experimented the other day...I just loved it cause I really was craving to have something v spicy so I did cook according to my taste-buds...so try this and love it as my family did :)
To that end, in addition to constructing public beach and park space, he also commissioned a gigantic parking lot, at the time the largest parking lot in the world. Many sources call it a 5,000-car lot; Riis Landing's own site claims room for 9,000 cars!
A rook caws overhead, flying tumbles in the wind, which whispers in my ear as I look over both sets of empty homes, just a few miles apart outside of Limerick. Little has changed, it says to me, since civilization began its quest to enjoy conquest over the earth, which still cries itself a river for the poor and downtrodden, human and otherwise.
2) UK
The next night I reluctantly packed a suitcase, and attended my first sleep study. I was connected to some bizarre machine with electrodes They connected them to my hair, arms, legs, and other places.
The paranoia
They are telling us that "there is definitely going to be another financial crisis".
Frank Alamo - Heureux Tous Les Deux
“This is my last election,” he says. “After my election, I have more flexibility.”
On the streets at this point it would turn out that Ochestra also happens to be on the streets at this point, and the younger girl, Chinatsu chances a look at Jonah as she and her master pass by. At this point though Valmet and Koko are shopping, the latter left alone for an instant when Orchestra make their move, however as Valmet races to save her Jonah arrives just in time to save her. Unable to understand how she can smile in this situation. However while law enforcement arrives to put down the situation, Orchestra dismisses them with ease, fortunately however Lehm happens to have arrived on the scene and is already dispatching orders to the others.
for half day preschool & possibly kindergarten.
The significant event was Wednesday's CT scans to assess the progress of tumor growth. Good news. The tumors appear to have responded and decreased in size. This gives us two options: 1) continue with the same chemo regimen of Etoposide (VP 16) and ifosfamide until the tumors stop responding or 2) switch to temozolomide and irinotecan, two chemotherapies his body hasn't been exposed to yet. The doctors will discuss the options and let us know what they recommend when we show up for admit on Monday morning. The upside to option 2 is the temozolomide is an oral pill and the irinotecan can be given outpatient. Otherwise, we’re just planning on a M-Sat hospital stay this week.
Then it happened. I had to hear the whole story. It almost made me feel bad about the noxious attack, but nah, beef is always good.
For the last meal in my series featuring Texas Beef Council Beef I wanted to do something relatively quick, easy and family-friendly. I say all this with a caveat (and possible rant), growing up family-friendly was any meal, my mom didn't tolerate or raise picky eaters so whatever the 'adult' meal of the evening was, chances are it was the kid meal too! While this isn't how everyone is raised I do feel strongly that healthy food that isn't 'kid' food is a must so I find it important to share things that I think even mildly picky eaters would enjoy : )
In fact, the lawyers who advised President Bush on recess appointments wrote that the Senate cannot use sham “pro forma” sessions to prevent the President from exercising a constitutional power.
Karl: just because of the darn Depression we
Daniel Handler has a fucking INVISIBLE person who answers his email and makes appointments for panels and shit like that.
Clear each level by removing the atoms in the correct order.
I had to take 10 items including shoes, clothes and accessories to create five outfits to wear for a working week.
dye number 40 she had had 20 minutes prior. you see, I've come up w/ a
I have but a moment before one of them comes back. They seem to be everywhere and they know all. The only reason I have this brief moment is because I fed them early and they are deep in the bowels of their bowls. It all began so innocently. It was merely a trip to the Humane Society on a lovely fall day. I blithely looked in the windows of the various rooms never knowing that it would spell my doom. There were hundreds of them. If I had known what I know now, I would have expired on the spot. But no, my blissful ignorance blinded me to the obvious. Those poor, poor people working at the society thought they were the captors, when really they were merely the pawns of the evil horde. Alas, I can’t help them. I only have enough strength left for one more attempt. I was a fool that day. What I thought was instant love between me and the fluffy one was instead a diabolical plot to force me to bring her home. We were not in what used to be MY home for more than three minutes before the truth began to slowly seep into my reality.
Those two lines hit me like giant blank canvases on which we’ve all been invited to splash the vibrant colors of our worship. They’re teeming with life, anticipation, movement, and beauty.
NASA Warns of Declining Arctic Sea Ice
It was for her room, to be used as a vanity, and it works wonderfully with all the space in the drawers.
“Yeah. They want to make sure you know it’s not with any official support or anything, but I told them you know that. They appreciate your asking. But it’s fine if you take some classes.”
Mayall: Mainly trying to clear the space to write with Ade. I think it’ll be the beginning of next year when we start getting together. We have got a very funny title for the next one and it does involve the word ‘shit’. We’re beginning to worry about that (laughs).
During a lull we got the other gun out & rushed it down to the platform where we got it safely fixed in spite of Fritz's efforts. We then had to run for shelter as things were pretty warm & it was 4.30 pm before we could get away. We had only gone 10 yards down the trench when a shell burst close behind us, but we kept on & at the Canal picked up a lorry which gave us a lift as far as the Rest Camp. We were thoroughly done up, wet through & had had no food all the day.
Begin to process and clear any patterns, fearful thoughts, or habits that might hold some aspect of fear. It is fear in any form that is the ball and chain anchoring you to this dense reality of the third dimension. Fear keeps you in a state of limitation, especially the fear of the unknown.
We were standing, sitting, kneeling, lying, in all conceivable positions, in order to get a small hold on the half-inch overlap of the boat’s planking, which was the only means of keeping ourselves from sliding off the slippery surface into that icy water.
I am not looking for sympathy or platitudes. This post was written to hopefully expand understanding on why sometimes it takes longer to respond to emails, phone calls or blog comments than I would ideally like it to.
This is a fall wreath I made using the new designer series paper found in our current holiday mini catalog. I was able to make 3 wreaths out of one package of designer series paper and I have enough to make 1 more. I also used my paper scraps to create some fall cards. I'll post those cards tomorrow so be sure to stop and visit me tomorrow.
So, clearly, sand hermit-ing is my only option.
Last night we sent a message out proving why we are favourites. At West Ham this season we have no dealt with pressure very well but I have never seen a side go into a playoff game with so much calmness, we know our game plan and stuck to it. It was a truly professional away performance and after coming away with a two goal advantage I am actually a little disappointed simply because we had so many chances and should have put away at least one more.
i believe in success
Okay, not really.
I'm exhausted but things are much better and I feel I owe you guys an update. So, here's a quickie:
Zanskar was an independent kingdom located between the main portion of the Indian Himalaya and the Indus valley. It is a remote place. It is located at an altitude of 3600m and extends over an estimated area of 7000sq km amidst the mountainous territory gorges and dramatic glaciers. This region is covered with heavy snow for almost seven months in a year and thus this region remains isolated. Due to isolation only the culture of Ladakh is still preserved. There are several magnificent and famous monasteries like Lingshet, Stongde, Karsha, Sani, Dzongkhul, Rangdum, Bardan, Phugtal.
Alas, by the time I made this decision, I discovered that that particular screening, at Village East Cinemas, was sold out online. However, I still had a shot at getting into it by waiting on a rush line an hour before the screening's official start time. So, I decided to take a chance on it. And...
Let me hear all the baby mamas sing
But of course, in the real world, many of us are just working to pay the bills and to keep food on the table. As one of my best friends says, “It’s just a job.” At different points in our lives, our circumstances are such that we have to settle for a job that we don’t find particularly meaningful, challenging or the opposite – way too stressful.
For a copy of the draft regulations for reference purposes, please click here, or download from the FEDHASA home page – legislation – government documents – department of health – regulations.
1 leapt
What IS the vampire agenda? I really like the parallels with various forms of real world prejudice (god hates fangs!) but the contrasts are also interesting. Unlike teh gheyz, vampires are genuinely dangerous and seem to actually have some hidden agenda. It’d be a neat twist if the show was messing with our heads on that count, and the VRA was exactly what it purported to be, and only the perspective we’ve been given by the show makes it seem suspicious. Seems unlikely, though.
11 why
What’s the connection between oral health and overall health?
At this point I don't even know what to say. I know we haven't been waiting forever for our TA. The average time frame would be this Thursday but honestly I'm just done. Done with the wait, done with stressing, done with worrying about leaving the kids, done with worrying about Caleb, just done! I want my baby home.
Milena Plebs (M): I would like to talk to you about the contribution that we dancers and teachers can make from our experience to those who are learning.
I love you, Ryan.
"That's just WRONG!
For the past decade or two, parents, teachers and counselors have pushed college as the best answer for any kid who had a shot at admission. They cite statistics that show how much more college graduates earn, and how much better the jobs they get will be.
stop it from being used in the courtroom (despite the lack of scientific evidence). Psychologists/evaluators will still say Mom is exhibiting alienating behavior or some derivative of it in the face of an abuse allegation.
-”There is another thing you owe me .”He looked at her in a way he had never looked at her before.His loving eyes were full of sadness.
Wedding professionals that played a role in Audra and Brad’s special day included:
With a generic resume, don’t expect a call. Companies want to see specifics on what your skills are and how they match the job posting and skills of the position you are applying for. Anything less is a waste of time. A good description of how to construct a great resume can be found at http://iemploy.wordpress.com/resumes-made-simple/.
attacks, particularly in the country’s
When a three-quarter-length tulle ballet skirt hits a certain sweet spot on the calf, it evokes one of the most pleasing iconic ratios — think of the lip of a bell encircling its clapper or the curving girth of a willow tree around its trunk. Fill a stage with a perfect storm of these swirling, swaying tutus and it’s near impossible to resist whatever atmospheric or transformative event the weird world of ballet is issuing forth. A glittery drizzle starts to fall from the sky? Hell yeah!! Bring it on!
Cheng Qiang, seen here with one of his paintings:
The first thing you can do with a musical idea is to repeat it exactly as is.
What you get:
Its soooo exciting launching this today!
Had the ruling party taken the necessary measures to ensure that Singaporeans are well taken care of first before they let the foreigners in, there will not be so much anger against them now.
Verve - Better with You stamp set
The other day - I wrote a post asking for people to donate blood to help a young girl obtain a bone marrow transplant... Please read Haley's Story Here...
We’re born to win Better tell all your friends
The New Energy 2012
Best friends don’t wait until you are asleep and then bring in their buddies to fight on top of you. Best friends don’t lick where the sun don’t shine and then attempt to lick you in the face. Best friends don’t jump on your lap and cut wind that will make your eyes water. Best friends don’t urinate in your pile of clean laundry. Best friends don’t bring in their dinner plate and throw it down on the floor for you to put food on it. Best friends don’t scrounge through the bathroom garbage and drag toilet paper all over the house. And last, but not least….They don’t puke on your bed in the middle of the night making you get up and throw all bedding in the washer at 1:00 a.m. Thus making you freeze the rest of the night because everyone else has the warm blankets. Man’s best friend?
I'm finding myself now shopping specifically for the months' colour themes that I have planned - and although it doesn't seem like it by the volume of purchases, it is actually restricting my shopping quite a bit. I'm quite mindful of not being tempted just because of the price, but thinking hard about how I'm going to wear each piece.
Al was in een toale die 'k nie en verstond
So he sent Jonathan a letter written in these terms:
Lovely atmosphere with lots of local regulars enjoying their morning cuppa; and if the weather had been a bit better, I’d have been tempted to run out onto the grass courts next door for a spot of tennis (my God, I haven’t played on a grass court for about 25 years!).
there for just 5 minutes while she went to look
At the last local elections, the fence outside this building was festooned with Labour posters. Now it’s the turn of the Tories to find favour with the owners, however they have done so, and although the first set to be put up two weeks or so back have all been torn down, more have arrived, most of them put behind the windows.
Triggered by the recent loss of the Warrior in Afghanistan, I have been revisiting the issue of vehicle mine protection, acquiring some additional photographs in the process. It seemed a pity to waste them as, putting these together in a sequence, even with minimal commentary they make a powerful statement about incompetence. The pictures give testimony in a way that mere words cannot.
"As the Apollo astronauts flew over the Moon's gray surface on Christmas Eve, they spoke to us of the beauty of Earth -- and in that voice so clear across the lunar distance, we heard them invoke God's blessing on its goodness.
Whenever there are a few days or weeks where gold retraces, I’m not disappointed in that. Obviously if, a year from now, gold is at $1000 after a continued downtrend, my results will suck. But I actually welcome retraces because I consider it a buying opportunity. The most important thing about this is that I literally trade small enough lots that I can enter a lot of positions at different points and price can drop quite a bit before I’ll even consider worrying about it. I’m not over-leveraged, which is the issue with most people in these markets, where one huge drop wipes them out. It’s also one reason why I limit my trading activity to once per day – to force myself to have a maximum of 5 transactions per week, and usually much less than that on average. overtrading can also kill people. If I lose the whole account, it will be a slow burn. I’m not above holding a position for months if need be. Really, no big deal. Sure, it costs me on the swap, but overall that is not a huge deal.
More golden than expected it carries a delicious caramel opening malt, coating the mouth with smooth creamy silk. There is a textbook stamp of bitterness as one would expect with a pilsner, blending with the malty caramel to leave lovely lingering herbal bitterness.
Second Life is an Internet-based virtual world. Developed by Linden Lab, a downloadable program enables its users, called "Residents", to interact with each other through avatars, providing an advanced level of a social network service combined with general aspects of a fully immersive 3D virtual space.
Yet, I chose to get up. And unlike last week, at the precipice of May, I began to move forward. Surrendering to the fact that I had suffered, and yet – worshipping the lesson that lost loves, gained weight, lack of nutrition, and temporary sluggishness usually lasts for brief spans of time. Eventually we come back to our warrior.
A: … dangerous for Senator-judge Lapid.
I wish I could move to California.
First though it's my card for this week's challenge at CES Challenges with a Theme of No Girls Allowed! Very fortuitous for me as I needed one of those dreaded male teen cards for my nephew who was 15 this week!
Eight years after Graceling, Bitterblue is now queen of Monsea. But the influence of her father, a violent psychopath with mind-altering abilities, lives on. Her advisors, who have run things since Leck died, believe in a forward-thinking plan: Pardon all who committed terrible acts under Leck’s reign, and forget anything bad ever happened. But when Bitterblue begins sneaking outside the castle—disguised and alone—to walk the streets of her own city, she starts realizing that the kingdom has been under the thirty-five-year spell of a madman, and the only way to move forward is to revisit the past.
Today is the day that I think again.
Without fail, in South Africa, the majority on either side will be shy about their choice.
-The "Who wore it best?" pictures in any magazine.
"Duke Ellington-Ellington '66-1965 US":
To join us this week as a GD we have the very talanted Geri. And here is her inspirational card for this week challenge. Thank you, Geri! Don't forget to put (GD) to your name, when linking your project, if you want to join us as guest designer!
I bought two, and figured they might come in handy.
1) A tiny spot of blood on a pristine white yet empty crib.
30%- popularity of blog post
Come in the morning where I wandered and listened
2010.08.21 Afghanistan Paktika 8 5 Eight Afghans are murdered by Taliban bombers in two attacks.
We went in through the back of the bomber this time. Scrunching down and waddling like a duck to reach the ladder, we dipped to get under the plane and then stood straight up. Three steps up the ladder and the middle of the B-24 looks a lot like the B-17. Except for the fact compared to the B-17 the middle section of the B-24 was like the penthouse suite of the Bellagio in Las Vegas. The .50 cals poking out the windows swivel and any tourist picking one up feels what it was like to hold the heavy guns during WWII. Step up about a foot and the bomb holding segment is the next part of the plane but not before stepping over the silver bottom turret ball on the floor. A quick look into the cockpit and the walking course is over but getting out of this bomber proved to be trickier than the last. We almost had ho lie on our bellys to get under and out of the plane. The Witchcraft had flown 130 missions and now rests safely on Moffett’s air strip.
Andrey Henkin (All About Jazz)
GOT YOUR FIRST TOOTH! Your first little tooth popped up this month! This is BIGNESS. Your second tooth followed closely behind popping up a couple of weeks later. You now have two matching and adorable bottom teeth!
Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney frequently warns that the United States should not become like Greece. "We need to rein in government and unleash the extraordinary vitality and creativity of the American people," Romney wrote in a December op-ed. "We must not wait to suffer a crisis like Greece's or Portugal's to right the ship of state."
2 sight
but they really are beautiful and very high quality.
46- 53 Book addict
When your children are foster children, it adds another element, and another opportunity for criticism (how dare she be so mean to those poor disadvantaged children?). For me personally, I know that because of the lifestyle choices I have made, I do and always will get more of those stares and comments than most other people (Why won’t she let him have a lollipop?). And I’m fine with that. I am willing to be a “mean mama.” I won’t say that I don’t care what other people think…but for the most part I really don’t care what other people think!
In the meantime, Peter Jam has completed his second album. “It is still about peace and love, but I am trying to negotiate with sponsors so that the next album will not be produced on faith,” he says.
Verbena herb is known for it's effects in dispelling depression and countering nervous exhaustion and anxiety. Great for headaches and migraines and is said to be one of the best palliatives for the onset of colds and flu. It is reputed to be a good daily mouthwash as it's strong anti-inflammatory ability has a strong affinity for the mucus membranes of the mouth and nose.
I have done a few of the Rock and Roll Half Marathons and I feel like this one was the most disorganized run I have ever been in. They had WAY too many people and not enough volunteers or space to run. They freaking ran out of water at some of the water stops (luckily, it wasn't hot, so it wasn't as bad as it could have been), and even worse, they ran out of finisher medals. They gave me a full marathon medal instead and I was kind of pissed. I didn't run the full marathon, I ran the half marathon. What am I going to do with a full marathon medal that I didn't really run??
Some were made at classes attended at scrapbook conventions and retreats. Some where made as samples for classes I used to teach at a local scrapbook store. And some where made from kits I'd purchased here and there.
lot of explosives, numbering
* the poet wrote a poem inspired by the photo
embrace you
JUST IN~I have added Top Ten list's for Rowan and My Self and they are there to make your shopping a little more easy! If you are looking for a gift or something for yourself and want to know a great place to shop or what to buy Jr. check out the
Be Worried, Be Very Worried is not a typical title for a Wall Street research report, so you have to take note when that’s what UBS is saying about tomorrow’s Greek election.
It has one of the best scripts I have seen in years – and it is one of the few movies to actually use film editing to its full potential, interweaving reality and fantasy. Plus it has top-notch acting by an entire cast of (to me) unknowns; and spot-on direction. It is a wonderful jewel of a little film (77 minutes).
While they have been like Lewis and Clark, Savannah, Brycen and I went and braved a Saturday afternoon shopping trip to Winco and then made Snickerdoodles for the brave men who are on their way home.
Here in Minnesota, fifteen independent community radio stations form the Ampers collective. KFAI is a member. At KFAI, many a program host embodies the spirit of community radio.
Like caroling.
It became pretty clear that I had lost everything. Work files, pre-drafted blog posts and about seven years of pictures. Gone. Not backed up.
So this is a great cookbook when you’re craving that snack that in theory should be totally off-limits. (Think wings and cupcakes). I’ve only tried a few recipes, but they are quite good and I have to modify them because of my gluten intolerance, but hey what are you going to do!? Hungry Girl has a whole line of books and cookbooks that are actually quite useful.
This is her fifth tooth to come out and I think she's pulled at least three of them, crazy girl.
And I repeat: a glint of hope.
IMMORTALS is available on Blu-ray and DVD on March 6th and was theatrically-released by Relativity Media on November 11, 2011.
Anyhow, there is always a danger of going to a baby shower.
Today, I will walk you through how I crop a layout for posting online. I'm sure there are lots of different ways to achieve this, I'm just sharing how I do it.
12. Ginger Leigh - al-Ironman
I got up at an ungodly hour, drank coffee, and got ready for work. When I wasn't working, I was thinking about work.
He’s arranging to deliver a variety of pastries in person in the next few weeks.
their pathetic glass-walled dream.
--that I missed him and wished we spent time together during the week
Oops. I guess I should have checked first if the Detective Cha trailer was available before posting Sung Yuri‘s stills.
Stamps: Hampton Arts Relaxed Snowman
It is in this light that the importance of telling the truth is revealed. The truth is more than a moral commandment: it is a necessity for true existence. Lies have no existence – they are efforts of destruction and distortion. There can be no salvation within a lie for there is nothing to save.
Read the book–Let It Go: Forgive So You Can Be Forgiven by T. D. Jakes. You won’t regret it. Learn to let it go. (BTW, I’m on chapter 4 and yes, I will probably share more revelations as I go. Consider yourself warned).
We loved celebrating our beautiful Andrea this past week for BYU graduation! She is one amazing chick! We have been fans of hers for a very long time but the more we are around our new little daughter-in-law the more we are impressed!! She is really accomplished in so many areas and graduating in Public Health is just one of them. She has already been called on for health advice and also offered a job after she gets home from Thailand!
that loves him. Certainly he´s one of the most influential musicians; even Pete Townshend said in his poem for him ”A normal day for Brian a man who died every day”: I used to play my guitar as a kid wishing that I could be like him.
It's prettier when you see it in person. The photos just don't do it justice. I began collecting gold and silver ornaments in the late 1990's. Always bought the stuff at 70% off or better. More on this tree in a future post.
So how do we avoid these pitfalls? Let's try re-thinking our goals as a parents. One of my goals as a parent is to allow my kids to be as happy as they are capable of being, doing whatever it is that makes them happiest. Another goal is to empower my kids to choose happiness, by giving them as much control over their lives as I can, now, even while they are only two and four years old. I am hoping that the way my husband and I treat our kids will help them figure out what makes them tick and what they want out of life and how to get it.
If you think that way (and maybe you don’t), here’s my question for you: do you want him to be hardened? Is that the goal of the church- to wring service out of her youth, call them into parishes, and drain the joy of salvation from them like sap from a tree? Certainly not. Zink’s writing reveals a heart for service that was the key to the early church and is the hope of the future church. His work since returning to the US from Itipini has included studying for
Grated parmesan cheese (optional)
Pretend that the fighting doesn't mean anything?
It reminds me why I write. And why I put myself through the grind that is querying.
would it necessarily have been the choice I went with as a pet owner? No.
Designer ~ Little House Needleworks
III. Paediatric Extension of Duration The objective of the Paediatric Regulation is to ease the development and accessibility of medicinal products for use with the paediatric population. This objective is achieved by a system of obligations, rewards and incentives, where multiple incentives are ought to be excluded. An extension of duration is a reward with respect to ArtPd. 36. The general preconditions for an application for extension of duration were shown with regard to the respective form sheets of the German Patent and Trademark Office and the Intellectual Property Office, UK (Form SP4). Also it was shown for application deadlines to vary with respect to status of the application procedure. On the other hand, in the case of waiver, class waiver or deferral according to ArtPd. 7(1(b) to (d) an extension of duration is not possible. In the case of a new field of application of significant clinical benefit against existing therapy it may also be applied for a one year extension of data exclusivity (Art. 10(1) 2001/83). Here the company has to choose exclusively between one more year of data protection or a 6 month extension of duration. If market exclusivity was granted to orphan drugs according to Art. 8(1) 141/2000, there is no extension of duration (ArtPd. 26(4)). A controversial question in the field is whether studies which were conducted accordingly to the agreed paediatric investigation plan, must have been conducted by the holder of the patent or protection certificate or if the results of third party studies can be used instead. Although considering the intention of the Paediatric Regulation, the consequence of admissibility of use of third party studies and a missing analogy to the decision Biogen/ SmithKline, the question is yet not decided. IV. Scope and Effect of an SPC. Incidentally, on the same day the CJEU answered the Referral in Case C-442/11, directed to the question of the effects of a mono SPC against combination products, this issue was intensively discussed during the seminar.
But enough of the background, let's get on with the interview.
It is far from clear whether this 195m-strong cub of the BRICs quartet has broken out of the “middle income trap” after half a century of tantalizing efforts, each dashed by events.
Defense: Pittsburgh
Love Deftones, and love this cover by London’s The Mouth of Ghosts. They’ve just released When The Sun Sets, a pay-what-you-want EP that I strongly recommend you listen to.
So what exactly is it? I answer that question in today's vlog. Enjoy!
Others are white Center Hall Colonial type homes you might see in Connecticut.
It started off the same way it always does. I'm alone and happy and some woman comes along and sees a situation that she can ruin. In mid swig of the ol' PBR she sat down and bumped into me which resulted in the first lame thing she did: she made me spill my beer. I attempted to ignore the obvious bump-and-ramble but she persisted in her entreaties by talking to me.
A man behind every woman is great.
McGwire says that he was born to hit home runs. That he has hit home runs his whole life. And that his steroid use was done to keep him healthy - or more specifically to keep him from being constantly injured. He did not do so, he explained, to get larger muscles.
Density doesn't equal complexity and complexity doesn't equal nuance. The more tech-heavy modern metal gets, the less it seems to have anything to say emotionally and the palette in which to say it becomes more and more monochromatic via dictates of loudness wars sound design. Instead modern metal is increasingly base, the basic idea is how most to augment the linear sexuality of the riff, the mechanised sadist thrust of sixteenths over double-bass. Slow metal, fast metal, noodly wanky prog metal and anthemic chorus-laden pop metal, all with the same values, all peaking over the red, all loudly cracking speakers in a simple triangle room. Speaker left, lonely guy, speaker right.
I am not strong enough to do a stamp with one hit, so this is my advice to you if you're in the same boat.
Me: Sure.
I am a writer and a former instructional designer and facilitator. I am a woman, a widow, a daughter, a mother, a sister. I love words, humor, and humorous words. I own a glass half full, a house filled with dust bunnies and a heart shaped rock with two sets of initials carved into it. I write fiction and creative non-fiction, have had prose and poetry published in various literary magazines and periodicals, and have taught writing courses for adults.
Ummm… no.
Out money is different sizes for different denominations, brightly coloured, has many security features, from micro-printing, clear windows, watermarks, magnetic strips and a few others. It is amongst the hardest in the world to counterfeit, The level or printing on these notes are amazing… looking under a macro lens, it is fairly easy to see how hard these would be to counterfeit, and have them still look legitimate. One more thing about our money, and I feel that this is best of all; its waterproof! I can go swimming or snorkelling with cash in my pocket, and still spend it when I get out of the water. I wouldn’t want to do that with a bank card, and certainly not with paper money.
Today I am asking Washington to continue to support the National Writing Project. NWP funding is labeled an earmark in the reductions. How is it defined as an earmark? An earmark to this voter signals special interests and pork bellies. Do teachers have a special interest in NWP funding. We do, so should parents. If you have a stake in students, if you want to support the National Writing Project, contact your representative (search for them on Twitter here). Search by zip code by using the search box on the bottom left. Blog about how the National Writing Project supported you as a teacher. Follow @writingproject, @chadsansing, and the #blog4nwp, or #nwp hashtags. Lend your support to those gathered in Washington today for the spring meeting of the National Writing Project. Let them know their work matters.
Janet Greenstreet, who lives in Fulwood Road, complained that some bus stops in Sheffield had been moved which create a series of inconvenience. Moreover, she had to wait for a longer time when she wanted to go to the city centre as a result of the cancelling of service 40.
Goddard doesn't go into much detail into this track's session history, unfortunately. It's an instrumental, with some additional Marr-riffic guitars that are either obscured or wiped from the final recording, presumably due to Moz laying down his vocals on top. I do like Rourke's bass on this version however.
except she is the smarter one for picking the warmer climate...
First, the changes in landscape are stunning. This is a magnificently beautiful state. We biked through intensely green, dense woodlands; ancient, colorful prairies; overgrown, soggy swamps; sweeping, imposing bluffs; calm, rolling farms; and of course, the powerful, flowing waterways. I was in complete awe riding through the “backyard” of my home state.
Great Basin bristlecone pines were dubbed “the trees that rewrote history.”
I stumble in to the Department, to various comments about the local bum turning up for work. This prompts me to a caffeine fix (well, NHS tea) and a decision to use the "value" razor I have in the office for just such an occasion.
Ottawa Senators @ New York Rangers, 6 pm NBC Sports Network/Series Tied 2-2
– Ernest Hemingway
A bird in the hand.....is going to poop on you.
They seem to be grouped into families at specific distances, with no-mans-land in between - our Kirkwood gaps.
Happy National Ritual Celebration Week!
Imagine the strongest, most bitter peppermint Altoid baked in a sugar cookie. Now double that, or triple that.
I halved the recipe I found, since I don't trust myself around that many cookies, and took the butter down a bit since it seemed a bit excessive.
SD: I always look for unique and original details that mesh seamlessly with interesting, one-of-a-kind venues. I love featuring venues that represent a certain area or region and I have a soft spot for intimate at-home weddings.
Embelishments (or adornos in Castellano) are like icing on the cake.
Follow me on twitter for all iOS stuff-
The reality is nobody will be arrested. White taxpayers will pay for whatever damage and this is the last you will hear of this incident.
Oliver Cowdery gave even more detail about one of these temple preparation meetings, noting how the Latter-day Saints followed Old Testament patterns in washing and anointing priests for temple service.
Everybody knows the good guys lost
2. China’s size effect
Now, I don’t usually expect people on Twitter to respond so I just sat there trying to think of where those books were now. (My poor mom is always on the hunt for things I remember randomly.) As I sat there thinking about it and listening to whoosh whoosh and pzzzt pzzzt from my four year old, I looked down and focused on a book sitting on the table in front of me – a table I rarely sit at. It was the book that has been floating around my house for the last two months. Remember that book? It’s called “The Sick of Being Sick Book” and it’s written by Jovial Bob Stine and Jane Stine.
I first "met" Jean at a local craft store where I purchased my first crochet book on baby afghans -- with her name on the cover. I had always wondered who she was; it wasn't until a few years later, once I went "public" with my crochet and joined the online movement, that I joined Crochet Partners, then a private group with its own website. Shortly thereafter, when the group was moved to Yahoo! (where it still flourishes today) did I learn she owned the group!
08. Fistfull Of Love
- In Europe people are usually more hospitable, even if they dont know your band. Cooking, places to sleep, beer, pretty much everything all around. Usually in the U.S its not so common to find people/places like that.
This is what I call the poor man's petal effect. Instead of using a spatula to smear each icing blog, I just dragged my tip down into it and stroked the icing away.
What kind of pet are you willing to care for?
1. The actual, full name of this review is Eugene City Brewery Honey Orange Wheat Ale, which for the purposes of titling has been cut down to size.
But really, I love that place. They have amazing hummus. Amazing mainly because they give you waaaaay too much, and call it an appetizer. Hello stuffing my face.
"Research conducted by the DA suggests that only 4% of South Africans support the bill, which further necessitates comprehensive amendments to ensure that the bill is aligned with our Constitution and the values of a democratic society," Lees said.
11 Ramuntcho Matta-Viens Dormir Avec Moi (Dee Mix)
The accusation that I have links to Breivik is a deception that shows how desperate the Counter Terrorism Unit are. They badly want to build up a narrative that the “far-right” are equally extreme and terrorists like the Muslim community.
poet is an
Related Games:
You've demonstrated you can hear advice and revise, one of the things every good writer must have.
A Poem is not an Empty Room
If you've been following along with my blog recently you know I've had a little more time to color with my Copic makers and have been practicing. The image I practiced on today is a background stamp made by the Peddler's Pack. It's rather intimidating in size and the variety of fruit to color but I did it!
America’s current financial crisis may become the world’s next plague. By any measure, the situation is dangerously close to popping in much the same way a festering boil explodes when lanced.
Said "I've got no further use for these.
The setting was definitely not ideal; the various singers were accompanied by students playing accordion; in the Jeff Hamburg part, accordion and cello. The combination of vocal(s) and accordion worked fairly okay in the first part, but Luise Kimm’s voice rung out in the second part – David P. Graham’s “Das Märchen vorbei”. In the last part of the short concert, “Wine, Love and Death”, I could hardly hear one of the two students sing, either Bernadette Heygi or Jikke van der Velde. This may all have been caused by having to perform in a large room, not meant to be used for concerts.
choice that has to be made
1. During the expansion of the Ottoman Empire, the people of Mohács hid in the swamps and woods surrounding the town to avoid slaughter. One night, an old man appeared out to the refugees. He instructed them that on the night of the next storm a knight will arrive and that he would lead the people to reclaim their town. He told them to dress in animal skins and wear wooden masks. The knight arrived as foretold, and the costumed refugees raided the village, making as much noise as possible. The Turks were so frightened by the masked men and noises, thinking they were evil spirits, they fled Mohács before sunrise. The town reenacts the reclaiming of Mohács every year.
And now for my biological lecture for anybody who cares to read far enough down to this bit. I know why they seperated abeil society into worker-soldier-queen society: it makes for easy classification into who the commoners, the ones you fight and the one you diplomatize with are gonna be. Actual bee society is also quite interesting in that it's a worker-drone-queen society, where the all-female workers do all the work and defending of the hive. The stingless, all-male drones exist purely for the purpose of mating with the queen, usually of a different hive, since the queen stores all the genetic material necessary from previous drones for her 3-5 year lifespan.
By the summer before my senior year in college, I was panicking. Each student in my department was expected to complete one internship for credit before graduation. I had been searching and writing cover letters to send out during spring break, continued looking through spring quarter, and was beginning to despair to find even just a job for over the summer. At this point I still didn’t have my license, so the chances of finding an internship I could actually even transport myself to seemed slim.
You're not strong enough to take it
Here, we see that we have given authority to hold on others, it is as it is written in Matthew 18/18: “I tell you the truth, whatever you bind on earth will be bound in heaven, and whatever you loose on earth will be loosed in heaven.”
What I liked about it -
With the entire assembly left staring
Lacy Labels Cart - Label for stamp
St. Peregrine (1260-1345)
Cummings comes from a farming family and said that “farmers are actually very conservative and not a crowd that lends itself to robots,” but eventually she thinks that they will. “They can’t get enough people to man the fields,” she said.
Date and Time: November 6, 2010, 8:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.
R24: *Sk 1 sc, sc 1* rep 6 times. (6 sts)
Let the ox be yoked, seed lie beneath ploughed soil:
My heart broke on October 3, 2011… It broke in a way I thought it would never break, even thought I knew one day it would. My heart broke. On October 3rd, my beloved grandmother who I lovingly called Yaya left this earth. My heart broke.
Enjoy every scoop of this wonderful mango delight - mango icecream!!
It’s not because I can’t read a classic. I mean Austen and Bronte….remember? Jane Eyre was the first classic I got through and I was hooked on classics. So, it’s not because I don’t know how to read a classic.
We pay: S 0
Similar situations and my reaction remains the same. We are tested often in our integrity and our values. We learn as we go; we grow, we change and we hopefully gather wisdom. Being true to ourselves. Maintaining our values. And laying that anger down...feel the burn and move on.
Father Christmas has various companions, one of which in Germany is Knecht Ruprecht. However, not all of his helpers are frightening; the Christkindl, meaning Christ Child, was thought to accompany him in many countries. Indeed, the Christian Christmas story is difficult to separate from these other winter legends.
There is still time to join our current challenge which is below this post!
April 2007 - December 2007: New Jersery
I am not sure where the photo was taken, but there is a very good chance it was on one of the amusement piers in Atlantic City, New Jersey. We moved to the Atlantic City area when I was about one.
Although of course, either way, whose future does not change direction after reacting to an earthquake and moving towns?
Even at 7 month's pregnant, Carrie is a cleaning champ, while the non pregnant man that I am is a cleaning chump. She just keeps going and going and going, and I'm about to pass out on the couch just wanting to sit and relax.
As I was reflecting on what love means to me I came across these passages this week in reading The Purpose Driven Life: The Bible uses the term heart to describe the bundle of desires, hopes, interests, ambitions, dreams, and affections you have. Your heart represents the source of all of your motivations-what you love to do and what you care about the most.
Last but not least, I present bak choy (Chinese cabbage) with shrimp. Lately I’ve started to use frozen mussels with bak choy, simmered in a white wine/oyster sauce mixture with some other bits and pieces (only the mussels, not the bak choy). It actually tastes pretty good; maybe I’ll include that in part 3, if there is ever going to be one. Anyway, the shrimp edition was one of my earliest dishes made in France. I’m so glad they have at least one Chinese supermarket in Bordeaux that provides my Chinese needs, such as bak choy. I can live!
I know this may sound petty. But when you have an autistic child, it’s not. We have our routine at the bowling ally. It makes things a lot easier when other people are courteous of others. Even when my son isn’t with us, it makes our bowling experience better when the people around you are respectful.
The same day he told me this, I had everything off my painted walls.
Usually I'm quick enough to get in the patients' room before the doctor, but there is one doc who is super quick. He's also my favorite doc and is known for laying the verbal smackdown on those out of control, but that's a story for another day.
· From the 1968 Christmas TV special, the song “Christmas Glow Worm”, sung with Dorothy Collins, is here.
And they're never gonna steal my joy
Klosterbrauerei Weltenburg Weltenburger Kloster Barock-Hell
1 13.5 oz can light coconut milk
I post more on my facebook if you want to see some photo's from my trip please check there..
Yes? I don't know if you like it, but I love it. It was making me angry that we registered for this beautiful stainless ice bucket for our wedding and it was collecting dust in our cupboard (obviously I anger easily). Now it's a K-bucket and it makes me happy.
Shops are recycling the scrap metal from many auto parts, including alternators, brakes, engines and transmissions. The volume of material recycled annually in the United States includes 74 million metric tons of iron and steel, 4.7 million metric tons of aluminum and 1.8 million metric tons of copper, according to the Institute of Scrap Recycling Industries (ISRI).
Now the kitchen is to be white. Not a cold, antiseptic hospital white. A little warmer, but still, not to suggest any other color but white.
Mom: Why aren't you saying anything?
Tom Giebink, Contact Improvisation teacher & dancer, Austin Body Choir
McDonald’s: One of their more popular menu choices; the Quarter Pounder (with optional cheese depending on your dairy tolerance) which would clearly taste different if it were called the 113.4 Gram-er (see, it doesn’t even sound like a burger if there isnt any pounder in it).
It pours like a golden-amber ale with a pinkish hue.
The difference is simple: Auden’s drug-induced poetry is clever; Dylan’s song was inspired.
Imprisonment is not a must while punishing a person who issues cheques which bounce, the Supreme Court stated in the case, Kaushalya Devi vs Roopkishore. In this case, the drawer of cheques was convicted under the Negotiable Instruments Act. However, he deposited Rs 2 lakh out of Rs 3.5 lakh against the cheques. The magistrate felt that under that circumstance, fine would suffice and imprisonment was not necessary. He imposed a fine of Rs 4 lakh and allowed time to pay the balance. This order was challenged by the payee, but the Supreme Court agreed with the magistrate that jail sentence was not called for in this particular case.
Phee-ew. Due to a busy-ass work week and a labour-intensive poster I’ve been working on, I haven’t done much in the way of fun to upload. But today I scaroogled with designs for a business card for musician and friend Andrew Long. Here are my thought so far:
Filming prevented us getting good pictures
In the Scranton Times-Tribune on April 8, he wrote another letter that said "In fact, the buying power of large supermarket chains like Wegmans makes it very difficult for small food and beverage producers to compete profitably. Shelf space is at such a premium in supermarkets that manufacturers and distributors are forced to pay “slotting allowances” to even get their products displayed on supermarket shelves."Manufacturers and distributors do pay "slotting allowances," also known as "slotting fees," to get their products on supermarket shelves...except for alcohol beverages. That's illegal, slotting fees for alcohol beverages having been banned by the then-Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms in 1995, a federal ban. Once again, a bogeyman: grocery wholesalers have to pay slotting fees, beer wholesalers do not. As it happens, Wegmans loves small producers; it gives their stores a competitive advantage. I've been in Wegmans in New York: the beer selection's quite nice.
In this work, we have the ambition of Polke to keep things open and loose, the courage to risk beauty, yet the weirdness to avoid producing it like a factory. It is still way too early in his career to know if Berresheim can sustain this comparison to Polke, but his Patrick Painter show left me optimistic and dazzled.
On the outskirts of the village, the footpath heads across open pasture with a wonderful view of the North Downs scarp slope. Then along Towerhill Lane, which as the epithet ‘(Path)’ given on the map suggests, is not a lane but a narrow footpath that heads towards Gomshall, beneath arching hazel branches, in a narrow cleft that appears to have been carved into the sandstone. Like Towerhill Manor at its northern extent, its easy to imagine that such a right of way has seen hundreds of years of history – countless feet must have passed this way over the centuries.
Any who, time for bed, but thought I'd update you on my current projects. I have one other project in the works, that if it all works out, I'll be making a whole lot of them for a friend's bridal shower.
Where They Stand: Ptacek says that the TTB have presented him with some obstacles regarding his brewer's permit due to some legal minutia and paperwork details. However, his insurance company has been hashing out the problem and he expects to be receiving TTB approval very soon. So keep an eye out on the respective Green Room webpages for any updates on when you can grab a Papa Louie's with a Green Room burger. Until then, you can go grab a bite (I recommend the 4010 burger) and a beer from one of Green Room's other taps at their Westport location, 4010 Pennsylvania Avenue.
My fucking Friday was turned upside down. Various issues arose throughout the day, and not one of them ended the way I would have liked for them to… On top of that, my weekend plans are somewhat dashed as a result of something else beyond my control. So essentially, in a span of three hours, a series of unfortunate events have completely derailed not only my week, but also my weekend. Fucking excellent.
what I love about the size of it, is that it fits you.
See my baby?? Let’s just say, we are not amused. Ok, well maybe just a little amused. Needless to say, I won’t be cheaping out on her haircuts any more… The upside to this is that I did, however, find a number of cheapo sweaters for her to wear until her hair grows back out. It’s getting downright chilly here!
The trail starts around 9500 feet above sea level, and goes up from there, and today, the trail was further complicated by having a few inches of snow on top. It only took a few minutes before I was not only gasping for air, but sweating profusely. It was maybe 30 degrees Fahrenheit, and still.
The only conclusion I can draw from this is that Hagee is knowingly practicing deceit. He knows that most American evangelicals would not support his views if he stated them as plainly as he does when speaking to a foreign audience. On the other hand he loves the friendship and praise of Jewish religious and political leaders so he refuses to do or say anything that would offend them. He loves the praise of men more than the praise of God.
As a community activist in Queens, Muhammad Rashid has fought for the rights of immigrants held in detention, sought the preservation of local movie theaters, and held a street fair to promote diversity.
Then it ended, just as quickly as it started.
What is Usana? Usana is a nutrition and personal care products powered Multilevel marketing organization with a Business Opportunity. The company appears solid, these products are intriguing and the actual promise of being able to create a good earnings at home as you construct your Usana Business has got you to the point where you’re just about ready to pull the actual trigger.
I don't usually make Christmas cards in January, but this is a new year and I will be making a couple every month so I have more than enough when the big day arrives. Here is another vintage style card using fabulous Pion papers, Rose Petal vintage style seam binding, dusky rose mini ric rac and 12mm cream picot cotton lace. The sentiment is from Papertrey Ink stamped with cocoa brown ink onto kraft card. (To everyone who knows Andrea, don't worry, I have bought her some more papers to make up for all the sheets I have 'borrowed' from the ones I bought her for Christmas :-)
Angeles, with several tributes
- 16th: Kevin leaves. I cried. A lot. -
In what 'national interest' you might ask? Well there's plenty of scope. Just ask the NACT PM and cabinet ministers who all seem to have blind trusts in potential pots of gold in them there Conservation estates, Canterbury water, agriculture and horticulture, not to mention property deals and ministerial expense rorts. For example, Key, Creech, Carter and the like all have interests in Canterbury dairying and are like a new squatter class grabbing water rights and polluting the drinking water of Canterbury workers, while PM Key fatuously brags about his JK brand of wine.
7. Carefully, but quickly, fold in the sifted flour mixture.
where do I start...
I'm curious to see how it all ends up when I go back to work today.
Nicola Santiago
1 cup 1- inch pieces boneless fish fillet
The Forward reports that:
Well time for another challenge thankyou for all of your gorgeous
The answer is right, no matter which one it is.
- When it is little warmer add this to the rice and mix well. (We can prepare this paste and store in refrigerator and mix it when we need to prepare pulihora anytime with ease)
Have you heard of Water Kefir yet?? Have you tried it?? Did you know it has been around for thousands of years?? This was another idea that I heard about over a year ago but I was very hesitant and it took me this long to finally try it. I am sooooo glad I did!
Calm abiding. It'll come back. Perhaps tomorrow.
Bonds appear to be uptrending but gained only 0.1% on the week.
Pantry Olive
She collected lots of white ironstone...
Luckily, we took it with us and, after swimming, everyone polished it off.
She flagged down the vehicle, pointed to the abandoned car, then swept a hand indicating he should drive on the hard packed surface of the desert rather than the path. The vehicle stopped, and the passenger door opened. She ducked her head inside and gave a start when she saw Deputy Midget.
I love Saturday mornings that start with a good cup of coffee in my Pj's. Those mornings where you can slowly start your day and not worry about where you have to be! Those are the best! That is exactly the type of morning I am having right now, and if I could have some Mango Waffles from Victor's I would be one happy camper!
she moaning hard and slow in the birthing box,
outfit – VC Designs, Gothloli Dollie Dress Outfit, on special right now for only 5L! Includes stockings and hat. Make sure to check out the lucky boards while you’re there. They’re on a 5 minute rotation and include wildcards. Nice stuff!
This one is a little tough to follow on purpose. Evil Cordelia just gave birth to a tall, black woman who everyone is in love with. At some point Fred finds herself being the only one that can see Jasmine’s true face.
The Change-Up is goofy. When a movie begins with a kid basically shitting in his dad's mouth, you know you're in for some random good times.
Pink skinless/boneless (with salt) Just over 1 can
So, Rob and Kit get back to the mansion, and tell the others about what they saw. When, as a group they realize that Skip hasn't been seen by anyone since last night, they conduct a search of the island. Chazz almost immediately finds the switchblade, which is broken, and shows it to Rob and Arch. They come up with the idea that Buck may have done something to Skip, out of a desire for revenge.
While I doubt “Shadow Play” will go down as one of my favorite episodes, it is an above average effort that is far better than it ought to be considering much more of it is a carbon copy of A Beautiful Mind. . Pretty much every Gater considers the Jonas stuff an afterthought, no?
But I'm just going to say that it's a sign that we're meant to be.
100% crops from Nokia 808 PureView full-resolution photos
Behold, the great army, the astonishing company, the assemblage of nations who have come together to fight against The Holy One of Israel, shall be broken in pieces without hand!… For strong is The Lord, and sharp is the sword which proceeds from His mouth!
That same Sunday, the fourth, we also attended a Pittsburgh Pirates baseball game. It was 9 innings of pure bliss (even my eldest son, who rather despises any and all sports, said the game was his favorite part of the trip.) There was so much going on that day–not least of which was the Pirates coming from behind to win the game against the Phillies. I can only think of one, maybe two, things that I enjoy more than sitting at a baseball game in hot, July heat, but not many more.
The anarchists’ understanding of the intimate relationship between ends and means is one of the themes of the final chapter. This has led both to a principled rejection of parliamentary politics and the aspiration to take power in the state – for benevolent or other purposes.
That you stay surrounding me, surrounding me.
Anyway, back to the Hunger Games after I finished it I thought to myself “I’ve decided it is totally appropriate to say ‘I hunger Game you’” and here is what it means. When you say ‘I Hunger Game you’ it means I love you, I care about you, I think about you everyday and I will fight for you till death and that is how I show my love to you. You are so precious to me and if it means going against authority so be it. I cannot live without you. I totally Hunger Game you. So a new phrase has been born.
I love Christmas. I love spending time with family, the food, looking back at the past year...but when you are doing extra traveling, messing with schedules, tons of people, and activities that aren't normal it just can wear on your little ones. Especially those little ones with sensory issues that need the consistency of a schedule to help them function their best.
"OK go into the hallway and wait for one of the doors to open, go in and lock it, take your shirt off and wait for the door on the other side to open."
(b) “The Seed appears and disappears continuously.” Here “Seed” stands for “the World-germ,” viewed by Science as material particles in a highly attenuated condition, but in Occult physics as “Spiritual particles,” i.e., supersensuous matter existing in a state of primeval differentiation.* In theogony, every Seed is an ethereal organism, from which evolves later on a celestial being, a God.
13. Boy Weasel
Pandora’s box was opened, and for the next couple of years, 5 days out of 7, my Sloggi briefs were consigned to the back of the drawer, and an increasing number of thongs, strings and a few other more esoteric items of underwear were my undies of choice.
So I *am* thrilled, and I’m loving it so far! It’s got 100 classic ebooks included in it, some of which I’ve read, some of which I’ve been wanting to read, and there are more free downloadable ebooks available online! I also have some PDF ebook files on my computer that I’m planning to transfer over to my KOBO, but I’m not sure if that works yet.
In late April an unidentified source snitched to the peeps at E! that the scads of reports of Miss Lively and Mister Reynold house hunting for a country house together were not only not exactly accurate given that Miss Lively had, in fact, already acquired a house near Bedford, NY that belongs to her and only her.
33. Electrical and mechanical malfunctions: When you are around, lightbulbs flicker, the computer locks up, or the radio goes haywire. Advice: Call on your angels, guides, or Grace Elohim to fix it or put up a field of protection of light around the machine. Surround your car with bluelight. Laugh.
Ever since the lawsuit was filed in September amid heated community reaction, school officials have said the display is not religious because it also includes historical documents such as the Bill of Rights and the Declaration of Independence.
The anger in that thought got him up into an undignified hands-and-knees crawl across to Rissad. The Gatemaker hadn't moved. Rel said, "That was a dirty trick."
No discomfort or failure for your delicate offspring.
James Doscher was sentenced to 26 years in prison for criminal sexual conduct with a minor in the 1st degree. He was also sentenced to 20 years and 15 years on related charges, but the sentencing will be served concurrently. Doscher will have to serve more than 22 years before he is eligible for release.
He quickly replied on my page saying that was the best comment he's ever gotten and from that day forward we commented, messaged and eventually started talking on the phone. It took us a good year to get together as a couple but the song will always remind me of one of our first exchanges upon meeting.
This weekend’s Teaching Unplugged conference in Barcelona (sponsored by the IATEFL Teacher Development SIG) adopted an Open Space format for the afternoon session. Participants posted topics that they felt might be of general interest. Topics included ‘Syllabusing and lesson planning for Teaching Unplugged’; ‘Integrating technology into Teaching Unplugged’; ‘Researching Teaching Unplugged’; and ‘Implementing Teaching Unplugged in an institutional context’. Volunteers offered to ‘chair’ one from a short-list of these topics. After 90 minutes or so of group discussions – in which participants were free to come and go – the whole group re-assembled for the report back stage. The sense that the conference participants had some ‘ownership’ of the conference agenda was palpable.
This month's releases include a cute new Tooth Fairy Ellie stamp set and a totally cool new dress up Fhiona stamp and die set. Today I'm sharing a canvas pouch I made (yep, I actually SEWED some fabric instead of paper LOL!) to keep those pearly whites in while waiting for the tooth fairy.
Do something you love to do; without expecting others
Cancer
You can't really see the sheen of the Patina (top). Panache has the same look but may be slightly thicker. Beneath that is #8 Perle Coton, which gives a more open look. Neither one covers the canvas completely. The middle swatches are the Silken Pearl (SNP; left) and #5 Perle Coton. The SNP gives an even more open, lacier look, which I rather like. The #5 covers much more than even the Patina and is nubbier. For the Fiesta (left in the bottom picture), I used three plies, which gives a similar effect to #8 Perle and SNP. I attempted to just use the strand as it came off the card, but it wasn't a happy experience, so I switched to the smaller bundle. (I took no pains with laying this, as I was pretty sure I wasn't going to enjoy the experience of stitching regardless of the look.) I like the way the Grandeur filled better than the #5 Perle. It was less bumpy, being a finer twist. My preference for stitching with silk was once again confirmed by this exercise.
Just as an aside, for those that are interested in these things (and I know a lot of you are). In the constant battle between Our Hero and Mother Natures playful and Quixotic offspring, the wind, with regards the infamous hat and how many times said wind could flip it away from my noble brow before I could catch it. The wind won 7-3. But not once did it land in anything more toxic than the rain wet grass…
inside the garage so I didn't get creeped out or stumble over our
And proudly show it to those you meet!
Phew!
it took so many years to plan
I’ve managed to keep it together for this long by being stringent about what forum I use for what but it’s getting harder and harder to stick to these ‘rules’ because there really aren’t any.
Usually, when someone is going to approach photography the first thing he doea is to buy a camera. Of tern it does a more or less in depth course, where he learns basic technique, as aperture, times, ISO, white balance and so on. Almost nothing is said about the other great protagonist of photography: the recipient, the human eye... READ MORE
Wheat is really my downfall and the "white" I most endeavor to keep in check. Rarely will I eat a meal anymore that's heavy on wheat. Much as I love it, it no longer loves me. When I do indulge, I have a moderately sized portion and make sure I'm also eating lots of vegetables and protein along with it.
"What kind of dog is it? Do you know?"
The best part of getting into see "The Like". Not only were these 3 girls adorable, but, as the guy in front of me pointed out, they were really good. More tingly feelings down stairs.
But I fell in love with them. And I love this belt!
What does it mean when we use the vagina – something that’s flexible, self-cleaning, and can “take a pounding” (as Betty White has been quoted to say), not to mention the vessel through which lifeblood and the next members of the human race come tumbling out – as a means to humiliate people?
“Unless, perhaps, you’d consider doing it,” he murmured, giving me a coy look.
Yes! Watch a movie that Mr. C would probably prefer NOT to watch with me. I cozy up on the bed with a blanket and some tea & settle in to watch “Coco avant Chanel” with Audrey Tautou.
* 1 lb. lasagna noodles, cooked & rinse in cold water
It really hurt. And it left a mark, too.
Series or stand-alone: The Vespertine (2)
I've been locked out of my blog for a little while. No idea why, but I'm just glad I'm back!
nor is the chestnut-sided warbler pleased to meet you.
118. Strong network of extended family.
And so, to close out these 19 days:
Moreover, Berger’s storyline was completely unnecessary. However, the comment that all patriarchal institutions have an effect on violence against women was not lost on me. Berger experiences degrading name-calling and her authority is constantly challenged and questioned. She experiences horrendous workplace harrassment that ends in a vicious assault. She is hired to make changes to an archaic newspaper – a sole woman in a sea of men who have never been bossed around by a woman – and, essentially, fails. One woman cannot do it alone, even someone as strong and intelligent as Erika Berger. The kind of change that the Millenium Trilogy calls for, true gender equality and respect – requires action and committment from all.
As it turns out the new bloke seems uninterested in football (as far as I can tell anyway), so I guess the prospect of filling the pub with City folk appeals because his takings will be up. The first football night was the Macedonia v England game and he got a sizable crowd in. In return he provided chicken curry, chips and, bizarrely, sausage. It went down a treat – and England won.
And the lyrics. Oh, the lyrics. Honestly, on paper, this might be the corniest song ever penned in hip hop history. If you read it, you'd think an old white grandmother from the midwest wrote it. We're talking two verses of the most earnest and unabashedly didactic lyrics ever; complete with directions to "scream whoopy-doo," "do your chores," and "get a suit for a job" ... If you tell a head on the street to scream whoopy-doo and get a suit for a job, you're gonna get smacked. At the least. But if you throw on "Hey Young World" and let Slick Rick tell 'em, it's all good. Even positive b-boys like Common and Mos Def don't bring it this raw, always couching their consciousness in the cool neo-soul slang of the day. Rick just tells the kids to "make your mama proud" and "go for yours cause dreams come true."
MAMU asked, dear amit, what kind of career oriented course should i choose after my class xii results. i am interested in arts and commerce. any career-oriented, industry-oriented course for me?
Me: Are u just trying to kill me? Cuz if u are u should know I canceled that insurance policy.
I just finished the first cut at the quadratic arc decorators for the Freehand Drawing Library. Previously, only solid arcs could be drawn. The example below shows dashed- and dotted-line decoration applied to arrowed arcs.
The notion that "someone else" will provide for us right now so that we don't have to provide for ourselves is utterly ridiculous. But before my comments are misconstrued, let me clarify what I mean: There have always been poor people, and unfortunately right now millions more people are sliding into poverty or are at risk of doing so. But for the rest of us who have a little money left over after our basic needs are taken care of, it's the smart thing to do to start stocking up on food so that if you happen to end up among those who are struggling to find work or otherwise can't afford food, you'll already have food on hand to sustain you until you can find work. We buy car insurance, home insurance and health insurance to help cover our needs in those areas, so why not give ourselves "food insurance" as well? If you have the means to stock up on food, there's no good reason not to do so.
Ladies and Gentleman of the audience, I'm a news hound with a long memory. I have a tendency of retaining way too much useless information. I'm also a hopeless gossip. Love to gossip.
Minimize Harm
Right next to her ear.
For Brayden's 1st Birthday, we are keeping things pretty low key. We are inviting family and friends over for cake and ice cream to celebrate, and having the party at our house in the garage/backyard/new patio.
How did you score?
Let's see...the thing that you have to catch in this story is...what a fast worker my Handsome Honey is!
Sex appeal: Low. Gene Tierney is in this but she wasn't looking her best. Perhaps because he was making a movie about politicians, Preminger shot everyone with a GargoyleCam.
I stood at the shore as the island slowly came to life. Early birds were rushing to swim at the sea, hungry lovers walking the shore in search of a delicious breakfast. The sun had risen, a new day has begun. But inside, I felt like something died. Hope withers... again.
In any event, Mr. Erixon also has the right prognosis. The burden of the welfare state needs to shrink. And he seems reasonably certain that will happen.
It is also the ideal place to meet the most qualified professionals and leaders of the top companies and institutions from the real-estate market, to discover new business opportunities in Spain and other markets and to identify key market trends.
My favorite colors, Aqua, Pink & Silver. This set always makes me want to kick back with a glass of wine and go hop in the tub and relax with a good book.......
Linear dampers
A xenium, according to The Phrontistery, is "a gift made to a guest or ambassador; any compulsory gift." The related term, "xenial," means "of or concerning hospitality toward guests."
The boatman singing what belongs to him in his boat—the deckhand singing on the steamboat deck;
For example, all of us were raised Methodist in a very church-centered household. Yet, when we married, each of us adopted the faith of our spouse. Kathyrn became Baptist, Frank became Presbyterian, and I converted to Catholicism. Why did NONE of the switches go the other way? In my case, Jeff simply refused to change and I followed him so the family wouldn't be split. It didn't matter as much to me. I figured I could worship God in any church.
This is my altered project for Spellbinders for the month of April. I just love working with Copper or any type of metals for that matter.
I used the Once Upon a Princess cuttlebug folder for the front of this album.
After enduring a six hour long of flight, I’ve finally arrived in South Korea. We made the mistake of taking the subway instead of the bus.
“I hate carrots!” he exclaimed so loudly that the other people present looked at us strangely.
“That’s Ann. She’s been helping me. We met on the plane.”
The interior programs of the spaces are very important for the typology, however, the module allows for exterior use of spaces, which is different from the ways bangs are developed in Seoul. Bangs in Seoul occupy existing infrastructure and don’t have access to the rooftops or outdoor areas, so this new type of bang for Songdo allows for outdoor activities as well as indoor activities. The bangs also utilize the services of the building that they attach to, in this case the hotel, and share means of egress and elevators.
Therefore, the Roman pantheon alongside all of the Greek gods
Last weekend, I had my first yard sale.
,How long I will be in this job for I don’t know as I am currently a ‘contractor’. But for the first time I feel asnthogh I am ij a position to be in the right industry at the right time to achieve something and move on.
The Department recognises the evidence-based health benefits of breastfeeding both for the mother and her baby and the savings to the NHS. The Department’s approach is to support all parents and parents-to-be with information to enable them to make an informed choice when deciding how to feed their baby.
We took the Cruz del Sur bus to Tacna. It’s about 20 hours’ ride from Lima, overnight. We had planned to spring for the first-class seats that recline to comfortable sleeping posture, but we waited too late and those seats were all taken. Even the regular seats were the best I’ve ever experienced on a bus. They recline to about 45 degrees, which isn’t bad. There’s a stewardess, and you get two very basic (but not awful) meals on the ride. Even so, 20 hours on a bus is way, way too much. Our seats were in the front, on the second floor, and the lavatory was in the back, so each trip meant clinging to the overhead luggage rails and stumbling like a drunk down a dark, narrow, swaying walkway, trying not to bump into sleeping passengers. Double-decker buses are really cool, but the top level sways a lot, especially on the winding mountain roads, so if you’ve ever suffered from carsickness… book early and spend the extra money for the downstairs seats. Really. Puking in a violently swaying bus lavatory is not fun.
After I got my first card done for free, I got a coupon code to get my entire purchase for 40% off, so I decided to take care of some of the more important cards for the rest of the year! I did all of the cards I'd need for Kyle, my parents, and I even threw in my college bff, Beeb's, wedding card (I totally wish I could show this one, but it will have to wait!).
not compatible with anything that edits those. However, since it uses a the
He reached the cove within a few minutes. The song has stopped by then. He could see every thing clearly in bright moon light. There was no one on the shores. Both sides were empty other than him.
Fencing me in,
Synchronicity and happenstance
Getting involved with Mick's recently released work reminded me of The Camodes' early effort "Wot U Lookin' At?" from seven years ago which was also a concept album. That thing was dodgier than an entire jammy dodger biscuit factory. The songs came first followed by the concept, which was a half-arsed attempt at stringing a few songs together into some kind of coherent tale. The narrative went something like this:
My fingers, however, worked, and I decided to start reading the book from my sister.
Pretty obviously, very many disabled people are fat, as am I, simply because our conditions totally preclude exercise, without which it is quite impossible to lose weight, and that weight is very often caused by our medication – I’ve subsisted on a diet of around 800 calories a day for many years (and that includes my weekly pub trip), and I’ve lost not an ounce because of it.
I don't know how other authors (who aren't graphic designers like me) can cope. It surprises me that most (?) publishers don't have a dedicated designer tasked with churning out graphics for their authors' websites, blogs and marketing activities.
Sometimes it’s a good thing. I don’t feel uncomfortable being alone most of the time and I get to do the things that I enjoy. I get to read, cook, listen to the music I want to listen to, play Tetris, and think. I like thinking. I like listening to music and taking a walk and getting lost in my thoughts. If someone wants to go on one of these walks with me, I can’t listen to my music, I can’t get lost in my thoughts. I have to pay attention to them and entertain them and go at their pace. I’m a slow walker… probably because I always leave early. People who are always late are always walking quickly to mitigate how late they will be. They continue these walking practices during these leisurely strolls. If I tell the person who wants to walk with me that I want to walk alone, they think something is wrong. They think I’m mad at them. I can’t explain that I don’t want to be around people right now.
SARA is busy applying for jobs, interviewing, finishing her senior thesis, and studying for finals. Her last Bethel Choir concert is tonight at 7:30pm in Benson Great Hall. It has been such a joy to have both Sara and Jacob singing together under the leadership of Dr. Dennis Port. While there will be tears of sadness tonight, we look forward to many more wonderful concerts! On Monday, May 9 at 8:00 pm, Sara will have her Senior Voice Recital in Benson Great Hall. We would love to have as many family and friends there as possible! Baccaaureate is May 20th and Commencement will be May 21st at 4:00 pm. Sara is graduating with two majors: Biochemistry/Molecular Biology (B.S.) and Chemistry (B.A.). In addition, she has already begun her Master of Arts in Teaching through Bethel University College of Adult and Professional Studies.
Drowning through the ocean floor, get chased by a strange man with blood-shed katana in his hand, my childhood doll coming into life, my teeth loosening all at once, name- it-all nightmares I would never forget until now, because in some of these I woke up sobbing with tears. But today, I will mark the most horrible dream I have had in my entire life that I will always loathe forever. I was scared this much I don’t like to sleep anymore.
The spread has a little kick to it. The manchild realized it before I did - before taking pictures of the sandwich, I cut up a couple for my little guy. As I was in the other room, I hear him clearing his throat over and over again. I thought "eh, maybe he's just thirsty" and gave him his sippy-cup. A few minutes later, I took my first bite of the sandwich... mmm.. creamy... lovely... SPICY! That chili powder sure went a long way pretty fast! I thirsted immediately for a tall glass of milk. Poor little man - no wonder he was having a little trouble there...
As I told earlier I am very inspired by the 18th and 19th century
This is how Mussolini described early Fascist meetings. Modern-day Leftist agitators too seem more interested in slogans than in any form of rational debate.
This morning I scrapped our normal routine and had the kids watch a 5 minute Brain Pop, Jr. flick on teeth brushing, then introduced The Tooth Brushing Club. I said it's not mandatory and you only had to sign up if you wanted to. Everyone wanted to sign up except my little friend with the dirty mouth. (I keep thinking of Orbit commercials, hence the "dirty mouth.") Unfortunately I forced him into it, but sometimes we need tough love right? It truly was a , "come on! Everyone else is doing it!" Great lesson to teach, right?
You see, Mixed Media comes in so many different forms and can be made by all skill levels! All you need to do is gather some art/craft supplies and let your creativity go to work!
Tuesday morning, I hit the road for home. Some highlights of the drive home:
The only issue that came up was they found what most likely an ovarian cyst in the baby. I was told that it isn’t uncommon, but not super common. Apparently the extra estrogen in pregnancy can lead to baby girls sometimes developing these, and then they go away after delivery.
Perhaps because of my experience, and a constant awareness that I've been doing OK because somebody...a LOT of people who might not be doing as well as I am have been ordering a bunch of stuff they see on TV and therefore I knew where my money was coming from ultimately. I, along with everyone else in these organizations, are making a living thanks to people buying mops, steam-cleaners, hideous knives which are guaranteed to send x number of people to emergency rooms, food dehydrators, hand blenders, appliances which catch on fire after 3 uses, robots to vacuum your floor, 935 different devices to make you thin or have awesome abs, ladders, woks, drills, paint appliers, paint removers, pasta makers, chicken rotisseries, cat piss odor suppressors, zit removers, teeth whiteners, breath fresheners, memory enhancers, spray-on hair for bald spots, "gold" colored coins being marketed as "investments" that have a fucking fleck of real gold in them worth about 80 cents, and wealth-building methods which, if successful, God-forbid you should pay more in taxes! And let's not forget pills that make your dick hard so you can always be ready to fuck on a moment's notice. (Make sure you have health insurance because if that boner lasts more than four hours you need to see a doctor right away!)
He sees the world through vintage shoe button eyes and enjoys the sweet scent of flowers with his little embroidered nose.
Of the European powers left, Spain, the favorite to win the Cup, had maybe the most difficult quarterfinal match, eking out a 1-0 win over Paraguay. I’d say Germany is the team to beat, based on how well they’ve played in the tournament thus far, scoring 4 goals in three of their games, two of those wins against powerhouses – Argentina and England.
Today, if you are like me, you would still find yourself being a ‘nobody’.
When Jack the Ripper killed his victims a man would walk down the street with a bell and yell out the breaking news, which then people had to go and wait in line to buy a newspaper to find out the full story.
SOMEONE PUSH ME REAL HARD
the party invite and volunteer checklist for the school party.
Something I must do more often as we are two different veges from two different continents when it comes to our way of thinking but that doesn't mean we can't have a day where all that is just accepted and we potter around enjoying that fact that we can be with our mother/daughter and there is no ice.
As you can see, this is all Sweet Mother has within her today. She will be taking comments for the rest of the day from bed like a blogging version of Debbie Reynolds. Maybe it was all that red wine last night, maybe it’s because the muse has decided to leave her for a newer blogger, who knows. It just is.
We were doomed from the start, believe me. Our own numbers would have struggled against the footsoldiers alone and the walls would have easily crumbled under the force of those tanks. Oh, for sure, we could have probably picked off a good few of those tanks with our own cannons, but the majority would still slip through and punch a hole in the walls assuming the gargantuan assault suits didn’t step on them first or wipe them away with their arm-mounted cannons.
CHRISTMAS NAIL ART CONTEST!!!!!!!!!!
I chose to stagger the woodgrain tags down the page, while keeping my journaling flowing from one to the next all the way down the page. I embellished with a couple of butterflies and some buttons from my stash, then called it a day!
Day 9
DUTIES: You will need to create one layout per month based on specific criteria which is always emailed in advance, you are required to comment on some users entries, I realise that we all have busy lives and it may be impossible to comment on 40+ entries each month, you are also required to vote for the previous months challenge entries and promote Kraft It Up on your blog and facebook page and anywhere else that is allowed.
Lace and Ribbon
It will also include top military brass, top intelligence personnel, defense contractors, top media moguls, corporate executives, Federal Reserve Board staff, top financiers and “too big to fail” financial entities, et cetera.
One final remark is that Elsevier is not the only publisher to behave in an objectionable way. However, it seems to be the worst.
In the book Texas Tough (pp. 205-206), historian Robert Perkinson said the Imperial unit's expansion and renaming as the Central Unit came in the face of calls for reform out of New York and "signaled that Texas's penal system would develop on its own terms, rooted in the Texas slavery belt and devoted, above all, to plantation production."
3. * Readings in Church History, Volume I, II and III. Edited by Coleman J. Barry, O.S.B. Newman Press, 1960, 1965, and 1965; 633, 393, and 375 pages respectively
* Tell a bit about Down syndrome (we have lots of cells and you all have 46 chromosomes in each cell and Nathan's brother has 47)
So jump in and learn to use your Copics!
Yes, you just read that right.
Elemental Styles 89 Actin-ium My Age:
And for Holden to be normal the Shoemakes need expert help.
* big attic/ high ceiling
These are the questions that I find myself struggling with on a daily basis.
1 factory
One each of the onesies I added a little Vintage Crochet Trim and cut the edges with a mini scallop punch from EK success - and of course had to add some liquid pearls to the edges as well :) Here is a picture of the Bracket Frame Die - as you can see on the onesie card (which is basically a wee bit smaller than an A2 card - this die is an awesome one for sentiments and images for cards - and it coordinates so beautifully with all the square images in this stamp set (which stamp as a block of color).
:: My sister Gill came to stay for a few days. In theory a 'crafting weekend' - in fact but we spent a lot of time talking, laughing, eating, drinking, walking....and knitting. But no crafting of the kind we'd intended. The playing-with-paper kind.
The day after Coldeale I headed to Leamington with Zoe for her final tune up before the London Marathon. Chris Penny had suggested racing the week before as a confidence boost and to get into the midset of running through a big crowd (he should know about preparation for marathons having done 2:17 in his prime) and when Zoe and I talked it over we thought it might be a good idea.
Although, I've always had a thing for Michael Jackson's dance moves. About 4 or 5 years ago I was completely obsessed with him! For that whole summer I was on YouTube watching every "Dance like Michael Jackson" tutorial that I could find...yes I was that person. Although by the end of that summer I was at least able to do a fairly decent moon walk without totally tripping over my feet and falling. haha
The BAE AGM seeks to give an image of the company that has nothing in common with reality. It is far removed from the streets of Bahrain, where peaceful demonstrators have been killed by a regime armed by BAE. It is very distant from Tanzania, where corruption led the government to buy BAE weapons they didn’t need, reducing funding to tackle poverty and provide healthcare. And it’s also several hundred miles south of Brough, where around 900 of BAE’s workers are facing redundancy as the company continues to find it more convenient to employ people overseas.
For the final installment of my initial project, I decided to make a vertical, single candle sconce with an antler attached to the bottom of the candle shelf. I also decided to challenge myself a little bit by making the top and bottom of the sconce rounded. I don’t own a protractor or any fancy tool to create the guideline for the rounded cut, so I got creative and used something I did have. I found a tin we had in the house that my wife had bought to put peanut brittle, toffee, or cookies in to either store or give away for Christmas. The diameter of the tin just happened to be almost exactly the same as the width of the wood I used for the sconce face, and I was able to trace half the circumference of the tin on the piece of board to make the guidelines for the top and bottom of the sconce. I used my trusty jigsaw to make the rounded cuts and then sanded the edges to be smooth and even. I ended up deciding to use sandpaper to round the bottom corners of the shelf as well to complement the rounded top and bottom of the sconce. For the rest of the sconce, I followed the same procedures as the previous 2 sconces. Here is a picture of the completed project.
They linger at Randi's band's performances, slinging glares around like Mardi Gras beads. They cancel her gigs, and accuse her band members of theft. Their weaselly tactics are getting under Randi's skin more than Kelvin, her sexy lead guitar player.
Some nuns in the 55,000-member Leadership Conference of Women Religious characterized the disciplinary action announced Wednesday as an “ambush,” but others — including the leadership — said they couldn’t publicly comment on a system that mandates their obedience.
I finished with a third and final coat of finish.
Fast-forward to 2011. I was approached by an editor about coming up with an idea for the Titanic. April 15, 2012 was the 100th Anniversary—would I like to submit a novel idea for consideration?
The Mich Lager did very well in the bottle. I notice it said it was "all malt" and I could tell it was not your basic pale lager, no rice and whatnot. I love the smoothness and slight sweetness. The bottle helps as well as it is custom made for gripping.
My kids are of an age where they think they know everything and their parents know…substantially less. Since hatching, I’ve managed to survive almost 50 years. I have lived and worked in many places and I have experienced and seen many things. I watch the news,read the papers, and know how many continents and seas there are on the planet. And still, my children, those lucky baby
As far as I can tell, the system’s memory is fine. I tell it to save a file in subfolder “STUFF” inside subfolder “BLOG” inside subfolder “DAVIS” inside subfolder “MY DOCUMENTS”, and it’s I who can’t remember where to find it, not the computer.
Together, Thomas M. Ray and Mary Adelaide Knight had nine more children between 1855 and 1876, their last son being born in the year of Thomas’ death.
I love how charming clotheslines look with blowing sheets hanging from it, in the back yard. The smell of fresh air! Maybe, one day I will own a clothesline of my own. I found this story online, about the history of clotheslines and what they told us. Its so neat to think that something as simple as a clothesline could tell us what a persons occupation was, about how many kids they had, what their status was, etc...
‘The first 28 hours of labour were spent at home. I thought if I go to the hospital at the last possible moment, the medical staff would have to give me a chance to deliver the baby naturally. As soon as we arrived at the hospital I was being prepared for CS, which was very discouraging and distressing. After a lot of discussions with the medical staff I was left alone to cope with this, as I wanted. Another twelve hours passed and I was still only few centimetres dilated. My baby was in distress — a CS was inevitable. After the birth we learned that the umbilical cord was wrapped twice around my baby’s neck: he didn’t have a choice in turning!’
YouTube and following along there until I can buy it on Wii
Zwolle.
I probably will read the next book though because I really liked the idea and the story and it could get better. If you're really into vampires you'll probably like this book more.
I have been doing the LID Challenge on the Cricut MB. I post a couple sketches every week or 2 and anyone can join in and do a layout by following the skteches. There is no commitment to do these and they certainly help get me motivated!
There, the rebels’ General William Alexander (aka Lord Stirling) led his heavily outnumbered Maryland soldiers against the British, delaying them from reaching the Heights, so that Washington and the rest of the troops could escape to Manhattan and live to fight another day.
Thu 24th May: 5pm-11pm (£3)
But there are prizes… and there are prices.
When the the Highborne were exiled, they eventually settled in the Eastern Kingdoms, in an area now known as Tirisfal Glades in the then-Human kingdom of Lordaeron. They settled there because they could sense the magic of the place, something the Highborne needed to feed their magical addiction since the destruction of their former source, the Well of Eternity. Soon after settling in Tirisfal, some of the Highborne slowly began to go mad, and those who yet retained their sanity realized the source of the Glade’s magical power was something truly evil. It is thought this evil magic is due to the presence of an Old God, imprisoned deep beneath Tirisfal.
Each syllable will be presented in its own posting.
Spring is springing all over the place--our little town is busy with tourists and so is my little studio--things are flowing all over the place...
We kept it simple on Friday night. Dinner at home, followed by some gardening lessons from Daddy. The hubs got Abby an adorable gardening kit from PBK and Abby enjoyed mixing the potting soil and planting her seeds. We've been checking every day for plant growth and this morning she was super excited to see a few sprouts!
Drinking On The Kinfolk’s Couch
brownie (mums famous recipe)
Are you guys excited for this? ^_^ Can’t wait to hear “Take The World On” by Will.I.Am and 2NE1 as well as the many surprises “Make Thumb Noise” project has in store for all of us.
If any other angel allowed people to address him as God, or claimed the works and covenants of God as his own, he would be blaspheming God and reveal himself to be a demon…
The last time that I ran this particular race was 2 years ago and it started at 8 a.m. I had not been training that long and Karen said, let's do a 4 mile race, I will run with you! I had not even ran more than 2 miles. I must have been crazy, and I pretty much was. We finished the race in 53 minutes. I have ran 6 miles faster than that since then! After that race, I said I would never run it again.....UNTIL NOW!!!
1/4 cup celery, chopped
Youngest LB and I salute you. xxxxxxx
Authors Giorgio de Santillana and Hertha von Dechend of (IMHO) one of the greatest compilations of world mythology, (Hamlet’s Mill 1969, 1977, 2002) call the Bible ‘that most unscientific of records.’
None of these things has come about without a huge amount of work, time, dedication and luck, but I appreciate every last bit of it.
The story in Double Impact for me honestly felt a little forced. I'm almost certain I have said this about other films I have reviewed here, but what this felt like was more a vehicle for double the Van Damme silliness and sweatiness, and Bolo showing off his giant moobs. It is void of twists or really any advanced storytelling... it's simply a revenge plot. The twist I suppose is that the people seeking revenge are twins. The way it is handled, though, doesn't seem to give Alex and Chad enough motive to track down these high-up criminals. Yes, their parents were killed, but the two of them did not know their parents at all. They are just now going on an old bald dude telling them they need to come get the shit that belongs to them.
Bliss Couture designer Amutey DeCuir is one of the designer who is on second life for a very long time. This week Draakje almost spanked me that i didnt blog Bliss before specialy since my wardrobe is full of the amazing designs by Amutey.It have been a long time since i was there so i brought my self a bag full of money and omgggg i went insane and noticed that i missed to much (so beware of more Bliss Couture the upcoming weeks haha).
From the lovingly detailed pirate ships to the cobbled streets of Victorian England, Aardman’s stop-motion animation renders a wholly convincing, endearing world whose scope and detail are enhanced by subtly used computer graphics, which beautifully complement the animator’s eight-inch high Plasticine models.
But that pattern was broken in my last tumble with love. It started out that way, but then I had a “wake the hell up” moment about 2 months into it and realized that I couldn’t repeat this same pattern again. The problem was, we had already established OUR patterns and my revelation played no part in the expectations she had for our relationship. So three years, several break ups and a whole lot of stress later, I stand alone. And honestly it’s the best place I have been in a long time.
is always trying to fly, really. To do something that's just
– Darius drafts a verse
Labour's Ian Mearns then intervened (and it's to be noted that Mr Stuart, unlike our observations of so many other politicians, gives way with generosity and good manners) in part to say:
Anything important or special you would like to add?
Heh heh heh.....Happy Halloween everyone!
then the Building Regulations will probably apply. This means that the works themselves must meet the relevant technical requirements in Schedule 1 and they must not make other fabric, services and fittings less compliant than they previously were – or dangerous. For example, the provision of replacement double-glazing must not worsen compliance in relation to: means of escape; air supply for combustion appliances and their flues; and ventilation for health. They may also apply to:
On their way too are some new stamps and papers by the fabulous Wild Rose Studio;
This week has been a very strange one. No, not really.
Tricia Goyer is the author of twenty-six books including Beside Still Waters, The Swiss Courier, and the mommy memoir, Blue Like Play Dough. She won Historical Novel of the Year in 2005 and 2006 from ACFW, and was honored with the Writer of the Year award from Mt. Hermon Writer's Conference in 2003. Tricia's book Life Interrupted was a finalist for the Gold Medallion in 2005. In addition to her novels, Tricia writes non-fiction books and magazine articles for publications like MomSense and Thriving Family. Tricia is a regular speaker at conventions and conferences, and has been a workshop presenter at the MOPS (Mothers of Preschoolers) International Conventions. She and her family make their home in Little Rock, Arkansas where they are part of the ministry of FamilyLife. www.triciagoyer.com
I personally like the Transformer home in Poland, the others are too flashy for my view. I am a fledgling prepper, I believe in the survive in place theory. Whereas some have the bug out bag and bolt for the hills, I disagree because you will then be a refugee depending on others to survive. If you have a bugout location already prepped, then you are doing good. In the event of a great socioeconomic upheaval, plastic will be worthless and cash may be devalued. You may have to barter and some communities will not like strangers. Unless circumstance force you to leave, you are better off staying at home and working on your preparation at home because that is where all your stuff is.
A doorman in top hat and tails invited us into the hotel lobby. Inside we were directed to the coat check. (Yes, Mom, I made sure to scope out the bathroom. Very pretty! With a pile of freshly laundered, rolled hand towels to dry your hands.)
This spring, fashion is all about creating a fabulous look with a POP of COLOR!
-stiff clothesline to Hatton.
I'll be turning into a beer geek if this carries on.
Tights: Owlie Gym Tights- Pull Shapes (Free Marketplace)
that he promised
The ant species examined in this study is a relatively long-lived species, indicating a low mortality rate among individuals. The high density of individuals in an insect colony means that the risk due to infection is high, but that significant defenses against infection need to be present. The researchers found that the percentage of Ophiocordyceps infected ant corpses was significantly lower than the total number of ant corpses in graveyard sites near the ant colonies. However, many corpses were hyperparasitized by other fungal species, a situation which appeared to prevent the colonization by the “zombie” fungus Ophiocordyceps.
Carnival Cruise Lines, “The Fun Ship”, will not be outdone. Carnival offers shipboard or “On Island” wedding packages, as well as Romance Packages for a memorable honeymoon. Like Norwegian, Carnival’s package provides the officiant, location selection, music, sparkling wine with keepsake champagne flutes, cake with keepsake cake topper, and photography service. I’ll help you coordinate your wedding with Carnival’s wedding coordinator.
The argument that cannabis is safer than alcohol seems to be a very hazy one
She got up on the third try and from then on there was no looking back.
Sarah
After reading some more, I found that according to the FDA, "real" vanilla extract takes 6 beans per cup of alcohol. So, I ordered some more vanilla beans. I got 16 for $10.07 at Amazon. Here is the link for anyone that wants it:
If I were driven, however, I’d be upset about wasting an entire blog post on Josh Groban. After all, there’s only so much time in a dog’s short life, and I should not be wasting a single second! A driven dog would be highly concerned about the sidetrip, the loss of productivity, the threat of further distraction.
juice of 3 limes
I could see a few things that were slow to learn but helped me mature
Cardstock: SU - Close to Cocoa; PTI - Rustic Cream
My best friend called me today. She lives up in San Fransisco. She is the one I went to Ireland with. Her husband called it quits on their marriage about a month after we got home. She just found out from her son that he proposed to another woman in Hawaii. She didn’t even know he was dating. He asked his son not to tell her even though the son had met her family and gone on trips together. Blindsided would be an appropriate word I think. But I’m proud of her too. For us. For making it this far.
* Went to a UVU Basketball game with Linda, Shanine, and Michele
Come on!! Shahidan is a Supreme Council member of a party that boasts over 3 million members, and all he can muster is 151 Likes?!
i bridge a puddle as evidence - i am freedom.
Perhaps a babygrand.
When God rescues you, you must carry my body with you from this place.” (Exodus 13:19)
Papers: Stampin Up; Orange Stars - Makin Memories Just Chillin' collection
We found this sign to be placed in a rather unfortunate spot.
box filled with photos and glassware.
This bag was $4. I think that's a score no matter what name is stamped on it.
* When it comes to deciding which items to mark, the answer is "up to you". Think about what you value most and what might be attractive to thieves. The truth is almost anything can be a target for theft, so why not mark everything?
you think of something clever
Overall the movie is an enjoyable romp, and I liked it far more than the first one. Fans of the first movie should enjoy this; even new comers should be able to pick things up quick as it does offer a good adventure during this time of year. But it never becomes a classic thanks to its writing, but then again popcorn movies can be a great piece of escapism.
or the wrinkled body of the log,
So an hour and a half after arriving at the store, I left feeling very content and very anxious for my PF to subside so I could hit the road! So glad I stopped at Big Peach and reached out to the folks who work there!
Please comment and share this or any of my other posts ^_^
My Best Friend’s Wedding (Ronald Bass)
No one answered, so he shouted it again, and again.
Earl’s Court in London was once again taken over by gamers as the hugely popular Eurogamer Expo hit town.
Only now paranormals are dying, and Evie’s dreams are filled with haunting voices and mysterious prophecies. She soon realizes that there may be a link between her abilities and the sudden rash of deaths. Not only that, but she may very well be at the center of a dark faerie prophecy promising destruction to all paranormal creatures.
I’ll be back as soon as I can.
She's looking for young adult and middle grade fiction that's inventive, well-crafted, and rich with emotion, whether contemporary, historical, fantasy, sf, thriller, romance, or mystery. Her favorite books have characters she wish she could talk to in worlds she wish she could visit, and she loves stories that grab hold of her and keep her up reading long into the night.
Here's an example of dark on dark not working- the lace relies on being transparent to show it's beauty, and the dark book board underneath isn't showing us that. Below is the solution- a scrap of light paper has been placed under the lace, allowing the linework to show through. If you want to keep a dramatic look to the image, allow as little of the light page in the frame as you can. Here the layers of darker opulent textures and pattern keep the image feeling rich.
● Colombia: Politicized justice, judicialized politics
What is one food you would never eat?
in Brooklyn, although at the time I don’t think they had
14. realized that my hair is turning the jet of all jet-blacks and getting even thicker than before. it's now a wild jungle mane
You can create any project as long as it is made during the month of May 2012. Entry is by the Inlinkz link below and closes at 23:59 GMT 31st May 2012. Entry is limited to 3 projects per person.
He gets it now. Now that he sees me with Hardscape, he gets it and from there he understands that there is someone out there meant for him and it isn’t me. He gets that neither of us are truly the others “one that got away.” We were just a string of events for our lives and a relationship to grow from. I don’t feel a loss by not being with him because I feel complete with Hardscape. (Cue Jerry McGuire phrase)
with this award i need to post seven random things about myself. and i don't know if i ever posted these before but here it goes.
The DVD is short and may leave you wondering why they made it other than that they could, but it also shows the timelessness of the songs and that they can inspire in many different scenerios.
And for me, life matters.
I really never write about any pressing issues or current events because this is not that kind of blog.
Pour the olive oil into a small bowl and add the ancho chile powder, oregano, cumin, chopped cilantro, salt, pepper and jalapeño. Mix well. Place the fish on a dish and pour the marinade over it, making sure to coat the fish well on both sides. Allow to marinate for 20 minutes. (I put it in a Ziploc bag to marinate)
Horns are honking, I've about had it
He didn’t want the kids to get in trouble but wanted a report, expressing concerns the 15-year-old’s father was involved.
Above ground, Amy, Doctor, and Canton hear the little girl yelling for help and rush towards her voice–but something’s wrong with Amy (oh noes!) and she HAS to tell the Doctor that she’s pregnant. She does it in such a way that we’re convinced it’s his, even though she doesn’t say it out right. Canton’s knocked out. An astronaut approaches, Amy goes for Canton’s gun, the astronaut raises her visor to show she’s the little girl, and BANG! Amy shoots her.
It is great to see that such a tight group of friends like this have all stuck together and still find time to all remember where they came from and jam. Trust me people, this scene is rare and should be appreciated much more.
Courage
Since I've got slightly more free time, I'm the one trying to catch up with laundry, dishes, dog puke on the carpet (NB: Empire rice stains worse than red wine), general housework, garden, yard, blah blah blah. And I don't know when this merry-go-round is going to slow down.
John Boner and Eric Cantor have been talking big about cutting the defense budget, but plenty of members of their own caucus don't like the idea. At. All. Sez Rep. Howard McKeon of California:
Immerse the senses in an overdose of summer-time triggers; of colours and fragrances and flavours and birdsongs and sensations.
“What is today?”
The list is also posted on my sidebar that will stay up all year long. I will highlight it and add a link when I have that project completed.
4. A list of common items in the following food groups: Breads – Cereals/Grains – Starchy Vegetables – Fruit – Vegetables – Meat and Fats will be provided with proper portion sizes. This follows the American Diabetes Association Guidelines.
Skepticism is healthy and healing. It can lead us to questions that move us forward. Cynicism is not. There are a lot of well-meaning people in our community right now who think they are being skeptics, but they are crossing the line into cynicism… throwing wrenches into the machinery that is already moving in the right direction toward detoxification. Our kids do not have time for us to waste our energy on throwing stones and wrenches.
1 lb. ground chuck roast shaped into the letter D
Next, what is it about advertisers that makes them think all grandmothers are wholesome Mrs. Doubtfire characters who spend their entire lives puttering around a fragrant, steam-filled kitchen making stews and pies for her adoring grandchildren? The only food my grandmother ever made for me were salami sandwiches,and that was only if she could stop complaining about blacks and Puerto Ricans long enough to find the bread. In commercial land, once you hit 60, all women feel an uncontrollable urge to roast an endless series of turkeys with those little white chef-hat things on the drumsticks. In reality, they feel an uncontrollable urge to drink boxed wine and gripe about unions.
PS- I didn’t forget part of my promise in the last post!! Having finished Pride and Prejudice, now on my Kindle I am reading “The Eye of the World”. A high fantasy novel, the first in the Wheel of Time series.
The gym is not for me…I will be staying home and cleaning, washing, scrubbing and vacuuming my way to a more built, less flabby middle-aged maternal specimen. At least this way I may fall doing all of the above but I can easily avoid a diabolical machine firing my phone and equipment right into my face and therefore might be able to retain my teeth until retirement. Housework as a means of achieving physical fitness is most underrated!
Who would I be without you lovely people who offer so much input to my blog?
It seems that this year I have really come into my own. I have truly stood up for myself and the things that I believe in and as a result have once again let people go from my life or have improved relationships with others. Doesn't that seem odd as a 39 year old mom of 3 I am just now coming into my own? I have finally had the courage to speak publicly about my sister. I think my biggest fear dates back to 15 years ago when my parents and I went to a Compassionate Friends convention and I was asked to read a poem I had written for my sister to everyone at the convention. I pretty much cried thru the entire poem. My emotions were very raw as it had only been 5 years since Meg had died. My fear with speaking was that I did not want people to see a weak side of me. But, I have realized that is what makes my experience so real and maybe something that some people can't handle or don't want to be a part of.
Attorney Application Forms
BSS w/Kb Rack position
The program is 4-5 weeks, BUT because of where Ethan is we are already anticipating the full 5 weeks. After the program ends, Ethan and I are planning on driving down to Houston to spend some time with one of my besties and her family.
Slowly starts sucking my dick
“But we will try to keep our losses to minimum. We will not take our sons with us. I think the Lords are interested only in the two of us. If we go, they will be spared. Also we want to leave our gear in the middle world for our sons in our memory”, continued One Hunahpu.
When they had seen him, they went out and spread the word concerning what had been told them about this boy. And all who heard it were amazed and filled with hope, love and joy. Mary the mother of the baby Jesus treasured the words in her heart as she glorified God as to why he chose her from the start.
(I would also argue that women have their own art for attracting men that is rather impressive but I won’t go into that right now).
That’s a lot to ask of parents: 24 hour surveillance, for – well, I guess the new standard is 19 years.
That was really vital when it came to this recipe because it was soooo good, it was really hard to stop at just one or two. My favorite foods have always been appetizers. In fact, if it were up to me, at the end of dinner, instead of a dessert menu, I would be handed back the appetizer menu. Who wants ice cream or cake if I can have wings or jalapeno poppers?
Time is very precious and right now I just
25 National Stadium Dublin, Ireland
We should note the different political unit of Jiangnan and Britain in our comparison. Jiangnan was one region in China and was bound to be affected by market dynamics, labor mobility, demographic change and other factors in the rest of China. Pomeranz argues that the socioeconomic crisis outside the delta had nonetheless affected the delta powerfully (Pomeranz, 2002).
Labour supporters all over the country are celebrating their return to winning ways and non more so that the ever increasingly annoying paper the Guardian such as in this article but the reality is more that they won so convincingly because our voters just didn’t turn up. In many areas the number of people voting for Labour decreased but at a lower number than those voting Lib Dem, allowing the Labour candidate to claim victory.
Skills: Climb-d6, Fighting-d8, Notice-d6, Stealth-d6, Psionics-d8
MYTH: There is nothing bad about spanking your child.
positive side is, I will have more time to work on my
They say that a picture is worth a thousand words. Well if those words are delivered by an actor in a porno flick, I'm not interested in hearing them anyway. And for me, films are all about the plot. Even skin films. Why should I care about the perils of some arse come to fix the plumbing or the tribulations of a horny pizza delivery man? Plot is everything, and it always sucks (no pun intended) in fuck films. To be fair, it's not just porn, I can't watch Avatar either.
brands such as
The Pest and the Furious
That fall as we crowded into the seminar rooms of the writers' workshop, our fiction teachers championed two themes regarding our stories: the avarice of puerile prose and the requisite pearl of literary verisimilitude.
So to celebrate the end of the football season (and the start of the cricket season!) the theme for this challenge is:
I had another dream on Thursday which was pretty odd. I was in detention due to beating up the autist from that other dream and there were other autists in detention who I had nothing in common with. These autists started insulting me by saying that I was scrawny, looked like a girl, and something else about my pOnOs. I don't remember if any of these insults bothered me though. I'm scrawny but I don't give too much of a feel about that, I don't think I look like a girl now that I'm older, and my pOnOS is objectively splendid (size-wise it's average).
Bridge Over Troubled Water is also an awesome album! These great songs are on that one:The Boxeryoutube.com/watch?v=HdP3nZMZQbsEl Condor Pasayoutube.com/watch?v=WuG35TbrtbwBridge Over Troubled Wateryoutube.com/watch?v=DSy9Jb9QmsQ
I feel really annoyed with myself, because I had gotten into the routine of doing these posts on a Friday morning! My stats have reminded me not to neglect this beloved blog!
20. The joy of winning.
He never said he couldn't do what he proposed. In fact, he got a state override of zoning that would allow a the buildout his firm calculated was necessary to deliver profits.
If you upload to SCS, please use the keyword BBB09. You have until April 30th to enter. As we unveil our challenge for next month, we’ll share our True Beauties – those card makers who wowed us with this challenge! Winners will be featured on the Flourishes Blog and will receive a True Beauty blog button to display proudly on their blog!
It concerns a 43-year-old divorcee called Jenny Fizgerald, who in spite of her name is a sultry, olive-skinned Latina (see picture). Believing that her flat backside was discouraging potential suitors, Jenny forked out 10,000 dollars for buttock-reshaping surgery, which gave her a delectably peachy rump, very ripe for the plucking (see picture). Shortly afterwards, she got engaged to a 42-year-old hombre called Carlos, who has the face of a compulsive booty-ogler.
There were two routes to where I am now: one on a nice big wide and quite straight road, the other on a not so nice narrower and bendier mountain road. I chose the latter. And everytime I could see snow on the mountains in the distance. Very pretty, but I didn't really want to stop for photos. I was sure I would see them some more. Boy was I right in that! As I took my last turning to my 'hotel', the road went up again. And up some more and more and more! And it started snowing a little and then a bit more. It stayed on the road a little which was not that much fun. But, then it cleared a little as well and all of a sudden I saw where I was supposed to stay for the rest of this week: on the top of a snow-capped mountain. Not in a hotel (there weren't any left in my price range), but in a cabin for four people! Of course I knew that in advance, so don't worry too much. And no, I am not sharing the cabin with anyone. It's just for myself!
So for the next 6 weeks (hopefully not extended to 8) I am sporting this lovely fashion statement.
Sir Mark Walport
Some tips I found about perms while researching;
It's an urban myth that Eskimos have a hundred words for snow. Apparently they have no more than we do but they're in compound form like 'wetsnow', drysnow', slushysnow'.
And so on my most favorite day of the entire year -
The history of persecution is a history of endeavors to cheat nature, to make water run up hill, to twist a rope of sand. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Hegel says somewhere that all great historic facts and personages occur twice, so to speak. He forgot to add: “Once as tragedy, and again as farce.”
So this is one of the many things I've been working on. I've also been writing knitting patterns, which is NEW! I got tired of trying to find patterns for things I want to make, and then getting frustrated with the ones I could find, so I've just started making my own.
We often hear how the Middle East’s failing economies have left many men unable to marry, and some even use that to explain rising levels of sexual harassment on the streets. In a 2008 survey by the Egyptian Center for Women’s Rights, more than 80 percent of Egyptian women said they’d experienced sexual harassment and more than 60 percent of men admitted to harassing women. Yet we never hear how a later marriage age affects women. Do women have sex drives or not? Apparently, the Arab jury is still out on the basics of human biology.
Around a hundred yards from where Sonny Bono bought it by slamming into a tree.
August 26, 2006 Clip No. 1249
“You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.”
Good to hear from you as always, ACC. Gotta say, that really is pretty sick, not to mention pretty surprising, considering how old Antlers McBeardyface likes to play himself up as like Grand Master Nature Boy Ultra. I mean, listen, I’m not going to lie to you. It’s no secret that I’m not above a little tough love when it comes to Horde mounts, for purposes of promoting discipline and the kind of toughness that the military life calls for. But I can also tell you, in no uncertain terms, every one of our worgs, kodos, wyverns, whatever, gets three squares a day, plenty of water, and at least enough room to stretch its legs and move around some. Not to mention that when they finally come up for retirement, they get an enormous feast before we slice them up into chops.
wash away our ignorance
sea.
Well i guess you all thought i had disappeared off the face of the earth ???, well i did nearly - as soon as my knee was better and i was able to drive again, in that first week i was so busy, then i got a cold and cough, which lasted for almost 2 weeks and finished just in time for me to fly to Barbados to pick up a ship and cruise round the Caribbean (visiting Antigua, St Maarten, St Lucia, Dominica, Curaco, Bonaire and Jamaica) for 2 weeks, we got back the 18th and then it was into a crazy week doing all the Santa visiting things !!!, but now i'm back, yipee. So now you know why you all got your cards early !! and thank you for mine.
Robert Anderson,
Next week, I'm going to use a swaging tool to fix a window frame, and it was my own idea. I didn't even check with Mick or Adam. I'm growing up!
Furthermore, it helps us to see God’s hand in trials and circumstances.
Speak a truth that none here may understand nor answer
(I have to laugh. "Forced, like a Hessian from thy native home?" )
Yeah – she brought home five the other day . . . wait a sec . . .I thought.
This cake is lite and the Icing melts in your mouth.
Oh and have to tell you the photos are not my standard best as I was taking the pics with my iPhone.
Finally, I would like to distill the the total list down to what is essential. It is tough because each investment we make in our homesteads makes them more efficient. But if I were to start with a foundation I would suggest a good water bath canner and canning jars. Some chickens and a chicken coop. Extra shelves for food storage. Good gardening tools and an investment on edible perennials. If this were the year that you really wanted to take this task at hand then the must have book is the Encyclopedia of Country Living. After this it is all cream....oh...speaking of which...little cooler for yogurt! Just mad a batch and hmmm good!
It wasn’t easy taking a day off. It wasn’t easy sitting around doing nothing when I knew my friends were out there on the trails on the best day of the year so far. It wasn’t easy to skip a day, but it helped to know another run would come along soon. My goal is more or less intact and that’s what really counts … it’s just so hard to stay focused on the long term when the short term is getting shredded.
The combined charging system integrates one-phase AC-charging, fast three-phase AC-charging, DC-charging at home and ultra-fast DC-charging at public stations into one vehicle inlet. This will allow customers to charge at most existing charging stations regardless of power source and may speed more affordable adoption of a standardized infrastructure.
“I didn’t,” I groaned and reached for my journal.
a perfect ritual they have devised.
No, not the big purple dinosaur. Barney was a cat. When he dies his family plans to have a funeral for him and remember all the good things about him. The little boy can think of nine things but not a tenth...and then, the day of the funeral, the tenth thing becomes clear. This is a great tale for anyone who has ever loved and lost a pet. The other is we is well-known for writing Alexander and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day. This book, though lesser known, is just as good.
1. Kensington and Borough Park
Privacy advocates on Monday sharply criticized a U.S. government plan to make it easier for police and spy agencies to eavesdrop on Internet communications.
I will confess that if I were confined to a desert island with only five beers to drink the rest of my life, Saison Dupont would be one. So for that reason, you'll have to forgive me for the effusive review.
Remind them of another pervasive childhood lesson: the Golden Rule.
Top 2nd: Minnesota
PSYC 211 - Research Methods & Statistics
Having no Irish connections that she knows of, she cannot explain why this “draw” to mark and carry on his name has taken such a hold. But her journeys to Ireland have created friendships that carry the history of the Cork man who died 89 years ago.
7. Is envious of others or believes that others are envious of him.
The first work is listed in verse 11: "With justice he judges and makes war" (Rev 19:11). In Revelation 16, the Lord God Almighty is praised two times for doing this very thing (Rev 16:5,7).
I think a new group.. “I hate FaceBooks profile linking policy” is in order…
I can't realistically expect that the state will repeal the Johnstown Flood Tax and leave us with no excise tax on liquor and wine at all. What I would like to see is something more in line with other states. Something like this:
Melt the butter in a small saucepan on medium-low heat, then add the lemon juice and stir to combine. Stir a couple tablespoons of the hot liquid into the yolk & sugar mixture to temper it, then add the yolks & sugar to the saucepan. Whisk constantly until the mixture just reaches a boil (~10 minutes or so, depending on how hot your stove runs), at which point the lemon curd will thicken sort of drastically and separate a bit, turning a brighter yellow underneath a layer of cream/foam.
Saturday, and the second workshop. More great work, interesting exercises – including a science based ‘word cricket’ which had me scribbling like crazy... Then the prize-giving bubbly reception, lunch and award ceremony, watching the winners and runners up receiving their prizes from the judges. Smashing to see Euan Thorneycroft from A M Heath, the London lit agency who read all the finalists’ work (and my agent...proof if such was needed that The Bridport Prize really does change lives). Smashing to see friend and colleague Peggy Riley collecting her runner-up prize, and smashing to hear many of the winners reading their poems, flashes, and snippets of stories.
This clause indicates why the licensee wishes to obtain rights to the subject technology. When applicable, it also indicates the patent, patent applications, know-how, trade marks and / or copyrights the licensee owns in the field of the licensed technology. It is also appropriate to include any other pertinent information relating to or affecting the licence is being taken to resolve an infringement or some other dispute, mention of such situations helps to preclude future misunderstandings.
Some research into the peculiarities and principles on which hinge the production of best Irish stouts and porters seems a desirable thing. It is just possible that one of the secrets of production of our own light ales of the future may be bound up with the art of blending. But that appears so remote that it won't lift us of this generation out of the lethargy of passionate conservatism. It is also just possible that the art of "worting," if scientifically investigated, might be applied to light ales with the same success as it has been applied to Irish black beers. Both these ideas may be far-fetched. In any case there is nothing impossible to true Science, and its innermost meaning is to account for everything and neglect no possibilities."
Wanted to say thanks for all your lovely comments and hello to the new followers. So thanks and hello! It's nice to know someone is actually reading this load of waffle.
-Damage
As I was thinking about how to update our blog tonight, I kept thinking back to a conversation I had with Derek last night...totally unrelated to our blog...yes my mind is crazy like that. We were talking about how much we love our children and how we sometimes look at them in awe that they are ours. We also talked about how life can be stressful with children, especially multiple children, and how many people in society view children as a burden, not a joy...even to the point of illustrating them as a burden in birth control commercials. I will be the first to admit, being a parent is the hardest thing I have ever done! It is also the most amazing and selfless thing God has allowed me to experience and struggle through. It truly is a JOY to be able to hug and kiss and teach and console and correct and care for my children every single day. And some days I get it really right and most days I am on my face begging the Lord and my children for forgiveness and grace!
Presto! You have a very cute little duck.
so i’ve been trying to be really good and bring my lunch in every day instead of spending a kajillion dollars on sammiches (as delicious as they are, i am trying to have money for when i FINGERS CROSSED go to graduate school and am officially poor).
Much prayer = much power!"
Working in the back side of the foundation chain, Sc across until you get to the tail you dropped before.
How far along: 33 weeks
In other baby news, my friend Laura (who I met on my mission trip to Daytona in 2005 and yes we are still friends!) just had her baby yesterday. She lives in Florida but we've kept up during our pregnancies since she was due about 3 weeks before me. That's been fun.
An alternative thought, probably deserving of its own separate post, is this: consider on A theory that every single moment may be a logically possible world (see Pruss here)- that would entail that God could simply destroy the possible world at which sin is instantiated, and re-create the moment over and over again until no sin obtains. If this argument runs through, then it is plausibly a good argument against the A theory of time. If it doesn’t run through, then one must ask why. Obviously Craig’s model of God in time satisfies a strong view of omniscience such that God knows future propositions and even counter-factuals. Thus, why not adopt such a process? Just a thought worthy of thought.
Who's Warren Blumenfeld? He's an Associate Professor, Department of Curriculum and Instruction, Iowa State University.
The couples get their thrills,
I forgot to mention that I had agreed to judge Christmas lights in our neighborhood for our HOA contest that night. For some reason, the Captain decided he should not drink because something something the only sober person in the house blah blah blah a bunch of drunk asses.
“Roberts is dead. The Flying Hare went down in that typhoon with all hands on deck, remember? Dead men hold no grudges, Janus van Koonns. I can’t fault him for that grudge, though. You argued hard, and then worked us all to the bone to fulfill terms when it turned out that they’d snuck a few extra legalities in there without us realizing it. We flew from here to the Americas more than once to earn that pay out, and I truly wish Roberts had gotten that duty instead.”
Town hall chiefs are paying an ­estimated £10,000 to have the Islamic bigot’s council home underpinned.
Items will be shipped via registered airmail postage with tracking no.
... because we do it, too, don't we? Even as grown-ups, even when we know in our heads that the people we idolize (whether they be sports figures, actors, musicians, authors, etc) are really just normal people, there is something that dies in us just a little bit when we're faced with their very real humanity. We want them to be "more than," we want them to be worth the devotion we give them. And when we find out that maybe they're not, when they lose some of our respect, it's sad and it's hard and it's disappointing.
L is for La Escocesa!
Chinese food or Italian food? Italian. I don’t really like Chinese food. Thai food, on the other hand…
A press release from Great George Street tells me:
OK, so now the trade-off...
Hahahaha... Lame, right but I do like the scent of it... that will be my only plus point to it.
Cardstock from Colorbok is 4x9"
The also can have the calm presence to just encourage us forward, slowly, quietly and subtly. Giving us a gentle hand on our shoulder to let us know we can do it, that life doesn’t always require us to fight with a roar, but maybe to just have the courage to continue on again tomorrow.
We've just moved into a new place, complete with a new jewelry area! YAY! It will be some time before I get everything organized again to start making new pieces for 2011, but in the meantime, I stole this from Living Life as a Newlywed, my awesome soon-to-be-a-mom niece!
There is excellence all around you. You need only be aware to stop and savor it. –Gusteau (Ratatouille)
Now, I realize this may be far-fetched and there are a lot of assumptions in my argument, but I believe that securing the core user base (business users) needs to be at the heart of RIM’s short-term plans. They need to find ways to get BlackBerry back on top in the corporate world and offering BBM on other platforms may be the trick. I know BBM may be one thing that is keeping a lot of BlackBerry users on board and by offering it to other platforms may lead to a greater decrease in actual BlackBerry users, but this version of BBM would only be for enterprise users using Mobile Fusion (promotes Mobile Fusion) and it would be stripped down (to not include some features that regular consumers would still love to have).
I have a home, it has wheels.
During my last piano lesson we discussed the alterations introduced to My Favourite Things. Steven was very appreciative of the hard work we put into the tune and liked our creative approach. We were also given some good tips on how to approach both tunes. We agreed on analysing a recording of the bass line for My Favourite Things during the next class.
In almost all cases, my fundamental consideration for selecting a particular beer is whether it is available on an everyday basis from its wholesaler, year-round. I’m finished with vainly and forlornly hoping that a just-in-time, special order system can be achieved in beer, in Indiana. Making the everyday bottled beer list as consistently available as possible is the prime goal.
so when i go down the shore - and huge strip malls are built - these damn ugly houses that all look the same - drives me bananas - and i put partial blame on the people who buy these homes - having no respect for the environment and what they are doing to harm nature! - true home-wreckers if you ask me!
A) If the age groups had been 5 year groupings like they usually are, I would have had first place.
So this is my wish for you. Be who you are. Live freely. Love freely. Write... freely. I am dying to read your great American novel. You still have so much to give. And I know you... you will give it. It is who you are.
Fret the deadlines.
But she did not tell me what to do when your faith dissolve away,
“OK, like potatoes and chicken – you can have that later. Not for lunch.”
The murders of those who resisted the oppression of Muslim Rule.
I give it 8/10.
Even if I needed a clap, I guess I have to use both of my hands instead.
This time last year, do all of you remember?? everything changed, such a nightmare. While I was in a lot pain seeing JYJ suffered all kind of injustice and unfairness on the world, I heard TV2Q comeback news. That time, while I still loved all 5 of them, i didnt know I should be happy or upset with this news. i kept repeating for myself, YH&CM are also deserved to comeback, to stand on grand stages again, because they had no fault to be doomed. This was alright if… IF they didn’t comeback with the name TVXQ. For a fan, it was so hard for me to accept the fact that tvxq is 2 member, or tvxq is something belong to that sh*t-SM. My faith was losing slowly…
So why do I even bother with these websites? Simple. I like staring at the pictures (hahaha), and there are some great guys out there who make for great conversation. And I guess deep down in the back of my mind, there’s always that what if feeling. What if the next guy I meet on here is the one..?
Not being pregnant is a blessing in many ways while living here in Europe. I know so many parents who wish they could just go to Paris one weekend but can't because they have kids. It also gives me an opportunity to finish my bachelors degree quickly. I also can't imagine not having anyone from my family or Cameron's family here to help me out after the baby would arrive.
I read over a lot of these things when I feel like i’m the only person in the world going through something and although they don’t necessarily make my situation hurt any less, they kinda stop it hurting any MORE – so what if it’s temporary.
Bâri′, Barry, Barack ….. Now, who is who, and what is what? “Barack Obama”, we all know. “Barry Soetoro”, ditto. But what do we know of Bâri′ M. Shabazz?
To start, let me quote Flux, the YA imprint of Lywellyn’s tagline: “Where young adult is a point of view, not a reading level.”
Asked about his son’s apparent romance at a news conference during this year’s parliament meeting, Bo Xilai replied, enigmatically, “I think the business of the third generation—aren’t we talking about democracy now?”
By no means is this process easy, but if we can understand what is occurring and be open to the healing that is unfolding, without resisting what is painfully clear, we can move into a new space of being.
78. When yuh deh in bad luck wet paper self ah cut yuh. A spell of misfortune causes our whole outlook to be bleak. The smallest incident can cause us to feel hurt.
The downside? I have to design the cover and interior, do all the editing and all the marketing. At least I don't have to share the wealth. What little there is.
If the CJEU follows the AG’s Opinion, those creating as well as exploiting data such as fixture lists, TV listings and telephone directives will have little left in the way of rights over such data. They will need to look to the potential for the individual items of data to have copyright protection in themselves, rather than to gain protection by virtue of being in a database. In this case, the AG concluded that there was no copyright in each fixture, as the parties had
Shortly, Roberts Cove will have its Germanfest; Arnaudville will have an Oktoberfest, and New Iberia a Gumbo cook-off.
I'm back in the shed today still sorting but I have found some gems out and Id best get a wriggle on as its almost ready for tea
then we met her dad for dinner,
The on affordable prices make the Cyberspace in the direction of resources for a belongings in him or her.
I have an addiction. And usually, the first step, is admitting it.
refreshed and free.
Ornaments
Bunch’s wife has gained the Republican Party endorsement. The Kentucky Democratic Party has said that due to the reason for the election they will not put up a candidate against her.
12.
MY PICK: SANTINO MARELLA!!!!!!!!!
(1907–1908).
To remember is to relive. To remember is to feel the shock, fear and pain all over again. For those of us who live and/or work in New York City remembering is quite a different thing than it is for those who were not directly impacted by the events of the day. It is not part of history, it is our lives. It is our personal loss.
And if we need to construct a concrete bridge, we can always hire a guy.
JUSTICE SCALIA: So, you're contradicting Cardozo?
Para 14.37 states – “…the appearance of Mr. Calder Hart’s fax number on the notepaper, which was no doubt hurriedly printed by CH Development, remains unexplained…”
4. Ornette Coleman - Voice Poetry
No...
To me, the excitement I feel as a fan comes from being in union with the hundreds of people around me, all watching and cheering on our team to victory. I understand that stadium music and jumbotron videos are part of the stadium atmosphere and that’s fine, but I don’t think standing up with everyone in my section, throwing my arms in the air and yelling out “woooo!” as if I am on a roller coaster will make me feel more connected to the game.
“Well, mother, I think you’ve done very well, considering everything,” Veda says, hatefully. Gee, thanks.
Now.... if you want to make a fun birthday card, then think of making a simple folding card - but then colour choices and embellishments will help to define your card and then the 'whole' card really delivers!
Just seems wrong. Can any of my Virginia friends(or anyone else) shed some light for me?
outside it was! thankful for the breeze & shade!
Hitchens has criticized Buddhists for their wrong doings against the teachings of Buddha. So the Buddhists are to be blamed not the Buddha.
Anyways, Kura Hulanda is in the Otrobanda neighborhood, meaning “other side”. Simply it is the other side of Santa Anna Bay. It is a sizable neighborhood, very colorful and bursting with fantastic Dutch architecture. It has apparently always been seen as the poorer part of the city, but in recent years a good bit of restoration has occurred. From our observation, parts are in perfect repair while others are probably best avoided. Often there will be a gorgeous home next to one that is abandoned or collapsing….
well as
It had been many years since I had been in a place like that. A few of the machines looked familiar, but I was certainly out of my element. The men (and a couple of women) were very serious about working out and were in amazing shape. Dean, the guy who had invited me, benched 490 pounds that day. One other guy there did even more. The messages on some of their shirts advertised the intensity of their commitment. One of my favorites read: “No, I’m not on steroids . . . but thanks for asking.”
I went to Sam's. I couldn't find a muffin tin at Wally World. Not one. But Sam's has excellent kitchen supplies so I head on over. Um, no. I thought I would see what was going on in the pet supply section, and an older gentleman was struggling with his large bag of cat litter. I offered to help him and he did not say anything. He just turned his back away from me. Seriously? So I get some dog food. No muffin tins at Sam's either. I grabbed some Jim and headed to the check out. Realized I didn't feel like dealing with doog food and abandoned cart #2. I chose a line where the girl wasn't old enough to check out booze, so I had to wait for her manager. Which was fine. But by this time I'm a little worn down and while we were waiting I got the absolute most persistent badgering to upgrade my membership and apply for a credit card ever. Heaven help me, just let me get to the parking lot.
“Miss Hetherstall! Stop daydreaming, the Amerrit report is due by close today!”
Not only does this confirm that the Syrian rebels have resorted to indiscriminate terrorist tactics, but reveals again that government claims that an explosion in the city of Hama that killed 70, devastating much of a city block, was in fact a mishap at a rebel bomb-making facility. BBC amazingly attempted to peddle the opposition’s explanation, claiming the Syrian government possibly fired a “SCUD missile” at the city.
Fernando Botero
On Wednesday I shared the first two pillow tops that I completed over the last week for our living room, using Sweetwater Reunion. These have been so much fun to make. They're small, so pretty quick, and I've been trying to pick out block designs that I don't normally do. Well, call me over-eager, but #3 and #4 are finished now too:
Maybe they need an organisation based on the gay rights movement which encourages them to take pride in their noses. I would volunteer to help with the publicity if they allowed me to tweak a few beaky ones.
(Professor Rashib points his cane to the blank sheets of paper. The sisters take one each and resumed writing.)
(I’m not implying that these were typical of the crowd, by the way - there were the usual quota of fat blokes with their shirts off in the cheap seats – but it’s a surprise to find them at a cricket match at all.)
They had met before, but this time each had the other's undivided attention. They were drinking gin and tonics, the ocean breeze lifting their hair as they sat on the veranda, apart from the rest of the party, while laughing at each other's silly stories.
Then smile as sweetly, when he is far,
In other news, my daughter L's well-used blackberry phone erased her entire contact list yesterday. She was so mad and not to mention panicked! Looks like it's time for an iphone!
Born December 15, 1983 , Sean Quinlan started his career as a conditional rider with Edward O’Grady in Co Tipperary before crossing the Irish Sea to try his luck attached to Richard Phillips at Adlestrop. Arrived in Gloucestershire in August, 2005, and after a total of nine winners in his first two seasons recorded his best-ever total of 25 last season. His first winner in Britain was Phillips-trained Caesarean Hunter at Exeter in December, 2005, and his biggest was Chaninbar for Milton Harris in the Alder Hey Imagine Appeal Red Rum Handicap Chase, a Grade Three two-miler, at the Grand National meeting two years ago. Over the past five seasons Midnight Haze’s trainer Kim Bailey, based near Andoversford, has supplied most of his winners. John Smith’s Grand National record: no previous rides
The ripple effects are starting to hit our family. I am feeling incredibly protective of my husband and his fragile mental health. The last thing he needs right now is any more stress laid on him, another crisis to deal with, another situation that requires his time and energy; he should be focused on healing and helping his school community move forward. I’m mad at the other parents in our childcare community–some of whom I’ve developed close relationships with and strong feelings for–because it doesn’t feel like they’re enacting the sense of community and support that our center prides itself on. I feel vulnerable that the places I’ve come to rely on no longer feel safe. I am fraught with anxiety.
just grabbed and swallowed
Love is lost in lust’s embrace
The Unexpected:
I’m just saying, it’s not a big deal. So yeah. Get over yourselves. Lol.
However, I know that I do need it sometimes which is why I thought I would mention it today. I do have a No7 translucent powder that I use all the time, but when I want slightly more coverage on a bad skin day I reach for this one from e.l.f.
Julien stood silent. The night wind touched his face; the hills were shadows on the horizon where they blotted out the stars. Suddenly he felt how large the world was, how huge the night, how small they stood on the road in the light of the waning moon. Ahead, the road bent into the pine woods, and in his mind, Julien saw Benjamin walking away, a small form carrying a suitcase into the darkness under the trees. His fingers bit into Benjamin’s arm.
A cruel necessity compels me to write these prophecies; though not, I freely admit, as cruel as the necessity that compels you to read them.
Gruntz is a surprisingly fun and simple sci-fi rules set for 15mm figures written by Mr. Robin from Rottenlead fame. I’ll be the first to say the actual rules need a bit of tidying up, but they’re both very simple and solid. I just think there are some things inside the designer’s head that need better explaining in the text. Another thing is the number of 15mm figures I own: zero. No, I mean it, I have none. Not even a test figure. Not even a free sample. Not even a single figure thrown in one of those big online trades I like to make. Zero.
To create this I first placed a rectangle on the mat and sized it a bit bigger than 4 x 6. I then added the letters for Austin's name, grouped them together and played with the size until it worked. I then added some width to the rectangle so I would be able to bind it. I then opened 5 new layers and copied the rectangles and lined them up so it looked as if there was just 1 on the mat. I then copied each of the letters to the proper layer and placed them so they could be welded to the rectangle. This was much easier to line up than the other type of word book. Using the color fill for mat layers helped a lot too. I'm not certain why but for some reason craftroom will not let me select most of the items on my mat. Anyone else have that happen? It's really strange.
We want to be able to be still enough to hear God's voice. To be calm enough to hear God speaking through our own thoughts, to feel God nudging us.
as high order
The Phoenix Files: Fallout by Chris Morphew
And the sizzling sheets of the town cried, Quick!-
Did you watch the Rockefeller Center Christmas Tree Lighting Ceremony on TV last night? This photo is of last year's beautiful tree (view more photos here) I contemplated going to the ceremony but when I heard that President Obama was also in mid town Manhattan last evening, attending another event, I decided to wait another year. I knew all the added security would make a very crowded event even more difficult to see. I'll visit this year's tree as soon as I can -- I never miss seeing it! Happy December 1st!
In a small hospital ward in the remote town of Kollam, his mother was lying on bed displaying the familiar signs of coma – laboured breathing, His anxious father and sister helplessly stayed closely near him.
In a shameless effort to get more hits on the site, here's a 10 question quiz all based on posts I have published this calendar year. Now, you can do one of three things....
Thanksgiving is the the quiet, pastoral younger sibling to that jubilant, festive darling, Christmas. There’s a calmness surrounding Thanksgiving, like a deep breath before the whirlwind of the approaching holiday. I look out my window at the bare tree branches and gray sky and snapshots of Thanksgivings past roll through my mind.
Foundem founder was quoted as saying that Google had an “unprecedented” amount of control over its market.
Okay
So, there you have it! My newest obsession, via Pinterest: making super cute things out of reusable shopping bags. And I'm just getting started!
(3 gifts round)
-1 Can Frozen Limeade Concentrate
PS if a certain novia of mine se gustaria cosas, dame su direccion, por favor : D
A: I am "addicted" to blogging because it is a way for me to connect and share with my clients, vendors as well as anyone who is trying to get ideas for their own wedding and event. It is also a great avenue not just to showcase my work but my personality, so that when a client hires me, they know what to expect.
The show has a large cast of characters, and it tends to show events from a lot of different perspectives. It’s like a soap opera, but without an intense focus on relationships. It’s like a mystery, but without clues or an overarching conflict. It’s a lot easier to say what Durarara!! isn’t than to say what it is. Hopefully the plot will become more clear as it unfolds.
So I have been trying to think of good projects that produce both a 2-D project and a 3-D project.
Anyway, that's neither the "good news" nor the "bad news" in the post title; actually, far as I'm concerned, it's not news at all, it's just more poorly constructed, sensationalist blather designed to keep people scared so the grant money continues to roll in. The good/bad news came at the end of the article:
You know how to reach me if you need help. Day or night, I'll be there. You know that.
First of all, the risk of transmission isn’t less than 1%, it’s more like 12-15% chance, even on the suppressant drugs with protection. These drugs actually only reduce the risk of transmission by 48%.
Not necessarily. If you're planning a destination wedding because you don’t want to have a lot of people then don’t invite a lot of people to your wedding.
Plzensky Prazdroj, a. s. Pilsner Urquell
A really awesome story that has had such an effect on me – as I’m writing this review, I’m sitting here feeling quite sad and in need of chocolate. I’ve been hugely impressed by Sarra’s writing and I can’t wait to read more of her novels. Fortunately, I have Guitar Girl on my shelf waiting to start. I really would recommend this book to everyone. Simply fantastic!
let there come silence.
How you both suddenly feel this awesome, passionate connection, desire, joy and excitement like you did when you first met. How you will able the sizzle back into your relationship and how to have fun together again and regaining spark you’ve been missing for so long literally at the push of the button. Of course, there is a huge difference of what man feeling romantics and what works work on women. Guys are visual creature. All you take to get your average guy heart rising and pulse pounding is a pretty smile, basically resembles a girl on a bikini.
And now I’m standing in the presence of the Almighty God. I can see — and now I long to see more. My heart has been opened — but it can’t let in enough of His love. My hands are now clean, raised to the sky, reaching for more, more of Him.
About 130,000 people are being evacuated in Mozambique as rising waters in the country’s three main rivers prompted the authorities to declare a red alert, which imposes an evacuation order on the area, for the regions along the Zambezi River, Noticias newspaper said, AFP reported.
the First Day of 2012
The news immediately follows the announcement that Pattinson signed on for “Mission: Blacklist,” the movie adaptation of Eric Maddox’s book “Mission: Blacklist #1: The Inside Story of the Search for Saddam Hussein — As Told by the Soldier Who Masterminded His Capture.” The actor will star as the man who led the hunt.
It quivered, melting into human features.
So my counselor at the mental health center that I have been seeing for almost 6 months has dropped me saying that I am an addict in need of an addictions counselor, but they dont have an individual one so I am stuck in the above mentioned group for 12 weeks and I am supposed to drop my private psychiatrist and use their Dr., but if I miss 3 groups, I get kicked out of not only the substance abuse program (the wonderful group), then I also lose their Dr. (who would be my suboxone provider), and I lose access to any mental health meds or services. Way to dehumanize me and give me lots of hope about the future. Just when i decide to make a positive change in my life, they label me and take away my privalages as a mental health client because I am now a substance abuse client.
Is a wound
I tend to forget to eat because I don’t ever really feel hungry. My regular meal schedule was somewhat nonexistent. I would often have a glass of chocolate milk for breakfast because I don’t feel well if I eat first thing in the morning, but I feel even worse if I don’t. Then I would eat “lunch” sometime before 4pm and dinner around 5:30. Sometime before I went to bed I would have a snack. The problem with eating like this is that long periods between meals is that your body thinks that food is scarce and begins to store. I was eating less but gaining more.
The boy's birth months are October, April and June, so ...Opal, Diamond and pearl. Wowzers! What a monochromatic necklace that will make! Micah and I are both reds, ruby for me, garnet for him, so if we are added, at least we would have a bit of color LOL
Looked into my personal flight pattern, heading due North with the clear instructions of turning southwest at first sighting of molten Mercury. Sure I'm nervous at the wheel after all this is my maiden voyage to planets unknown. I'm armed to the teeth with resolve and my spine is steel. My heart pounds in solid strokes and my hands grip this uncommon wheel. I'm on my first flight of many. I'm exploring the deepest center of mine and these planets. Take off, landing, navigating practiced at length in my sleep. Now wide awake, stars fly by, backlit space more colorful then I first imagined. Oceans of diamond stars weaving in and out of this tapestry of reflected sky.
We believe that there is a radical and essential difference between the righteous and the wicked; that such only as through faith are justified in the name of the Lord Jesus, and sanctified by the Spirit of our God, are truly righteous in His esteem; while all such as continue in impenitence and unbelief are in His sight wicked, and under the curse, and this distinction holds among men both in and after death, in the everlasting felicity of the saved and the everlasting conscious suffering of the lost.
Beverly says to simply be healthy. If you are eating right (being conscious of what you eat but not depriving yourself), exercising, going to the doctor and being generally responsible with your body, you will be beautiful. You simply can’t help but be beautiful.
Rather than the frankly impossible request for written confirmation that oldco Rangers would not be penalised, could it be that some variation of this plan has been floated to the SPL? After all, how long does it take to say “please confirm Rangers will not be penalised next season?” and to receive the simple answer “No”.
Pasta with Two Sauces (Marinara & Kale Pesto with Toasted Walnuts)
Formatting: There's a learning curve because of so many features, but once I got a good grip by reading the yWriter5 Wiki page, I was able to format the manuscript with double spacing and indents! A must-have for me. :) From here on out, everything else is pretty easy.
Pictures of the scarf will be posted when there’s a little more to show you. Right now, it’s all of 12 rows long, not long enough to show you much of anything but the colour.
Felicity Kendal – Lady Clemency Eddison
We had driven to Florida in my dad's RV. The feeling of riding in one, if you never have, can be compared IMO to the feeling of being on a boat. It is never a good idea to try to attain sea legs when you are hung over as all mighty hell in a hand basket. So I sat at the table with a wastebasket between my legs, intermittently dry heaving and retching for the next 19 hours it took us to get home - sitting across from my GRANDMA. Who just rode along like she had no idea her granddaughter had spent all night getting blackout drink with her I.D. and was now barfing up more Mexican she had never eaten.
Czar composed:
Intentions are not static, not cast in concrete. Rather, they change frequently, just as we evolve constantly as individuals. It is okay to reevaluate your work objectives on an ongoing basis. You can and should reexamine career goals on a monthly and yearly basis.
“He can’t look like that. That’s wrong. Just look at him!” an incensed Romney told Matthew Friedemann, his close friend in the Stevens Hall dorm, according to Friedemann’s recollection. Mitt, the teenaged son of Michigan Gov. George Romney, kept complaining about Lauber’s look, Friedemann recalled.
LOL! Just a Friends reference. I have all the episodes filed and catalogued in my brain. It's a scary place - my brain.
“Eight of the city’s most active unionists were charged with conspiracy to commit murder even though only one even present at the meeting was on the speakers’ platform. All eight were found guilty and sentenced to death, despite a lack of evidence connecting them to the person who threw the bomb. Four were hanged on November 11, 1887, Louis Lingg committed suicide in prison, and the remaining three were finally pardoned in 1893. Lucy Parsons, the widow of Albert Parsons, traveled the world urging workers to celebrate May Day and to remember the events of Haymarket and the subsequent government-sponsored murder of those fighting for the rights of all workers.
We're inspired by: high fashion, fine art, different cultures (Japanese, Indian, European, Americana, Southern US, Western US), other fashion bloggers, and the people that surround us.
He thinks it's great. Thats, er, why he decided to publish it.
I used my Copics to color the image and edge the little heart. I used a Viva Decor pearl pen to make the little blue pearl on the heart and the Crafts-Too Snowflakes embossing folder to make the background for the card. Stickles was added for sparkle; and we need sparkle for those snowflakes!
Went into Manchester yesterday and got a few bits and bobs, nothing exciting really. Oh I did go into Rockers England to buy tickets for Emily for Rebellion Fest in Blackpool (a punk/ska festival).
Local witness said the flames reached nearly six stories high: “Whatever the fire was hitting, was blowing up. There were plenty of sparks coming over here where we are,” Dorothy Ware told the Atlanta Journal-Constitution.
I recently joined the Queensland Writers Centre. I haven’t done much more than that, but at least I gave them my money and I’m now officially a member. Bravo for me. The benefit so far of being a member is getting this great little monthly magazine about writing. If nothing else, it’s a reminder to write more since I am supposed to be writing heaps (trust me, I am). Anyway, the theme for this issue is “let’s get technical” which is helpful for me and my transmedia storytelling quest. Here are some reflections from WQ:
Here’s the list of the crimes Charles Taylor was found guilty of:
The small headstone in the photo on the left, that is turned to face sideways, is Mammy's Headstone.
Oh, and a cell-phone number. Approaching the condo, I call. The woman on the other end tells me the gate code, and that 'he' will be down shortly. Who is 'he'? Where are the others? How come you're not coming? All questions I want to ask, but cannot.
North Korea is the first country that is even considering helping them, and this development has only occurred very recently.
Other blog stuff: One last opportunity to see how well Topps represented a team from the 1974 season. Let's see how many Cubs from '74 were in the Topps set.
in fact, i'm thinking... very soon, i may begin to start to feel like my old self again. you see, at seven months old, this little jail-break has FINALLY begun to sleep through the night. we're talkin' between eight to twelve hours! maybe, just maybe, mr. b and i will now sleep more than three or four hours at a time. i think our internal clocks got so used to waking every few hours for so many months, now we just wake up whether we need to or not! so we are still draggin' quite a bit. i did not know the human body could go so long with so little and such broken up sleep. it's odd... isaac is sleeping more, and as a result, has boundless energy... fuel to crawl, climb and cruise to heart's content.
At one point in time, i did have a girlfriend, her name was Jakajah Douglas, she was the best girl i’ve ever met, but the whole entire 4 years we were together, i never actually kissed her, or did “Anything” with her, because it just wasn’t me, i’d shy away from her when she asked, of course i felt bad, but in my heart i wanted “her” to be a “him”.
and put her on my desk next to my new laptop."
One thing she is not thinking about is having an affair, but the neither is Jonas. Jonas is also not having fun. He also had expectations, had made plans. Now he only has wants:
When I realized the flight should have left by now, I went to the front to ask one of the flight attendants what the problem was. She looked at me, awestruck. “Are you Catherine? We’ve been searching for you everywhere!” Unfortunately, there were no other flights to Richmond that day, so I had to head back to my hotel and wait for a flight the following day.
I have been fighting a cold all week but am beginning to feel a bit better now, I am really looking forward to a relaxing weekend. Have a great weekend yourself and thank you for all your amazing comments I really appreciate you stopping by.
And as local languages are replaced by more universal ones local traditions and values disappear to be replaced by industrial ones, researchers say.
So,i took a lil time to update my bloggie.
That's why I imagine women are so eager to talk about those very first few moments, why the slightest hint of interest from a willing (and sometimes not-so-willing) audience opens a hidden floodgate and the details of pregnancy and birth or infertility or loss spill out in a rush. That's why pregnant women find themselves drowning in advice and opinions and yes, even horror stories of carrying and birthing and recovering and raising. That's why blogs are full of intimate bodily details, and a careful listener at a baby shower is virtually guaranteed to hear 'cervix' and 'placenta' and 'episiotomy' sprinkled through the hum of oohs and ahhs at tiny sleepers.
‘By the same margin, they say Obama has a better vision for the U.S. economy, according to the survey of 1,253 Bloomberg customers, who are investors, analysts or traders’.
They sail on a vast boat,
To the ladies – I plead with you to pull out a mirror and look at yourself – down there – a lot. If you haven’t done it before, start doing it regularly. Become comfortable looking at yourself. Spread your labia and see what your lover and your doctor sees. Touch yourself. Shave yourself. Experiment with underwear. Experiment with masturbation. Find your g-spot. Experiment with different sex toys – with external and internal stimulation, and combinations of the two. Become really comfortable with what you’ve got – with who you are. Make sure that YOU’RE the expert when it comes to YOUR genitals, and love them as a wonderful, beautiful part of you. Get so comfortable with your sexual parts that you are ready, willing and able to show them off to your lover – AND give directions to help your lover be the rock star they want to be in bed with you.
—Anansi the Spider: A Tale from the Ashanti, adapted and illustrated by Gerald McDermott; a Caldecott Honor book in 1973—Anansi goes on a journey and gets into trouble, but his six sons help him out. How should he reward them?
Not that this is going to be easy, running for President never is, but to say that Romney can’t win is just a lie and I wonder why the right wing media is so hell bent against the guy who actually stands the best shot against Obama.
So much had taken place in 2001. I’d fought many battles, lost a few friends that I thought would be with me a lifetime, had kept the business going without Rob, and had really begun my journey of self development that would remain with me for the rest of my life. It had been an extremely challenging year, but I had learned so much.
To set a monthly budget, you first need to determine how much income you have. Using the worksheet at the bottom of this page, write a dollar figure next to each relevant income source. Make sure you include all sources of income such as salaries, interest, pension and any other income–including a spouse’s income if you’re married.
me: “Yes.” (What else would I say?)
Fortunately she missed. But what if she had struck my sister – what if she had put her in hospital, or worse? Actually, because we are normal, reasonable people we would have just dealt with it – short of her death obviously. We would have patched up the bleeding and known absolutely that there was no evil intent. But we are not in that rational, reasonable world anymore. Today we seem obsessed with finding someone to blame, with litigation and compensation – with vengeance and gain. Today, if my Gran had connected with that swing she might have gone to prison – but none of us would have believed she deserved to.
We will likely register for a few items, however donations toward our Honeymoon would be greatly appreciated in lieu of traditional gifts
I love how the person who found this film at a flea market became fascinated by the unknown photographer and what the images represent: a life.
In the future, this trend will likely increase due to the global economic recession, lower demand and stagnant production in many countries. Countries will tend to resort to this tool, alleging domestic production is hurt by imports.
To spell it out: Obama is “neutral” over the sovereignty of islands that British troops, with American support, fought and died for at a time when British troops are fighting and dying alongside their American comrades in Afghanistan.
Lost Voices from a hidden Illness is a beautifully bound soft covered book filled with Photographs and Stories of those most severely affected. Over 128 pages of valuable insight into daily living with a hidden illness, that once you have read, will leave you asking " What on Earth are we Doing to Help these Poor People?"
The love sent down from heaven
The Vitamin D tablets are to help my immune system. I have had M.E. (CFS) for just over five years now and these tablets are supposed to help so I have finally decided to get some. Hopefully they will work!
I've always loved the bizarre and offbeat.
Sometimes I read reviews of books, even glowing reviews, before I consider reading a book, and I almost always thing, "This sounds horrible." I don't know why exactly, but that's what always happens. And then, many times, I go on to read books and think, "Wow! This is very enjoyable!"
My appointment was at 9AM, way across town near Bastille, where the July Column in the center of Place de la Bastille marks the place where the peasants stormed the prison and started the French revolution. The Bastille was built during the hundred year war as a fortress, later to be turned into a prison by Louis XIII. I can't help but feel like I've been in a 100-year war myself, trying to make it through the French visa process without, well, losing my head. At least they let me eat cake while I was waiting.
Above is the amazing kit we got from SodaStream to give our honest review on. I like the fact that I can get the flavors at my local grocery store but more exciting to me is that I can purchase them at Staples (which with the $2 recycling credit per ink cartridge - limit 10/month - that is a potential of $20 worth of SodaStream flavors I can get free a month)!
For me, radio is a magic medium, one that is, to borrow Fred Allen’s phrase about his nemesis (television), “rarely well done” these days. The most famous radio comedians and actors were indeed larger than life and also had incredibly memorable voices, which, naturally enough, had to be serve as
And now, across to the BBC Sportsound studio!
authority figure should they ever get lost or can't
Then…. I shall spend endless hours secretly slaving away in the closet as…..
and flairs sure to make
FAR controls originated for reasons that are not necessarily appropriate to all countries. It is important then to examine the history of the measure.
I have really missed following all your own posts in the past six weeks, but life has been very hectic and I have only just come up for air!
Look at the FUN add-on stamps Kathy also created to match this kit - including a leprechaun and TWO coordinating background images. These sets are not included in the kit, but can be purchased separately for all to enjoy! (psst...those Action Wobbles are PERFECT for the heads you can create with this month's stamp kit!)
Soon after Neal's death, two of his cousins launched a Facebook page in his name, urging family members and friends to leave their porch lights on until Neal's remains returned home.
Among meals and meetings, there was a breakfast in April 2008 when the pair apparently discussed Mr Murdoch’s Scottish family roots.
Students holding a meeting in Klang on a Saturday night were attacked by 20 thugs, according to student activist Ehsan Bukharee. The police only told the students to cancel their meeting. The ABU (Anything But Umno) movement meeting at the Shah Alam City Council hall was attacked by a mob on Monday, January 24, 2012.
Incidentally, the city and its movies got royally spoofed by Mel Brooks in High Anxiety (1978). The Internet Movie database (IMDb) provides an index of some 1,000 movies with links to San Francisco which you can view here
I find these little stories fascinating and fluctuate between thinking the Lord Ruler really did change as a result of his role and the length of time he’s endured and reverting back to thinking he’s a raging monster. Did he really start out relatively normal and become like this or was he always just a raging ego maniac. I wonder why he seems to fear Vin and can’t help thinking maybe there was something in the prophecy that he is trying to hide.
There is no place on earth for a Canada that is not multicultural, meaning multiracial.
mothers day!
Coming up at R Space is an open mic and coffeehouse on Thursday June 17 with Ellen Tipper as featured performer. Experimental rock band Arms Against a Sea will be performing Saturday, June 26 with The Class Machine, Machine and No Sane Man.
From this it would seem that you can reduce weight (force) by reducing your mass. While this is true, reducing your mass (what normal people call weight) is nothing special and may be hard to do considering you still have that Mars bar in your hand! So what’s the other solution? Well, take a look at the above equations and see if you can figure it out. M stands for mass, g stands for gravitational acceleration. You’re not gonna go exercise to lose mass, so what is left? Exactly, gravitational acceleration. While you can’t change how hard the Earth pulls at you, you can go somewhere where the pull isn’t as strong. Have you ever considered a walk on the Moon? You should, it has a gravitational acceleration of only 1.63 metres per second squared, which is about 16.7% of that on Earth. This means you will only weigh 16.6% as much on the Moon and that is what you have been asking for all along. You’re welcome!
The success mantra is repeated in this novel also – the coffee table issues, the traffic jams the chai walla, the identifiable characters from within the society, the twists and turns, the local names and places.
Update: 5/2/12:
5. Return to DIY store, with measurements this time, buy much longer curtain pole and strangely short curtains.
Method –
Meals Included: Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner
“Luggage,” Freydolf echoed, not following.
His principle of “Utility” – his moral rule.
Our egg retrieval is complete, and it went really good!
1 can (14 1/2 ounces) diced tomatoes with green chilies
But does our bashful man know this?
In Greece, George Papandreou was swept to power in October 2009, pledging to spend his way out of the crisis. Two years later, in the midst of riots and the worst financial crisis since World War II, Papandreou’s own deputies threw him out. And in yesterday’s elections, his successor’s party got severely punished as well.
Many people seem to mistakenly believe that our judges are simply out-of-touch, semi-senile old people. However, there are clearly far more sinister forces at work here. Judges who make political comments counter to our traditional British values are showing that they have a subversive agenda which is clearly not in the interests of the majority. The judiciary are supposed to be independent from Parliament but some of them have shown themselves to be highly politicised with a clear anti- British agenda. This cannot be tolerated any longer. They have forfeited their right to be judges, in my opinion. During the Nuremberg trials the German judiciary who had enacted Nazi laws were prosecuted and in some cases executed for their crimes. Others were given very long prison sentences. In June 2000, Sir David Calvert-Smith, former head of the Crown Prosecution Service, but now a judge, described nearly all white people as racist. He was head of the CPS from 1988 till 3rd November 2003 and is heavily responsible for turning the police into a totalitarian force policing opinions instead of crime. In 2005 he led an inquiry for the Commission for Racial Equality into how the police forces of England and Wales dealt with racism within their ranks. At a press conference Calvert-Smith said they would not be investigating “racism” because it was a “given.”
Boil potatoes until tender, about 10 minutes. Add carrot (and eggs if not yet hard-boiled) for the last 8 minutes.
Best moment this week: Painting our little boy's room and getting some decorations up.
The report, Not So Sexy: The Health Risks of Secret Chemicals in Fragrances, revealed that 38 chemicals were included in the 17 fragrances but undisclosed on the label. An average of 14 secret chemicals were included in each of the products.
“Huck Finn?”
I hope that you will consider these organizations as viable and much more feminist alternatives to Clitoraid.
In terms of writing, my personal investigations began when a friend of mine asked me one day if I was afraid that my truth would come out in my writing. I thought about it for a moment, and then my initial response was a simple “yes.”
For example, Danna Nolan Fewell’s essay on feminist criticism notes a desire by newer critics to “read against the grain,” which describes
Hello and best wishes to anyone out there who may still be checking up on A Growing Delight.
She’s a big girl now, and dances very cooly, and looks so good doing it.
He said he used to think being a homicide detective was the top job, but not any more.
No pink. No purple. No yellow (although the shoes are quite a marigold/orange/Kraft Dinner shade).
Take a pinch of dough, and roll into 3/4- inch ball, and place it in a baking sheet about 1 1/2 to 2 inch apart. Repeat.
I used two different cricut cartridges and a stamp collection from MY PINK STAMPER named perfect for this event, FROM THE HEART. I love this collection for year round celebration to the Valentine day to come. I hope that you are inspired today to create something for yourself and someone else in your life, I thank you for taking timeout to stop over and visit me. YOU ALL ARE AWESOME!!!!!!
A load of hot air?
In view of the lack of written description in the specification for fully-human, A2 specific, neutralizing, high affinity antibodies, Centocor’s argument that an inventor need not physically make an invention to claim it misses the mark. Indeed, we have repeatedly indicated that the written description requirement does not demand either examples or an actual reduction to practice. . . . What it does demand is that one of skill in the art can “visualize or recognize” the claimed antibodies based on the specification’s disclosure. In other words, the specification must demonstrate constructive possession, and the ’775 patent’s specification fails to do so. Centocor’s asserted claims to fully-human antibodies “merely recite a description of the problem to be solved while claiming all solutions to it.” The actual inventive work of producing a human variable region was left for subsequent inventors to complete.
This is merely a glimpse at the flaws of Breed Specific Legislation (forgive me, those of you who are sitting in your chair thinking, “What about this and what about that!”). There are numerous resources out there for more information about BSL, including Animal Farm Foundation, BAD RAP, and Best Friends Animal Society, as well as a decent number of scholarly articles with different studies.
Sorry for not posting Saturday and so late today but I had one crazy weekend... Friday night after I posted me and a few buddies went out to the bar and crashed on one of my buds couch around 10. I am not a big drinker but last week was the worst week in years..
Studio: Terry
Warlocks and witches in a dance;
Saturday 10 March
I hope that you enjoy and are inspired to create for yourself and someone else in your life today. thank you for taking the time to stop over for a visit I hope that you return again very soon
DC Talk Jesus freak US
- Trashcan
The researchers believe that a 1979 earthquake in southern Alaska, dubbed the St. Elias earthquake, which measured 7.2 on the Richter scale, occurred because the local glaciers melted.
In my Life this week...
Readers will be captivated by the thrills, the moral dilemmas and the battles and struggles which both Toby and Charlie must endure.
Dearest Angel,
Oct 14 – The Majestic – Detroit, MI (W/Cobra Starship)
How many of those attending could even explain coherently why the government should own an airline?
Thanks for sending messages, Your son Andrew I’m thinking must have to fight the ladies away from the door, Ha Ha!! anyway Eliza I sent you amessage on twitter,hope your well, I’m gonna be busy as its Christmas. So wrap up warm,cause its damn cold, and look after your self, and give my love to your family, as I see you gotta good family around you and thats all we need in this life.
"Life is both too short and too long to be unhappy. And if you're staying in a job that makes you unhappy because of money, I'd like to help you with that. I'm not a rich man, but I'm a blessed man. You're my family, and we take care of our family. This will be your inheritance anyway one day, and I'd rather be able to see you enjoy it while I'm alive! Figure out what your next step is! If it's photography, and you need a financial backer, you know who to come ask. If you need more time, let me know. Honor me, and accept this."
Time Ticks Away.
to swiftly submerge blue-blood’s bloated pride
Linkedin introduced advertising on its mobile apps earlier this year. Encouraging greater use of the service, including via the iPad app, suggests an attempt to diversify its income by increasing advertising revenue.
Apparently the average attention span of a four-year-old is still no longer than 5-10 minutes, which in theory means 6-12 activities are needed for every hour they are awake. Coming up with 124 nuggets of amusement each day is an undertaking beyond my capabilities, but I am always on the lookout for new simple games I can play with Stanley. Here are a few we have devised recently:
TV out with Nokia Video Connectivity Cable (CA-75U, in-box)
i love the promise of this passage.
Total Acquisitions 111.4
Prior to year-end toasts.
On the eye - Cocoa Chanel, if you see what I mean...
Sorry about the lack of posts lately - it's been a combination of work, preparing to move and sheer lethargy. Fortunately I have friends who have come to the rescue with interesting items to present.
Humans do weird things. Weirdness is often most apparent when people are running high on an emotion, and at a sporting event when you combine alcohol, cheering and thousands of people, some weirdness will usually make an appearance. One of the strange things we humans do that I have never understood is doing “the wave” at a baseball game. What. is. the. point?
As I look at people around me,
Hubs on the other hand isn't so keen on cats but tolerates them for me. Hubs jokes that I will be that old lady in the supermarket with nothing else in my trolley but canned cat food!. HA!
Rani and Luka are being little terrors,as usual. And when did Luka learn to speak so well? Tonight in the bath,I said something was funny and he said “no it isn't”….. suddenly he is a perfectly spoken little boy,instead of my little Fatboy. And Rani has rediscovered a love for dolls. She is constantly playing dolls lately. Of course, we got rid of most of the dolls, so now she wants more dolls.
2. A bright yellow cardigan. I have a few goldish/mustard colored cardigans but would really love to add a bright yellow cardi to the mix. I have two in mind...the Eunice Cashmere Cardi from Anthro or the J Crew Jackie Cardigan in Retro Lemon. The Anthro sweater is on sale now for $80 but is still fully stocked so I'm holding out for a 2nd cut which will hopefully bring the price down to about $40. I have a feeling the Jackie cardi isn't hitting sale anytime soon...this spring color will be full price for a while.
The Basilica of St Francis of Assisi in Italy was hurt by numerous earthquakes in the centuries after construction began in 1228. But never so badly as by two which struck on the September 26, 1997. Several people died in the second, members of a party inspecting the wreckage caused by the first. (This was memorably captured by Italian television and endlessly repeated.) The large complex was closed for two years, restored and strengthened. Now it hosts worshippers and visitors again.
2 commercial
Why do I feel so out of control?
Now, for the people who are not aware about the events that occurred, the Philippine Dragon Boat Federation was stripped of its national team status, the team was left to look out for themselves, hence, the government institutions that were suppose to support, fund and supervise the team’s training, abandoned them. The team never gave up, they still practiced even though they lost the financial support from our government, they still toiled under the punishing sun every day; to show that this setback will not hamper their dream of bagging as much medals and awards as they can on the coming competition and bring national glory for the Philippines. Surprisingly, the government was not yet through with the team. Shortly after the fiasco became known to the people, some officials released a statement that the accuses some of the team members of using steroids, they also said that some of the members are too old for competition and should be replaced. Wow, steroids really? How can they afford steroids when some of the athletes can barely buy food and vitamin supplements for their children. Too old? If that’s really the case then they should try aspirants out for the team and replace those ‘old’ athletes with new members that has proven themselves, why strip the team of the its national team status? I don’t know the real reason why this happened, I just know that this sucks. That’s why I am very thankful and grateful for the people who helped the team after the government let go of them. To the companies and corporations that sponsored the trip of the team to the United States and to countless private individuals that helped and supported the team, thank you.
We will find cards:
I didn’t think I was going to be able to attend Saturday’s scrimmage at Willson Field, but sometimes the sun shines when you expect rain, and I am quite grateful for that. I am not going to claim to have any fantastic observations about what I saw. That won’t stop me from typing, though…
Yet Dave Prentis - general secretary for Unison - the biggest union in health and local government - argued for accepting this rotten deal. Hundreds of thousands of Unison members who struck on 30 November will not agree.
We spoke of the highs and lows of a mood disorder and all that jazz but we also spoke of the great Spirituality behind this particular mental illness. We spoke of our preferred moods (while there is no control of these swings, some are easier to handle than others) at which time I told her that Depression was much easier on me than Mania. She turned her head and looked at me so deeply I could feel her eyes tickle my soul. My view of Depression is a completely different animal than hers. As far as Mania.....the supposed better part of the disorder.....I hate that shit more than a Republican.
USCIS has reduced its processing time projections to 14-16 months for naturalization applications filed during the surge last summer, increasing the chance yours will be approved in time to vote in the November presidential election, according to a recent statement.
The butterfly stamp and punch is from SU. The ribbon, the bling and the rest of the decoration is from my collection.
Organiser
THE ELITE: My Confusion
Who went home? Jennie.
Nondescript little dive. Its best quality is its location, since it’s about a mile from our house. They have Boulevard Stout on tap in addition to Pale and Wheat, and that’s about it. The epitome of the unintimidating dive. Hardly anyone in there during our visits (early evening), so it was difficult to judge clientele.
I shall not complain, however, if the flirt with a new generation of beer drinkers is necessary to keep up the commitment to quality brews. Commitment usually begins with a flirt
I also very recently won the giveaway at that Shirl had at her blog ' The white house'. I won this book
Much fuss was made some years ago about the so-called "Mozart effect", and the idea that listening to Mozart's music could lead to lasting improvements in our memory and other cognitive powers. While this remains unproven, and numerous doubts have been cast over the validity of the original experiments, evidence does suggest that attending to music can result in temporary improvements to our short-term memory.
When I woke up after surgery, my first conscious effort was to search my brain to see if I still remembered my music. I do. Since then, it has been a key part of my recovery, and my most efficient way to express what I’m now going through.
M: Where did "Kolapot" (coal poking) come from? That’s just bizarre.
Hey Everybody!! I just got 40 Bonus coins for some extra nice eggs in my FARMVILLE chicken coop!
Uh huh. Pass the asparagus please.
Brewery Location: Grand Rapids, MI
So delicate.
The Catastrophic History of You and Me
Marquee Moon – Television
I had all these plans for my birthday. Outdoors,spirit-chasing solitude and contemplation, cool water, calmness.
When David’s foe, Nabal was stopped by Nabal’s wife, Abigail from wrongly (David’s own admission) taking revenge for Nabal’s insolent contempt of David, Abigail said that the LORD would establish for David a lasting dynasty, since David fought the LORD’s battles, and that no wrongdoing would be found in David all his days.
In another corner, Tony’s wife and her best friend Sarah were engaged in a rather hot soixante-neuf, with their husbands watching, while stroking the other’s hard on. It made for an incredibly erotic tableau, and Kathryn wished she could keep that image with her forever. Then she gave a little laugh. She would.
People in positions of authority here have gotten to accustomed to banding together to suppress, hush up and sweep away bad things, that I am convinced from Ministers (and is two involved) to Perm Sec to Deputy Perm Sec felt convinced that they could detain Miller, and not a word would be said about it…because them in charge!!!!
Her mom had mentioned that the Orcs had come through a magic portal that led to their world. To stop them from ever going back for more Orcs, the human army sent some of their people to go stop the Orcish horde. The portal had been closed, but that army was never heard from again.
And so, though this photo at first glance may be evocative of a more romantic, more glamorous era, what you're actually looking at is a Hollywood in transition. Not that transition is unique to Hollywood. Ever since the dawn of the Industrial Age, most places in most times have been in some state of transition or other. Arguably, a lot of great things have come out of that Industrial Age. The electric light. The telephone. The automobile. The personal computer. Near the top of the list I would put the development of photography. It allows us to occasionally take a break from transition and marvel at what has transpired.
Driving experience, economy
One Day 2011 Hollywood Movie Watch Online : Movshare Link : Alternative Link :
In today’s Irish Independent, we get some details of the still-not-concluded auction. Bidders, we are told, include Irish Life and Permanent, AIB, Bank of Ireland and EBS. We get to hear some of the detail of the auction which appears far from straightforward as bidders are expected to submit bids in a matrix format, that is, a value of the bid, a percentage of deposits bid for and securities nominated to accompany the deposits (which of course are liabilities as they represent money owing by the banks to depositors).
was under 90%
I am pleased that in Poland we have more and more women that appreciate such way of dressing.
It is only in the lands where there is still an indigenous or majority white populations where they want to set up their meting pots. As we all know, a desire for ethnic preservation is only a sin when white people do it, amongst any other group it is viewed as both admirable and indeed a basic human right.
Thy ignominy sleep with thee in the grave,
tonite at SAG she murdered the RED CARPET!
Check out Allure Quest Travel Experience on the web for all your travel needs – including analysis of destinations, insightful videos and the latest travel news.
Shall all mine old despairs awake!
The security agencies thereafter, opened fire and shot the suspect on the leg and the lower abdominal part of his body.
The two types of Copics that feature a brush nib are the Sketch and Ciao. The Ciao line is the less expensive and lighter version of the Sketch and offers 180 of the 358 colors.
Style Quote for the Day: “Elegance is a question of personality, more than one’s clothing.” Jean-Paul Gaultier
Having spent a good deal of the summer up a mountain in Wales and away from decent internet (which explains the recent intermittent nature of this blog), I'm here again for a week for family reasons. Last night, sheltering from the wild weather in the pub, I got talking to a holidaying Canadian couple doing likewise. They were educated, thoughtful - in early middle age - and we soon got onto the subject of their national authors. Inevitably I mentioned Margaret Atwood. The woman said, 'Oh no, I don't like Margaret Atwood at all! Oh no, no. What I like is a good story, and Margaret Atwood's books all take place inside people heads!' And she put her hands up to her head in a gesture not just of illustration but despair.
The item that held up best through the travels was the Spicy Chicken Sandwich. This was also the only item that had foil packaging. Coincidence? Not likely.
The second factor would be the relatively low basis. Malaysia achieved only 0.1 per cent of growth in the fourth quarter of 2008.
Comics publishers needed that cheap postage, so they agreed. This gave birth to the letters column, the editor's page, "Stan's Soapbox," et al. Well-meaning assistant editors wrote columns on hobby tips, the history of the camera, the riches of Nigeria. Mickey Spillane, years before his pulp-fiction breakthrough, penned rank adventure tales for Timely's fillers. No one gave a sh!t about these things. They had to be done.
Less than a year old, the Lakota Buffalo Ranch’s rare White Buffalo Calf, Lightning Medicine Cloud, is once again in the news.
GINGRICH: I want to make two points.
‘Twilight of the Aspects’ touches on the rumors of Thrall’s assignations with Jaina and Taretha, two human women who have affected his life greatly. Apparently, Thrall’s contemporaries speak of this when he isn’t around, and she brings it to his attention early on in the book. Naturally, he becomes irritated by this. And with good reason. Aggra does not agree with the rumors, though her wording, her delivery of the information, comes off as her baiting him with the possibility of her buying in to such talk. So, he snaps at her.
Here’s a memory from one of the old Emigre magazines: British graphic designer and teacher Nick Bell dreamed up two “conceptual” fonts. One is Zelig, a typeface with the chameleon-like ability to change its appearance to something similar to whatever typeface it is placed next to. Another is Psycho, the printed version of which bears no relation to the words you type. Instead it leaves stab wounds in a piece of paper by randomly accessing a cutlery drawer as you type.
Then who else will be
Right from the start the arrogant proffie (or is that spelled with an m?) tells us whites that we all want to bury Apartheid.
So, being “a label” now really means, in my opinion, being a manager, having an artistic vision of a coherent and solid catalog so, even when you sign a new band nobody ever heard about, everyone knows what to expect in terms of quality, it’s all about having a shit load of contacts, it’s all about millions of things besides simply having a CD out, making a bank transfer to some magazine to have a full page ad, an intie and a decent review. It’s doing whatever you can to help the band and build a brand.
When Garcia’s sister got home, she saw the house filled with smoke and the dog’s blood and called firefighters, Katz said.
As I head off to bed now, Andy is working on his latest Bionicle creation. No clear vision yet, but he does have a base from which to build. He's sifting thru the massive collection of parts kept on the floor for inspiration. No photo of the new one in the works, tho, since he's not sure where it's going just yet.
The shift toward e-books isn't as pronounced in other English-speaking countries as it is in the United States, which is probably as much a function of platform/device availability/e-book rights as it is purely one of population size. For instance, e-book sales in the UK in 2010 were £180MM, or about $294MM; compare that to US 2010 e-book sales of $441.3MM.
Goo gave this lying testimony. It was his last sad stand from the witness-box. He was also very proud of this photo he claimed he sat for in 123,000,000,000 BCE.
"The Comic Book Alliance are extremely pleased and excited to be involved in what is an important of part of both philately and comic book history.
"I get maybe one or two tickets a day," he said.
Somethings gotta' give.
As I discussed in a previous post, human psychology probably also plays a role. According to prospect theory, when considering possible courses of action, humans weigh potential losses more heavily than comparable gains, and we evaluate both against a subjective reference point–usually the status quo. Psychologists call this pattern loss aversion, and it’s easy to see how it might strengthen the temptation for one-time “democrats” to cling to the spoils of power once in office.
The problem of confidence: You cannot make others feel confident. Security and insecurity are functions of the self. Successful leaders, however, help others find confidence, assuming they want to find it.
Velvet Underground - Quine Tapes Disc Three - 1969
So here are a few of the matchboxes I have been making for A Swap For All Seasons. I am almost done with them, all 25, but now have to make a tiny something to include on the inside of each.
Pulse attempts to echo Kurosawa’s preoccupation with intense isolation through technology. In the film technology acts as a prophylactic, a barrier between real human interactions. When Mattie’s friends gather at a bar, the aptly named Stone brags to the girls that he has passcodes to a number of sex sites. The internet takes the place of what could be real human intimacy and Mattie’s sepia memories of sex with Josh are the closest we get to seeing a solid human connection—and he dies in the first few minutes of the film.
The New York City Council approved the living wage legislation on Monday's (April 30th) Stated hearing. The legislation would mandate minimum pay of $11.50 per hour— or $10 without benefits— for employers receiving public funding with gross revenues over $5 million dollars a year. Mayor Bloomberg has been highly critical of the legislation.
runs the mind pursuing a battery of ghosts.
How it is that we are in our 30's or 40's or beyond and we don't have a clue what it is we want to do with our lives or who we really are or why we feel out of balance, discouraged and out of touch with ourselves? Why do we need outside help in order to discover what was inside of us all along? The answer can be found in how we were treated by adults when we were children.
If you want the sign I used for the bulletin board...here it is!
It’s important to notice the nuance here. Americans don’t buy into the so-called “Poor Law” theory of social welfare wholesale – they reject the idea that relief should only be available to the “worthy poor” in favor of universalism; they generally believe in paying taxes necessary for adequate benefits as long as they think they are also included within the circle of protection. This isn’t a Social Democratic framework either (there’s certainly no conception that citizenship entitles you to benefit, for example), but there is something of the old ideal of the commonweal here.
There was not much of a chance of her being surprised beyond this point, because about a half dozen of us were standing there just inside the door with cameras aimed at it. I don't think people should scream and scare very pregnant ladies anyway...I always thought that was weird.
We are getting about 6 eggs a day now from "the Girls". I have enjoyed these little gals so much. They are quite friendly and they seem to enjoy my company too. When I get home from work they all rush to the fence to say hello. Actually I think they are saying "Let us out!" We only let them out on the weekends. The rest of the time they have to stay in their yard.
On: BBC Radio 4 Extra
Anwaar: Are you finished yet?
that like a slovenly girl lies featherless
Copyright 2012 by Melanie Mulhall
Be warned and be ready for your worst nightmare.
For John, kayaking was a bucket list item, that he and his friends had on their list of things to do for more than a few years before they finally got around to actually trying it, and from the first moment he dipped his paddle, he was hooked.
Above are two of the spectacular views from the mountain. I'll come back again next year in more shape and ready to go to the top. I hope you've enjoyed the update. I get my tripod today so I'm looking forward to taking some pictures of the sunsets and more flowers using my macro lens.
IF you DO like the vid then i will probably try and do more on different things...as there are LOADS of things that i could show :) *Let's see how this goes down first...lol*
That's right, exactly what the title says. ACNE. T.T I'm sure this is a extremely serious problem for girls. D;
I'll be sharing more about that soon. You can see some of the party ideas that I've been working on over on Pinterest (use the red linky up there at the top left hand corner of my blog, I'm not having lucky posting links in this entry).
