She told me about a Cape Town Designer Haldane Martin, originally from Johannesburg, who they have been discussing in class. She showed me one of his designs, the Zulu Mama chair and I was quite intrigued as it reminded me of a chair, a garden chair, my Ma had when I was youngling. But the one she had was worn out, holes in the wire seating and the legs metal with a coat of white painting which has part peeled and rust showing through. I guess it Martin’s design is a modern twist to my Ma’s retro look.
- Paul, Liverpool, 10/3/2012 20:00
No matter what’s on my “list” when I head to Target, I always see something sooooo cute in their clothing department. And let’s face it, how easy is it to just pick up a cute top at Target when we’re there every other week anyway? I live in their tank tops and flip flops in the spring and summer. Because they are fairly inexpensive, I don’t feel that bad if they only last one or two seasons. And almost all of my maternity clothes were from Target.
our personal and spirit-centered Calls
Between this lax control on manufacturing and the Tibet crackdown, I'm a little peeved at China.
But, I really need to do this. And... I think I will blog about it as much as I can. BEWARE OF BORING POSTS!
Death Comes to Pemberley, by P.D. James – Meh. I thought this was going to be really good. A murder mystery set at Pemberley, starring Mr. Darcy and Elizabeth and all of their friends? How can you go wrong? But it was only okay. I felt that the characters I loved so much in Pride and Prejudice were missing from this book… especially when Elizabeth reflects that she wouldn’t have married Darcy without money. The true Elizabeth married for love and got money as a fun bonus – that’s the Austen way. This Elizabeth was not the same Elizabeth that I rooted for in Austen’s masterpiece. That sort of ruined the experience of Death Comes to Pemberley for me – which was a shame, because it could have been quite the fun romp.
The junco flock from this last winter brought a bird of a different color. It was so different that I wasn't sure at first that she (?he?) was a junco at all. Rather than charcoal and ivory, this bird resembled a toasted marshmallow.
Published by: Accendo Press
How could I going on on you
The First Methodist Church – (the foundation only)
2. Since You've Been Gone (5:35)
Directed by: Steven Spielberg
Facebook has become a thorn in my side.
Well, not really, but I was thinking about it! Dadgummit!! What is UP with this day????
Some choices on tap for my 6Week Snowfox Goals:
Hilltop Hall....on a warm day in...November...
You can be the wave,
In March, I signed up for a 5K training coach through the Nike website. Each day there were instructions for what I was supposed to do. I did really well keeping up with the instructions except for the last month. I fell off the grid because my shoes kept hurting my feet. I ordered new ones and I decided to take a break until they came in. I was told my order would take a month, and I didn’t believe it. It really did though.
And finally, have a look at these great links for inspiration and information.
Mike D, Adam Yauch, Ad-Rock and Mix Master Mike recently got one of the honors they truly deserve and were inducted into the Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame last week and in honor of that, DJ Mick Boogie went ahead and put together a monster mix of the group's all time best joints, unreleased shit, remixes, live performances and outtakes in one tape.. and you gettin it free...
Carter denounced the situation as “a terrible human rights crime,” adding that the blockade forced Gazans to rely on smugglers for their daily needs.
It was so jam packed! I took over 250 photos. So I would be here all night uploading and writing if I told you all about it.
Wednesday- Estimation- this week a child brought in Starbursts to estimate
"Why did they hang him so high?" - Mattie Ross (Hailee Steinfeld)
I’m one of 7 siblings (yeah, I know; this is intriguing and interesting, so you’re surprised that I’d rather talk about bunnies-bunnies -bunnies than my counterculture life story. But I’ll explain all that later) and only the first three (and a half, I’ll explain that later too, maybe) of us are nineties kids. The rest get so irritated when I brag about Ninja Turtles and the Virtual Boy (which sucked) and the original Power Rangers, the first Nicktoons, and Pogs (which were also lame) and the birth of the Internet and Pokemon and Playstation and pretty much everything, yep.
The David Wright collection was still new, but I didn't even have a page full. I'm clocking in at over 200 Wrights now.
They discovered that a tectonic plate under the Pacific Ocean in southern Alaska was pushing toward the coast, creating very steep mountains. "The high mountains and heavy precipitation are critical for glacier formation. The colliding plates create a great deal of pressure that builds up, and eventually is relieved by earthquakes."
5) Ask a couple of trusted colleagues, clients or friends for feedback on your draft – really do this because it helps! Plus, it’s a great confidence booster and low-risk way to share your writing with a small audience first.
Edmund Bond(1934) is Marxist celebrated for Saved(1964) which caused the public debate on censorship that led to the office of The Lord Chamberlaine, being abolished. Under The Theatres Act 1843 scripts had to be submitted for approval by the Lord Chamberlains's Office. The Lord Chamberlain sought to censor Saved but Bond refused to alter it, saying removing the pivotal stoning scene would alter the meaning of the play. He was backed by the play's director William Gaskill and the Royal Court. They used a legal loophole which allowed plays that had been banned to be performed under 'club' by forming a theatre club. However, the English Stage Society were still prosecuted, found guilty and given a Conditional Discharge.
I re-started my Netflix this week (quite by accident, actually, but what's done is done). While I was sorting through the Instant Watch tab, I clicked on their Gay and Lesbian category. This is what they list in the sidebar:
As our district moves forward with our SBG implementation plan, we are meeting with all of the other chemistry teachers tomorrow to finish developing our standards for next year. I’m hoping that this collaboration will give me a better sense of the “big idea”-”learning target” connection and make it a much easier transition to full SBG next year, and I will have a later post that details what we come up with.
On second thoughts I think even that would be out of my budget!!!!!
Welcome back Gossip Girl fans! It’s been a hell-hiatus without our favorite schemers and backstabbers but it’s finally over! Before the break, things were not looking good for a lot of the characters, especially due to the Ivy-Charlie fiasco.
will hammer his ass if he doesn’t
"Hmmmm. Maybe............Wait, I'm being called. A church in Duluth needs a new piano. See you later, Son.
In addition, the BNP’s policy is to:
Since 1991 Somalia has increased exports of acacia charcoal to Kenya and the Gulf states. Areas of charcoal production include the region south of Kismayo, parts of Bay and Middle Shabelle, and several areas in ‘Somaliland’ and ‘Puntland’. This charcoal trade has created a serious environmental problem, as widespread tree-cutting threatens fragile pastoral lands.
I am trying to overcome my procrastination, it will help me in so many ways with my depression and anxiety if I could at least make an attempt to start things in a more timely manner and not leave everything to the last minute. The benefits would be two fold I would not have to worry about my memory as much because at least if it started it is harder to forget, and less to do as the deadline approaches.
“You’re really carving out a entirely new space in philanthropy and in non-profit, a lot like AIDS 30 years ago,” he says.
Anoop, who only shoots anchor links for the show, prefers to read the entire screenplay to connect with a story. He also reads newspapers and magazines thoroughly and passes on cases to the show’s two-member research team for consideration. “We can’t end crimes, but circumstances that lead to punishable offences can be changed,” says the actor-anchor, who remembers receiving great feedback for a series on female foeticide cases in India. “There are thousands of cases we’d like to highlight alongside the role that cops play in cracking them. And trust me, there’s a large chunk of the audience that’s not tuning in for voyeuristic pleasure.”
You can get this package deal during the hop for only $18!!!
When Labour came to power in 1997, it set about systematically destroying not just the traditional family but the very idea that married parents were better for children than any other arrangement.
Just before he got reality-bamfed the first time, he had a voicemail message from this world’s Tea Leoni, who is much like the Don Cheadle Alternate Reality Tea Leoni (patent pending). Except for being a rich lawyer. Who is moving to Paris. And only called Cage to give him back some of his old stuff.
Yoga exercise doesn’t just have benefits for the health, it can help improve your disposition, also. Consequently, it becomes an invaluable self-help resource. Exercising yoga really helps to relax your mind, which foliage you much less vulnerable to anxiety. Even straightforward techniques, for example managed relaxation, can help you to chill out more effectively and reduce your anxiety every single day.
I forgive myself that I’ve accepted and allowed myself to fall within the point wherein there was a moment within myself when I had the opportunity to stop, to shut the fuck up and breathe, to recognize the part of me that was equal to the tonality within his voice that I reacted to, that I felt disappointment to/towards and thus, instead of forgiving myself, I demanded a form of restitution by attacking.
Towles’s prose is as silken and smooth as the gin martinis his characters endlessly imbibe. But unlike their attitudes, it’s not glib or slick, although some of the dialogue gets a bit clichéd. Instead, he uses words sparingly and with precision which imbues the reader with a feeling of being enveloped in a different era.
It is our hope the reader comes to understand the central part karma and reincarnation plays in the process of spiritual evolution. The soul takes approximately 800 lifetimes to reach maturity. In that time, we experience the joys and sorrows, the triumphs and tragedies of earth life. This builds character, making us rich and well-rounded. In addition, the book attempts to cover the board range of karma from personal to national and
Bake for between 30 and 45 minutes - watch that the cheese doesn't burn.
Someone asked about you yesterday - and it caught me off guard. What am I supposed to say when people ask if your brothers and/or sisters in my tummy are my only children. I had a guy say, well... you already have one at home...right? Well... not the home that you would normally think of. *sigh* I had to tell him that you, our precious daughter, passed away over a year ago, in November of 2009.
I like Paul McCulley and he's absolutely right, Wall Street capitalism stinks. Let me be more blunt, having worked as a senior investment analyst at two of Canada's largest pension funds, I've met all sorts of Wall Street and Bay Street salespeople and invested in some of the world's best hedge funds and private equity funds. I've seen firsthand how Wall Street types operate. Most are good, honest, hardworking people just trying to survive, but far too many are slimy weasels who would sell their colleagues down a river for the almighty buck. Homo Homini Lupus! And in most cases, the Peter Principle holds as incompetent scumbags that rise to the top.
There are a lot of couples and families who live miles apart because of one reason or another. It is difficult and full of challenges. But I think love goes beyond time and space. After all, physical distance can make people emotionally closer as people find ways to still communicate and share your feelings and thoughts…
* Challenge: I have a chronic night time sweet tooth and would be surrounded by all sorts of tempting options in Vegas. Solution: Pack my Sugar-Free Hot Chocolate Mix. Opted for: This solution worked quite brilliantly. I was in Vegas for 4 nights. My only sweet indulgence was a frozen yogurt on my last night.
Noah overcame the world… He lived in times of great violence… sin was rampant… sexual immorality filled the land… the population wanted freedom to sin… new evils were invented… the image man projected was to do evil continually… But… “Noah found grace in the eyes of the Lord” (Genesis 6:8). He was just… lawful… righteous… devout… Noah was perfect… i.e., entire… full of integrity… truth… without blemish or mixture… complete… sound… without spot… undefiled… upright. Noah walked with God… i.e., he was conversant with God, and he exercised himself to obey God and to walk in God’s ways. Hebrews 11:7 testifies of Noah… He was a preacher of righteousness. God gave him a mission to build an ark, and he did it. Noah had faith to overcome the world. The world sneered… mocked… jeered… was full of unbelief and compromise… and was anti-God and against God’s followers. Noah chose to walk with God… he saved his own soul and his family. He overcame the world.
A new noninvasive technique for early detection of ovarian cancer involves a genetically altered virus. Researchers at the University of Alabama engineered a common cold virus to infect ovarian cancer cells with a green fluorescent protein that reveals the cancer cells. The technique can also be used to monitor the effectiveness of therapy.
Incidentally, for those of you who are thinking, “He has his grandfather’s resume? Does this family throw nothing out?”: I found a manila folder with the resume packed in a box of historical newspapers I inherited.
A small kiddies play room
Going forward, I need to remember with 100% conviction that my entire life is forever and always 100% emanated and controlled by him. I am in his pure land. My ‘normal’ life is my life in his pure land, specifically within the charnel grounds of Keajra (Keajra is within Dorje Shugden’s protection circle/pure land). Others will still see samsara, but I will know better – I will know that I am actually in the charnel grounds. I am in the pure land. VGL once said that the mind of lamrim IS (itself) Akanishta Pure Land. In the same way, the mind that is the 100% conviction that I am in the pure land is itself the pure land. It becomes true at an ultimate level since all things are empty, it becomes true at a practical/experiential level since that is how I will live and experience my life, and it is true at a causal level since by adopting this view I will create the karmic causes for it to become actually true (in terms of what karma is actually ripening) in the future. The human resources office at the State Department which will be making the decisions about where I go is actually part of DS’s mandala, sending me to different parts or corners of my mind. I can recall Chodar’s bag “Travel in Mind”. That is exactly what I will be doing.
I’ve never considered myself an early adopter of technology, even mobile technology, which I’m so fascinated with. It seems like way too much work to find out about all the new tech gadgets, wait in line for hours to buy them and then pay way too much money for something you’ll be replacing in months. Let’s face it: you’re not a real tech geek if you have a phone for the full 3-year average.
Not only that, the song FADES IN! Can you imagine what that must have sounded like hearing it for the first time?
makes no literary claim,
I just received the 2xLP version. I've received a bunch, but I'm only putting as many on sale as that I can possibly carry with me to the post office tomorrow.
Following the second visit to Penrith service for routine checks on his faultless MG, just 6 miles separated Edwards and the team from their first 1400 overall victory; an ambition Edwards was ambitious to achieve. Simple it may have soundedsounded; yet straight forward it wasn’t, with ice patches and slush still on the Greystoke stage, leaving the crews with just two wheel-tracks to follow through the winter wonderland. Nevertheless, the Welshman remained as cool as the icy road before him to take an impressive and well-earned victory by 51 seconds. Added to that feat was the remarkable position of 16th overall from an entry list of over 100, as well as the accolade of being the fastest 2 wheel drive crew over the first three stages of the rally, taking the Comb and Hobcarton trophy as donated by the local forestry commission.
This is what the message summary in the notes on the back of the bulletin said this morning...
That's all she wrote folks, see you soon.
Tine vs. Am I in Labor?...goes to Tine. Yeah, I still have trouble telling when things are on a roll, but I'm getting better. At least this time I was only nine centimeters dilated when I walked into the hospital and not ten plus! And really, I will always be the winner with a daughter like Alex. Sure, she gave me a run for my sanity the first year. She never slept, she cried all the time, was clingy, and had multiple problems that needed meds, but she is an angel princess. She loves to dance and twirl in fancy dresses. She gives me kisses and hugs in abundance. She loves the bunny Daddy gave her in the hospital and carries it around everywhere. She loves carrying around purses and putting on shoes. She loves necklaces, boas, jewelry, and other girly stuff...but she's not afraid to kick a soccer ball or play golf or throw a ball. She likes to go to the playground, zoom down slides, swing on the swings, and climb around. Right now she has a couple of skinned knees but she's proudly prancing around in her Disney princess shoes. I can't wait to see how she grows and learns, just as long as she always has time to give Mommy kisses and hugs. I love you Alex. Happy Birthday.
I should fess up and tell you that I have a project in the Felt version of the series. Mine is the robot (you can bend his arms and legs!) but, while I'm chuffed beyond belief to be included, I would still think this book was great regardless.
So, this morning a little person, one just tall enough for his chin to hit the top edge of my mattress runs into my room and says, "Ma! Ma! Dare is sumbuddy sweepin' on da table. Come on, yook! Sumbuddy sweepin' dare!"
-- There are some people that if they don't know, you can't tell them.
However, my lovely Kate Spade everydayware will never be quite the same.
Kellogg’s decided that India is a suitable target for its cereal products. Kellogg’s thought that even if they can manage a two percent market share in India, they will have 18 million consumers, a market larger than the US itself. However, we Indians were not too used to this style of breakfast. So apart from marketing the product, Kellogg’s had an extra challenge to market this style of breakfast to Indians.
water of a new life
For those of you asking after Sheba, she is scheduled for surgery on Tuesday, the 6th to biopsy her thyroid and to remove it if possible. We will find out about a week later if the growth is just a benign tumor or if it is a malignant cancer. Sheba will be feeling pretty poorly after the surgery and until her thyroid levels go down. The high thyroid levels make her metabolism run very high, that's why she has lost weight and is always panting. She doesn't play ball but she wants to: she brings the ball, you throw it and she runs to get it and lays down to rest. It makes us very sad that she doesn't feel up to playing ~ that isn't my normal Border Collie! Since the thyroid is in the neck she won't be able to wear a collar until she heals. I went to the pet shop this morning and picked up a step-in harness﻿ she can wear if she needs to go somewhere. When I got home and tried it on her she looked so sad and confused as if I was strapping her into a torture device! Silly old girl! I will keep you updated as I know more.
The closest I have is a book that I’ve never been able to finish, and I don’t know that I ever will. And this is saying something! I’m one of those vaguely insane people who needs to finish a book once they’ve started it, even if they’re not enjoying it. I believe that every book has something worth saying for itself, and the least I can do is give it (and the author) a decent chance. The result of this is that I have finished almost every single book that I have started. Most of those I haven’t finished (and there aren’t many!) I have forgotten. But this book I have always remembered, because I was so disappointed not to be able to finish it.
So. Quit the blog. Tried to make real friends. Felt like I lost a few (due to my own reclusive nature and not keeping in contact via email and shit) Read a million books and tested out lots of crazy shit (some not so crazy, almost all super fun or incredibly interesting) Nearly blew up my brain and went to see a therapist (who helped me see why I had so much difficulty cultivating and keeping female relationships. HUGE huge work. Now I have a couple really real authentic friends and it feels really nice.) Thought maybe I would go back to college and get my masters degree in philosophy and signed up for some classes (Those just ended. The classes were not what I had hoped they would be BUT my professor was SO Great, this 70ish year old guy who had lived in New Orleans for about 40 years and was all into hypnotism and tarot cards and astrology and shit! We are friends now and meet up to discuss metaphysical matters and behavioral psychology. All I really wanted when I signed up for classes was to be able to shoot the shit with someone who had read and experienced WAY more than me so that worked out perfect.), then finally focused on strengthening my physical body and willpower through the fitness challenge, and now here I am. Beginning massage school.
I didn't purposefully plan any of the "rustic" touches... I think the gel medium wasn't completely even in some spots and didn't grip the ink from the copy uniformly across the whole piece of wood (some of the weathered looking areas are with the grain of the wood). But I am fine with it. Makes it look interesting and old. Also, I didn't yet Mod Podge the wood, as the original video shows, but I probably will do that for more durability.
WHAT IS A JOURNAL JAR?? Well, it is an empty jar, that you decorate, and then fill with Journaling prompt… such as
She turns and walks away, and with complete confidence, says, "I guess it's to hang your pants on."
I'm human. I make mistakes. Yes, so do you, but not once have you even taken my wants and needs into account. It's all about you. Well guess what, this time it's about me. Start treating me like you care. Because otherwise all you're going to succeed in doing is pushing me away. Unless that's really what you want. I don't know anymore.
Because not only can I get through it, but I can overcome the reading and finish my assignments...(besides I have to :)
I couldn’t resist a photo of my race bike with the side show booth. You got to admit a 300 pound guy on a road bicycle might just be a bit of an oddity?!
thankfully, only by mommy.
I really did intend to get to this sooner, but it’s the kind of news that doesn’t get old.
So, do you know God's amazing grace for yourself? If not, why not? Will you not only accept the gift of His Son but unwrap it and live fully for Him? If you do know His amazing grace, how about your family members and friends? How might God have you share the gift with them this year? And how are you extending grace to others through kind gestures, forgiveness, a pleasant surprise, a smile and loving words when least expected, etc.? How can you bless someone this week by extending God's grace to them? God meets us where we are, and He wants us to meet others where they are with compassion. Pray about ways you can do that.
It’s such a mess, and the thought of cleaning it now is overwhelming.
Shout to God with the voice of triumph!
Strengths to apply to your life anywhere: Don’t be short-tempered, concentrate on the person and their personal interests rather than their work, ask all people when entering their home if you can wear your shoes inside. Generally, an unassuming nature is appropriate, but you are entitled to have an opinion so long as it is not a personal attack.
I have decided to invent a new type of poetry*, another variation on the haiku. I will call it the shrieku. Each line will consist solely of modulated shrieks, and of course it will follow the five syllable/seven syllable/five syllable structure of the haiku. Here's an interesting example of the method that I've just penned:
After a few tough days at the hospital (set off by another scary spell on Wednesday night) I took some time on Thursday afternoon to grab some lunch at my favorite deli, sit outside to enjoy the most beautiful weather I can remember, and to read my magazine. A few pages in I found article called "Lying Low," talking about how to deal when things are falling apart, and you can't do anything to put them back together. Timely.
often i just tell him to google it himself since he's always in front of the computer anyway.
During yesterday’s homily, my mind got trapped between the time of the Resurrection and the age of the smiley icon. I wondered: would Thomas the Apostle not have doubted the good news that Jesus was resurrected if he had something like an emoticon to make him believe? Then I realized that he did – he did believe after seeing and touching Jesus’ scars. Jesus’ scars were Thomas’ smiley icons. Mind you, he didn’t believe it at once upon seeing the resurrected Jesus himself – the sentence in this case – until the whole scene was punctuated by his demand to see and touch the healed wounds.
Is it true that “the more ‘devout’ a Muslim, the more likely he is to be ‘violent,’” and is it also true that “moderating process cannot happen if the Koran continues to be regarded as the unalterable word of Allah”? While certainly not all devout Muslims are terrorists, virtually all Islamic terrorists are devout Muslims.
Martha is am alumni of CLASS and is available to speak at Women's Retreats, conferences, and luncheons on topics of interest to women of all ages.
Such a development would be troubling in any country, but that is particularly true for Mauritania, which suffers from serious deficits in governance and an easy availability of arms. The insecurity is even more pronounced in the north of the country given its proximity to the Western Sahara, a conflict-ridden territory. Cross­border traffic of illicit products with the Western Sahara has been a booming industry, with the Polisario Front, which is fighting for the Western Sahara’s independence from Morocco, dominating the supply side of arms to Mauritania. A 2008 report by the Mauritanian Department of National Security estimates that the number of uncontrolled weapons in Mauritania stands at 70,000. This “has led to a wave of criminality due to the fact that it is easier and easier to procure arms of different types and calibres, including weapons of war,” according to a study by the Small Arms Survey.
Some members of the congregation had raised some pastoral concerns with the Archdeacon and he discussed these with the Reader.
This week, they’re explaining that it won’t be allowed during the Olympic Games to tweet, share on Facebook or in any way share your photos of the event. I have trouble to understand this rules and how they will prevent thousand of spectators from doing it! The London 2012 conditions state: ‘Images, video and sound recordings of the Games taken by a Ticket Holder cannot be used for any purpose other than for private and domestic purposes and a Ticket Holder may not license, broadcast or publish video and/or sound recordings, including on social networking websites and the internet more generally, and may not exploit images, video and/or sound recordings for commercial purposes under any circumstances, whether on the internet or otherwise, or make them available to third parties for commercial purposes.’
On weekends you can find a unique experience at People’s Square. The Marriage Market. Mothers and fathers gather to seek a suitable spouse for their son or daughter. Brokers assist in finding the perfect match, evaluating criteria such as; age, weight, height, occupation, and family lineage.
Chokes and suffocates in my throat
The agency's executive director, retired senior public servant Phil Charko, is being paid about $150,000 a year to work part time. Now, all in, this isn't much more than chump change. One hopes that the culture of waste and reward described isn't more widespread. But it's another example of a Canadian government not very good at fiscal planning, atop its reputation for fiscal non-disclosure.
1 TBSP. ground cinnamon
Michael Price – Liberian Man
If you've been wondering what's been going on with my New England vacation...well, it's been a vacation. After a great breakfast at the Roadhouse Wednesday morning, we drove over to Worcester, where we toured Clark University and Holy Cross College on a beautifully breezy sunny day. We then headed up the road to our motel in Bedford, surrounded by piney woods and swamps. We off-loaded, rested a bit, and then went up to Woodman's in Essex for fried clams (which Woodman's claims to have invented in 1916, and they were quite good), lobster, and all that jazz. We walked the scenic harborside in Gloucester, drove along the seaside towns, and then, really, stopped to see GI Joe on the way back. Hey, it's summer vacation! No movie reviews on STAG.
"The battle of Anghiari" was painted by Leonardo in 1505 to commemorate the 1440 battle on the plain of Anghiari between Milan and the Italian League led by the Republic of Florence, which emerged as the most important power in central Italy. In 1503, the Gonfaloniere Piero Soderini commissioned Leonardo to decorate the wall in the Hall of 500 in Palazzo Vecchio, the seat of government in Florence.
Oh, will we learn before we sleep?
Mister Lonely
She is my sunshine! - whenever i get a message from her on my voicemail, asking me to leave work to play with her, or her running into my arms ~ this little princess is my world! .. she can not get any sweeter, smarter, happier, or divine! - she is just a bottle of perfection! ~ i will be her Tinkerbell flier, fort maker, and secret teller for as long as i live! *promise*
As long as you've covered those two points, I'll put all the entries into a hat and draw out the winner.
If you are interested in purchasing Zoya products, you are welcome to use my Zoya Share The Love Link. By clicking on my link and creating a new account, you earn a coupon for a FREE bottle of Zoya Nail Lacquer and if you add two more lacquers to your order you earn FREE shipping!! The coupon will appear in the "My Coupons/Promos" section of your "My Account" page. Hope you have a great weekend and see you back here on Monday!
On a more serious note, my grandmother was taken to the hospital last night with chest pains and dangerously low blood pressure. Please keep her in your prayers. Her name is Mary.
I see it with some people who I work with, and I see it with some amazing people whom I love and adore till the ends of the world.
He wound up following his father into diplomacy and, of course, becoming one of the greatest writers of his generation, along with his friend Gabriel Garcia Marquez. The books of Fuentes were -- like the man himself -- a melange of age and youth, politics, philosophy, popular culture and sexuality.
I hope to make deeper connections with each of you!
Jim McDonald, Sri Lanka Country Specialist in Amnesty International USA, stated that at least 14 media workers have been killed in Sri Lanka since 2006, with no one being convicted for these murders.
Tweeddale was also plagued by debt throughout the Restoration period and in 1686 he was forced to sell off all of his Peeblesshire estates to satisfy creditors. At the Revolution in late 1688, Tweeddale completed another political volte-face and backed William of Orange against James VII. He also restored his family’s fortunes. In December 1694 he was elevated 1st Marquis of Tweeddale and made 1st earl of Gifford by William II & III. On his death in 1697, his son was able to commission the fashionable Scottish architect, James Smith, to build a new residence, Yester House, at the family’s seat at Gifford in East Lothian.
Step 2: Cut each leaf horizontally at the point where the kale stem seems to become too thick to easily chew.
From GoodReads: This is a book about a brother and a sister. It’s a book about secrets and starting over, friendship and family, triumph and tragedy, and everything in between. More than anything, it’s a book about love in all its forms.
Detective Chief Inspector Alan Edwards said: 'These girls are being passed around and used as meat. Read more
the master calls and faster we ride
Surprisingly enough for a whole month my mother did stop drinking. She began AA meetings, met Helen sober once a week and got us enrolled back into school. She applied for grants to buy us new clothes, made the court custody appearances that had been proceeded by my stepfather and even started talking about taking us on holiday. And then one day I returned home from school and she was lolling naked on the floor pouring out a glass of Vodka. “I've started drinking again!” she stammered, “but I suppose you fucking knew that already!” Spread out on the bed, sucking on a B&H, was Tony, her AA sponsor and the person she was supposed to call if she was having a crisis. He just laid there looking shot and blowing smoke rings to the ceiling.
The really important consequence, and I can't stress this enough, is that there's (still) ABSOLUTELY NO POINT spamming your Twitter feed with plugs for your work; a handful of tweets, well spread out over several days, arranged to catch the key time zones, around release time, is all you should go for. Instead of wasting everyone's time plugging, use Twitter for actually networking with other authors (which is still important; I've learned more about writing that way than from anything else in my life) and work on getting good reviews for your book so that Amazon's automated system will plonk it in front of ordinary customers.
I’ve become a bit of a yoga junkie. Even when I felt lousy on Friday afternoon, in the throes of an oncoming cold, I found the will to go to the Y and settle into a Hot Yoga class before turning in for the evening. I actually made it to a yoga class five days in a row last week. After being huddled over books or a computer screen hours on end, good, deep stretching makes a WORLD of difference. I’m not especially good at yoga. I’ve never been flexible. Remember those flexibility tests administered in elementary P.E. classes? I always had a negative score on them. It is only in the past few years that I’ve become able to touch my toes (on occasion). I did some prayerful stretching during my last year of ministry in my first call. And I did prenatal yoga with a d.v.d. throughout much of second (and third?) trimesters. But a class? No thank you. Wasn’t interested. Now I can’t get enough.
Park: It means something.
I figure an update is needed here. It's just a little too much to put
Serves about 5.
three capri-sun pouches (the ratio of straw wrappers to pouches is wrong and that’s just off-putting now, isn’t it?)
mules – backless slip-on shoes with a slight heel
phew! what a long post! Lol, It's my first time to blog like this hahaha, I really don't write that much as you may notice in my previous post because I'm not really good in english, but this project forced me to do so lol, please bear with me ok? I hope you still understand what I'm talking about here Lol...
Logo Designs
After some tedious moments, you can now download your Australian Franciscan-Roman Calendar below. If you wish to receive the iCal file to import into your Outlook Calendar or Google Calendar, please email me by clicking here.
Start with sausage. It's not even healthy, so it's totally easy. The butchers around Howard County grind their own meat into a variety of varieties -- breakfast sausage at Boarman's, Italian pork at Laurel Meat Market, chorizos in Family Market or Lily's Mexican Market. Even Harris Teeter sells excellent spicy chicken sausage.
If nothing else, the story makes for some great tourist appeal as thousands have pictures taken with the Ogopogo statue each year. And monsters or not, the Okanagan Valley is a great place for a summer vacation. Kelowna is a center of accommodations and attractions, but the cities of Vernon and Penticton also are on the shores of spectacular Lake Okanagan. In late summer, fresh fruit abounds with cherries an especially tasty treat. There are also numerous wineries in the area. Surrounded by mountains, the valley has a relatively temperate climate and summers on the lake are conducive to swimming and boating. The Okanagan Valley is an absolutely wonderful destination. And who knows. while there you might see Ogopogo out in the lake.
The singer tweeted this evening: ‘It’s always been a childhood dream of mine to get a No.1 single! Thank you so much to everyone who bought Young. Xx’
Do not rinse it, but take a shower cap and sat on his head for 30 minutes anyway. A few people prefer to add something to it. All it takes is a female louse to reproduce 150 lice. Even if children recognize that there is something moving in the hair, surely, they are already infected with lice since.
Some would call her a widow, while others will say she is in mourning
O, Nikki!
Subscribe to several offers Rake back! This can be surprising published but registering on several sites you can redeem more serenely bad run and manage your cravings. This can also have multiple bankroll. Do keep all your eggs in one basket!
This series already had a lot going against it. Josh Keaton being replaced by Drake Bell, the goofy asides, Man of Action as one of the major groups behind the show, but most importantly of all, the fact that this show is being followed shortly after the untimely death of the Spectacular Spider-Man animated series. Spectacular was able to fend off all the hate about its animation style and formed what most Spidey fans consider the best Spider-Man cartoon of all time. It was able to take on elements from multiple Spidey comics and successfully mesh them all together into one solid universe. Gwen Stacey was the love interest, Harry Osborn was a fellow nerd with well fleshed out daddy issues, Kong and Flash were a tag-team of sorts as school bullies that didn’t come off as too Saturday morning cartoon… even the special features from season one of the series mentioned that the creative team involved in writing for the series made a point to avoid using as much new characters as possible that weren’t from the comics since they knew that their main focus wasn’t to create something entirely new from the ground-up, but to breathe new life into the stories from the comics that fans identify as being Spider-Man through and through.
That said, here are some more goodies from my email:
I did wonder when I later saw Quentin Tarentino’s excellent movie Pulp Fiction – where one central character is killed then comes back to life because the plot does a back-flip in time – if he had written the film in chronological order, realised it lacked tension, then simply swapped some of the pages round to make it more interesting.
I always protest vociferously (love that phrase by the way) upon return to Norway from a winter holiday. It's my thing. But I usually bounce back pretty quick. Too much effort to be mopey, you know?
This morning when the Newsletter team was labeling the newsletter, I got a text. ”Your letters and labels don’t match. They are way off.” Each month we send our monthly 12-page ministry newsletter to pastors and include a letter updating the churches with what has happened during the month. Puzzled, I texted back.
Now it's standing on my desk and every time I look at it all I can do is giggle. It's hideous and absurd and preposterous. I mean, look at it! It's laughable ^^
Begin to live while you still can.
5. CharlElie Couture "Les Gestes Gratuits" 3:43
For guys they’re thinking home run derby firecrackers
This isn't cheap dining. You can find a main at $29 for homemade gnocchi but the rest move upwards from $42. Steaks on the woodfire grill start at $45 for the grass fed 200g Angus fillet and top out at $140 for the dry aged grain fed one kilogram Angus T-bone (recommended to share among the table).
And his creative approach changed a lot. After a short-lived realist period in the 1940s, Kraft went on to embrace surrealism, then cubism, abstract expressionism, complete expressionism and, by the early 1970s, a return to figurative work.
39. In 2001, the five most valuable brand names in order were Coca-Cola, Microsoft, IBM, GE, and Nokia.
2. Whatever Hitler did for public speaking…. DO THAT…. (without the racism and hand gestures and trying to take over the world, but mostly the hand gestures)
And I bet when you exploded into my heart
There are others who doubt this possibility, though for different reasons:
This doesn't sound light hearted at all, which is why you want to avoid describing your novel in a query letter. Let ME figure out the right adjective to apply. And who exactly is going to read this?
"They both soon became active business men, were sailmakers by trade, and kept a large and profitable establishment; first in John street near William, which afterward became the first meeting place of the Methodists; and afterwards at No. 86 Wall street. George soon refused to make sails for the British. He was too much of a patriot for that. During the early part of the Revolution he was captain of a military company, and while in New Jersey, was taken prisoner by the British and confined several years in New York before
President Obama stated,
That brings me to a useful app I discovered for the iPhone and iPad (what was life like before those devices?) that can help in re-framing our thoughts when we have to do it on our own. The app is called Thought Diary, developed by a company called happtic. This app gives you an opportunity to catch negative thoughts throughout the day and re-frame them as soon as they come up.
The proper thing to say at this juncture is, probably, “Well, fuck.”
SHD: We haven't heard any good stations yet, but hopefully . . . We're thinking of forming one ourselves, but who knows if it will happen.
As for my retirement savings, I think I can manage to dip my hands into it without completely razing my account to the ground. I may have been reckless with my moolah in my youth, but I would like to think I am so much wiser with my finances now.
Having looked at some of the links I was sent, it's apparent there's a similar 'industry' on this topic just as there is with Holocaust denial, and for much the same reasons..there's money and notoriety in it.Don't waste the electrons.
Azon Bird = 9-Nijon Bird + Jucan Bird (Change Maker of Time-Zime Realisation)
I did not have the luxury of being so particular.
Sunday we ate breakfast and shopped a bit more before heading back to real life. It was a great weekend away and it was great to be able to spend such a special time with my family and a great friend. Now, without further ado, pictures!
Checking all the usual haunts of our spotted residents it appeared they too had left the area on the long weekend as we came up empty handed. Not even a track or sign anywhere to be found. Lets hope they return tomorrow but failing finding them I'm sure there will be plenty out
John eventually wandered upstairs obviously assuming an overreaction on my part. But since Moe was standing on the bed peering over the headboard on full alert I think we had a confirmed critter violation. It obviously didn’t involve a human since Lola was sleeping and only woke up to see what the excitement was about before going back to sleep. Of course by this time, there really wasn’t much to see although John did use the flashlight to check under the bed and yes, gripe about too much crap under that bed (the area under beds is a natural extra storage space and I was in no mood to get into that discussion)!
I hope you all had a wonderful week. I had a nasty case
As the night drew to a close people got up and starting leaving. Krishna Das sat on the stage and greeted people who wanted photos and autographs. I wasn’t particularly interested in all that, just to say hello was enough for me. The line to meet him was quite long but my mum was very eager so we got up there quickly. As we were only a few people away from meeting him I watched as people took photo after photo. Then it suddenly occured to me that I was about to meet a man who had been nothing less than life changing for me, and for the life of me I couldnt think of anything to say. That is fairly typical of me. As my turn come around I stood there in front of Krishna Das and nearly choked on my words, I must have had the most rediculous smile. All that came out of my mouth was something about love and gratitude, I even told him that I didnt have anything earth shattering to tell him. He just laughed and smiled, then gave me a big warm hug that felt like eternity. For that moment with him, he paid full attention to me. He didnt look away and listened to me as if I was the only person in the room, and for that one minute his whole universe was focused on me. He did that with each person and I wondered how after years of meeting and greeting people that he never seemed tired. For about an hour he sat and spoke to anyone that wished to meet him. I just stood in awe, smiling at the graceful presence of this man. My whole family all stayed back and chatted to him after everyone else had left. We talked about his travels through India and the people there. It was true magic.
8 cycles each 1 minute rest between
Where will your vacation take you this summer? London? Paris?The French Riviera? If you want to fly by private jet, it’s not too early to start planning. Booking a private jet flight to Europe requires very special expertise. There are dozens of fees, permits and other considerations that you or your travel consultant need to know about to ensure a successful trip.
Well, that Sunday Albert was home, they had a hot gammon,
So: is a venture in the works? Although this is ‘personal’ money Roop has taken home, I maintain the prediction I made eight months ago: that Liz Murdoch has not been brought in to provide a nice figure in the boardroom. Of all the old boy’s progeny, she is by far the most talented. She’s also the only one who has made it without Dad. She is, too, the apple of his eye. There is a growing awareness in the Murdoch clan as a whole that, one way or another, they’re going to lose control of Newscorp: which may itself wind up too tainted and capable of eating itself to be a sensible long-term vehicle anyway. Never, never underestimate this family….it is always planning further ahead than most.
I hope you all are having a wonderful and blessed weekend! I have a few cards to share, I made them yesterday. I used Digital images from SBC, Tiddly Inks, Netty's Cards, Meljen's, Polly Crafts and Limited Runs. I used Pattern Papers from Jillibean Soup, Die Cuts with a View, Karen Foster and
Now all I needed was a pattern.
- Washable fabric lining with large pouch pockets for makeup and four elastic holders for bottles
That's one of the things you don't want to hear when your makeup goal is to look like you have no makeup on.
Note: This is part of my Watching Movies in Africa project. Cobra Woman was screened numerous times at Kumasi's Rex cinema in January 1951. The Ashanti Pioneer of January 18, 1951 includes a brief piece credited "By Our Film Critic," though the terminology employed owes more to the vocabulary of advertising than that of journalism: “Do you like the beautiful, are you fascinated by the mysterious, do you take to the colourful? If so, you cannot spend a more
You will do anything it takes, short of larceny, fraud, blackmail and murder. You may have cut yourself loose, but the tiger chained to your ankle has come right along with you. He will always be with you, until the day you turn him loose by an effort of will. The day you leave the road to riches.
Briefly, she wondered if the pain in her chest was the result of that. Her lungs could be rotted, and just hanging there useless in her chest.
Switch off the flame and strain it through a fine sieve. Let the syrup cool completely.
The t-shirts have a 90% smaller carbon footprint than an average cotton t-shirt and represent how fashion can be part of the solution to climate change. They are organic, ethically-made and manufactured by renewable green energy.
Vinge's climax is suitably mind boggling. This epic combines the flash and dazzle of old-style space opera with modern, polished thoughtfulness.
If you are in need of help in ending a pornography addiction, the resources are plentiful.
I note the occasion only to trumpet Fortnum & Mason one more time. I visited there a couple of years ago on a tea junket. Their Grey Dragon Oolong is still one of my favorites, and the store is a delightful shopping experience, especially compared to the tourist insanity of Harrod's.
Papi followed this up with, "I didn't spray on the toilet or the floor and the seat was already up!"
The paper, which operates out of a building owned by Ridgewood Bushwick, is a more sophisticated version of the kind of mailers that elected officials typically send to constituents, consisting of short articles and photographs of city and state leaders attending Ridgewood Bushwick-sponsored events in Lopez’s district.
Such is the influence of the “Badiss” that COP Leader Prakash Ramadhar suddenly remembered that he too had a mandate in the Parliament not as Kamla Rani’s stooge, but as the representative of a demographic, and he took to the television to make clear that his party in no way supported the attack on reporter Andre Bagoo and the Newsday.
safe tonight
Meaning: This style of ribbon is a symbol for miscarriage, stillbirth, and infant death due to SIDS or other causes.
Cyberpunkers
4. TV Series.
sleeping in separate beds, as M has to lay diagonal across the double bed because he’s so fucking tall). And the baby and girls are in the room right next to us. Needless to say, our sex life is currently lack, but we are working it out, being creative…
That’s right, Marvel Prez Bill Jemas and EIC Joe Quesada hatched a test for the Might Marvel Maestros: Since you are the best artists and writers in the biz, we challenge you to tell a story using visuals only. After all, if a picture is worth a thousand words, then a comic book filled with images only would be worth…well, more words than the Collector could count.
Lead singer Bóas recalls what got the Reykjavík! motor fired up in the first place. “Bands start outwith one mission, and that is to have as much fun as they can! We just got together and started making music. A few people might start out thinking about how their music is going to change the world, how
There are so many of us out there. Aspiring authors, bloggers (whether established or beginning), industry peeps, even published authors, all of whom want to build their online platforms. We write insightful posts and articles, actively blog within the blogosphere, take part in challenges, competitions, and contests galore.
5. Simmer for 5 minutes.
I was so thrilled, I forgot that in this contest, writers get feedback for their submissions.
But the bottom line is that the simple idea that if I binge (due to their behavior), then THEY win, can help me stay in control.
Hat:Banana Republic
The proposed site called Purple Haze would be 70 hectares; that’s 157 football pitches in size and run alongside the B3081. It would generate 250,000 tonnes of sand and gravel a year. The site would then be used as landfill before being restored to heathland.
So I suppose this blog is about facing challenges and not giving up. I should face my challenges and not give up.
But it is kind of exciting to think about what lies in store. I have absolutely no idea what I will encounter in the months ahead. But He does. And that brings me so much comfort. I love knowing that I don't need to be in control of this journey. I don't need to waste one single minute worrying about what is going to happen (although that easier said than done...), because Jesus already has it taken care of. I just get to sit back and wait for Him to reveal things to me, one day at a time. I love knowing that He will help me fill all those blank pages.
both of us still, but she more still than me.
But this is a new age of parenting amongst the middle class world
I found these little plastic raisers for painting furniture at Ace Hardware recently. I thought they were a pretty genius, but simple, idea. They just lift whatever you're painting slightly off the ground (or whatever your surface is) so that you don't get the sticking that you do when you paint pieces laying on the floor or a dropcloth. Also, the point of the triangle makes a minimal mark, so you can go ahead and turn your piece over and paint it pretty quickly and you just have a teensy little dot to touch up later (if you want). This was the first time I'd tried them, and they were great!
A video by MEDIA RAKYAT featuring Suaram director Cynthia Gabriel and PKR Selayang MP (also a lawyer) William Leong.
Maybe it was the way she’d said it or maybe it was just me. But I fell silent almost immediately and found myself staring at the window of my car.
Don't worry. No one was hurt thankfully.
How wrong can you be? There I was in the car park of Tesco, loading some San Miguel into the boot of the car and before you know it a sack was thrown over my head and I was bundled into the back of a Ford Transit. Who are you? What do you want? I cried with fear in my voice as I heard and felt the van speed away.
- ava woke up this morning and when she didn't see emerie right away she started asking, "emmm?" until she saw emerie - then she started squealing and yelling, "emmm!". it pretty much made my day - what a great way to start your morning!
“The kids are trying; they just lack the correct references.”—Paul Reid
Me: yeah, but I don’t want him jumping into a pot of gold by himself.
When I was a little girl, I was told that someday I might come home from school and no one would be there because all the good people in the world would have been swept up in The Rapture. And that I, no question, would be left behind because (for reasons I am still not clear on) I was not a good girl.
Touch wood
In any event, I decided I'd pop my Tribeca cherry and go to a screening this year. But, because I absolutely refuse to pay a whopping $16 for a regular-admission ticket, I decided to pick a film that would be showing during a matinee time—before 6 p.m. on weekdays—on a Friday, a regular day off for me; then, I'd only have to pay $8. And because I anticipate possibly having to stick around in East Brunswick this coming Friday, I decided that yesterday's 3:45 p.m. screening of up-and-coming Philippine director Brillante Mendoza's fourth feature, Lola (2009), would quite possibly be the only Tribeca Film Festival screening I'd be attending this year.
5. Fucking in secret – having sex, masturbating, or having a guy masturbate me, right in front of people who have no clue what we’re doing, is an absolute fail-safe for making me cum. On a crowded subway train or bus, when everyone’s jammed up against each other, I often get my guy to start fingering me, because I just love the thrill of looking at other people’s oblivious faces, while he has his hand on my pussy. Even thinking about it, as I’m writing it, is making me tingle. It’s not exhibitionism, because if the person standing next to me suddenly realized what we were doing, that doesn’t excite me one bit. I think it’s just us knowing, that’s enough for me. That secret bit of knowledge, really turns me on.
“It’s getting harder and harder to capture these animals because every year there’s less of them,” Mr. Brandt said. “So I’m actually taking longer and longer to take these photographs but my mission is still to try and show them as sentient creatures.”
You simply cannot make this shit up.
The gift of my voice
About half an hour before serving time, take the dishes out of the refrigerator and sprinkle caster sugar on top, as evenly as possible. Twirl it around to distribute them evenly.
Thanks to you ALL for being awesome and giving us so much love,
Do you feel like you could be sabotaging your efforts?
What’s really helped me over the past six months is learning about emotions and negative associations which are just ideas ,beliefs or notions we hold Unconsciously, In one of my post I mentioned about setting a monthly program to asses your emotional state that would give you clarity about yourself, (soul survivor) is the post ,the real point is about discover what you really need and not the substitute.
42 days on Bike (incl last 15 days in a row)
There are three people in our office who you might think of as "assistants." They are not. They are godsends. They are incredibly valuable, and I treasure them. These are the people who sort the mail, run the manuscripts through the xerox, prepare the UPS shipments, order the office supplies, and answer the phone. They are worth every penny they get paid, and should be paid a lot more.
Poor Squirt kept coming in to see if Buzz was ready to play. He also made him little lego designs and some christmassy pictures to cheer him up.
Pinterest is an online "pin board" (design board) that allows you to "pin" (or bookmark) things/ideas/inspirations you find on the internet. To quote their definition...
Again this video needs to be watched or the audio listened to by me about once a month. It is that reveling and that powerful I promise it will affect your perspective. Trust me.
Important note regarding car seats and winter in general: Please, for the love of safety, do not put your baby in a bulky or fluffy snow suit or coat. The fabrics compress in a crash and leave room for the baby to fly out of the seat. One test to see if the coat is too bulky? Put the baby in the car seat while wearing it and tighten the straps appropriately. Then, without loosening the straps, take the baby out and remove the coat. Put the baby back in the seat without changing the tightness of the straps. With a fluffy snowsuit your reaction will probably be OMG THERE IS SO MUCH SLACK THAT IS SO SCARY OMG WHY DO THEY EVEN SELL THESE THINGS? We use a one-layer fleece jacket and the above fleece carseat cover and she's perfectly warm. If she needs to come out of her carseat and be in the cold, I bring a warm blanket, but really - when does that ever happen? Once she's out of the infant seat it will occur more, but that's when the ingenius "backwards coat" trick comes into play - once they are strapped into the carseat, put their big heavy fluffy coat over them backwards. Brilliant!
could do His works. That is the difference between religion and true
Jaejoong chuckled. “And I never thought you care to human like this.”
If you would like a copy of today's freebie you can download it here. Don't forget today is the last day to download the Bunches of Love kit. Tomorrow the links will expire so be sure to pick up any parts you may have missed. Enjoy the rest of your day.
~Lauren
Sorry I didn't get around to writing a blog until so late but I had a really busy day at work today and then as soon as I got off of work I went to pick up Kobe from my Mamma's house. It was 9 pm by the time I got home and we still had to eat. I am going to make this blog post short and sweet so I can get my lil men to sleep.
Enjoy life!
Flavor: After the initial refreshing sensation of the cool liquid, an immediate hop presence is experienced, with a firm hand shake and slap on the back for the taste buds in the mouth. Then a sharper hop flavor, not quite citric, not quite metallic, washes through the aromatic sensors and remain comfortably ensconced on the rear of the pallet.
Key findings:
My husband is always using my body scrub and then complaining about it smelling "girly" (how is grapefruit girly?). So, I made him his own.
Confectioners' sugar, for dusting
McFadden is notoriously flamboyant in his play and strikes against France and Holland assured him a place in Scottish football history.
Having finally gotten some sleep, I'm feeling a little more coherent than I have been. It also helps, to be honest, that I have absolutely no obligations tomorrow, other than a few tasks for work, some of which I will complete tonight. I'm hoping to spend the day doing boring things, like laundry. I guess you might say I've had enough adventure to last me a while.
Law enforcement tracking of cellphones has become a powerful and widely used surveillance tool for local police, with hundreds of departments large and small using it aggressively with little or no court oversight, the New York Times reports. Cellphone companies are marketing a catalog of “surveillance fees” to determine a suspect’s location, trace phone calls and texts, or provide other services.
One essay down, another to go, and a Powerpoint to create – let’s do this!
When we started this blog just over four years ago, it was intended to be a way to bring our music books to the attention of a wider audience. We quickly dropped the idea of mentioning events in music generally - other bloggers are doing that better than we could - and instead concentrated on stories from our authors and excerpts from our broad range of books on classical music. Many of you seemed to enjoy it and a flattering number of other music bloggers linked to it or referenced it, including Alex Ross and the mighty Overgrown Path.
Eddie Murphy returns in yet another comedy in A Thousand Words. This Murphy film is about having valuable life lessons and consequences on every word one speaks.
So today, I’d like to acknowledge all mothers and fathers out there today, for their tireless commitment to their families on the weekend (and weekdays!). Without my mum, I wouldn’t have everything that I have today. I wouldn’t be able to swim, play piano, be educated etc. So thanks mum!
This isn't so much about the Broncos, which is good since they are playing poorly, but more about the Steelers. Pittsburgh is on the road in the thin air of Denver. They will be without three important starters including their fantastic C Maurkice Pouncey. QB Big Ben is banged up, not moving well, and the Steelers' running game has struggled all season--making them a throwing team. All this could help the Broncos defense generate several much-needed turnovers. Turnovers that have been missing during their losing streak.
So an interpretations of the findings congenial to conservatives is more than possible. Judis and those he quotes, however, strain to find a more elaborate interpretation that is some way derisory of conservatives. But in doing so Judis falls into a trap common among psychologists and other Leftists: He lives in such a self-protective Leftist bubble that he basically just does not know what conservatism is or what conservatives think. For decades now, psychologists have been devising questionnaires that allegedly "measure" conservatism but which in fact give no prediction of vote at all! The ludicrous Bob Altemeyer is the most recent example of that. The highpoint of such ignorance, however, would have to be the 2003 "Berkeley" study which classified various Communist leaders as conservatives. That Communists and conservatives have radically different views about the world had apparently not penetrated the ivory towers of UCB!
I had author, Rachel Safier, choose one of the entrants and she chose CHRISTINE of NJ because ... in Rachel's own words:
I also decided to focus more on pictures of "things" instead of people. I love to take pictures of my cute kids but sometimes pictures of things can tell even more of a story then just a picture of their faces and I have plenty of pictures of their faces :) Plus this changes it up a little bit this week.
I like to talk about technology, ABBA, Six Million Dollar Man, Bionic Woman, music, old shows, tech gadgets like iPods etc.
tinamarie
Now I know why I have this emptiness in me. I don't have you, or you don't have me. Now that I have most of the things I always wanted, I can see the ones that were missing, which made no difference, until I notice it.
There are three schools in the area, Gaelscoil Mhachan, Nagle Community College and Scoil na Croise Naofa. Mahon is the birthplace of Wayne Sherlock of Blackrock H&F Club and Cork GAA. His honours include three All-Ireland titles, five Munster titles and an All Star award.
A week in review of sorts: I enjoyed a growler of Powerhouse Pale Ale from Rock Bottom Yorktown this evening. I don't recall the Powerhouse coming across so dry. It's quite tasty, with a toasted malt accent and piney hops. It's really a good pale ale for summer. Picked it up Friday night after a dinner of Ahi tuna salad which was quite tasty and paired with a Nitwit wheat ale.
The only thing she asked for specifically this year was to get her ears pierced. Well, 'asked' isn't exactly the right word for it. 'Nagged' is a bit weak as well. She never came so far as to 'insist', but after the second month of negotiations, she did start to talk about it as if it were a foregone conclusion. A rather brilliant strategy, if you ask me. By early May, she had her father asking me, "So? When are you taking her to get it done?"
"Snippets from Sedona" will be occasional posts that give a Sedona-eye's-view of the world, in her own words. Hopefully you'll get to know her personality a little, her unique take on life, and gain a little insight into the mind of one of those supposedly dastardly, dreadful "fighting Pit Bulls".
What does this mean? Well… it means absolutely nothing, except that, perhaps in this case, it will probably be fairly short. This has nothing to do with the number, and much more to do with having to use a broken keyboard (I am away with my children for the weekend, and using a borrowed laptop).
or sing for no reason
But after the plumber moved the valve and told me how to seal around the drain clean out he noticed some corrosion on the back of the hot water pipe. It turns out that there was a pin point hole in the pipe and it would have eventually caused a really large leak in our new bathroom.
Repeat the procedure with the remaining dishes and once the caramel has hardened, chill in the refrigerator for a further 20-30 minutes and then serve.
E - Evenings. They are the best after a long, hot, windy day. Especially if we have a full moon. You can´t imagine the peace and the tranquility you feel, when sitting outside after such a day.
Distinctive in character
On a side note. I have had a suggestion to consider a Weekly/Monthly Wrap Up Meme (linky) for us Aussies. I feel that weekly may be more than I am able to commit to but Monthly is possibly doable.
Also, Marcus is beat up a fair bit by the Seal People, Esca is bruised and bloodied in the gladiatorial ring, and Marcus does have surgery twice: only once time is it depicted, though, and we only see the surgeon's knife hovering above the purple-red-yuck wound in his leg. Esca holds him down as he writhes and groans in pain, but they only show the beginning of the operation before cutting to afterward, when he's back in bed, unconscious. The Seal Prince is killed by Marcus, who, seeing as their fighting in the middle of a wide creek, shoves his head under the water until he stops thrashing. We see his face, eyes open, and definitely dead, beneath the water for a short bit.
11) My hair is about 40% white. No, not grey, white. I dye it red. Getting white hair early runs in the family; my mom and grandma both had completely white hair before they were out of high school. Mine didn't start 'til I married the Ex.
-Your Favorite Stretchable T-shirt or Tank: make sure the t-shirt or tank you use as your pattern stretches too!
1986 Angels Smokey Bear #22
the domed room of the winds, survives
The print is very cute and childish. It takes the sweetness to an extreme. I personally prefer sweet prints that look very Japanese. I'm pretty sure that I could find similar bears at the fabric store by my place. ;P
If they wanted a truly strange change, they could have made one where Frankenstein's monster changes into the Bride! But that would have been a little ahead of it's time.
“In the day when God shall judge the secrets of man by Jesus Christ according to my gospel.”
Honey: No, I will go look at some more houses on-line
Alan Rudolph (Choose Me)
“Clench your fists as tightly as possible, exerting every ounce of energy! While in this tense state, sharply jerk them in various directions! This will eventually impart to you a crushing hand-grip!”
As described in their blog post discussing the origins of the idea of ifttt, the whole concept revolves around triggers and actions. While you can create your own, there are hundreds if not thousands of preconfigured “recipes” that can read a specific trigger and initiate an action for you.
It is a fascinating, moving and clever re-interpretation of the story told in Jane Eyre. Frankly, it is remarkable and, also, it is genuinely unique in Rhys’ oeuvre – nothing else she wrote before compares with it in terms of its poetic, hallucinatory atmosphere; yet what is consistent ever-present in her writing, including within this novella, is the depth of Rhys’ psychological understanding of female isolation, anguish, subjugation and survival (in her oeuvre, her women characters, sadly, rarely have the opportunity to live and enjoy themselves; in this way, interestingly, she echoes Anita Brookner’s women, though the latter writer’s own seem always to have some ‘room of their own’, of financial independence, and often find some way eventually to live on their own terms, all be them compromised in some way from experience as a result of their dealings with men).
Then Sri Krishna said that he had clearly defined two different ways
What’s everyone’s favorite car singing songs? I personally am a fan of Somebody I Used to Know by Gotye (so many opportunities to harmonize and add stuff) and Take Care by Drake and Rihanna right now but that’s subject to change. Anyone else break out the car dancing? I’d love to hear what you all do!
Are you looking forward to these Tonner made dolls? Share your thoughts by leaving a comment!
1104 ***D-III/27/1991. “Hate Speech on Campus.” The School of Law, Texas Tech University, Lubbock, Texas. See Item C-1991(5), above. (Incorporated in Item C-1992, above, pp. 540-55, in Item B-8, above, pp. 3-19 (1997), and in Item B-11, above, pp. 3-19 (1999).)
The manager’s wife has taken this uncompromising doctrine to heart, afflicting her hapless husband with feelings of utter consternation. I know all of this because he has not shirked from updating me on his bedroom misfortunes. Indeed, he holds me personally responsible for them.
When my parents gave up having any food garden, we were probably secretly glad not just to get out of weeding in a mosquito and bug-filled garden, but also not to have kohl rabi at the table.
And the beer I had for breakfast wasn’t bad,
Optical images reveal a bright blue source at the position of the ULX during the X-ray outburst. Before the outburst the blue source is not seen. These results imply that the companion to the black hole in M83 is a red giant star, more than about 500 million years old, with a mass less than about four times the Sun’s. According to theoretical models for the evolution of stars, the black hole should be almost as old as its companion.
"Come over here, Pete. Let me show you this".
He was smiling.
However, as of now, the content structure is on paper. The next step is to use technology to encode and enforce the defined content structure.
Yet, while the new crimes sometimes involved black assailants and white victims, police said there's no evidence at this point that race was a motive. At least one of the suspects is white.
Kindness Jar - have the kids think about what kindness means and what are kind acts. Write on pieces of paper (maybe even had the kids draw little pictures) and add them to the Kindness Jar. You can easily just use a clean recycled jar or a plastic container. Use whatever you have on hand. Decorate it and add the kindness slips. A good way to think of practical acts of kindness. And, when the kids are not so kind to each other, make them pick a slip out of the jar and be kind instead.
YOUR IGNORANCE!
17. My mother taught me: RECEIVING.
Happy Holidays to one and all, that means all of the holidays. No matter what you celebrate, you are important to me. Blessings all over you and yours and may the new year be very kind to you.
What gives anyone the idea that “might makes right”? There’s the old adage the “sticks and stones can break my bones but names will never hurt me.” Well, that’s a lie. Name-calling can hurt, and can instigate stronger reactions, leading to unfortunate consequences…
‘No time, Ollie. We have to go now!’ She had that look he recognised from school mornings when he suddenly remembered he had to take gym kit. He always had to go back for that, no matter what.
DiS: The third track on the record 'Varuo' in particular reminds me of the final track from 2002's (), arguably your most underrated record to date. In hindsight, did you feel () was overlooked by certain sections of the media and is Valtari your way of rewriting the record books as it were?
Although the group argues that the four-man committee did not have the authority to make such a decision, it actually matters little. Every physical space in the occupied territories – whether privately owned or ‘state owned’, ‘legally’ obtained or ‘illegally’ obtained – is free game. The extremist Jewish settlers, whose tentacles are reaching far and wide, chasing out Palestinians at every corner, haven’t received such empowering news since the heyday of Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon.
On May 2, 2011 — election day — both clients “accessed Racknine within four minutes of each other,” using the same IP address, Mathews says in the court document.
Political, fast-paced, violent. (Oh, and on the grounds that no one expects the Irish Inquisition, deep.)
Thanks. I'll just look that up. Now, in a few words please say the purpose of your call. You can say things like "I want to pay my bill", or "I want new phone service." To speak to a service representative, say "agent".
See the cafe patrons through the windows of the streetcar? They are sitting across the street from the camera as the presumably fake trolley passes by. Faux or no, it is to great effect - Freund, thank you.
The first thing that I realized about the blogging process is that it’s not as easy as it seemed. Format, visual style, rhetoric, voice, and audience all matter, and matter to an extreme degree. Suddenly my writing audience grew from a single professor or at most a classroom of peers to anybody with access to the internet. I was given the opportunity, in a way, to decide who my audience should be, who I wanted to talk to about the television which I wanted to discuss.
Later, Mrs L#2 (she knows she’s 2 because it’s chronological and not because she’s substandard) arrives with another present of loveliness for me.
THANKS! Thank you to Kathleen and Shawna for their tips!
Other than really bad poetry and cheesy stories? My first novel, actually! To put it concisely, it’s a time-travel romance set in Napoleonic Europe…complete with villainous French agents and hot British spies. ☺ The manuscript is complete and in the editing stages, and I hope to one day publish it.
Dec 18 Grunspan Hamburg, Germany
You will need a lot more money
I’ve done a lot more playing with Photoshop, trying a few new things with mixed results. I am wondering if I may have to switch to having the mouse in my left hand for more precise use of some of the editing tools. In the meantime, here’s some of my newest stuff. My gosh, but that Richard Armitage is a fine-looking man!
IWSB continues to use technology to aid teaching. We have extensively used WEBINARs as the means to reach to vast student population across the country in facilitating understanding of business and entrepreneurship. We have significant road map ahead in this direction.
8 ever
10. Aside from needing to remember/locate important home information, it's also important to remember your mom's birthday. So the next tab is all about keeping track of those annual important dates.
While going through a large bag which contained her make up, a roach came out to say HI to me. I squealed, picked the bag up with 2 fingers, ran it through the house, and threw it out the front door. Oh HELL NO! My husband wants to know what I am going to say to her about the make up bag being outside. My first thought is 'If there was a roach in my bag I wouldn't want any of that shit.' So I said "I'll tell ya what, when she pays me back the hundred or so dollars for the air mattress they ruined, I will replace her make-up."
Cognitive deficits have been hypothesized to affect the efficacy of alcoholism treatment, although a clear association has not been established. One view finds that cognitively impaired patients may not be able to comprehend the information imparted during therapy and, thus, may not make full use of the strategies presented, thereby hampering recovery. Another view is that cognitive functioning may not directly influence treatment outcome, but may impact other factors that, in turn, contribute to treatment success (22). Focusing on those factors-such as improved nutrition, opportunities for exercise, careful evaluation of comorbid mental or medical disorders, and/or treatment strategies aimed at enticing the patient out of long-standing social isolation-ultimately may be more beneficial than focusing exclusively on recovery from alcoholism.
During my last semester at UPJ, I, along with several other group members, was tasked with planning and designing an entire ad campaign for a brand of our choice. We ended up deciding on athletic apparel company Under Armour which was founded in 1996 by Kevin Plank in his grandmother’s basement. The company’s unique moisture-wicking shirts caught on quickly and Under Armour now rubs shoulders against industry heavyweights like Adidas, Nike, and Reebok.
1/2 cup almond flour
It is widely assumed by the British that things in other countries, primiarly America, are much smaller here than there. It is true that some cars and houses are rather small as well as washing machines and refrigerators. But what most Brits do not tell the world is that most families own more than one refrigerator, car, and sometimes houses.
9:30 am wake up
Good job, sweetie! Now, stop getting bigger on us ;)
- The full name
“Molly Pitcher. She’s one of the few American female war heroines we have. During the Revolutionary War, she carried water for the soldiers and to cool the cannons. She also functioned somewhat as a nurse, and when her gunner husband fell, she manned his cannon. Shot the shit out of the enemy. Guts n’ grit. My kind of gal. You’d think they’d keep better care of the place, seeing as its a historical cemetery and all; but, they don’t. You’re not getting me in there, and absolutely not at midnight!” I took another hefty gulp of beer. Was I slurring?
The film centers on an incumbent candidate Cam Brady (Ferrell) who doesn’t expect to be opposed in his run for a fifth-term, but he finds an unexpected challenger in the unassuming and dim-witted Marty Huggins (Galifianakis).
If Satan is the adversary, who are the adversaries? Paul answers that question in 2 Corinthians 11:13-15.
What is a finely tuned, wise, smart, funny, witty, mellowed, broad to do? Roomie and I are considering the online options, as they seem to be the way to go, but is it true? Do those services really work? I know the local one I am paying for doesn't.... Does anyone out there know of soemone who found their one true love online? Please share, eh? Help a girl out.......
Smaller contractors spoke out in disagreement, saying that Holloway has no idea what is good for the little guy. One such contractor wished to remain anonymous in fear the district might take his contract away in retaliation, stating the GPS tracking devices were “strictly for (the school system) so they can cut our routes and save money.”
Today’s inspiration is another great animation from Theodore Ushev, Bashnia Tatlina Tower Bawher.
Our hope must be that the bold and innovative experiment that NEXT epitomised has only been suspended to allow a rigorous review of its fundamental assumptions and strategies, and that it will return and recapture the form that enthralled us all during its glorious run.
M3 – First of all, could you tell us a bit about yourself, and what it is that you do?
A Children’s Place
Because I, I, I love you
In the last few days of class before my break began we were let out ridiculously early, leaving me with plenty of time to bust out the sony ebook and read alongside all the fanny-pack adorned tourists at Darling Harbour.
Preheat the oven to 325°F. In a saucepan over low heat, gently melt the chocolate in the cream and vanilla. Lightly beat the egg using an electric mixer on lowest speed. While beating, slowly add the chocolate mixture, taking care not to incorporate air into the mixture. Beat for 15 seconds more. Arrange strawberries on the pie crust with their pointed ends facing up. Gently pour the filling over the berries without covering them completely. Bake until the centre is only slightly jiggly, 45 to 50 minutes*.
they throw me high fives
I quickly ran over to get my Colas as well. Mom had dutifully left them on the porch. That first coke is so darn delicious and refreshing. I put them in the freezer when I get home to chill them quickly.
In short, by giving women farmers access to training, capital, and technology, PALMS has given them more power, control and influence in their community –and enabled them to improve the economy of the entire country. And from atop a tractor, the future always looks brighter.
Just like this:
LYRIC: “What the papers say just seems to bring down heavier rain.”
2) What is the distinction between anger & aggression?
Your Moment of Parasol . . .
Alas, I talked myself into it for the sake of the children. I put on my boots and grabbed a flashlight, as did my son. I opened the door to the basement. The stench of death swirled up to my nostrils and I slammed the door shut. There were several sticky traps on the floor behind the door. Those sticky traps contained the remains of some mice and the corpse of a bat.
Like Pepper, he has a sound that’s immediately identifiable. It’s a sound that, like Pepper’s, holds both joy and heartbreak. And like Pepper, he’s hard—no, impossible—to pigeonhole. Swing, bebop, free: the label that’s capacious enough to contain him hasn’t been invented.
I rode over and here’s what I learned this weekend…
John Derbyshire is a national treasure. I don’t read him much these days, because he’s an opinion columnist, and I have little time for even the best. I spend my days and nights up to my armpits in the blood of white war victims, metaphorically speaking, and devote myself to factual reports, or to seeking to glean what facts can be found between the lines of reportorials, and those information-rich comments that made it past the censors at media Web sites. But every now and then I read, or re-read Derbyshire, who is a graceful prose stylist, witty, brilliant and heterodox, in the sense of straddling what is taken to be the divide between “neoconservatism” and “paleoconservatism.”
I liked Katie well enough but I have to admit Connor did annoy me a bit in this book. I get that the groundwork was laid a long time ago about him always having taken care of her but she is a grown woman, capable of making her own decisions and it’s stated many, many times that Dylan was honest with her about what he could offer and that he would eventually be moving on. I felt like Connor’s treatment of Dylan was pretty uncalled for and extremely overbearing, making him out to be some deliberate heartbreaker when it wasn’t the case at all and Katie agreed to something casual. Now of course this is Virgin River and it’s no spoiler to say it of course was always going to turn serious (characters all get their happy ever afters in these books, it’s a romance series after all) but Katie was in the mood for a fling and got it. Connor really could’ve turned down the overbearing alpha male just a fraction and it would’ve been a little more palatable!
Our brave investigators arrived in New Orleans after a close fight with a vampire. They talked to their local contact, agreed something was fishy and started digging. Soon they was convinced by a chatty physics professor that the stiff must have died some other way that was the police official story. He must have jumped from a hot air balloon, or something else flying fairly high up in the air. They also talked to some police men, including one guy who partook of the famous raid of 1907. When night fell, they started the real work, investigating a warehouse they had visited during the day.
it's little things like this that make me realize, yes, i am doing something right as her mother!
Part of the challenge for the men is finding an in-print jeans pattern. My staff informs me that there is one -- yes, one in-print men's jeans pattern, Kwik Sew 3504. Is this correct?
4. Prayer 7:42
In a joint press conference after the meeting, Kosovo’s Foreign Affairs Minister said that Kosovo is interested in seeing a calm and stable Macedonia, and pledged to enhance cooperation between the two countries.
Even though it’s really grief porn.
I knew things would be a bit different because, obviously, times had changed, but I quite fancied being in the Nashville Teens for a bit. I thought it would be great. They were playing at a club in Liverpool when I was back staying at my parents’ house and I got in touch with their management and said I was interested.
As a part of their mission, the Secret Service agents have a duty to protect all presidential candidates, and the agents have been spending a lot of time with the candidates. So the agents have simply picked up that behavior from Newt Gingrich.
I wanted to do dry/erase chore charts for my cub scouts, and I figured that I could get mirrors at the Dollar Tree and do that! Good idea, huh? I got all the stuff, and ended up getting Dry Erase markers at Costco, 16 for $10. Each of the boys could have one, and I'd still have some left overs. And I'd know that they would work for sure - LOL. Sometimes the Dollar Tree stuff doesn't work.
STORY TIME!- We had gone all over Fayettevile looking for the perfect bedroom set and we found it at Haverty's. We were quoted a price in February and we decided we would come back when Cameron got part of his bonus and purchase it then... So we go in today and Ellen (sales associate) quotes us a much higher price than we were originally promised... Earlier, Cameron and I devised a plan and if I touched his back he would say, We can go somewhere else... and it must of worked because all of a sudden Ellen started cuttin us a deal! We talked the lady down $250, and another $100 for shipping! It was cheaper than what the first sales associate quoted us so I jumped on it! Cameron and I just kept looking at each other with big grins on our faces while the lady was ringing us up. HA!
So book 2 is primarily dealing with the journey and the creatures. Got it.
About 10 policemen held my cousin, Adrian Low, who did not even resist arrest, twisted his arm and kicked him around. At one point, he failed to ward of the kicks with his right forearm while he was down on the road and they kicked his eye with their boots. He was sightless for a moment and they continued stomping his back – the boot prints are still visible on his back. Then he was accosted and brought to Dataran Merdeka (the PM said that the place was denied Bersih because the field symbolised our independence – yesterday, the field was used to detain peaceful patriots who wanted a better future for our nation). Adrian was with Wong Chin Huat and dozens of other detainees who were brutally beaten by the police. After that, they held him up by his two arms and the “police” continued punching his back and stomach. They then shoved him into the truck and drove him to Pulapol rather than the nearby police stations. The reason was to deny lawyers from entering Pulapol to attend to the detainees (they deliberately avoided police stations because those are accessible to the public and to lawyers). He was denied food, drink, phone calls (he lost his mobile phone when the “police” were beating him up) and worse still, no legal access or medical aid. Several hours later, they realised that his injuries were quite severe and that was when he was rushed to Hospital KL for medical checks. The doctors and nurses who attended to him were shocked to see his injuries and bruises. At about midnight, Adrian actually requested for the police to record down his details – they did not even take his Identity Card before this (more reason to believe that there was never any intentions to charge the detainees – only to have them beaten up). Other detainees who arrived at Pulapol earlier were taken to a separate room for a “brainwashing-ceramah” session! Thank God that Adrian survived the ordeal and was finally released at 2am. It is also to his credit that this ordeal had not dampened his spirits but in fact increased his determination to continue crusading for a better future for Malaysians.
I could not have put it better myself. When you get someone who skews to the left as much I do, an upstate Republican like Senator Alesi, and a conservative icon like George Will to agree on public policy…you have certainly created strange bedfellows. Clearly, something is amiss. Property rights are not safe. If you own property in an area targeted by the government and you do not want to sell, you are now a hostage. You are being mugged. It’s like you have no future. It makes no sense to improve your property. You can’t sell it on the open market. It’s hard to find tenants. Everybody, including you, knows that your property is marked for destruction. That is a problem.
Log mujhse kehte hain ki ab tum mechanical ho gayi ho..Just you and your career. But this is the way I am. They say I don’t socialize and I ask them why should I? If they don’t like me and my attitude they should better go and boil their head.
While I applaud some of the weapon design – the magnet gun in particular was a good addition – the way the game has been made doesn’t really encourage experimenting with weapons because as you’re swarmed by 6 or 8 enemies all you need is your assault rifle to see them off.
The One Spirit who reveals our identity is the Spirit through whom the community confirms our area of service. This is not an enablement. This is the uncovering of our identity and purpose by Jesus who empowers us to be ourselves as living stones in His House. The community of Jesus’ intimates will validate this.
I have to tell you that I agree with his gripe about the retailers pushing Christmas earlier and earlier each year.
Ohh yeah.
The third item in the above paragraph has not been true for some time; labor has not been so weak against capital since the 1920s, or perhaps earlier. The authors were writing just before the collapse of the Soviet bloc, a zone that, despite its faults, did provide alternative ideas of social organization. The bloc’s collapse pitched the Left into a crisis nowhere near a solution, opened a previously blocked swath of the world for full exploitation by capital and weakened resistance to the onslaught of neoliberal triumphalism.
Sophie comes into the diner and is excited about the party Max is gonna throw Caroline, but Max is visibly stressed about it. Sophie also lets slip that she saw Caroline make out with Edwin. When Max tells Caroline she knows, Caroline thinks Oleg told her so she tells everyone Sophie slept with Oleg. Earl accidentally tells Caroline about the party and Max tells Caroline that Han told her about her birthday. Caroline says she doesn’t want to celebrate her birthday this year. Only the employees, Sophie, and Edwin are at the party and it’s pretty sad/pathetic. It’s so pathetic that Max didn’t even get a cake and they have to drink Capri Suns. Edwin gives a speech and says he thinks he’ll be seeing a lot more of Caroline, which causes her to ask Max to get rid of him. Caroline tells her she doesn’t like one-night stands, but she hadn’t had sex in a year. Over at the apartment, Max asks Caroline how the sex was with Edwin. She says it was good, except for the almost-choking thing. Max tells her she got rid of Edwin by telling him to hit the pike and Caroline thanks her. Caroline tells Max the only thing she wanted for her birthday was to see her dad in jail. We then see Max and Caroline on a bus to prison.
All my workouts so far are heavily modified. I can't do the stretches, or lunges, or push ups, or whatever you want to call all those other torture..umm I mean, most worthwhile exercises. If I can do the amount of reps the instructor shouts out I certainly cannot jump as high or jog as fast. Or if I cannot manage the reps I can at least do what I can do a little faster or with "more power". More POWER!! Is shouted ad nauseaum in these workout clips. A confession: I have feelings for this instructor. Deep and sincere. Akin to hatred.
Game is a kind of experience, and should provide some emotions, which, I believe, is what Jenova pursues. Though the story is quite direct, (some may say it has a very profound plot, whatever.) Journey is an unbelievable experience. Its vision is too beautiful so that you don’t pay much attention on caring about other complicated things. A simple and direct story is good enough, or it will affect the immersion in gorgeous images. During the play, most of the time I forgot that I was playing a game, since I don’t need think about the strategy and even don’t need to press hard button combinations. I was totally lost in the experience Jenovo presented in the game. Moreover, I believe Journey borrows many techniques from film industry, e.g. the cut-scenes are well edited and the camera position is calculatedly located, e.g. the Journey title appears at the very beginning when you enter a new game and the camera will zoom out, which just like the beginning of a movie. In whole, this game provides a movie-like experience to players.
The only info I was given for my chosen category, 'Domestic', was a choice of the following:
Jane Ellen Baeszler, 43, New York, N.Y.
Despite the global economic downturn, Compass Group’s long-term objective of delivering value for its shareholders and customers looks certain to continue through the growth-focused development of their existing expertise within the food industry and the expansion of their international support service capabilities.
1481 D-XI/6/2003. “God in the Hands of Jonathan Edwards’s Angry Preacher.” Brent House, Episcopal (Anglican) Student Center, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois.
If you want to survive, stop complaining and start doing something, start becoming aware of your surroundings 24 hours out of every 24 hours wherever you are and avoid unnecessary situations.
We are so close to being done I can taste it. This weekend we laid the final plank! YAY!! The only things left are to put up the decorative quarter molding around the cabinets, finish putting up the baseboards and seal around the toilet and sink. THAT'S IT! We really are at the end. I got all crafty and finished my picture project for the bath room. I found some unpainted frames at Michael's and I was going to cut small pieces of wood from the flooring scrapes and glue those to the frame. I quickly painted the frame white so you wouldn't see the unfinished wood underneath. Ryan wasn't ready to cut me scraps so I put the fabric I picked out in the frame and decided I really liked it just like that.
9. Get rid of deadwood and incompetence. If sufficient effort has been made to rehabilitate a worker and if that still fails, then the Government has no choice but to sack the worker. Clear procedures must be put in place so that there is no discrimination and that all inquiries are properly conducted before dismissal.
I don't know which event is the more exciting!
no not that kind.... i hate ketchup.... but i need to play catch up on the blog!
I actually have a few old tires in the back part of the yard that have been used for flowers in the past, before I arrived, that I'm cleaning out and planning to care for, as well as ten very large tractor tires that were used in creating another vegetable garden out near the road. I went by it two evenings ago on a walk with Buddy and thought again of reworking it, cleaning out the tires and planting potatoes in them. I've read where big tires are good for planting several things, potatoes first and foremost. Talk about a nice raised bed. Plus, when spring is in full bloom I will be working next to the lilac bushes which form that corner of my property, another nice bonus. We shall see....
On Whitney Houston’s death:
a time to tear and a time to mend,
Why? How?
Have an awesome day, Rest Up and ENJOY!!!
For the guacamole I had to dig a bit. One of my friends from high school sent me his mother’s top-secret guacamole recipe a couple of years back. While I would love to share the recipe, it is not mine to share. All I will say is sour cream and Tabasco sauce = smooth guacamole with just the right amount of tongue tingling heat.
A year ago I decided that it was time to getting my fat ass back in to shape. For the last decade my body had been expanding like bloated dough under a heat lamp. The cause was the same that many Americans are faced with, high chloric diets and little to no exercise.
My mind was thugged all laced and bugged all twisted wrong and beat
i am ravenous for the truth however morbid
A report on Trees and Urban Air Quality released by the Woodland Trust today, and produced in cooperation with Lancaster University and the University of Birmingham, shows that despite air quality in the UK improving in recent decades, there remain serious health issues relating to air pollution, particularly in towns and cities.
Appendix B: Dramatic-Narrative Sermon on Isaiah 53
The Netherlands is a country reclaimed from the sea and its cultivation has always been about maintaining defences against the water that always threatens to overwhelm it once again. It is the perfect landscape for this story of a man and the past that always threatens to return with its full force and overwhelm his own stoutly constructed defences. That simple prose acts in the same way, reflecting the controlled behaviour of the characters but always threatening to explode as past events and feelings long buried rise to the surface. This isn't always in a traumatic sense, Helmer's plain speaking even leads to moments of surprising humour ('Mother was an outrageously ugly woman') but there is no avoiding the generally bleak tone as Helmer confronts his family life. We learn about his now deceased mother and the 'alliance of glances' that they shared to support one another against the tyranny of his father and having lost his brother, the further devastating loss of his mother.
**Some mild, general Divergent spoilers**
Jolene Philo has been a teacher for 25 years and has published numerous articles on parenting a special needs child and preparing children for a hospital stay. She is the author of Different Dream Parenting and Different Dream Parenting: A Practical Guide to Raising a Child with Special Needs and a regular contributor to a regional monthly women’s magazine, has spoken to MOPS groups, and is a commentator for Iowa Public Radio’s “Iowa Voices.” She and her husband have two children and live in Boone, Iowa.
What generally is known about Plymouth's recipe is that it uses seven botanicals, with juniper berries and sweet orange peel as its two dominant items. It is bottled at 41.2% ABV (82.4 proof). However, in a private luncheon gin tasting several years ago, Plymouth master distiller Sean Harrison told me the other botanicals are angelica root, cardamom pods, coriander seeds, lemon peel and orris root. No revelations about proportions, though.
Anyway. He is "outraged" that Israel considered the flotilla a provocation. Really? Where did they get that idea from? Is it because there is no humanitarian crisis in Gaza, and even if there were, the New York Times published this on June 25th :
Readers who give up print newspapers and switch to digital devices will gain a benefit many have probably not thought about: they will be slashing thecarbon emissions associated with their news habit.
Step Four:
Category: 66 Belgian-Style Lambic or Sour Ale - 33 Entries
When the funds are low and the debts are high
So, what have I learned? I know what is hurting inside me now… and that is, I miss the true innocents of my mothers love. I realize now though, that sometimes, you can never go home.
Already have a LBD in your closet that will do just fine for the holidays? Great. Go ahead, wear what you got. You can spice your old LBD up with some new accessories or a velvet blazer.
I'm so VERY excited about having my own space to set up...don't tell my husband this, but I'm having so much fun doing this that if my endeavor only profits enough to support my junk habit, than I'll be thrilled. I love staying home with my kids, and that is still my main priority, but I think doing this is only making me a better, happier mom.
Each negative and positive are illustrated on facing pages, and we see in Caroline Uff's gentle and humorous illustrations what the effects of those actions are on a group of small children.
ANDREW: You did not.
I can see how some people might think my kids are lazy. See, my kids essentially do what they want to do every day. Some days that involves getting together with friends, and some days it is spent in peaceful solitude at home. Some days that means road trips, and other days it means moving from one chair to the other. Some days it means computer or gaming time, other days it means sports or arts and crafts. Sometimes it is Wikipedia, sometimes it is the library, and sometimes it is talking with and listening to new friends or strangers. By any existing measure, on any given day you could look at my kids and be amazed at the depth and scope of their interests and activities. On any other day, you could be equally amazed at the amount of different things they do. And on some days, you could be astonished by the amount that my children are seemingly not doing, and you could easily turn around and call them lazy.
She says that her yoga practice focuses on being still, loving the self with a deep spiritual connection to the universe, a challenging concept these days. Also, she encourages others to overcome their perceived limitations.
“Where are you heading today?” he asked.
Now and then I check through the links in my sidebar under "Other Links to Explore" to make sure they are still working and also to see what's new within those sites. I was exploring the Reasons to Believe link and came across this very interesting set of photos, each of which features a brief summary about God's incredible creation and a link to a more detailed article. If the amazing discoveries of science fill you, as they do me, with wonder and awe at the intricacy and beauty of the universe, and you find the intersection of science and faith increasingly fascinating, I encourage you to click the link above and take a look.
Thanks to reader Andrew, who emailed this.
I was drawn to Manning Marable's Malcolm X: A Life of Reinvention because Malcolm X is an iconic figure in American history. And like other iconic figures—Washington, Lincoln—he can feel remote, almost mythological. I knew his face, I knew his quotes, I didn't really feel I knew him, and I wanted to. Marable's book is a triumph of reporting. He really digs into the facts behind the public personas—both the one Malcolm created for himself and the one his detractors created for him. I was fascinated by the history of Malcolm X's parents, who were Garveyite activists in their own right. The book also shows you the inner workings of the Nation of Islam, revealing how an organization with lofty ambitions can fall prey to cronyism and corruption. The account of the final weeks of Malcolm X's life is particularly gripping. It raises a lot of questions. Professor Marable hoped to provoke a new investigation into the assassination and has provided substantive evidence to support one.
And every last bit of my safe spaces
I’ve learned a lot being a daddy. Here are some of my funny “Note-to-Self” I had posted on twitter though my six-year fatherhood experience. Enjoy!
Coiled within this polarity, we clearly see symbolism of duality and the search for balance. Other snake symbolic meaning includes:
I thought I had donated it, but nope just moved it and then it got lost in the disorganization.
I spend a lot of time shooting into the mountains and valleys, and I must say, this isn't even about skill: Stevie Wonder could take just as good photographs as I do in this part of the world. For instance, after climbing the hill on which Olargues is built, I grabbed these.
Wow Flowers Clear Stamp
In a not-so-surprising twist, I had planned a post on holiday placement at the various venues before Amazon stepped in with their quite surprising site change, which pre-empted this post with yesterday's.
lay scattered
Personally, this has been one of the most effective tools I know for resolving conflict in my marriage. I could even say that surrendering on both small and large issues has transformed my marriage.
We always begin any canning process by sterilizing our jars and lids. The water needs to reach 180 degrees.
It is also known through out the world as salicaire, braune, and rother. Other common names include flowering Sally and soldanella, trientalis, and alvet. It has no smell but a slightly bitter taste, with astringent properties.
A brief, pleasant interchange that lasted no more than a couple minutes. Nothing you’d think would affect anyone. But later, when the elderly man talked with the teen’s mom he said, “I can’t believe how friendly your son is. He went out of his way to greet me and shake my hand. The teens back home don’t seem to know we exist. In our church we’re invisible.”
Lexicon word of the day: Popple.
where green smells
A new variety we're trying out "Tomacchio" apparently super sweet tomatoes that are great for sun drying or dehydrating....I haven't had one yet - my kids get to them - hard to be mad....Darn the kids ate my tomatoes!
Sometimes, I helped her weed, prune and tend her perennial and annual beds. I handed her the clippers or trowel. I’d run to fill the watering can with water from the well. I got my knees and fingernails dirty digging in the warm, rich soil. We knelt, side by side in reverent homage to the gifts of the land.
The good news is that I made it to all my meetings at least an hour early. I also got to see some scenic areas like my local park, learned some great short-cuts like the steps to the museum, and saw dozens of people leap from the path of my speeding car. I also learned some valuable lessons. I didn't know that I could drive on two wheels, fly over a fifty foot gorge, and out-run three different police departments; all in the same day. I almost forgot one important thing. It seems that gravestones aren't very good for the under carriage of my car.
SCCEP annual meeting: 3:00pm, May 16th at the Capital City Club in Columbia, SC
The Moon is upside-down.
I'm back today to share with you my project for the Getting Cricky Pre-Hop Week. My DT sisters and I have challenged ourselve to use ONLY one Cricut Cartridge or SVG cut to showcase for the week along WITH any K. Andrew Design stamp set. The cartridge that I am featuring this week is the Smiley Cards cartridge. This is such a fun cartridge that has so many wonderful cuts and best of all, they work GREAT with K. Andrew Design stamps!!!
Of course, he apologized and said he "never meant it, really.
With costume sorted, it was bagged and tagged with my number, stored on the rack ready to be transported to the location - which I still don't know, and don't even know when we're filming. I just have to wait for a text message to summon me. And with that, I was tossed back into real life.
- flat shoulder handles Adjustable
The convention is filled with activities to help you ReNew and ReConnect with FAMU graduates from across the country. Join the conversation on “Shaping FAMU for the Next 125 Years” during the Town Hall Meeting on Friday, May 18th. Featured panelist include Dr. Thomas Haynes (FAMU), Belinda Shannon (Glaxo Smith Kline), Judge E. Belicia Aires, Kimberly Corbin (NBMBAA) and Oscar Joyner (REACH Media). Moderated by Kathy Times.
This year’s batch of Buffalo Bill’s Pumpkin Ale is a stinker. At least the Buffalo Bill’s Pumpkin Ale that was shipped to the Phoenix, Arizona market is a stinker.
The Asian markets were nearly all lower on the week for a net loss of 0.6%. Only Australia and Indonesia, of the eight indices we track, are in confirmed uptrends.
saying nothing and going along with the surface relationship, I tried
the DT were doubly lucky and allowed to play with an image too. Just to give you the "heads up", there are several freebie images available from the stamp fairy that fit perfectly with this weeks theme which is.....
Now all I need is time to get some art done and my art space back to do so. It will all come together sooner or later :o). On the other hand we may have been busy but we have loved having the visitors here too as we don't see relatives for years at a time. It just happened that we got 7 visiting all around the same time!!!. Oh and did I mention the oldest daughetr Carlia and her boyfriend are now back living with us too?. I didn't change the locks quick enough LOL.
I think the idea for dinner started out as a Taco Salad, but morphed into a Chili Salad along the way. No one complained. ;)
But then - just as we're about to give up hope - this happens. Like, this shit just got real. Especially when the strobe kicks in at 2:49...
The army has that multi-green one; the police- the black; the Navy-blue (or is that purple?), the traffic warden, orange… but these days, with the many uniforms in the streets, my genius…is really questionable.
I’m starting to have a hard time finding theBalm in select Canadian Sephoras – I’m not sure if they’re being discontinued, but they are definitely available online. Their official website also offers more options and products not available at Sephora – there is a current offer: free bag with purchase of $50 USD or more. I am not sure if they ship outside of the US, though.
Where to start?…
Grape Men quote of the day:
That, too, was my ambition, and I got so far as to walk to Everest base camp—twice. The Khumbu Valley is, I think, the most beautiful place in the world, but, alas, I’m too old to go clambering about on the mountains.
I also made him some rainbow play dough. I used the recipe I found via Counting Coconuts' blog. It's so easy and turns out great every time!!I found these perfect containers at the Dollar Tree for storing the play dough, a package of 6 for $1!
After a long absence from the blog, I am back with loads of new stuff to post. Millions (well nearly) of cakey and baking books to review (its a serious addiction of mine and all part of the plan to own and use 200 good baking/cook books by the time I'm 40). I have been really busy with weddings but sadly have been very lax with the photos. Still lots to post about though, so lets get on shall we?
In the year 2000, Google barely existed. Now it is arguably one of the most powerful corporations in the world. Just a few years ago, iPods did not exist. Today, strolling through downtown, one can hardly count how many people pass by with ear buds wedged into their eustachian tubes. The technological world is changing at an extremely rapid pace, thanks in large part to the exponential growth of social media.
Malcolm looked around for a high perch, something he could jump to and escape this mob, but there was nothing.
Because hyperlinks are still legal in Canada, I can provide you with the following hyperlinks, and I’ll let your fertile minds go to work on what will remain unsaid. It’s important to ^NOT jump to conclusions.
Madeleine Hanna is also an incurable idealist. After graduation, she, along with her friends, seem somewhat perplexed by the “real world” they’ve finally entered. And it’s really no wonder: She lives in an intellectual circle made of Nietzche-reading classmates like Thurston and professors with names like “Zipperstein” and a boyfriend who makes fun of her drink preferences with quips like, “Sure. Martinis. We can pretend we’re Salinger characters.”
What I think it boils down to is that you can't have it all. Or you can have it all for a little while until "all" boils over and you go nutty. I used to believe that I could have kids and a career and still greet my husband every night with a kiss, a clean house and dinner on the table. But now I'm finding that most nights I manage to pick up the kids after working all day, scream at them on the 20-minute drive home, get dinner on the table in my somewhat straightened-up/not-scary-dirty house and scowl at my husband. Rinse and repeat, day after day.
8. He starts working on the taxes on Saturday, April 14, and discovers he doesn't have the basis information for the stock sale, which is really important information, because we did not make $15 a share on that stock! We made maybe 75 cents a share. We do not want to pay taxes on $15 a share. So he has to tear apart his office looking for the documents with the purchase price of the stock.
Yep, I’m glad because the insanity that was made the person that is.
If that's not it, then I'd love a better explanation than "Because I just hate Peyton Manning" or by listening to someone recount stats as an actual justification to hate another human being. Obviously, I've missed something.
A time honored legacy to be shared with moms on any occasion. However, what makes this book so special is each detailed graphic design Fowler incorporated to compliment each individual expression.
The doctors and injured members briefed the delegation on their health situation and how they were targeted by the armed terrorist group while performing their national duty in protecting citizens and private and public properties.
Now onto the play off spots which is an interesting battle as three sides fight for one spot.
Three of the IPCC’s less aggressive scenarios could be met by reducing meat consumption, improving agricultural practices, or reducing emissionsfrom industry. The most aggressive scenario, in which N2O concentrations stabilize by 2050, can only be met if a 50 percent reduction, or improvement, for each of the above is achieved.
Sat, 8:30pm: U! S! A! U! S! A!
Well Christmas is just around the corner now and here is the UK (well about an hour from London) we saw our first snow on Tuesday....and are getting more tomorrow...allegedly (bet it is gone by the weekend!)
Porchetta with Fried Polenta, Gremolata, Bianco Sardo
2) I used granulated sugar instead of caster
Verses 13 – 34 hits a little too close to home. One of my biggest problems is how much I love money - what I can buy with it, spending it, and why I wish I had more of it. So when reading about storing treasure for yourself, it’s hard to swallow. I wonder why at this point in my life, I cannot have my cake and eat it too.
So if you're looking for the winners please scroll down to the post before this one!
Jeff Hunt (REP) 7.57% 342
I think I mentioned it before – I am finding the wait to move into our new condo long and tiresome. Our current closing date is July 23, 2012 but who knows if it will be bumped and by how long. I am preparing myself for a delay up to October/November just so that I'm not too disappointed if/when it happens. As long as we are our new home a few weeks before Christmas and the wedding I will be happy. If we move in before my birthday (August 27) I will be ECSTATIC!
So, let’s analyse for a second. How did they get there?
The Vampire Diaries
Quite heartbreaking!
I love you I love you...
When I look at a synopsis I need to know those things that are enticing, those things that make the book stand out—does your werewolf also have magical powers? Show me how that works in the synopsis, and of course show me how the main plot carries through. But most important, I need to know how the book ends. When I request chapters and a synopsis I expect the synopsis to be a spoiler. I want to know how the rest of the book is going to play out, how the story is going to progress, how the characters will grow, and yes, I want to know who the killer is.
...to fashion the lining (plus fabric pocket).
Pours hazed apricot hue with a light sheet of lace that hugs the stemless pinot noir glass. Feeble aroma but picking up sweet vanilla, little spice, and a surprising whiff of oaky chardonnay. Amazingly, the flavor makes up for everything the nose lets down. Pranqster lives up to its name by unveiling a world-class taste. Each sip brings candi sugar that laces the lips with notes of spicy hops, pale malt and that quintessential Belgian yeast flavor. This brew is full of flavor and brings a strong mouthful with an expected powerful carbonation. This beer has high drinkability, but consume with moderation, for PranQster will fool you with it’s high alcohol content.
Santorum, a former Pennsylvania senator who is trying to woo social conservatives, says on his presidential campaign website that if elected he will hire an attorney general who will “vigorously” enforce federal obscenity laws curtailing distribution of hardcore porn.
All history is made, in one fashion or another, by real people and, while we know the names of those made famous, we tend to forget that it took a lot of people to make, for example, America. Thus, America: The Story of Us ($29.95, A&E Television Networks, softcover) celebrates the events and trends from pre-Colonial times to today. Based on the Emmy® Award nominated series, it features lots of historic photographs and excellent graphics, charts, maps and drawings. It is filled with interesting facts that will enhance anyone’s knowledge of the nation’s history. It is a reminder of how America has led the way as a republic, as a technological leader, and as a defender of freedom.
I noticed the same thing happening with films the first and only time I saw The Matrix. I didn't understand it. This in itself is nothing new. What was new was my complete disinterest in gaining any understanding. I realised that the plot had probably been worked out in scrupulous detail so that it made sense in some way but I frankly couldn't be bothered to find out because I suspect I would have been underwhelmed by the conclusion. I decided to watch it scene by scene as if it was a collection of pop videos,
She leave COP and jump to UNC
MANNY: Yeah, about homework. We hung out after school.
Honour the charge they made!
In his tenth season coaching the Mustangs, Lee said he has made a point to establish a culture of hard work with his players.
I was finally going to find out what my mother was hiding.
21. Sonic Youth - SYR9: Simon Werner a Disparu
_ Some projects lend themselves to using computers, while others don’t.
This was too much for poor Ebony, who'd been sitting semi patiently at my feet.........
First, Lord Chubbington tries to lull me into a false sense of security:
I used Aran's recipe for the macarons:
There is so much great information out there. So many blogs, books and manuscripts; many countless words of great wisdom and immeasurable knowledge, much of which is easy to find. Endless streams of words are strung along on the pages left for us by great writers we may never meet. Wise men and women of God who understand the importance of embracing wisdom and obtaining knowledge have created for us volumes that collect and display their divine intellect. Great and hard to resist, they are like hidden treasures; these nuggets of wisdom guide us, remind us and speak to us. Surely knowledge has taken her seat among royalty, yes great kings rule by its trusted friend wisdom.
The past few weeks have been great. The mad production of august and september have slowed down and left us with some simple tasks here and there. We've spent the time collecting seed, smoking and drying peppers, and rounding out our preserves with things we didn't grow.
I created these two cute little ornaments with some of Donna's fun new Embossing powders. They match the colors of her Mix'd Media Inx... so there are so many fun techniques to try!
"A Sibilant Intake of Breath".
up and be free of the demon. They claimed that by removing the
Carta Compact Atlas HD ($4.99, App Store) and Biblical Jerusalem – A Carta Atlas ($7.99, App Store). These apps are essentially collections of scans from Carta Atlases. This is not bad, but there is not a lot of detail beyond the maps. The Compact Bible Atlas has no search capability, and the maps are more or less the type you find in a good Study Bible. Biblical Jerusalem is a bit better with respect to maps, but the app itself is little more than an index to the maps.
This year, besides the normal show entries there was a special dedication to Mrs. Rose, the women the quilting world owes their gratitude to for the show "Infinite Variety: Three Centuries of Red and White Quilts" in NYC last March. The guild had a red and white challenge, that resulted in an exhibit of 95 red & white quilts. Our exhibit was hung similar to the way Thinc Designs hung the show at the NYC Park Ave Armory, with the quilts suspended and backed by other quilts. It was a wonderful tribute. I am just sorry that I missed the presentation by Mr and Mrs Rose and Tom Hennes from Thinc on Saturday. But it was my birthday and my family had tickets to the Gladys Knight concert, featuring special quest Brian McKnight, at Foxwoods that evening, with dinner and an overnight stay in Connecticut planned.
Whisk the above ingredients until you have a throughly smooth and blended liquid balsamic base.
I want to be pleasantly surprised at its return
Army of Darkness
skirt, handmade using thrifted fabric (see tutorial); sweater top, thrifted; bronze eagle necklace, yard sale; handmade feather hair extension, Emily Neumeier (unfortunately, not yet for sale online)
“Christ redeemed us from the curse of the law by becoming a curse for us—for it is written, ‘Cursed is everyone who hangs on a tree.’” (Gal 3:13)
Here's Yuta in action:
A pioneering work conducted by Wattenberg, 1971, identify enzymes that metabolize hydrocarbons that can cause cancer, such as the benzopyrene, in existing insecticides (product of the inappropriate production of the grilled food).
Another English tradition is the maypole. Some towns had permanent maypoles that would stay up all year; others put up a new one each May. In any event, the pole would be hung with greenery and ribbons, brightly painted, and otherwise decorated, and served as a central point for the festivities.
I come across lots of vintage pieces and shops online, but nothing usually takes my fancy. A lot of the higher end vintage e-stores tend to have a bunch of 'trendy' going on, and I'm really aware of how those trends date fast.
Since our last Plus Size News we have launched an exciting new competition. For the next few weeks we will be posting a new behind-the-scenes shot from our photoshoot and your job is to come up with the funniest caption. The winner gets to choose an item of clothing from the State of Mind website. Jenny Jameson won last week with her comment, could you win it this week? Get involved on Facebook.
My thoughts are different about project one because I feel as if we were forced to only use Glogster because we were trying to satisfy the immediacy need; presenting all the information in one page and space. In my glogster project I used embedded YouTube videos which would serve the hypermediacy need. Both concepts were alos used in project two. On the group website we created links so that users could access the outside information that we had on our page (hypermediacy) and there were also YouTube videos embedded directly into some of the pages. I think project three is a form of remediation because we are forced to re-consider and re-evaluate information authentic information that we created on social networking sites and by doing this project some of us will more than likely make changes to our social identity. Using LinkedIn would satisfy the hypermediacy need because we will be creating documents and resumes and linking out to them in LinkedIn profiles.
And humans are all seeking that light, and looking for it so hard that they are completely blind by how bright it actually is all the time. And so, in their infinite capacity to look right past the obvious, they misplace what light actually is for something else. Something THEY created, a construct, a made up thing, they call it a Light Bulb, and in order to keep that thing shining, giving them the illusion of light, they created something else and they called it Power and they plugged into it and that’s pretty much when they completely forgot who they are. I say they because I hate to offend YOU in case you actually remember, but I do mean YOU.
Companies seeking to be pro-active in managing these risks could do a lot worse than look to the work done over many years by Nike on this issue.
Getting a special invite like this is very exciting, but it has its perils. I had to get up at 4:30 am to prepare for the shoot. As much as I love the photo opportunities dawn presents, my bed usually trumps over all will power to rise at the wretched hours that sunrise shoots demands.
In the time since that specific moment, I’ve spent a lot of time reflecting on it. Reflecting on what it means, particularly in my relationship with God. What part in my life does this conviction play?
Punggol Beach – Rocky Shoreline
Don’t forget that I’m hosting a giveaway for a Fisher Price Cars 2 Spiral Speedway Grand Prix playset, featuring Lightning McQueen and Francesco; hurry and enter as the giveaway ends on 6/19! Catch a glimpse of the hot two racers here:
Reach out far and wide. Extend your invitation to life.
As long as Romney has his 15% tax rate and he can buy and sell homes and even demolish one home to build another on top of it, Romney and his “two Cadillac” wife can remain out of touch with the average American.
The highlight of my day was meeting celebrity judge Julie Durda, Channel 7 meteorologist. She comes into my home and office every morning. It was a thrill to just walk right up to her and say hi. Lynn Martinez, news anchor and host of Deco Drive, was there also. Not so easy to talk to as she was doing interviews and hosting the event pretty much the entire day.
The body of Saint Thomas Aquinas, the Angelic Doctor, perhaps the greatest of all Christian theologians and philosophers, was finally interred in a church belonging to his fellow Dominicans on this very day in 1369, 94 years after his death and 42 years after his canonization.
Angelina retained her title in very short form. The Motorcycle Woman interferes, but Velvet goes after her, then trips Madison and Angelina gives Madison The Botox Injection.
What a tease. Bad, bad girl!
So here's what I was going for...a generic impressionist painting from Monet. I'd bid on one on ebay to rip off a page of the calendar and frame it for our 'An intersection of Art and Commerce' project. Instead what arrived was a day planner calendar with photos of the garden where Monet painted? Literally pages and pages of photos of a garden...and a picture of a greenhouse covered in plastic. Ridiculous. It's funny how you can put that name on anything though. I guess we could have a calendar that said: 'Picasso, we're not that guy.'
When I when in highschool (last May, obviously...of course I didn't graduate 10 years ago) oxymoron was definitely my favorite word. You could sound super smart throwing out a word like that, plus it has moron (*hehe*) in it. There's clearly nothing more mature than muttering "oxymoron" under your breath when some mentions highschool education. As I've gotten older and started to enjoy baking I began to realize that when you're baking there is nothing better than a good oxymoron. If you can make a rich mousse, or a light pound cake you've achieved success. When I saw this recipe for Oooey Gooey Fudgey Brownies on the awesome blog How Sweet Eats it brought me back to an old recipe I've tried before. I combined the two to come up with a crispy, yet wonderfully chewy brownie. A hint is to use a separate spatula to fold in each addition, that way you have 3 extra spoons to lick.* Enjoy!
Black 1/8"Ric Rac; Black Grosgrain Ribbon; Button; Button Twine
Adobe PDF
Missionary tag-I used my old one
Lyrics: Hernán Espinosa
I have been single for every Valentine’s day ever.! But I couldn’t care less. I am only 12. I shouldn’t need a girlfriend. But there is one girl I have a crush on. But sorry Bloggers. That’s kinda personal I would think.
Commander, 15th Air Force ('98-'99)
Light on the hops, big on the flavor this blond ale is made with oats which lend to the beer’s smooth creaminess. Rounded out with 2 different hops, the Clem’s is one laid back, easy drinking beer.
P.S.S. A few of you asked about the paper in my last post. It was a Glitz Design paper which looked like burlap/hessian and had a black script stamp on it. I then used a Crafters Workshop mask for the black splats and also bubble wrap and mist.
Have I mentioned that I’ll be at Chattanooga’s 21st Renal Symposium in the vendors’ area? On the Facebook page, I suggested people come visit if they’re in the area. A kidney transplant receipent is meeting me as is another reader, who just happens to be my younger daughter’s friend from junior high (middle?) school. The connections you make – or remake – when you become passionate about something are surprising. Now let’s see how well I do with the renal diet when I’m away from home.
The vast majority of celebrity customers have been pleasant, however. “Bono has come in a few times, but I wouldn’t necessarily recognise him. I’m very short-sighted,” he explains.
Yeah, it really sound very easy! If it’s really so simple, how come so many Independent Business Owners procrastinate when they have to make the lists, contact people, make appointments, invite, asking for referrals and so on?
4. West Coast – Coconut Records
There was no sign of the girl. I had absolutely no recognition of where she lived. Her address wasn’t on the student ID.
The Boy would never fight with his Sister on something she wanted, even if he wanted it first. And this was a magic that couldn’t be shared, at least not to him, because of what The Book said in the beginning. So he decided to let The Book continue its magic to his Sister, especially when though The Book insisted otherwise but still showed it to her. In fact, when his Sister told him details of the magic that The Book showed her, it often differed from what The Book told him about their encounters. And he became confused again, on how The Book can show more than one person its magic at the same time. The Boy started retreating sadly, feeling like he lost someone that he could be honest and open to, knowing that it will never be the same with The Book.
The first is a seed packet/gift card holder. As the school year is coming to a close, I think this will be perfect for my daughter's teacher. Just a little reminder of seeds she has sewn this year!
“Can I ask you a question that perhaps could be unethical?” he asked. Just like a doctor I thought.
On issues, Hillary certainly is not the classic liberal Democrat. She voted to approve the war in Iraq, supported some meaningful tax cuts, and has been more or less pro-business, at least with issues that impact cities in New York. On the other side, she also supports many traditional Democratic positions: support of Roe v. Wade, increasing the minimum wage, and her continued support for universal health care.
The stage name “will.i.am“ was a result, as well as the stage name William James Adams, Jr. The surname Adams coming from the Peter Pan character Maude Adams.
Above: Lounging in the woods, 1893
Mr Bird had given evidence for the NotW in the defamation case brought by Mr Sheridan in 2006. In that case Mr Bird had given evidence that Ms Katrine Trolle had never been offered money by the NotW for her story. In answer to Mr Prentice, the prosecutor, Mr Bird confirmed that he had later discovered that Ms Trolle had been offered payment, but she had declined this.
Since the loss of her father, Abigail Thatch’s life has been in turmoil. Her social status is in shambles, her finances depleted, and she’s on the verge of losing her beloved home. But everything changes when she meets the dashing flying machine captain Jasper Blackthorn. Not only does he introduce her to a world she thought only existed in myth and legend, he awakens sensual feelings deep within her…
So this stupid ad campaign for a clothing company I’ve never heard of has world leaders who by all rights should be at each other’s throats (because in almost all of them there is at least one person who makes the Who’s Who of World Most Evil Tyrants). The stupid statement on all of these is the non-word “Unhate.” Not anything as usual as maybe “Depose tyrants” or “Stand up to evil” or maybe even “Evil must be opposed”…no Unhate. That’s right you should be deeply offended and disgusted by the numerous crimes against humanity that this lot has racked up—it’s wrong to not have revulsion at the sight of butchers like Mahmoud Abbas, Hu Jintao, Kim Jung Il, Hugo Chavez and the like.
I can't believe I haven't posted any thing in a month! And now I discover Blogger has changed......and oh how I hate tech changes!!! My head hurts already. :)
I have not retouched this photo. The window in my car was down, and as I waited at my usual light to get onto the interstate, I snapped a picture of the cloudy sky. That blue flare on the bottom of those clouds frightens me. Or it could have come from a car headed the other direction catching the diffused light just right. Either way, it's kind of trippy.
There are three main goals when making hard boiled eggs:
(Mole is Topo, thanks to Google translate).
And now the tale is done,
“Oh wow,” she said. “I never got stretch marks when I was pregnant.”
“Whether it is right in the sight of God to hearken unto you more than unto God, judge ye.”
my apologies for the lack of updates since early January.
It was a fresh voice on a very varied shortlist encompassing quasi-zombies, centaurs, brutal racism, a pacifist's dilemma and a "girly" book that wasn't remotely pink. And that was just the shortlist. Our longlist also featured some wonderful books, like Marie-Louise Jensen's Daughter of Fire and Ice, Keren David's When I was Joe, Tamsyn Murray's My So-called Afterlife and Mary Hooper's Fallen Grace.
So much for the contention of sophisticated theologians that Americans don’t really believe in the tenets of faith (and angels are barely mentioned in the Bible!), but simply see their religion as a pretty story, or, as Tim Padgett asserts, a “lovely idea” that inspires good works.
Within five minutes of hopping into the shower things started to get a bit intense. From here it all happened really quickly. I went from leaning against the wall enjoying the hot water to getting on my hands and knees and really needing to vocalise to get through the contractions. I started to realise the baby was a lot closer than I had thought. I got Steven to call and ask Michelle to come and pick Sazz up on her way.
Mix cake mix, oil, and eggs together.
series 3 (264-393)
My husband and I saw a comedian on television Saturday night. Her mother, a democrat, had been the social secretary in the Regan White House. That would not happen today. She talked about a time when she and her family went to parties in Washington and the room was filled with Democrats and Republicans. According to her, that does not happen anymore. Everyone is off in their own little corner, blaming the guys over there.
In other news my birthday is 3 weeks away. I am trying to figure out what I want my 3 week goal to be. I would like to drop out of the 170's but I think I might also challange myself to increasing my cardio to 4 times a week. I need something to work toward for my birthday and for Christmas...I just can't seem to decide what those things should be. Any ideas ladies?
So Merry Christmas to my Grandma, who I absolutely know is an angel up there somewhere. And here's to less "zingers" and more birthdays for everyone.
We used existing hardware from an old shade we use to have in the space. I think I want it to lay a bit flatter to the window so we are going to mount it directly to the moulding this evening.
"Honestly, Rel!" She tutted him, as if she'd suddenly turned from his sister into his mother. "It's my job as Four Knot to ensure smooth and polite relations between humans and Children of the Wild. Most especially the Gift-Givers. Why shouldn't I take an interest in your appalling manners? It's only a question. Really, I don't know why you're making such a big deal out of this."
READ!!!
You would not know this from the state of Italian television.
How many of you have ever seen someone and automatically judged who they were and what they thought. Whether or not they were a Christian, simply by their outward appearance?
About 10 seconds later, the wind shifted strongly, but settled down after just a few seconds. A cloud of black gnats on the water. Up and down river as far as the eye could see. A hatch. And upon them like a pestilence was the cloud of tree swallows. Still no rising fish, but here it was. An actual hatch.
In South Africa today, only 9 percent of murders end up in jail. Court dockets are regularly purchased and simply disappear. Magistrates can be bribed as can the prison authorities, making escapes commonplace. Vehicle and airplane licenses are regularly purchased, and forged school and university certificates are routine.
This was a pet project of D. L. Miller/Somserset. To me it appears as if Miller fixed his name to the better Somerset albums. Frequently there are musician credits to be found on the back cover, but not here. The music plays through like Somerset's 101 Strings doing a soundtrack LP. In other words, the music isn't as space age fab as the suggestion made by the comic book cover art (sorry about the shelf worn image).
Is there any hope for us, what can we do? is there any way back?
In a large bowl, beat eggs, half and half, nutmeg, goat cheese, salt, and pepper until combined. Mix in fontina, parmesan, spinach, and onion.
We are grateful for the dedication of our volunteers, and furthermore we are humbled by the number of people across the country who continue to express interest in volunteering. In addition, since we introduced our online Volunteer Interest Form in December on heart.org, nearly 3,000 people have submitted the form to express their interest.
No, not at all, just silence and avoidance, right? That’s your example, Miro: the high road of avoidance, which is really the lowest road there be. You refused to post an opposing point of view and you tried to illegitimately sweep it under the carpet. How many other voices have you tried to muffle, you warrior poet, you? Run and hide is not a very effective or warrior-like strategy, Miro.
So what about suicidal terrorism? Critics say that the Koran contains only a single line against such a thing:
2 cloves of garlic
is like furry bad!
Terpsichore and Myrddin face a deadly force that threatens to part them forever. Is she destined to lose the only mortal man she has ever truly loved? Is there nothing she can do to save him? Finally, when all seems lost, in desperation she finds herself DANCING WITH FATE
Ian Hoerig finished 7th in the 400 meters
WELL!
Additionally, the Audis swept the top three spots in qualifying, however, the finished No. 1 car that started from pole position finished in 16th, after gearbox problems developed. The car led in the first six hours of the race.
It won’t be easy for a nation that has accepted atheism, has accepted materialism, a nation accustomed to running away from itself, to come back riding on its horse. It will not be easy, but it is worth all our suffering and the sacrifices.” And, in yet another sermon, he told his followers:
Kevin Ryan (G)
in Chapter 10... (after Barley has made the publishing deal with Goethe and gotten drunk)
The question is, can I do it? I have been concentrating on stripping things down to the bone. X number of words. X number of sentences. Nothing extraneous allowed. Can I turn this around and expand a story without adding any unnecessary narrative?
Even the endpapers are breathtaking.
The best part of the last few weeks was that I got very clear and positive ovulation test results this month. Sometimes in the past the tests never showed positive results and we just had to take our best guess. There was no guessing this time so hopefully that resulted in some very well timed inseminations. We are in our two week wait now so we still won’t know anything for a while. Lastly, we are still going to do the Q&A video I talked about in the previous post. I got lots of good questions but feel free to submit more because we still haven’t recorded it yet. Oops, we’ve been busy. There are certainly lots of new things to question!
In tier 11 we lost three great raiders because they didn’t feel we were progressing fast enough. Other people stopped raiding because of the need to do things in real life. An Officer left because they felt people should be putting more effort into getting ready to raid.
and if they had any choice in the shipmates’ choosing of them, is not recorded.
Slowly, more people started following my little blog. It's always such a big surprise to me when I see a new follower. I am so grateful to my readers - thank you! As I watch my blog grow, I gain a little more confidence. This blog actually helps me!
#106 Kevin Mench (Rangers)
Well, this is not really a problem, as such. Especially after I discovered how good it is in the middle of a graham-cracker sandwich. Possibly even better than the doughnuts. And it doesn’t require any special equipment.
Notably, the top two companies both doubled their revenue over the past two years, according to the report. Among the top 50, the average revenue from 2007 to 2011 grew from $31.5 million to $80.1 million. Ninety percent of the businesses were founded by women, with the average age being 49. Fourteen of the top 50 businesses are owned by women of color and the average number of projected employees for 2012 is 691.
Specific to the dance front, this supposed prowess often comes as a result of having studied with such-and-such and so-and-so. Or with the sheer amount of time one has spent with tango. Neither of which necessarily means anything. One question that I'm sick of hearing when meeting someone new is, "How long have you been dancing?" Though it may appear innocuous, it's a question with loaded expectations, and I often get the sense that there is an evaluation being made depending on the response. But everyone knows people who have been dancing for a good amount of time but who still, to put it mildly, kind of suck. Of course, some of these people feel that they've put in the hours and have earned their degree, and become "teachers" in some form. Either by actually holding classes, or more informally by instructing people they meet in the milongas and/or prácticas.
auxiliary strap means requires separate sections made of different materials.
Finally, use your ribbon to tie the base towel tightly to the smaller towels. P.S. I used a clothespin in the back (not pictured) to hold the towel tightly while I tied the ribbon. It made my life a bit easier!
The disaster was greeted with worldwide shock and outrage at the huge loss of life and the regulatory and operational failures that had led to it. Public inquiries in Britain and the United States led tomajor improvements in maritime safety. One of their most important legacies was the establishment in 1914 of the International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea (SOLAS), which still governs maritime safety today. Many of the survivors lost all of their money and possessions and were left destitute; many families, particularly those of crew members from Southampton, lost their primary bread-winners. They were helped by an outpouring of public sympathy and charitable donations. Some of the male survivors, notably the White Star Line’s chairman, J. Bruce Ismay, were accused of cowardice for leaving the ship while women and children were still on board, and they faced social ostracism.
Only advanced journalism team members, a.k.a. the seniors, get to work on O’Dell High’s morning news crew. So, being a junior, it should feel kind of exciting to be in here, like I have a VIP backstage pass. But I’m not running around fixing the lighting or fidgeting with the massive cameras like the other students around me. I’m about to be on the school news, though not as a younger reincarnation of the great Carter Phillips, destined to lead the future of broadcasting, or anything. No, that would be the person I feel obligated to, my ex-boyfriend, Ted. He sits beside me in the black suit with his blond hair parted neatly to one side.
IPKenya is hoping to attend this meeting. If anyone else is available and willing to attend, kindly get in touch with me. Spaces are limited.
” But looking at their formation, it’s like they are preparing for it?” I said.
The Backyardigans are coming to Halifax November 12 at 1pm and 4pm for their latest adventure called Quest for the Extra Ordinary Aliens.
"The Frankfurt Book Fair is the most important marketplace for books, media, rights and licences worldwide. More than 7,300 exhibitors from 100 countries, 299,000 visitors and over 10,000 journalists"
If I say it, I don’t always mean it.
Jesus chose the time of the Jewish Feast of Passover to fulfill what he had announced at Capernaum – giving his disciples his body and his blood as the true bread of heaven. Jesus’ passing over to his Father by his death and resurrection – the new passover – is anticipated in the Last Supper and celebrated in the Eucharist or Lord’s Supper, which fulfills the Jewish Passover and anticipates the final Passover of the church in the glory of God’s kingdom. When the Lord Jesus commands his disciples to eat his flesh and drink his blood, he invites us to take his life into the very center of our being. That life which he offers is the very life of God himself. Do you hunger for thebread of life?
At first, however, things went very well for Kathy. My boss, Tom, quickly recognized Kathy’s intelligence and ability, and, as did I, responded to her charm, which is considerable. Unlike Tammy, (the woman I described in my last post), Kathy does not play on her sex appeal in as strong and calculating way, but she knows how to make a very positive impression on people she meets, both men and women with her courtesy, intelligence, and desire to help people learn and succeed.
I've seen this theme floating around a few blogs and it suits this 'little man' of mine to a T. I love the mustaches and ties and I knew I wanted to incorporate a photo booth since it was such a big hit at the last party I planned. The twist I added to this little man party was the root beer float element. It all came about when I was trying to organize some of my party ware. I had a ton of disposable plastic coffee mugs that I needed to do something with...I had also recently seen a cake that a friend of mine had at a party. It was a mug of beer with a beer can suspended, pouring into the mug. Obviously, it wouldn't be appropriate to make a beer cake at a one year old's party so...root beer float cake it was!
He goes home gets into bed
WYB = When you Buy
My new blog over there is called "Common Fare" and I'm writing mostly about food and cooking, including my Chocolate-Bacon Muffins (seen at right) and Lemon Polenta Cake. Click here for the recipes. I'm not sure what the deal is with the "Comment" function for the blogs there, but the situation looks a little bleak. Consider opening a user account and then you can Comment away your afternoons!
Sammy Ambrose went on the road with a band called The Afro-Beats. Success eluded him and he ended up back in Miami Beach dancing the limbo at a burlesque joint called Place Pigalle. Unfortunately, Sammy Abrose was overcome by drug addiction. As that destroyed his career, he took to selling heroin on the street. One of his customers was a 28 year old Vietnam veteran who bought dope from him on 12 October 1976 and died of an overdose shortly afterward. Sammy was charged with first degree murder and sent to prison. He died in Dade County Florida at the age of 47 on 26 February 1988.
Deliver or mail your application for Grade 1 Early French Immersion and Grade 7 Extended French Immersion to your child(ren)’s home school as soon as possible, but no later than 9 a.m. on January 20, 2012. Information evenings in Oakville will be held at the following French Immersion Centres:
Hugo-"I'm protecting us."
-- Create a demo table CREATE TABLE dbo.t (c int NOT NULL); INSERT INTO dbo.t VALUES (1); -- In one session run this BEGIN TRAN; UPDATE dbo.t SET c = c; -- Examine the locks. You'll see the RID X lock SELECT * FROM sys.dm_tran_locks WHERE request_session_id = @@SPID -- In another session run this SELECT c FROM dbo.t -- The SELECT is not blocked
SJ: No one, I just read it. And it says so, -there. *points to cover*
Me: Okay. You need to explain that a little more. Do you mean, like if you were some other person?
"We will punish the guilty. The punishment will be more generosity, more tolerance, more democracy" - Fabian Stang, Mayor of Oslo.
So I look for what we can make a part of our home life. I look for what we can make a part of our family experience. I look for what doesn't leave us exhausted and frazzled. I look for what can be made to work over a wide stretch of ages, so my children can all participate together rather than going off to separate activities.
Last night on The Voice, the most significant cuts were made, rounding out the group of Semi Finalists.
12. Jay-Z & Kanye West – Otis
For those of you who don’t know Threadless Tees, look them up. They are an amazingly successful e-commerce t-shirt company based in Chicago that allows a community of artists to design t-shirts (each week a 1,000 t-shirts are designed) and display them for a popular vote on their website. The most popular designs, about 10 each week, are then printed and sold until they run out. The designers earn $2,000 cash for their designs and $500 in Threadless Tee gift cards. Additionally, any time a design is reprinted the designers earn $500 per print run.
This is one of the main reasons why this country is in the situation that it finds itself in today. War has been packaged for the American people as entertainment. Americans don't really know war, or real pain and suffering; certainly not as a nation. They see war through the lense of American corporate media. Americans don't see the death and destruction that they cause. This makes it easier for Americans to have an apathetic attitude, or we don't give a damn attitude about how U.S. policies impact other people around the world. War has been turned into a video game for these people. The human part of war has been taken out of the discussion for most Americans.
Large glass bowl
How does any of the above fit within the scope of this blog being about computing, technology, world affairs, the struggle of the middle class in America, famous authors, computer programming and well designed things? I don't think it does. However, I'm justifying posting this information in the hope that one of the shows listed above will cause someone else to exclaim "WHY DID I NOT KNOW ABOUT THIS BEFORE!?!"
Afro IP has come across a recent trade mark decision of Kenya's Court of Appeal (British American Tobacco Kenya Ltd ("BAT") v Cut Tobacco Kenya Ltd ("CUTT") ) in which BAT had unsuccessfully attempted to overturn a decision of the Superior Court in CUTT's favour. BAT and CUTT manufactured two competing brands of cigarettes, SPORTSMAN and HORSEMAN. BATT argued that CUTT had infringed the SPORTSMAN trade mark by using a deceptive imitation of its packaging and was passing off its brand of cigarettes as being those of, or associated with, BAT's cigarettes.
The professor’s humiliation, in which he was skewered on his own argument, did not stop him from taking to the airwaves throughout the day to promote his anti-Christian agenda with its creed of intolerance and ignorance.
Now, how to deal with this type of situation. Thanks to Spock, it gives you registerMetaClass () method in Unit test case which you can use in the setup block of the method and all the meta magic would roll back after completion of every test case.
It has interviews with Zapiro, the pen-name of cartoonist Jonathan Shapiro, and ANC spokesperson Jesse Duarte.
We’ll play with all the others right before the feast
The great thing about a classic concert like that is that you can feed off the memories for weeks to come. It was definitely worth the trip to see such a classic band and I hope that it won’t be too long before I see them again.
___ a copy-and-paste of a press release?
Play over and through me
Telling is a form of writing itself...
Theodore Deacon shared some behind-the-scenes insight on the creation of this production in two blog articles:
Materials Needed For Bat-stache:
Paper: Stampin' Up Designer Paper Beau Chateau, Doodlebug Glitter Paper
I mentioned last time that this is my first experience of this show. It appears to be a mix of reality in house / training type stuff, leading to this weeks “live” fight. This week, one guy was fighting another seemingly better fighter, only for the latter to leap in looking for a takedown just as the other was beginning to kick him. This resulted in a knee to the head and a clean knock out win for the underdog. Sorry I cannot be bothered to look up the fighters names for you. Either you watch it and you know who I mean, of you don’t watch it anyway.
Isn't that exactly what Truth wants the tobacco industry to do?! If the CEO of Phillip Morris bought national ad time during the Super Bowl and with zero irony or artifice told an audience of millions that cigarettes were harmful and to please stop using them if you are concerned about health risks, I would have thought the offices of Truth would have run sticky with self-righteous orgies for weeks. So what's with the sarcasm and poorly-punctuated message? Is there anything at this point the tobacco companies can do that will make these pricks happy?
Bocadillo de boquerones is another winner, pairing delicate fillets of white anchovies with confit piquillo peppers and roasted garlic aioli. The faint saltiness of the anchovies plays off deliciously against the red peppers.
02/28/2009 – Bottling day. Filled 20 12 oz bottles and 13 22 oz bottles.
President Barack Obama addressed the nation tonight to cap off his weekend trip to Afghanistan and present a plan to end the war there.
Ended up high against the bloodshot sky,
Next, I thought you might like to see how the centerpiece began. The vase on the left contains assorted supermarket roses and two bunches of miniature carnations. They'd been reduced to less than $8 for all you see here. I cut the stems at an angle (under water) and quickly immersed them in the vase filled with lukewarm water and "flower fresh." They've been left to condition overnight.
if guys wear girl would you make them peeing
Zac Efron and Taylor Schilling are the mandatory handsome white people of the story. He plays Logan, a U.S. Marine Sergeant who just returned form a third tour of duty in Iraq, something he believes he survived because of his lucky charm: a photograph he found of a woman he doesn’t really know. Ms. Schilling plays Beth, and Logan goes, with his dog Zeus, all the way to Louisiana to find her. Beth’s brother was killed in an ambush during a raid, which is where Logan found her photograph, and she works at a dog kennel with her grandmother, played by Blythe Danner who immediately makes this a better film just by being in it. Logan takes up a job as a handyman there, slowly but surely working his way into Beth’s heart, and being sneered at by Keith, Beth’s police officer ex with whom she has a son.
One of the wonders of Winter’s Bone, based on a novel by Daniel Woodrell, is how much it reveals about both its heroine and its setting not through tiresome exposition but through action. Granik and co-screenwriter Anne Rossellini don’t toss in so much as a throwaway line about Ree’s upbringing, but judging by her resourcefulness it’s clear that she had to figure most of life out for herself. In her hardscrabble way, Ree is the most heroic character I’ve seen at the movies all year, and Lawrence is a dynamo, less an up-and-comer angling for a career boost than a young performer with serious chops that were just waiting for be revealed. Lawrence isn’t playing a Hollywood hillbilly- Ree is a clever young woman whose circumstances have made her wise beyond her years, and she knows how to navigate a world that spits out weaker souls.
Wait long enough and your writing seems someone else’s. Sometimes I think of walking among the abandoned hulls and fragments and gathering enough for a golem of parts, a Frankenstein’s monster of my life.
In an effort to respond to your learning needs, we would ask that you to propose (via email) a contract for completion of S726 in accordance with the course objectives. This means that you need to list products (with proposed due dates) that will demonstrate your competency in accordance with course learning objectives. Keep in mind this would need to be completed before May 1st, 2009. We both are open to your ideas and would suggest that you keep this simple, but with enough detail so that products are clear. You may also self-evaluate your products for grading purposes. We want you to be challenged in your learning experience and we want it to be a positive learning experience.
"Birds whistle, man alone sings, and one cannot hear either a song or an instrumental piece without immediately saying to oneself: another sensitive being is present." The author of this sentence, Jean-Jacques Rousseau, remains best known for his political and moral philosophy that later inspired a revolution. But his thoughts on music were just as prescient of an aesthetic revolution that would lead to music being raised from the lowly place it occupied during his lifetime - that of poetry's "handmaiden" - to the position it took during the 19th century, as the highest, most noble, most humane of the fine arts.
The highly nutritious purple sweet potato is the latest food item to be presented to the general public as a potential superfood. The colour is the important part as it is this purple colour which is responsible for the amount of anthocyanim in the potato. Anthocyanim which produces red, blue or purple colours in different types of food can also be found in blueberries, red grapes and red cabbage. However, the purple sweet potato has a higher concentration of the chemical than any other species of potatoes. This is effective for lowering hypertension and is one of the best foods that one can eat to prevent cancer.
• As former campaign rivals Newt Gingrich and Michele Bachmann finally endorse Willard “Mitt” Romney as this year’s Republican presidential candidate, their denunciations of Romney come back to haunt the “severely conservative” and flip-flopping quondam one-term governor. See Gingrich question Romney’s offshore bank accounts and declare him a “liar” here, and click here for a list of Bachmann’s “10 best hits on Mitt Romney.”
The theme for the first event with guest speaker Alia Akkam, founder of the QNote and contributing editor at Edible Queens, focused of the unique and culturally diverse food offerings in and amongst our far-reaching neighborhoods. Broader than gastronomy, what really touched me was the talk of community and what Queens does differently than Brooklyn and Manhattan and how those choices uniquely shape this fair division of Manhattan proper.
You’re there to drive them places until they get their own license.
Then wait no more! Join players from across The Natural State and from around the World for some free for all and light vs dark battles!
The third novel in the Perfect Chemistry series will be about Luis Fuentes, the youngest Fuentes brother. He’s such a good guy who doesn’t live with the angst that his big brothers have always lived with. Luis is smart, funny, and has big dreams. When he falls for the wrong girl, Luis enters a dark world he’s never known to try and save her from herself. Just when he thinks he’s got life all figured out, Luis learns some disturbing news about his family that destroys his positive outlook on life. Will that Fuentes bad boy streak come out with a vengeance and lure Luis to live on the edge like his new girlfriend and his own father?
The anticipation of fans, who are counting down to Kim HyunJoong’s comeback, can be analyzed through the pre-order situation. The number of pre-order is expected to continue to increase till the album release date on 8-June.
Cara is sad when she breaks her leg and can't join her best friends on their summer holiday. To cheer her up, Mum takes her to Battersea Dogs & Cats Home, where they meet Stella, the gorgeous and gentle Staffordshire bull terrier puppy.
When you realise the importance this has in terms of response to palatability of bait, flavour levels and fish sensitivity differences it is only a matter of experimentation before you discover most fish can be caught on certain baits while some will still remain uncaught often for many seasons. Due to genetic diversity and of course individual fish genetics that can alter through the life of a fish and exposure to all kinds of outside and internal influences and experiences individual fish can act even more uniquely in a carp water containing fish from one year class or from different origins.
There's some War Games repartee as she cracks the hard drive, summoning enough info to make her really nervous. Even though she doesn't think Frank's crazy Leviathan talk can be true, she's freaked enough to go home--where Sam and Dean await. They all pour Borax on themselves to prove none of them are Leviathans and they try to draft her to go inside and hack Roman's email. (There was an earlier suggestion from Bobby that they mail the flask into the building so he can take a lookie-loo, but Sam & Dean, already worried about him sticking around as a ghost, are afraid he'll go Vengeful if he comes face to face with Dick. Who shot him.)
Chronology: From where “Making History” left off and Mr Rook and company retrieved Alex’s body as well.
Us guys used to cringe when their hits would come on the radio.
“Is she still far?!” one of my friends asked that man. He hesitated to go down and seek my coach. I understand if he thinks twice to go down again as we arrived there like half die.
I am thrilled to have the opportunity to give away a paper or e-book copy of The Caretakers to one Tidbits From A Mom reader! In addition, Shauna Nosler has generously offered to sponsor a giveaway for a $20 Amazon Gift Card! Please fill out the Rafflecopter form below to enter.
Again, I am truly grateful for your support for Lily Pottery, and I look forward to updating you soon on upcoming shows and events!
See her in the background. While he slept she checked him every couple minutes. Too funny and cute!
oil-2tbsp
Chocolate Buttercream
am so inspired by them and somehow I have a flavor of them in this piece!
Writers show up.
The King had once been seen as the one who warned Urdangarín to stay away from lucrative dealings.
Update on the aftermath of the gas leak in front of the CVS store on Court Street. When the utilities were fixing the leak, they accidentally cut a water line, and Court Street had to be closed because the water was cascading down to Hamilton Avenue.
Wasn't it nice, eating chocolate ice
Shower, dress, slap on makeup and pull up a ponytail while simultaneously entertaining a 4 year old with a freestyle knock knock joke guaranteed to distract him from destroying my house.
Cuz he’ll never be the man in the White House
Capt Alexander, she added, had refused to take up a post at the New Brighton police station, in accordance with the police restructuring plan, which had also led to his suspension.
If you don’t like Zooey Deschanel, you don’t like cotton dresses, or vintage bicycles and you don’t like cotton candy and ponies.
But at first, I thought the shelter had misjudged me in giving me Reggie and his things, which consisted of a dog pad, bag of toys almost all of which were brand new tennis balls, his dishes, and a sealed letter from his previous owner. See, Reggie and I didn’t really hit it off when we got home. We struggled for two weeks (which is how long the shelter told me to give him to adjust to his new home). Maybe it was the fact that I was trying to adjust, too. Maybe we were too much alike.
Might be cocky, but I'm gonna say no. I can't control the market (let me know if you can).
A very practical wagon. Thing is, I know next to nothing about Subaru's, nada, zip. I did a bit of research yesterday. I understand they're the bee's knees on the road rally circuit in Europe, kick butt little cars. My son informed me their transmissions are bullet proof. They hold their value well. The 2.2 engine is one of the best. It's a 'flat-four,' whatever in the heck that means. I'm not a gearhead. Weapons yes, motors and drive trains leave me cold.
What is to become of us?
After working out, I took the kids out for the day intending only on walking around the mall and picking up a backpack for Kaitlyn. However, by the time I got finished, 8 hours later, they are pretty much finished for school. I kind of consoled myself with the fact that I am returning to work full time in 4 weeks.
He found himself getting hard-ons in the fruit markets while passing the cucumber trays.
One month from right this minute, I will be married to Kate Harrington. Our good friend David Wyatt will be officiating the ceremony in front of family and friends from all over the place.
Earlier this year, whilst on holidays, I had a wonderful experience. I was terrified at first but it ended up to be extremely FUN!
A MOTHER of three was allegedly raped “repeatedly” by two uniformed policemen in the early hours of Sunday morning in Kempton Park, Gauteng.
A Dubliner pleaded. Where is he?
I’m done reading it, but Gen and I have started to read it to each other. It’s that good.
A sushi roll by any other name/filling would smell as sweet? I’m not sure. In this desperate race to satisfy all taste buds, to appeal to the blandest imaginations, are we losing the rawness, the realness of specific cuisines? Although I love mixing things together, I think it’s important to eat something uncompromised once in a while. Otherwise we’ll end up in this vicious circle of: food imitating narrow taste imitating food.
A huge thank-you to Chris and Lazz for the invite as the day will hold many fond memories for many different reasons. From laughing at ‘over-refreshed’ ex test cricketers attempting to cough up a lung and launch a ‘ground strike’ from the other end at the same time in the gents toilets, to the almost surreal sight of seeing ex English test off spinner, John Emburey, graciously holding court with a large bloke called Scotty who plays in the fourths for a Geelong based team. The wily old bowler was so generous with his time for Scotty and his well-oiled mates and the scene was almost surreal with John offering advice on team success and Scotty following up with “A bloke once asked me what me ‘wagon wheel’ looks like and I told ‘im I ate it!! HAH!!”
Andrew Palau is an evangelist. He is the son of an evangelist. He has his own daily radio program called Reaching Your World. Just because Andrew’s father is an evangelist, does not mean that Andrew automatically followed in his father’s foot steps. In fact, as Andrew will share with you, he struggled down a rocky road and had to find himself and God before he could become the man he is today. This is his story…The Secret Life of a Fool: One Man’s Raw Journey from Shame to Grace.
Am I a SENDER? A “sender” is one who facilitates goers. They support with finances and other resources, logistics, encouragement, support upon “re-entry”, through prayer. 3 John 1:7-8 gives an example of this. For those who can’t GO, or have dismissed the idea that they cannot really participate in missions because they can’t GO, this is an area of vital engagement for them. Paul talks about “being sent” in Romans 10. This is a critical area of involvement that most people cannot ignore. Everyone needs a wingman, the assist, the pulling guard, the blocker…you get the picture!
2.THE UNTOUCHABLES "Nic Fit"
Partnered with Johnny Herbert, Alesi cleverely moulded the team around him and drove out of his skin in 1998 to often qualify the car in the top ten and run strongly in the race. He survived the Spa carnage to finish third, pushing the two Jordan’s all the way to the finish. Fifth in Argentina and Monza plus sixth at Imola enabled Jean to outscore Herbert by 9-1. 1999 was more disappointing, with some shambolic performances such as qualifying 21st for the German Grand Prix! When another mechanical problem cost him a potential fourth place in Budapest, the emotional Alesi announced he was leaving Sauber at the end of the year, frustrated with lack of progress and more preferential treatment that paydriver Pedro Diniz seemed to be getting. Mind you Diniz outscored Alesi in 1999, so the team had a point.
Wright starts out with many of the same observations made by Polhill. Paul has a foot in three separate worlds, Jewish Greek and Roman. In fact, one of the things Wright has done well throughout all of his writings is to place the New Testament writers into the worldview of the first century. I will briefly define “worldview” here as the story a culture uses to answer the “big questions” of life. Worldviews are expressed in terms of cultural symbols and practice. For example, it is possible to describe the “American worldview” through the myth of the Old West as told in classic cowboy movies. In fact, if American had to choose a god it might very well be John Wayne, the rugged individualist who rides into town, defends the orphans and widows, shoots up the bad guys and rides off into the sunset. This is a story which is loosely based on reality which describes the way people in America think about their country.
There are lots of illegal things in this book. Karl rides around on a motorbike, underage. The soundtrack fills up with a variety of effects from roars to putters to the squeal of brakes. Karl's friend Jimmy, who is deaf and communicates only with sign language, rides a 1953 Triumph with a side car. The volume of motorbike noise goes through the roof when a group of Hells Angel wrinklies on Harley Davidsons rush past them near the pier.
F - Flan
Come to the dark side. We have cookies. - Anonymous
I put my living room back together, but I can pull it apart again. Do let me know if you wish to attend.
So begins the relationship and unique affair between Ana and Christian, he wants her, but not in the typical man loves woman scenario in most romance books. Christian woos Ana with gifts and unique dates. Christian is upfront with Ana, he isn't looking for love, but for a lover, a playmate, and his preferences are specific, he's looking for a submissive.
”Bird!” he yelled.
And that's why FIFA should make an exception this year, and give the award to both of them. Like a joint award. Just say the managers poll was tied or something. I mean they're FIFA, and based on what we saw and heard about the World Cup 2018/2022 selection process, pretty much everything is possible in football's headquarters! This time though, I'm sure the world will understand.
Here’s for the next week, starting today. Thanks for praying for India with me!
Hugh had been gone so much lately that he needed to see this.
Saturday morning we got up bright and early to go dominate the Nile river. I had been white water rafting twice before in the US but the rapids we experienced on the Nile were definitely more intense! We braved a few class 5′s, flipped twice, and went down a 15 ft water fall backwards, it was awesome! We dubbed our raft Team Warbirds.
Parish council chairman Chris Taylor told residents he felt they were in a strong position to win their fight after meeting with B&NES officers and representatives from the travelling community who said that in their opinion the site was not appropriate.
Recovering from a bad fall during competition, Amber McDonald decides to spend her last week of training before her next rodeo at a Colorado ranch, away from any and all distractions. It'd be the perfect arrangement—if only her fear wasn't stopping her from getting back on her horse.
Also, a lovely garden to have picnic
She enjoyed her packed lunch but didn't have time to finish everything but also said she was full. She doesn't yet have interest in buying lunch. She also got a snack after school in her after care program.
More importantly, it doesn’t carry the baggage of the original Prius, which is now called the Prius Liftback. I have never, EVER, seen any occupant of such a Prius smiling. The Prius c, OTOH, can’t be described as “schoolmarmish” at all. It actually looks like it might be fun to drive.
66. Spending the afternoon at Everett Crowley Park and letting the little boys run wild like little boys should.
This week we are proud to be sponsored by
El uso de la palabra (1979)
But to assess this film further one has to shift gears. The film transcends love. It grapples with death and “water” (read nature) as major belief of the Merjan community. Merjans believe that all souls live in the flowing waters. Flowing water is as holy for the Merjan as the river Ganges to the Hindus. And believe it or not, the two communities separated by a continent believe in cremating their dead and collecting the burnt remains and consigning those remains to the flowing waters. Even the wedding ring worn by the husband is thrown into the water. Amazing that two communities so distant believe in the same rituals. Aist, the narrator, states “Our cemeteries are almost empty, only the young are buried there.” The incredible end of the film has the husband and wife meeting in the waters of the river, while another son, father, mother and the poet’s typewriter all meet in the sacred river. The narrator mentions he now writes on the “fish’s bodies.” Of course the narrator is speaking from a watery grave. Meanwhile, the end credits show Merjan couples locking locks on bridges and throwing the keys into the river. The everlasting Merjan story seems to continue to be associated with rivers over generations.
Needless to say, when I shared my experience with folks at the office, I was told that such a thing happened a lot in Bangalore. I thanked them for having warned me in ‘advance’.
Rock Fever LP
I couldn’t have said it better myself.
The duration of membership of the Supreme Constitutional Court shall be four years renewable.
How about a brother and sister act - introducing Logan and Lilly. I've had these two almost done for the last couple of weeks and finally finished their hairdo, hat and bow today. I wasn't sure what to name them and had to call my daughter to get some ideas. She came up with several names which I can keep for next time I make up another pair of brothers and sisters. The pattern is from Sweet Meadow Farms.
discussed Metaphors & Onomatopoeia
The idea is simple. You tell The Boss what time you'd like a pick-up, I arrive ten to fifteen minutes earlier than that time and wait in your driveway. If I'm late or there's a problem, you will receive a phone call; if you don't receive a phone call, you can expect that I'll be waiting at the address provided, at the time stipulated.
So what is happening in Massachusetts, the people that Governor Romney said he wanted to go after, the people that were free-riding, free ridership has gone up five-fold in Massachusetts. Five times the rate it was before. Why? Because…
Toad in the Holes
Congressional Democrats and Republicans have diametrically opposed views with regard to debt-reduction and taxes, and therefore it is understandable that these discussions and coming to agreement would not be an easy thing to do. However, the job of congress, of our government in general, is to serve the people in this country. So it doesn't really matter whether they disagree or not, the very nature of politics, and their responsibility as politicians, is to compromise and come to agreements regardless of their differences.
Most of the time I go in for a couple of things and come out $300 poorer with tons of stuff I didn't know I needed! Does that happen to you too?
アメリカではリサイクルも日本の水準と比べるとはるかに低いレベルです。タイプ別に分けられた資源ゴミが、決まった曜日にきちんと指定された時間にゴミ収集場所に出されている、というのは私の住んでいた日本の街では当たり前のことでしたが、アメリカに住んだ後にそれを見ると、思わず拍手を送りたくなります。
To give a brief overview, when the Red Tory hit the scene David Cameron gobbled up his critique of market liberalism as the template through which he would detoxify his party from its Thatcherite associations. Of course, the economic crash did not help in that ambition, and the installation of George Osborne in No. 11 will always lead one to question the sincerity of Cameron’s conversion, but the important point was this: Team Cameron bought the economic argument whilst leaving Blond’s social analysis of liberalism well alone (which is why the Tory diagnosis of Broken Britain never really came with a cure).
Three things happen rather predicatably in the queue for coffee. There is always someone who is horrified by the price of a brownie. They're cheaper at the grocery store just up the street, and yet said person will complain to the barista about the prices before buying said brownie. Someone will complain that the location of the queue is not obvious. The location of the queue is completely obvious even to Americans who do not queue. And someone will complain that their cappuccino is mostly foam, or as those of us who make coffee like to call it--a cappuccino.
“Can I make it any clearer?” he yells on the recording. “Dads, the second you see that son dropping the limp wrist, you walk over there and crack that wrist. Man up. Give them a good punch. OK?”
Everything out there has its place in someones shopping cart, maybe not ours, but someone who doesn't know when enough is enough. Oh, I'm sure they mean well, but they have no, not even a basic low-level unacknowledged passing concern, self-awareness or grasp of free will to hold themselves back from dubious decisions. You could surmise they've operated on auto-pilot throughout eternity. Such is the round scripted lifestyle of which the human being is but a square peg on which minute-by-minute the chisels work to make us fit the prototype. The model. I passed children's dresses trying to find an exit and overheard the clerk tell a customer, "I'm taking this off the model because I have to have it, but come back later, we're restocking tonight." Actually, I was amazed I heard anything above the roar of gnashing consumption. It has a sound of its own like a sports stadium filled with puking migraine sufferers and crying babies.
After my book discussion group disbanded for the summer yesterday afternoon, a few of us hung around to talk politics and this very subject came up. The new president of France who ousted Sarkozy happens to be in a long term relationship with a woman to whom he is not married. So, will they inhabit the presidential palace as a couple? Do you think the French care a whit? Can you imagine an unmarried American man or woman running for election? Dogcatcher perhaps?
In 1948 London was a city devastated by bombing and austerity. But the years immediately after the war produced a surge of creative designers and artists responsible for gigantic leaps in innovation and creativity across a wide spectrum which impacted on objects, buildings, fashion and music. Walking through British Design 1948 – 2012, I was struck by the fact that everywhere I looked there were objects integral to what I lived with or saw or experienced as I was growing up. The Exhibition is a celebration of British Design but at the same time seems to be a potted history of my life.
- Xenu's Link Sleuth: tried this and it works great, many thanks to the anon who recommended it!
As with the desert god Yahweh who worked in collusion with Satan (myth of Job), Apophis was known to be associated with actions that were considered both good and evil, as a god or a demon. The webmaster at Crystalwind describes it like this:
The beach.
Remember VHS, wear purple, live gold!
Next came fragile sheets of Starch and Sugar Crystal, artfully painted with Pepper Praline and blobs of Spider Crab mousse. The savoury/sweet combination and crisp snap of sugar was a real delight. As the last shards melted on my tongue it started drizzling so we quickly downed our wine and dashed inside for the remainder of our courses.
I was thinking about making a new and improved safety demonstration for the airlines because really, the one they use now is pretty archaic. I mean, if you don't know how to fasten a seatbelt, you probably shouldn't be leaving your house. Instead of showing people how to fasten a seatbelt and put on an oxygen mask, I think the video should demonstrate how to get out of your seat without hanging on to the seat in front of you, pulling the occupant of said seat's hair, and annoying the snot out of her. It should also tell passengers how to keep their arms to themselves instead of encroaching upon other people's space. It should probably include a message about how important personal hygiene is during air travel as well.
Another major Household Binder item checked off the list! Still have a lot to push out to you this week though, so we can get them done and link up on Friday! Maybe some double post days are in your future this week!
Paper Trimmer, Tombow Tape Runner, and my Glitter Pen
And on May 24/25 in Brussels, I'll be leading some discussions with a variety of retailers on how we build support in businesses to tackle these issues. More on that is here.
Reason: “I couldn’t know it had been which essential.Inch
I don't know what else to say....EXCEPT..
In an earlier blog I took a short look at magic, especially as it applied to modern religion and myths. I say modern religion because most religions around today are less that three thousand years old, while scientists tell us that people have been civilized in one form or another for more that five thousand years.
Add juice one tablespoon at a time and mix thoroughly after each addition. Frosting will have smoothed out at this point - if not, add juice a tiny bit at a time until "just right".
I have a few from my sweetie that say I love you, your PC or I love you with all my heart Your PC.
Someone who I can trust whose heart is right
Rating: Six of Ten Stars
*Disclaimer - I received the DVD mentioned above for review purposes. In no way did this alter my opinion of their products. All of my opinions are one hundred percent honest and true.*
The hotel had an equally swanky restaurant. The maitre d' was a grimly efficient woman who presided over her dining room very much like a third grade teacher governing her classroom -- with acute attention and an equal amount of thinly disguised condescension.
Likes for the bike:
"The media doth protest too much," I thought (with apologies to Queen Gertrude in Hamlet). As for Gandhi, a quote commonly attributed to him may shed light on where we are in the peak oil debate: "First they ignore you. Then they laugh at you. Then they attack you. Then you win."
14 oz can of beef broth
According to the police, the desperate robber walked into the Romantix Pleasure Palace around 3 a.m. on January 12 and, standing erect at the counter, whipped out his. . . knife and wagged it in the clerk's face.
Starting round 1...
Documents show that consultant AKRF was working on AY for Forest City Ratner before it was hired by the ESDC, but the agency's conflict-of-interest policy doesn't address issues of consecutive representation. Also, AKRF was hired without any competitive bidding or public notice because the ESDC was convinced speed and continuity were important.
Despite losing their Caia Park seats both Carrie Harper and Marc Jones are determined to continue to represent the people of Caia Park.
* Assorted patriotic decors
8.) Fun Chum Products
Two weeks from today I'm going to be on a beach in Mexico.
Supertramp Little bit UK
This is meditation.
It doesn't help that I am super hormonal and grief stricken simultaneously...Does midol make a pill for that: bloating, headache, heartache, cramps, general malaise, dead baby, fixer upper pill? I had my first period on the 9th of this month. I bought OPK sticks, but I don't really need them because I can feel when I am ovulating. I had sex, I was hopeful. That was 9 days ago, today I started bleeding. I didn't think you could get your period 9 days after you ovulated. So I am cranky, sad, tired, pissed off. I started crying tonight, openly in front of my husband and he says "sometimes it seems like you want people to say something and then you don't want them to either" So WHAT if I am crazy, SOMETIMES I just need him to say "yeah, fuck all those alive babies" and "All those ladies are bitches" but he won't, that's not him. But I don't feel supported. I told him I need him to get angry with me or sad and he said being angry is a waste of energy and he won't do it. FINE but let me be angry, don't judge me for being PISSED that my DAUGHTER DIED! It's bad enough that I feel alone in this without feeling even more alone because the one person (husband who also has a dead daughter) doesn't seem to get it either. Even if it isn't logical...my feelings are VALID.
Finally!
The guard was a good guy. He has very little English, and I have absolutely no Farsi or Arabic or Urdu (thank you google). So, we discussed the philosophical import of the current global climate orbiting around the international impact of the information super highway and way to improve X25 packet transmissions.
Knitter or Crocheter
The first leg of the holiday for Noah and I was a trip to the beautiful city of Sydney. I hatched a plan for this stopover for a number of reasons. Firstly I wanted a chance to catch up with a good friend I hadn't seen for several years. Secondly I thought my parents could join us and get to spend some quality time with Noah. They seem him almost every day but it's not the same as 'living' with him for 4 days. They really loved it and they really got to see him in his every day 'real life'. My last reason was to break up the travel for both Noah and pregnant mama and to give Daddy a chance to wrap up work stuff without any distractions. Almost without fail when we head on holidays Rob spends the last week working long hours in a frantic attempt to finalise everything ready for when he's away. We usually don't see much of him at those times anyway so why not sneak in some extra holiday fun.
I gotta give Lumiere Cosmetics a plus for this great idea. This is a great option if you do not like your cosmetics in a mineral form, as mineral cosmetics can get pretty messy at times! Do not get me wrong, I love my mineral products but I do agree that sometimes it can get a bit annoying when you accidentally spill the products, and not to mention the massive fall out using mineral eye shadows. So, I got to say that I am loving this wonderful idea!
I never want you to go
Simon Chase and Angelo Bigi provided their views on the cigar - a 2006 release in only 200 humidours. The cigar was good, quite peppery but overall medium bodied, not necessarily my favorite. It was complemented very well by the champagne though!
The best player on the ice tonight besides Rick Nash may have been Columbus's goalie Steve Mason. He's been having an up and down season. But tonight, he was mint with 32 saves.
The grotesquery that was her estranged father turns to her and waves purposefully at her, which throws up a wave of concussive force that flings her across the room. She crashes hard into the metallic wall and slumps painfully to the floor, her bare flesh landing with the sound of raw meat.
Point goes to Cassie :)
1944 – Going My Way
I want to thank you dear friends for your prayers that I had requested. It seems God has a plan for our family that at times, I wish He let me on them.
Of course, this latter preference presupposes faith seeking understanding at least as much as the former presupposes a closed cosmos. Nonetheless I can imagine (and some people would say they have found it to be so) situations in which a person starting with methodological atheism finds the theistic narrative has greater global explanatory power, and someone starting with a theistic narrative who finds the sociological narrative so persuasive it draws them towards atheism.
The "Island" of misfit Castaways still keeps secrets:
In the wake of the announcement that he has taken an ‘extended break’ from football as he recovers from ulcerative colitis, Manchester United and Scotland are posed with the challenge of finding a replacement.
LES MISERABLES directed by Claude Lelouch
She takes you down to the river
House Republicans investigating the Fast and Furious scandal plan to pursue a contempt citation against Attorney General Eric Holder, senior congressional aides told CBS News.
Nope. It discussed time management basically, but . . . don’t we already know this? Am I being too picky? Do I really know more than I think I do and I just need to keep plugging along? It’s a balance – no duh.
Next we have our weekly winner, chosen by Mr Random. Congratulations go to ...
Sir Michael Wood said this was “probably the first and only occasion” that a minister rejected his legal advice in this way.
It’s nice to see some good music featured on a major channel at prime time, long may it continue.
7. This week I relearned to have fun playing with blocks and LEGOs and cars again, because the dinner was already made. Oh, life is good.
For me fashion week is as much about "people watching" as it is attending shows! I am always on "designer bag alert" and day one saw Pearl carrying a gorgeous fabric Chanel and I spotted another wish list favourite, the Celine Luggage Tote .......
Still live in my heart all a-lone.
The garden and our two resident Buddhas changed.
A good example is Frédéric Auburtin and Gérard Depardieu's Quartier Latin, which consists entirely of a conversation between a divorcing couple played by Gena Rowlands and Ben Gazzara. The segment gets by entirely on the charm of the actors, the casual way they trade gently barbed insults, smiling all the while, an affectionate older married couple who might even stay together if they weren't already so thoroughly on the path towards separate lives. The dialogue has a fizz and crackle that's especially well-suited to Rowlands' brassy bravado and razor-tongued wit, while fellow John Cassavetes veteran Gazzara radiates gravel-voiced aging machismo. It's a great piece that pays tribute to the two actors' careers and histories, providing an affectionate ode to the cinema of Cassavetes by casting two of his finest actors in roles that draw on their full, well-lived lives, on-screen and off. A similar tone inflects Richard LaGravenese's Pigalle, another showcase for and love letter to aging stars, in which Fanny Ardant and Bob Hoskins play an old showbiz couple who enjoy playing roles, acting out, talking through their troubled marriage in grand gestures, theatrical slaps and sexual gamesmanship. As in the Rowlands/Gazzara scene, this segment is at least in part about the stars themselves, their personae and their screen histories, and like Quartier Latin it's a charming, subtly funny piece with wit to spare.
Other than Bridge and Tunnel, what other bands/projects are you all involved with?
This fortnight's challenge is being sponsored by the fabby Meljen Designs who are offering our lucky winner 4 images of their choice, so I hope we'll see you all joining in with the challenge again this time and don't forget to check out the challenge blog for the winner of our Simon Says Stamp prize and our Top 3 from last time.
Organizers want May Day to demonstrate Occupy’s alliances with other movements, some occupy affinity groups are planning more confrontational protests. One anonymous New York-based group, for instance, has vowed to blockade a bridge or tunnel leading into Manhattan.
Brazil has not been immune to the impact of the global financial crisis, but this has not stopped it overtaking the UK as the sixth largest economy in the world and remaining a favoured destination for international investors. In the process, it is becoming an engine of growth for other countries in South America.
Fragment IDs, for smaller bits of a document
Replying to your letter of the 8th inst. in regard to the location of the intake pipe for the water supply at your post I would suggest that you consult Lieut. Col. Alexander M. Miller of the Engineer Corps, whose office is at 2728 Penna. Ave., Washington, D.C. Col Miller has been engaged for some years in the practical study of the water supply of the city of Washington, he is no doubt familiar with the points at which sewage and factory refuse are poured into the Potomac, and could give an expert opinion as to the points from which water could be taken with the least danger of sewage contamination during unusual conditions of flood in the river.
I smiled when I saw the side of the greenhouse, with its broken pots and the general garden detritus that we all accumulate. It looked somewhat out of place juxtaposed with a carefully mown lawn and an interesting wavy wall neatly planted at the base with iris and euphorbia. I later learned that the wall is known as a Serpentine or Crinkle Crankle Wall. Initially designed for planting of fruit trees and always built east-west it captures the suns rays.
The application also recognizes the risk of exotic species and diseases to escape the facility into Pacific Grove.
1 kg. fish.
“Well?” “Well WHAT?” “Well…has HE CALLED?” “Nope.” “Ugh.” And so began a weekend of us taking turns making the “ugh” sound as the conversation spun.
Synthetic Pigment Colors Flesh Pink
Another note on music. I loaded my iPod with about 65 songs, repeating some personal favorites a few times. I set it on Shuffle on purpose, knowing it wouldn’t help me through every minute but hoping random songs would help. The first 2 hours the music was AWESOME and I enjoyed every song. I had it LOUD and it was motivating. After that, occasionally songs would come on that would make me smile and or pick up my step (“Theme from Rocky” anyone?) but it wasn’t as great of an influence or distraction after that. Still glad I had it!
14.Los Endos 6:47
Last week I did seem to cut it short but it was my birthday, I had some gorgeous pressy's, mainly crafting items.
I've been down and out with migraines, but there are more Blissdom recaps to come. I have a photography session today, and one last one tomorrow. Today's focuses (ha! I'm punny!) on capturing the moment in photography to help you capture and save the moments that mean something to you. Aimee Giese presented a ton of tips, and I need to go back and read this again myself!
There are always way more of them than any translator is comfortable with (which would be zero). Some puns are easier to translate, some puns are more difficult, but you should always aim to translate them and keep them funny. If the joke is most important than the meaning, then as a last resort I consider it acceptable to deviate from the original meaning – though that should be avoided whenever possible. Even when it’s not possible, try to keep the meaning as close to the original as possible.
For submissions or more information please contact neon@northeastofnorth.com using NEoN Submission in the subject line.
I let them slip away from us when things got bad
The 30 year old PRC man who caused the fatal accident at the Budget Terminal tried to flee from the scene before the arrival of police officers, according to one eye-witness.
But I didn't notice any stains on the white vent...
So, you may be asking yourself, what did Liz think of the film? She enjoyed it. She laughed out loud at parts. She also agreed with me that, in many instances, the dialogue and story connect on a much more personal, emotional level than Kevin’s work is really ever given credit for doing. However, she was recovering from a pretty major bout of illness, so she wasn’t overly talkative about her feelings on the film. Though, if I had to guess from her reactions, her favorite part of the movie was that there was a cat in it. Though, to be fair, that is her favorite part of anything.
Equip your child to be a leader
232And stir within me every source of love.
Right now, I’m taking a focus on increasing my leafy greens in my diet. I’m adding more salads, more green snacks and my animals stare at me with envy when I’m eating dinner. I’m trying to up my top of the food density choices. Once you figure out broadly how to live, you tweak and make adjustments until you have honed in on your ideal way of eating.
Vitamin B2. A shortage of this vitamin, which is also known as riboflavin, can result in sores and a swollen tongue and mouth.
Shoeshine – 3
Marie and the B team gals
It's a tradition from Eastern Europe and Germany that's been in our family for generations (and one that's especially common in the ethnic bakeries of Chicago, where my Mum's side of the family lives). Sadly, I don't have a lamb cake to share with you today - instead, this post is all about my cast iron lamb cake pan, which I rescued from rusty ignominy.
years ago. It is super easy and only takes about 30 minutes. When I made Bobby one, I added some dino spikes to the hood. He loved it!! He 'ROARED' all the way from the bathroom to his room! Lily was growing out of her store bought hooded towels, so I made her one also. A girly one. She looks so cute all bundled up!
As much as aging scares the hell out of me, I also look forward to getting older. I fear the lost youth but I am excited for the gained wisdom. It is a trade off.
Perhaps it is their inbred attitude to complain, protest and threaten.
* But Captain, that man’s a stowaway.
So that Saturday night, I watched the tragedy play out. Lear’s misguided loyalty— the evil betrayal of Goneril, Regan, Edmund— the selfless loyalties of Kent and Cordelia—the bloodless stabbings—the bloody tearing out of Gloucester’s eyes-- that “vile gel” flung against the castle wall— there was Lear’s madness— terrible, pathetic, sad, angry, at times even comical.
Wintersteiger brought an action for an injunction in Austria, together with an application for protective measures, requiring Products 4U to stop using the trade mark WINTERSTEIGER as an AdWord on the google.de search engine. Initially this application was ruled inadmissible on the grounds of lack of international jurisdiction in that, since the AdWord concerned was limited to google.de, there was insufficient connection with Austrian territory. On appeal, the Oberlandesgericht Linz took the opposite view: there was jurisdiction, it held, but still dismissed the action as to the substance. A further appeal to the Oberster Gerichtshof resulted in that court referring the following questions to the Court of Justice for a preliminary ruling:
I would not ask for a single thing to be different. I love my family and consider myself to be very very loved.
The parties Syriza represents include the Coalition of Left Movements and Ecology and a revolutionary-Marxist group called the Internationalist Workers’ Left. Syriza leader Alexis Tsipras recently explained that while the group isn’t set on leaving the euro, it will put an end to Greek “sacrifices” that serve only “oligarchs, the plutocrats, big capital.” But Syriza wasn’t the only surprise winner on Sunday. The KKE Communist Party also did better than expected with 7.5%-9.5%.
My baby turned 15 yesterday.
OnStar’s Mobile Application allows drivers to communicate with their Volt from Droid by Motorola, Apple iPhone and Blackberry Storm smartphones. It uses a real-time data connection to perform tasks from setting the charge time to unlocking the doors.
One of our new developments we are excited about is that we are going to offer this as a webinar and/or e-course so anyone will have access to it. Let us know if you are interested and we’ll send you the details.
The ABC Book of Literary Devices is an excellent tool for individual writers looking to improve their craft or for classroom language arts/English teachers to use with students.
Strucinski was also victim of theft, police say.
You can grow your own herbs and natural remedies right at your door, and with a bit of luck, and sunshine, or light from your bulbs this time of the year, you can grow the most beautiful present anyone could possibly receive. Rosemary and thyme can be found in little starts at the nurseries, but for annuals like basil and parsley, you need to start your own seeds. Keep the pot in a warm, sunny or well-lighted place all winter long, and in the spring, you can re-plant outdoors.
Johnson sentenced him to two years in prison on a charge of drunken driving and to five years on a charge of obstructing justice, two of which were suspended.
I absolutely adored the Christmas Cupcake set that they sent me. The liners were thick and held up nicely when the batter was being poured into them. And the picks were super cute (a Santa, a stocking, a tree and a reindeer) and coordinated with the liners. The kit came with 24 liners (2 styles) and 24 picks (6 of each design), everything you need to make some super cute cupcakes. I actually sprinkled some red and green jimmies (Not included) on top of mine for some added flair. My kids loved the look of the cupcakes. They practically begged me to let them take the cupcakes to school to share with their friends. I haven't used the cupcake wrappers yet, but if they are anything like the cupcake kit, I'm sure I will love them as well.
1. I prefer to eat my worms and grubs (and other such delicacies) with a light seasoning of olive oil and garlic - this is a little treat I discovered whilst on Earth. Since we don't have olive trees on Novapulse, I had to bring back crates of olive oil with me when I returned. Now I'm running low on supplies - 'cos it seems the other chickens like it too. Perhaps one of you would be willing to send me more? We could set up and import/export arrangement - you could send me olive oil, I could send you Granny Were when she's lunar...
The chain it came with is in 16 inches silver. The chain has a round acrylic tag, placed where the closure is located (same as the one shown in CBT's Closet-Heart Knuckles Necklace review). The tag has the company's name "CBT's Closet" engraved on the inside.
Back by popular demand! Please enter and I will pick one winner who will become a decently large character in the next Dulcie book!
And that was after a bunch of tempura and soup. David even ordered some sort of jellied bean paste thing for dessert, and then had another dessert at the show. When we go off a diet we REALLY go off a diet.
I haven't been completely idle this week, dizziness notwithstanding. As well as being an artist, I do makeup videos and tutorials, and I'm going to be doing the makeup for a charity fashion show in May - which means lots of sketches! :)
Then came act two, you
At the start of April I began my new job, and it’s going well. In that time, sales are up, accounts are up, staff morale is up – it’s all good. I’m not saying it is all down to me but I have definitely contributed to that.
Changing the education system is similar to weight reduction, only enormously more complicated.
I am in awe of those of you that can put into words so eloquently what you are thinking...making us all laugh, cry, think, and ponder. It is such a gift. My friend Mrs. Bee has this gift. It's amazing. You feel so normal when reading her stories, like she could be your next door neighbor or your best friend. Not only does she inspire us with some real, serious stuff...but in the same breath she will mention all the things that make her life so imperfectly wonderful...poking fun at herself, bathroom humor, family tidbits, messes, and crazy food adventures...all the things that so easily connect us all as Moms. And again, over at Snapshots, Morgan shares her heart so eloquently. She has such a gift for connecting her heart stirring moments to scripture and creating a beautiful learning moment...not only for herself, but also her readers. I feel so connected with her as a Mom, as the love for her kids is so evident. And for kicks and giggles, she throws in awesome parenting experiences and yummy recipes. Great blog to keep up with. The gift of writing is so powerful. It can turn a negative into a positive and turn a struggle into a hopeful journey. I applaud these women and am so thankful to have connected with them. What a blessing.
Considered as the ultimate color of romance, this pale shade is said to be the favorite shade of most women across the world. Perhaps the most feminine shade ever, pink usually denotes romance, friendship, innocence, charm, tenderness, etc. Not a surprise that if given a choice most women would opt for a pink Summer Wedding. While its darker cousin red symbolizes passionate love, pink is ideal to denote romantic love. Pink is the most popular choice for Summer Weddings as it blends with the whole theme of nature in its full bloom. For a pretty and charming Summer Wedding, right from the décor to the Bridal outfit, pink is the color to be remembered.
had made a pass at her girlfriend but Reese was committed to Gwynn. Once Thorn
It is now 6 years from the day Brad proposed to me and our love story began, and our darling daughters will celebrate their first birthday next week. Brad is 5-1/2 years cancer free, and is considered cured. We have seen miracle after miracle in our lives together during those 6 years, and we treasure every day because we have learned that there are no guarantees in life, and that time spent with family and loved ones bring us true joy in the journey. We have wonderful memories intertwined with the hardships and heartaches, but we know that we are so blessed to be where we are today. We thank the Lord everyday for each other, our good health, our beautiful baby girls, and the many miracles – large and small – that we have experienced in our lives.
We hope you'll stop by for a visit soon.
Challenge will last from today February 10 through February 24. Winner will be posted by February 26.
From the end of July to October, hump-backed whales, the biggest in the world, visit the area and charm visitors with their mating songs.
In Norway, “threatening or scaring people into silence” isn’t a bug, it’s a feature.
~~About the book...
comen he is of great
So I finished the book I was reading instead – Never Let Me Go by Kazuo Ishiguro. Beautiful but very sad. Gets very mixed reviews I see but I was gripped. It has a science fiction setting but is really about love, the difficulty of expressing what you feel, and how you cope with the inevitability of loss.
For more information about the Historic Angus Herd Award, Angus cattle and the American Angus Association’s programs and services, visit www.angus.org.
Bake for 20 to 25 minutes. Use a toothpick or fork to test if it is cooked in the center.
We head out to find fruit at one of the multitudes of fruit stands along the road. The boys are enamored with the fresh coconuts, hacked open and served with a straw, as well as the bunches of tiny bananas.
Consider the case of Abu Hamza, that charmingly photogenic favourite of the British tabloids up until his arrest, trial, and incarceration by the British state. Given that the Home Office granted him a British passport after his (reputedly bigamous) marriage to a UK citizen, he was declared, in effect, by the state to be as British as anyone else.
I’m pissed off, and I was not treated with respect today.
"It's like they just see things simpler. Apple = ball = throw ball = fun!"
5: 11:35-11:40
This time she was more tame.
Socci believes that when John Paul II decided to release the Secret, a power-struggle of sorts erupted in the Vatican. He postulates that John Paul II and Cardinal Ratzinger wanted to release the Secret in its entirety, but Cardinal Sodano, then Vatican Secretary of State, opposed the idea. And opposition from a Vatican Secretary of State is formidable.
When I reached my mid teens he decided to teach me to tie flies. When he did he also gave me a book called “Artificial Flies : How To Tie Them” by L. Vernon Bates. The book was printed in 1959, its small and blue, a bit battered but its one of the few things that I have that are a direct link to my grandfather. The other is a book of poems.
fair share/I don't know where to start to describe what's wrong here.
*Chef Paul is one of the coolest chefs in town, and I've never seen him angry.
Yes, once again, a friend in need.
because it ruined your day sort of?
Take a look at Debra’s last point above. Your best approach online, whether you believe all this social media stuff or not, is to ensure that who you are, where you are, and who you connect to reflect your online goals, because search is going social, whether you like it or not.
I've been a very bad Cookie Carnival baker! I have quite a stack of cookie recipes piling up to bake from this event but I couldn't resist this month's challenge which was actually for Fudgy Cats ... owing to not having the correct sized cookie cutter I decided to improvise and then the creative juices started to flow and I ended up with Fudgy Mummies, just right for handing out to any guisers who may call.
Once you spend a little time with Springpad, you’ll undoubted find it to be very useful in many aspects of your daily life too.
Equity Balance @ 10/31/2011: $3,928.31
But I will say that despite knowing most of what’s on this other blog, I still like the way it’s written, it lets no one off easy, and with North America (or at least, the United States) in the situation it’s in today fat-wise, it shouldn’t.
3 normally
Later on some cities, already existing before Alexander, would be given Greek names, such as Beyt Shean, which would be known as Scythiopolis, though this would mostly be done in later time, as reaction against revolts or other things. One of the – I hope – best known examples is Jerusalem, which – after the revolt of Bar Kochba in 132-135 – was renamed Aelia Capitolina, or rather, Jerusalem was so destroyed that Hadrian, the then emperor, had to rebuild a city, which was to be known as Aelia Capitolina, a city dedicated to the Roman god Jupiter. Another city having its name changed was Sh’chem, the city were the sister of the twelve Israelite brothers (who would give names to the twelve Israelite tribes), Dinah, was raped and later revenged. Sh’chem was to be called Neapolis and stay under that name for many years, and only today is it again known as Sh’chem, though only in Hebrew.
Then, the dilemma became do I try to find something for under $275 or buy something bigger that I could put the $275 toward? I was paralyzed with indecision!
I truly love this country of my birth and, particularly, the vagaries of its climate, but one of the main topics of conversations, particularly when strangers meet, is the British weather. Luckily, we are currently blessed with warm, sunny days and cool, clear skied nights which enhance our abilty to sleep soundly and brighten our mornings with sunlight and warmth. We see people in shorts and sun tops walking about with smiling faces and happy children. Long may these bright days watch over us as we are reminded of those long hot summers of our childhood, when this season seemed to last forever.
However, the Bodos are struggling to preserve their cultural heritage as the traditional Hindu Assamese society looks down upon them. The conversion of many Bodos to Christianity or Hinduism has made their fight even tougher.
13Therefore, prepare your minds for action; be self-controlled; set your hope fully on the grace to be given you when Jesus Christ is revealed. 14As obedient children, do not conform to the evil desires you had when you lived in ignorance. 15But just as he who called you is holy, so be holy in all you do; 16for it is written: “Be holy, because I am holy.”
Struck
I will be using Sweet Cheeks diaper laundry soap on a regular basis. It comes in many different yummy scents like Monkey Farts (I don't know if I will use this, my little monkey does enough of that on his own. LOL), Sweet Clementine, Butter Cream Cupcake and many more.
Grrrr. I know this is probably not worth blogging about, but if you play enough, it almost becomes a self-esteem thing. And, I'm usually pretty good, as I'm a bald-faced liar. However, tonight I couldn't have even sold my best lie to my mother. (Which is, of course, "No, Mom, I'm not drunk!")
What's an unexpected purchase that you've made lately?
Damn, I love these leather pants! I feel so badass in them, and I love the colour and the cut. I am really glad to be wearing them more as an everyday item instead of saving them for special occasions. I last wore them here.
Chris Young & Jerrod Neimann opened the show. They both put on a great show. The lady I bought the tickets from said she was going to see Jerrod, and I don't blame her. He was really great and not hard to look at! The lady in front of us was there to see Chris Young. He has one of the best voices I've heard in Country music, but he was pretty sweaty. Only downside to good seats, I guess!
Spyware works like adware but is usually a separate program that is installed unknowingly when you install another freeware type program or application. Once installed, the spyware monitors user activity on the Internet and transmits that information in the background to someone else. Spyware can also gather information about e-mail addresses and even passwords and credit card numbers.
There is one reason bigger than all of these, a reason so tremendous that I would not be able to overcome the sheer magnitude of this prehistoric problem.
But we have a drummer, the Heir says because he is loyal.
After a few minutes God said, "You want two lanes or four on that bridge?"
UPDATE: 26th February, 2011. It is confirmed by the Irish Times today that next Friday’s motions hearing at the Supreme Court is both to seek leave to appeal the decision of the High Court to reject the scheme of arrangement and to seek the continuation of examinership protection pending the outcome of any appeal. The Irish Times says that next Friday will mark Day 190 of the case, I make it Day 173 by reference to the granting of full examinership (as opposed to interim examinership). The relevance of the ordinal is that examinership in Ireland is commonly said to grant protection for 70-100 days and clearly in this case the clarification of the High Court decision and the appeal is going to run a coach and four through that period.
There’ll be songs off the new album too. See you there, brothers and sisters.
I intend to laugh more every day
A police officer came and made everyone move farther down the street. “It was not safe! The firefighters need room to work! Did anyone see someone running away before it started? Go to the police car down the block the give the officer there your statement if you did.” He barked into the crowd. No one moved from their new vantage point.
I don’t know much about modelling. My initial reaction is that it’s seedy and dangerous for teenage girls. But the only model I actually know is delightful and had a great experience. What’s the truth? It’s something many of my fans may consider, so I ought to have an informed opinion.
This is exactly what the ANC has done. They have appointed Bheki Cele, a corrupt Mafioso wannabee Snoop Dog pimp type Black man in charge of the police as the National Police Commissioner. They have put him above the law and he went on and ordered the police to shoot to kill and ask questions later
Angelina looked with alarm at Juniper.
There’s one thing that’s ever worked for me, and it’s worked in 1 treatment 50% of the time, 2 or 3 treatments the other 50% of the time. Apparently some people don’t know about this, so I thought I’d post it here.
I have been the initiator, but it’s not like L didn’t see the appeal on her own. She emailed me a link once to a Salon.com interview with members of the “spanking community.” The interview explained what “red,” “blue,” “yellow,” and “vanilla” meant.
In February 2011 an Israeli flag was stolen when the local chapter of MIFF put up a stand in the city. Mehrnaz Bamdadsoofi was issued a fine of Nok 4000 for the theft of the flag, but this didn’t prevent her from participating in a new harassment campaign against MIFF in September last year.
With colder weather forecast in these parts, there's a chance the outside water supply might freeze at some time between now and Christmas, so I reckon it's a good idea to get a brew on while the going's good.
The hostages, mostly Israelis, and therefore Jewish, had been traveling from Tel Aviv to Athens aboard an Air France jetliner when their plane was hijacked by terrorists. The flight was then diverted to Uganda where the terrorists were given haven by dictator Idi Amin.
Best Councillor of the Year (runner-up)
The mystery and legend surrounding the Grosvenor and her cargo , continued on for a long, long time, with rumours of gold and treasure sparking several treasure hunt expeditions! You can read about all of it in the same book, as well as find snippets here.
The pizza I tried tonight had no sauce. It was personal-sized, on a thin but soft and substantial crust. The toppings, pretty much chosen for me, included chopped green peppers and tomatoes, thin slices of mushroom, and meat in the form of chopped kalbas and discs of saucise (baloney and hot dog, respectively), and were packed in to the very edges of the crust. All of this was topped with a layer of cheese, then browned fast and at high temperature, resulting in vegetables that stayed bright and just barely cooked under a puffy layer of crisp browned cheese. Evidently the Tehran cool kids squirt these guys generously with ketchup and ranch dressing -- bizarre to me, but I must admit, it works. Persian pizza is not the high cuisine of the shahs, but you know what? It's really satisfying.
I saw these questions posted at http://weight-loss.fitness.com/t/52352/sarahs-got-her-groove-back and decided to answer them for myself. I think the exercise of answering these questions definitely helps shed some light on where the issues lie and can help identify a few more areas to work on. If anyone has thoughts, comments or wants to share their own answers I’d love to read em.
* Broad understanding of epidemiological concepts
(Summary and comment to an article that appeared on the website of an Afrikaans news provider)
A starship captain and a member of the hani race.
Friday we got to sleep in a little bit before we headed to Wild Wing Café around noon where the open shades, 70-degree weather and unlimited hot wings convinced us all we were in Florida and that it was summertime. At Wild Wing Café, Connor attempted “The Saltine Challenge”. The challenge is to eat ten saltine crackers in one minute without a beverage. Connor’s valiant effort for legend status was to no avail. I’m voting for “The Gallon Challenge” (drinking a gallon of milk in an hour without throwing up) to take place on our next off day.
Me: Yes, and they know that I went to theFamily JusticeCenter, they know I met with a lawyer today.
And that is my reason for this post. I hope our story will make a difference to someone. To you. To your kids. To your grandkids. Please, make them wear their helmets.
Immolated strength
I have other favorites but they're church cookbooks or old and out of print.
Cook the onion & cumin seeds in the oil, over a medium heat, until the onion is soft. Add the garlic, ginger and the rest of the spices and cook for a minute. Tip in the lentils and cook for another minute while coating in the spices. Add 1/2 litre veg stock, take off the heat and carefully blend with a stick blender(you don’t want to splash yourself or the kitchen!) until it is smooth ish but still has texture. Put it back on the heat, add the lemon juice, fresh coriander, salt & black pepper then taste it. You may need more salt or lemon juice.
Even though the library had Internet access, I couldn’t get to my files at home because I don’t run server apps on my home servers that can be accessed from the outside world. Without my research plan and notes, I had to guess at what I probably wanted. The fact that closing time was near only added to the pressure of finding what I hoped to obtain if I ever visited this location.
Hamid stands cornered in the corridor with a black eye, a shopping bag and his plastic magic charm bracelet on his wrist. He’s wearing a tight pink T-shirt that exposes his fat stomach, a pair of women’s green leggings and rubber flip-flops all borrowed from Patty. Bewildered, he peers at the old man like a son laying eyes on his father for the first time in years. He is dead drunk from Patty’s whisky.
Boat Shoes. I have been trumpeting boat shoes since I started writing Carl’s Crush, and I think they are going to be huge again this summer. So huge, in fact, that I think you need to find a pair that has something a little special so you can stand out from the crowd. These multicolored deck shoes from Lanvin will be suitably unique, plus they’re Lanvin.
We've still only been together a little less than a thousand days, Rosie and I, but we both have had a fair idea of what's gone on for the other one in every single one of them. Speaking personally, they were when things suddenly got a fuck of a lot easier. The first 10,000, though, are the ones we really talk about, slowly.
Okay, now pick your jaw up off the floor, and wipe the drool from your chin.
Yesterday, phone calls to the MSPCA were not returned. German vet Birgit Wellmann, who had to rescue her own dog from a pound, said: Sterilisation is the way forward but no one will listen. It is heartbreaking.’
4) Movies.
Wall & Stand mounted available
(Genaral Najiya, Anwaar and Fareda stand up as the servants retreat to the right side of the stage.)
(I did this all on my own. My husband couldn't handle it.)
Lesson learned - when you need something, look to the local guy first!! It's certainly not always the case that what you can find locally will be not only less expensive but also better quality - but it frequently works out that way. We're so conditioned to think "big box store" when we need something - it's a habit that's not easy to break. I haven't shopped at Walmart for years, but I still go to Target, Home Depot, Lowe's, etc. more frequently than I probably even realize. I wonder if I could go the rest of the year without shopping a big box store. Hmm... that's a challenge I might have to consider for myself. Stay tuned!
Anyways... what's up for grabs...
#3 is a complete fabrication. I have never even been to a carnival, let alone mounted an elephant as part of one. I did once go to the circus when I was 4, but my Mother made me wear a very dodgy pair of green trousers and a donkey thought my legs were particularly succulent, well-grown blades of grass and tried to eat me. Don’t even get me started on the clowns.
Their work on prisons is to be commended. I would only echo their assertion of the growing importance of the “prison industrial complex” and the idea of those in prison as not just a labor reserve army, but as “surplus human beings”. The role of humanism in this matter becomes very evident, as does the idea of going “lower and deeper” into the proletariat….
I added this one to my queue more recently, October 15, 2011. This one calls for lace 2-ply. I think I have enough Jojoland Cashmere in the stash, a full skein plus the leftovers from another skein I used to make a Brandywine Shawl for my friend Hope (which I just realized I still haven’t blogged about – bad me!).
Though I'm surrounded by clever interesting people, and green sprouting Canadiack spring, squirrels of many stripes, woodchucks and swans and frogs and swollen rivers, and though I've only been away a week, and though I am a grown-up independent person with an internet connection who's traveled before and for longer, I've been finding myself pining for home. I had an unexpected moment of joy at the Australian accent of the international reverse charges telephone operator, and felt my heart snap when I heard Beatrice Cat meow somewhere on the other side of my phone call.
Will it be hard for you, as a musician, to step into the role of the journalist? Some of the people that will be working for the magazine (Mínus drummer Bjössi and rapper Dóri DNA) are also musicians, do you think there is any danger of the people involved being to close to the scene they are covering?
71 year-old Neil Diamond married his 42 year-old manager over the weekend. He must have brought her flowers. She must have sung him love songs.
1 is 1. It is not two it is not three it is not four it is not five and it is not anything but what it is: a ONE (1) God is NOT three IN one. He is ONE.
We get back home to find
Criminal
But, of course, Mr. Bhagat himself would say that his writing, though not very ‘eloquent’ has a lot of insight. Plus, there’s the off chance that he might actually write a malformed twitter note about this blog. So I’m just goint to end this review.
Good Evening my friends! I love Christmas and the New Year, but I am so glad the holidays are over. I am ready to settle down to just plain normal.
Search through your house for little bits and pieces for display, in this case I have some of my fledgling milk glass collection and some of my design books. If a guest is staying over, they will have something nice to look through!
The State of Oklahoma took an important stance against human trafficking in April when Gov. Mary Fallin proclaimed National Crime Victims Week.
I'm on fire. I've had some inspiration whack me upside the head recently and it's my hope and prayer that the ideas I am trying to record will come to fruition through partnerships with others in my church family.
In the meanwhile, I am posting for the Poetry Foundation's Harriet blog again, and my musings, such as they are, can be found there throughout the summer. Given my current financial state and my mounting medical expenses, that venue takes priority, as it pays.
"Well," I said rather feebly, "My goodness. Wasn't that interesting. Say, it's a beautiful day out there! How would you guys like to go outside and play?"
If your dream is to make a living from your art, check out art licensing and print-on-demand – they might help to make your dream come true!
i wouldn't go broke picking out a million little embellishments because
I finally get social media. No, I didn’t just acquire 500 LinkedIn connections, or get my Twitter account up and running. Like 3/4ths of the human population, I have been a user of social media for years. It is only now that I finally get it.
Leave it blank? Why put it in the journal if it has no purpose? There’s nothing on the other side of the page, either! For a doer such as myself, this was difficult to accept. There I was with my tools of destruction at the ready and Keri Smith was asking me to leave them alone and do nothing. My muse was ready to pop a gasket!
Pictures of my visit to Jack and Kernel are coming next week.
Ok, I doubt I will get a script typewriter for my birthday but I bet I can count on lots of great mail!
Answer:
In another bowl, combine the flour, baking powder, soda, salt & sugar. Stir into the wet ingridients until just combined. DO NOT OVER STIR. It is okay to leave little pockets of flour
Storing: Meringue-topped pies are at their best the day they are made. Kept longer, the risk of weepy meringue gets higher.
We excitedly high-fived at the end. There wasn't a race timer, but Garmin said we finished the race in 42 minutes - which I think is pretty awesome for an 8-year-old! Especially considering that LB stopped a few times to tie the same shoe - she had finally decided it was ok to stop and tie it, much to my relief - before I tied it in a tight double-knot for her. LB was a total trooper. I delivered her back to her school before I left to do a few more miles on my own, as prep for the thanksgiving 10k.
Corrosive effect sharpens attitude
School officials issued a statement saying they couldn't discuss the case, but they pointed out a school board policy that defines sexual harassment as any unwelcome sexual advance. There is no age limit.
If we’re not changing the culture in which we participate, shaping it in the ways of beauty, goodness, and truth, then we’re probably being shaped by the culture according to its own vision of the way things ought to be.
An author says, “praying for others is a magnificent act of love.” It’s easy to pray for people that you know or for people that you love. But sometimes, it takes more effort to pray for someone you don’t really know or someone you don’t really interact with; even difficult to pray for your enemies.
How does God want us to address him? Why is this an important contrast to pagan prayer?
· Setting up of 200 remote railway stations as ‘green energy stations’ powered entirely
Well, I have a little bit of a twist on that, and it is this:
Among the coolest things about the setting are the various alliances and rivalries that exist. For example, Canada has a long-standing cultural relationship with Great Britain and came to her aid in the aftermath of Twilight to help rebuild. However, Britain also has an economic and political alliance with the French Empire. The French Empire and Manchuria have a hostile relationship and have recently been in armed conflict. Canada, on the other hand, has a very good relationship with Manchuria and maintains several colonies within the Chinese Arm (i.e. Manchurian space). Admittedly, a lot of this high-level stuff probably has little effect on the day-to-day activities of the players, but it makes the setting feel real and immersive.
new dr blah blah german surgery
= $22.99
Hope you enjoy these items as much as I did!
I must go…
Of course I knew that the good dry hot summer couldn't last for too long and that eventually the rain would return, but I had hoped that we could have both hot summer days and enough rain, just enough mind, that everything could stay green, lush and sort of tropical - as much as London can ever look tropical, but you know what I mean.
MT 7:13 “Enter through the narrow gate. For wide is the gate and broad is the road that leads to destruction, and many enter through it. 14 But small is the gate and narrow the road that leads to life, and only a few find it.
The usual awkward silence ensued as he cracked open the DVD cases.
Soon Nefertari catches the eye of the crown prince, and despite her family’s history, they fall in love and wish to marry. Yet all of Egypt opposes this union between the rising star of a new dynasty and the fading star of an old, heretical one. While political adversity sets the country on edge, Nefertari becomes the wife of Ramesses the Great. Destined to be the most powerful pharaoh in Egypt, he is also the man who must confront the most famous exodus in history.
Going to restaurants isn't an excuse to eat badly... salads with protein and dressings on the side, or steaks with no butter and extra veggies in place of potatoes, drink water or tea, skipping appetizers fried in vats of oil, and passing on the bread basket are EXCELLENT ways to eat with friends and family, enjoy their company and eat well too...
The continent had only been discovered 17 years prior and was on the other side of the world. I'm going to Australia this summer so I'm tackling this history again.
We race around trying to do way to much and before you know it your 40.
Anyway, the NCIS episode ended with the crew showing Bob Newhart’s character a video montage of all the work he’d done there, including all the people he’d helped. The following song was also playing during those closing scenes. While I’m not much for all the religion in the lyrics, I do love the sound and the imagery is awesome!
After once scorching an unwatched pot, I now always make my homemade applesauce in the crock pot. It's low maintenance and a great way to fill your kitchen with the best of comforting smells.
will rot them too.
In the days to follow, things were seemingly getting back to normal.
Or even see
I am happy and just so excited to post the March Kit Tutorial using the Easter Blossoms and the beautiful Designer Series Papers Springtime Vintage. You will receive 4 cards and a 3-D step by step easy to follow instructions with pictures on how to make these projects.
Talking about work, I have never said anything about my condition. When I had to take sick days I always said it was flu, stomach ache or whatever it occurred to me. They always bought it!
The Young Knives (UK)
Sure, she’s not the greatest singer, but, aware that her personality and heritage are integral to her success, she clearly knows who will best utilise these to create terrific tracks. 5:55 saw her collaborate with Air, Neil Hannon and Jarvis Cocker. But this time around it was Beck on songsmith duties (a role repeated as principal penner for Sex Bob-omb in the year’s third best movie Scott Pilgrim vs The World), and such a creative union brought about this rather fine selection of ditties.
Yes, I know, lesson to me: a living lesson in you get what you pay for.
I'll have my computer gear there, and I'll be announcing specific feature demos of Photoshop 5 throughout the day. I'll also have my PictureMate Deluxe and Canon XTi digital camera in case you want a picture of yourself and friends to scrap while you are there! Cost per picture is 25 cents! We are also planning a Photoshop Elements 5 retreat, so if you are interested, let me know. Drop me an email at vickiconquest@fixthatpicture.com or give me a call at 417.350.4569. We don't have a date set yet as we would like to gauge interest first, but probably after the first of the year.
V/A - Hanging Out at Midnight (Midnight International 1986, comp with The Mighty Mofos, The Wind, Howard & Tim's Paid Vacation...)
Axx
immy Ray Dupree shoots at a deer wounding it.
and plan on replacing my ink cartridges before we complete the others.
Beatrice Prior, our sixteen-year-old narrator, is about to make the most important decision of her life. For two big days are coming: the day of the aptitude test and the Choosing Ceremony. Soon Beatrice will have to decide which faction she'll belong to for the rest of her life. If she chooses outside her parents' faction, she may never see them again. For ties to one's faction must come first. The five factions are as follows: Abnegation (the selfless), Amity (the peaceful), Candor (the honest), Dauntless (the brave), and Erudite (the intelligent). Beatrice has been raised Abnegation, but it's always felt like a wrong fit. Selflessness does not come easy for her. She has spent the first sixteen years of her life practically invisible--blending into the background. But Beatrice has secretly been watching her Dauntless classmates. Dare she admit it aloud? She's thinking of choosing the most rebel faction of all!
"You want to put some hair on your chest?"
The two things that I find most striking about this article are the brilliance and passion of Erik. Beyond his technical knowledge of Latin, his theological insights are both profound and exceptional for someone of his young age and experience.
The yellow roses surrounding the courtyard were gloriously fragrant
I've had the opportunity to interview or receive guest posts from at least 18 grown unschoolers/ parents of grown unschoolers and have more lined up for the new year.
Ok.. this blog is about me, an ordinary teen, expressing and giving comments about whatever movies that i could come across.. Anything that been said on this blog in future is PURELY my own opinions so..... i do expect myself being harsh and overboard to some crappy movies that could possibly made me wasted my own time.. :) but pls do forgive me ok..
Dredge each slice of eggplant in flour...egg wash and panko crumbs. Place on baking sheet until all are coaated.
18Anathoth and Almon with their grass-lands, four towns.
It seems that Monday we took a mother and her 3-4 babies all the way to Raleigh and back again.
Would love it if you would share!
Builds cages for everyone
The premise behind the story is remarkably original. Back in the late Sixties rockets were at the cutting edge of technology and interest in space travel was at it's peak. A story about rockets and space travel being made obsolete would have been pretty radical. Given that our society no longer has much interest in space travel now, the serial may be seen as prophetic. We might wonder that governments would completely rely on one form of technology to keep the world fed and organised, but it is not beyond the realm of possibility that they could be so complacent (though how it is that only Gia Kelly understand T-Mat is another question). The moment where Eldred and the Doctor indulge in their boyish enthusiasm for rockets is beautiful and might awaken in older viewers a nostalgia for that old Dan Dare vision of space exploration. One of the things that brings this sense of the future-obsolete is the way the moonbase seems so big and deserted, filled with rooms stuffed with unused equipment.
for an ice cream cone. I always got chocolate. Dad
Last year when we lived out in Joplin we found out about a place named Prairie State Park in Mindenmines, Missouri. It has buffalo & elk that roam freely throughout the park. We went there maybe 3 or 4 times and seen nothing. The very last time we visited there we saw SO many buffalo up close & personal and it was just so awesome! I know I have pictures somewhere. It was something to see and i'm glad that we will always have that memory to cherish of our days living there. I think he will love it!
Maybe it was his joking intention (with our backs turned on innovation, we too much want 'cosy certainties'), but it took me two reads before I could begin to grasp his argument, and I'm still not sure I can. As commenter JohnNewport1 says,
Jesus than left for Bethany where he spent the night.
He mounted the bike and steadied it while she climbed on. He fired up the engine and the vibration startled Riley into wrapping her arms around him. She pressed her head against his back and closed her eyes.
We are blind to the fact that our systems and societies wont last forever. We are blind to the fact that our planet’s resources are limited not infinite. We are blind to the facts of our own history in this world, often ignoring the lessons of our ancestors. We are blind to the fact that history has proved that humanity is unable to save humanity. We are blind to the internal longings of our hearts and minds to connect with that which is beyond ourselves. Finally we are blind to both the harsh realities of the future and the potential that comes with steering our future in a very different direction than we have become accustomed to.
It sat at a crossroads with one path leading out further onto Long Island, one leading to Flatlands and Flatbush and another toward the Fulton Ferry and Manhattan. Its location put it directly in the path of the British Army on August 27, 1776. General Howe became confused along the craggy road and entered the tavern, demanding that proprietor William Howard lead them through the pass. The episode was later recalled by his son, Joseph Howard, then 14 years old:
I had a few friends over to taste it, and they sat down at the table and didn't say a word as they stared at their plates waiting for the ghost of Allen Funt to appear (or Ashton Kutcher, for you young whippersnappers out there - now GET OUT OF MY YARD!). We each took a bite, chewed semi-politely, swallowed, pushed our plates away, and drank many, many glasses of water.
It's a truism that independent theatre here is our strong point. Perhaps the most notable emergence this year is MKA Theatre, a new, brash writers' theatre that programmed a punishing schedule of readings and productions this year, culminating in The Economist, a show that made them tabloid news. Everyone's favourite underground group, Four Larks, hit the mark with Undine, and are the Malthouse's resident company next year. And Chamber Made Opera made significant waves with its ingenious living room operas, finishing with Daniel Schlusser's Ophelia Doesn't Live Here Any More.
Also, thank you everyone who reached out to me about my previous post. I was happy to be able to share it with you and it made it that much better after hearing some feedback on it.
While talking to Tracey, it suddenly donned on me that if Logan did require medical attention,
don’t put them through
There was homemade cheesecake (my husband's sister is a domestic goddess) which was fabulous- but still, it paled in comparison to a public, in-law spanking.
Over in Morocco and the western regions of Africa, they call it sirocco or simoom. The khamsin are caused by depressions over the Mediterranean or North African coast or some damned thing or other that’s only of interest to meteorologists. The wind speeds are upwards of 140 kilometers per hour (85 mph) or so and occasionally cause the temperatures to rise as much as 20°C (68°F)!
Just go to the CIA World Fact Book, pick any of the African countries (Kenya, Tanzania, Zambia, Malawi etc.), and compare the statistics to any Western country (eg. Portugal, Italy, Spain, Ireland). The disparities are appalling--and it’s going to get worse, not better. It has certainly got worse since 1960, when most African countries achieved independence. We, and by this I mean the West, have tried many ways to help Africa. All such attempts have failed.
“Up here? That’s calm. Get going, I feel like my brain’s turning to soup.”
