The world and awareness change places.
2. All for the benefit of His people
Give up and run away.
Embarrassment: After lunch I went to visit my friend Gail who owns a very cool shop called Blackmail. She is very pregnant with twins (and very ready to be done with it) and we were chatting when in walks some guy who wanted to try on a suit. She said hi to him and introduced him to me. His name was Alejandro. Nice guy, all in denim with some kick ass silver and turquoise jewelry on. I, of course, was armpit sweat soaked, with VERY bad hair, a rather odiferous pall of car smoke floating about me, and, as I found out later, a large piece of SOMETHING stuck in my front teeth. You know, my usual glamour. It was Alejandro Escovedo, the very popular Austin musician. (He's been to Norway a few times. He told me he has a sister in law in Bergen.) Why is it that I always meet the rock stars when I am doing something incredibly dorky or looking like a wad of gum on the bottom of a very old pair of sneakers? WHY WHY? When I actually do look good, no one famous is EVER around. That seems unfair.
In a very real way, he has been a young man in a very big hurry. Who else do you know has written two memoirs before the age of 45? “Dreams of My Father” was published in 1995 when he was only 34 years old. The “Audacity of Hope” followed in 2006. If, indeed, he did write them himself. There are some who think that his mentor and friend, Bill Ayers, a man who calls himself a “communist with a small ‘c’” was the real author.
In addition to OCD, I also suffer from bipolar disorder. (Well, I only actually suffer from it about half the time.)
I diverge, I was talking about the stress of moving....
Did you ever notice that blue-eyed people tend to be more shy than brown-eyed people? I never did, but now that I think about it, I’m not surprised.
Scott meets a young woman and falls in love and begins to question his motivations. He convinces himself to hit one more house for a big score and breaks into the home of Eugene Miller, the Mayor of Orlando. He learns Miller is the leader of a vicious supremacist group bent on overthrowing the U.S. government in a violent uprising, but is discouraged from going to the authorities when he ascertains a few members are local police officers. Scott decides he is the only person that can sabotage their plans and sets out to stop them while simultaneously struggling to elude Stone. Miller discovers Scott’s identity and goes after him with extreme prejudice, leading to a thrilling showdown between all three men.
Two Photographs
According to the findings of report, Pakistan together with Bangladesh, India, Nigeria and Peru is among the top countries that have more than half of the world’s malnourished children population. “After a year of soaring food prices, 38 percent of surveyed Pakistani families claim to have been forced to cut back on food. One in five parents (22 percent) complained that their children did not have enough food to eat,” the report said.
“I’m in the back doing the wash, son!”
There's an old wag saying that goes (with variations) "the dark night of fascism is always descending on America, but landing first on Europe". While it has happened before, it's a bit premature to assume it will always be that way.
NOT.ONE.SCHOOL.
6.- Loyal - Produced by Kno
The acting is difficult to judge in a film like this as it is supposed to be over-the-top and unrealistic. The cast had potential to be hilarious, with the likes of Ken Joeng (The Hangover, Knocked Up, Role Models), Diedrich Bader (The Drew Carey Show, Office Space), Ike Barinholtz (Mad TV), and Dave Foley (The Kids in the Hall, Newsradio), but these actors were almost all underutilized by the directors. The only actor above who was used well was Deidrich Bader (who played Becca’s father). This is not the actors’ fault, obviously, but the directors’.
Below is our publicity, minus some awesome graphics I might add.
Frosty has been microchipped and reported as stolen, so any vet or dog warden who scans him in the future will be able to identify him and return him to Dogs Trust.
Now, through the haze of steam and cookery, I am doubting my choices.
I just heard a great story by Elayne, one of my "make 5 dinners in ONE hour" users. She had been feeling under the weather one evening and had to run one of her daughters to dance and had not even thought about dinner yet. Her older daughter who is a "tween" asked if she should make dinner. (That would never happen at my house) LOL! Elayne told her there are dinners in the refrigerator and to pick one and follow the directions on the menu.
Add Summer Garden (a mellow song that could easily pass as a lost Velvet Underground track) to the mix, put on some dark sunglasses, smoke cigs all night and the package is complete.
This is the fifth year for the tags and only one year have I managed to make most of the tags! So tonight I decided to take a little time for me and make Day 7's tag. It was one that I had all the products for so I made it almost the same as his. I love the vintagey look of this tag.
dresses ...
The Famous Greek Chicken Egg Lemon
I dipped the flowers in the beeswax mixed with a touch of glitter. My flowers are flowers from the wedding section and it has a much heavier in the effect than the UTEE and paper flowers. I like the effect Tim had on his flowers much better. :)
Ok! Onto fun stuff. How about I level the playing field?
memang awesome la the place!
So, what do I have to plan to beat this fall? One army that frustrates me each time I fight it is Orks. At 1850pts, an Ork player can easily squeeze in 150 Orks and lots of toys (Loota boyz, Killa Kanz…) Or, with the recent ruling on the Deff Rolla, we might see Battlewagon spam as well. Nob Bikers could also make an appearance.
In Luther's experience, people are weak. Even the strong and fearless break too easily. He wants a challenge, and sets his depraved sights on Jack. But with a baby on the way, Jack is at her most vulnerable. She's always been a fighter, but she's never had so much to fight for. So he's built something especially for Jack. His own, private ninth circle of hell--a nightmare world in a forgotten place, from which no one has ever escaped.
sketchcard of your favorite KND character signed by me,
I just used the small straps.
Now, don’t get me wrong. I love God. My beliefs have not changed. I just refuse to be a part of a religion. They are becoming cult like. “Join or perish”. In most eyes, what I am doing is going to put my name on Satan’s list. I don’t believe that.
This is a LOT better than the previous iteration. It clearly needs some polishing up (ember of hope?) but this is much closer to where you want to be. Good work.
including fine dining.
9. Party Diktator - "Big Mouth"
I picked up an older edition at a used book sale, and I like having it on hand as a resource for extra practice pages. The edition I have (1994) has reproducible worksheets and then the filled-in worksheet on the facing page. It seems to cover all the topics normal people cover in English grammar.
It was my first bocadillo de calamares (a traditional Spanish sandwich) and I loved it! Mmmm just the right amount of salty and greasy to leave you feeling satisfied at the end. La Casa Rua, just outside of Plaza Mayor in the center of Madrid, has some of the most famous bocadillos de calamares in the city. Its also such a great because you get to watch the man coat all the calamares in batter and fry them. Muy rico.
Other things that have nothing to do with “manifesto”, but are instructive as to where I lie on the political spectrum:
I am so thankful for my family. I am so blessed to have a family like I do - one that is so fun to be around and so caring and thoughtful. I miss them when I am gone and soak up all the time I can get with them! :) My husband is the best ever and I can't imagine living my life without him! He is the one who knows me best and the one I can always talk to about anything and I'm so blessed to feel so comfortable with him about everything! :)
I thank you for your grace and mercy in our lives, Lord. Even when things don’t seem to be going well, you give us assurance that you are God and you are in control.
Anyway, to the chapter. It’s probably been a while since you read the last one, I certainly couldn’t remember what had happened.
* a "Minimize Morning Madness" gift basket from Scrubbing Bubbles Extend-A-Clean
If I haven't been by your blog lately, please accept my apologies. I will try to visit soon!
But first, I had to dully charge my phone with enough Derhams. Which I did.
what is our responsibility going forward? to remember their sacrifice. to tell our children that it was practitioners of the" religion of peace", that carried out these attacks. members of the same religion who the U.S. supplied and trained to fight soviet aggression in afghanistan. who we defended from saddam husseins attack on kuwait and feared attack on saudi arabia. the same members of the" religion of peace", we defended from ethnic cleansing in bosnia.
I hope you like my card
You have captured me
Groan!
And now, I leave you with a happy image: Green Zebra with Miss Granger.
Professional? H to the no.
The CAFC's majority opinion quietly punted this issue. What was very interesting was the opinion's observation in footnote 23: "We also note that the process claim at issue in this appeal is not, in any event, a software claim. Thus the facts here would be largely unhelpful in illuminating the distinctions between those software claims that are patent-eligible and those that are not." Well.
After adding the sausage mixture to the sun-dried tomatoes and herbs, I also dumped in diced tomatoes, tomato paste, and chopped marinated artichoke hearts.
ps. happy birthday sister, I miss you
WHEN DID THAT HAPPEN
3) Please link to a static page
So, knitting. I started another Stripe Study, with some madelinetosh in William Morris, a rich, rich brown, and some Wollmeise in Barist'O. I thought this was going to be a stunning combination as the Barist'O is green and blue with a bit of brown and black.
As I dream, ideas drift in and out. Ghosts haunt my dreams, moaning their epitaphs, hints of a story I should tell. Inspiration still only a mist in the darkness. The fog is dense, yet I trundle through it, searching, culling, yearning for a clear view of an idea. Waiting for the arrival of her highness, to bestow upon me a whim that might cause but just one person a giggle. me, the recipient, anxious for that one guffaw.
One of 209 mineral beach and sport sunscreens to be ranked in the top 11% by the Environmental Working Group
Yet later, he was running for his life from Jezebel and hiding in a desert. It just didn’t make sense. But of course I know that this is what happens with warfare and the mind. In my own life I have seen the Lord deal with each and every person who has ever threatened me in one way or another. I know He protects me.
Using carbon paper, I next transfered the image onto the wood. With an indelible ink pen I retraced the carbon lines. It was then ready to be cutout using a scroll saw. After the wood had been cut out and sanded and all the edges smoothed, I covered the piece with one coat of flat white primer. When dried, and as intended, the inked lines bled through. These lines were then again traced in with the pen.
Everyone in our house hasn't settled on what we want to do yet. All the five year old can up with, for example, is "Move to Hawaii." Would that we could, luv.
So you better be good whatever you do
French face culture is slower - just look at the effect it's had on Lemmy (who, famously, was recently told that he had to slow down by doctors, now he's in his sixties and suffering from illness. His manager famously said, 'He is slowing down - he now takes ice in his Jack Daniels'.)
Hanna: Directed by Joe Wright; Starring Saoirse Ronan, Eric Bana, Cate Blanchett
Beth never noticed James. It was the waitress who turned the dreamer’s attention towards the back of the café.
Note 2: the local authorities originally planned to keep the art deco inspired facade, partly because they believed it was a listed building. However, after finding out that this wasn't the case, and after estimating the costs this preservation would entail, they eventually decided on complete demolition. In an interview with the Le Parisien newspaper though, the builder, GTM (Vinci group) promised to "récupérer des éléments du fronton, notamment les anneaux olympiques" (keep some of the elements of the facade, notably the Olympic rings). Where these will actually end up though is anyone's guess.
Just a tiny rant.
"You both dress in the same way that's why you like it. You both have a quirky sense of style."
write rules to justify torturing your fellow beings. Collectively and
“Today, people no longer feel the pressure to marry that their forebears felt. They can choose what makes them happier — singleness or coupledom — without fear of social opprobrium or poverty.” - TIME Magazine
Guinsoo: Yep.
The last time I checked, high school ended a hundred years ago. Some people really need to grow up. Being an adult is fantastic, you should try to check it out. The next time you feel the need to tell the person next to me something you don't want me to know, wait until I leave the premises.
Night night, peeps.
For this page I played around a bit with adding texture to my airbrushed images by using my Copic multiliners. I was actually thinking about the new screen tones that Copic is coming out with in eager anticipation....but as I have yet to get mine, I had to make my own texture. One of the things that I love about the multiliners is that they come in so many different colors and they work really well within their respective color family when used with the markers.
As I shouted “Hidup Rakyat,” I felt a sense of belonging amongst the strangers around me. I looked around and, I realised, that skin colour doesn’t matter. As I looked into their eyes, I saw the same anger — the anger that comes not from hatred, but from crying foul. The anger came from injustice done to us, from the squandering of trust that the rakyat had given those in power.
The onus should not be put on me to make the best of a shitty situation someone else caused. The lies, the mistakes, the blame, the arrogance …
writing only something
Vegetable soup with green lentils, brown rice, quinoa, potatoes, carrots, collards and wax beans, seasoned with a variety of Indian spices (hot!). Roasted garlic hummus, Vegenaise and slaw in a wrap.
If you can’t do this without whining like a little baby, then you can keep on walking because you are worthless to me. I can take care of pretty much everything else in my life; it’s an absolute necessity that you are able to do this for me. If any man can’t do this, you most definitely need your Man Card revoked.
Stir in:
So, where does that leave us? Leaps and bound from where we were, but still far from cracking the mystery of Albany Ale—but now we know we have more than one beer to brew—a whole family in fact. As for me, I need to start trusting the evidence and stop wishing Albany Ale is something (or somethings) it was not.
1 pre-made pizza dough, separated into two parts
BY: ORANGECHAIR
Chairs will be provided, however, for your comfort, we encourage you to bring a body pillow, bean bag chair, or floor cushion for extra comfort – lounging at the movies.
Man is animal
LA had lots of sun, at people we did stare.
I read recently a quote saying that philosophy shows what's possible and science shows what's true. I don't understand most recent philosophy, but I like the thought-experiments that arise.
For those who love them, great. But I think the voice of those of us who haven’t had good experiences with them needs to be heard as well.
There are a few quick things I'll share about this little study:
Our family takes recycling seriously, and it goes beyond paper, plastic and aluminum. A few times a year we round up all the stuff that’s outgrown or no longer used, and we find a new home for it – whether it’s Goodwill, the local woman’s shelter, or just someone we know who could put it to good use. Clothes often go to the next “new mommy” in the neighborhood. When we do a project on the house we to find somewhere that can reuse or recycle the bricks, cement, wiring, metal venting, plastic pipes, or whatever else we’ve ripped out that weekend. I’m not sure if this is a Baltimore thing, but stuff laid out on the sidewalk is considered “fair game” for anyone who needs it – we’ve gotten rid of several ceiling fans, some old closet doors, and several pieces of furniture this way. A pile of electronics went to the old guy around the corner, who uses his magic touch to get them working and then resells them to supplement his Social Security income. Even old ripped towels and sheets find new use at the local animal shelter so homeless dogs and cats can have somewhere soft to rest their heads.
- The boss designs are a lot of fun for the most part, and Link’s Awakening was the first game in the series to consistently incorporate each dungeon’s key item into the battle (with only one exception).
As she walks out of her dark, creepy cottage, I see her ever so appealing outfit!! This 50 YEAR OLD is wearing something that came out of a Halloween magazine!!. On her skinny legs were two (one of each sameness), not one, but two of the ugliest boots I have ever seen in my life. I seriously think those things came out a Halloween costume bag. She had on these knee-high, shiny, black, patent, imitation cloth of some sort shoe covers. Hahhahha….that’s hilarious. This crazy lady is wearing these boots. Oh, okay, I over exaggerated a bit. Okay, I overexaggerrated a lot.
“Ninety nine point two,” Jane said, putting the thermometer down on her nightstand. “Been coming down little by little all day.”
Well, there you have it – my Top 4 Displays of Klutziness. There are, of course, countless other stories, but these are the most memorable. I hope you enjoyed them and that you got a good laugh from them, I know I did!
After 20 May I will be free as a bird and will return to looking after this little blog properly.
2. Even when I am indeed right, bend a little and meet in the middle. Even if the other is wrong.
Passion Fruit
However, if the move indeed took place, the move, is seen by Thai Intel, as an opportunity for Cornell to get a glimpse into the “Vision and Character” of the next generation leader of Thai Royalty, as she matures into an adult and got a career going, after graduating from Cornell.
The coalition says Sara isn’t the only teen who realizes what a healthy relationship looks like. Six years ago, nearly 14 percent of Idaho high school students said they had been hit, slapped or hurt by a dating partner on the national Youth Risk Behavior Survey. Today, 8.7 percent of teens answer “yes” to that same question.
-Scooby Doo, interesting that we were just looking at pyramids in a book and that was the first episode she watched
How was your week this week? What was the 'peak' and 'pit'?
As with most large, successful news organizations, the BBC does not have that problem. They have apps for all portable devices and they are all easy to use. They constantly update them and look for ways to improve to make them more user-friendly. This includes a recent announcement in which they have updated their phone app to automatically detect and adapt to the device to provide optimal size and format for the phone being used.
Not to label myself or anything, but I do love a good list. To do lists, errand lists, shopping lists and yes, menu lists. There is something very satisfying about crossing off something on a list. Also, I am slightly absent-minded (I prefer to think of this as “intensely focused”), so lists help me keep track of things that might otherwise get overlooked. I also keep a list of blog topics. And one that has risen to the top is how we plan our meals around local foods. A friend posted in wondering about this as well, so now seems a good time to dive in.
As true as his words are, as I finish up the last words of the book, I realized I have already forgotten the earlier contents that I have read.
Prof Dawkins told him: “What I can’t understand is why you can’t see the extraordinary beauty of the idea that life started from nothing – that is such a staggering, elegant, beautiful thing, why would you want to clutter it up with something so messy as a God?”
We were all ready to go by 7:00am. The girls put up posters on stratigic streets, and we were all set. We sat around for about an hour before our first customers showed up. Oh yeah, did I say that it was my first garage sale???
The many offerings in cotton was in fact a very big reason Wahat Aljalabiya made the cut out of all the fancy and beautiful jalabiya and abaya retailers out there that I could have picked to reward myself. I have certainly owned a variety of different garments over the years and most of my “full coverage” options have been synthetic. It’s nice and drapey and all that, but depending on the material, it can also be hot or have an unpleasant texture. A lot of synthetics also do not wear so well over time… they snag, they pill, they unravel, the embroidery or decoration deteriorates. If you sweat sometimes they get hot or sticky or clammy or smelly… breathable and airy is not something I associate with polyester blends. Also they aren’t something I want touching my skin, so it requires even more layering. Even silk… yes its pretty and sometimes feels lovely, but it snags, it has to be hand washed, it stains easily, and I really hate the way it smells when it gets wet or sweaty. It really is for special occasions in my opinion vs everyday wear.
This was my big splurge. I met the lovely and talented Kasia Dietz, who’s in town from Paris, at Angelica Kitchen for dinner. There, I had a nice warm meal of vegetable croquettes made with millet and quinoa, two of the three alkaline grains permissible. And French lentils and green beans. It hit the spot. As did Kasia's company and conversation.
The Addicts. When Lindsey realized she had no door to turn a key into the street life swarmed her up. Lindsey experimented with every drug that could get her through the day. The alcohol and drugs that Lindsey consumed held her captive in her own life.
It's a balance act with this kind of thing. I choose to focus on what's really happening today, not what might happen tomorrow. I also believe that if this happened, more people would still want to purchase these items from me, not an anonymous, sketchy source.
Serve over warm scones with jam. Delicious!
Their whispers.
Lost Invitations:
Even the ice cream isn't helping tonight...
My favourite dessert is the muar chee, glutinous rice balls rolled in a mixture of peanuts and sugar. Crunchy and sweet, soft and chewy, we polish it all off, bar licking the plate clean. Ok, I admit it, we did lick the plate clean.
The mánánázi or pine-apple grows luxuriantly as far as three marches from the coast. It is never cultivated, nor have its qualities as a fibrous plant been discovered.
The hens have been all aflutter, as they have heard employees talking about Mother’s Day. After last year’s fiasco in the coop, believe me we roosters will be planning big surprises for the hens! We would strongly suggest that all you male humans start your planning now, as this is one celebration that you do not want to forget about. Julio, Mel and I learned our lesson last year- hens will exact a terrible revenge if not remembered on their special day!
Looking to determination.
It really doesn’t do any good to condemn multitasking entirely, as it is an inescapable part of our lives nowadays. It can help you be more productive and also make boring tasks less boring. An example is listening to an audiobook while you’re driving or sitting in a commuter train. This lets you get more out of what would otherwise be quiet time, and it makes your commute less mundane. Multitasking is ideal when at least one of the tasks you’re doing demands minimal mental effort. That is the type of multitasking that makes life easier for you and can allow you to get more accomplished.
Their dreams,
(Note: It's closed during Public Holidays that falls in Myanmar but you might need to contact for confirmation whether they're open during any Public Holidays that falls in Malaysia.)
They shared a huge experience together. It would be hard not to bond in such a situation. You'd have to be wicked like Daphne. Completely hateful.
How to Survive Being Alive
What is Pika's Metamorphosis?
Some people say that the world will come to an end. We are becoming cleverer by making things but we don’t worry about the pollution for the world when making things. And we should start working together like bees and the Americans are big pricks. To help the world here is a saying I made up: “Work together for your world’s health”.
That's it! Now all that's left is to fill them and steam...don't forget to stamp your cakes with red coloring (of course...) for luck! Don't own a stamp? Go buy one :D....or.....cutout a few images from a lucky red envelope (bao lì xì) and use those!
Dark, rustic and weathered patina forever bind an intricately carved Medieval style cross of pewter to a small antique bottle veiled in a beautifully ethereal patina. Traces of earthly remnants cling to the inside of the bottle, serving as a reminder of its century long hideaway within the earth. A subtle flash of iridescence adds an element of enchantment and surprise to the weathered feel of the piece.
But when you're living this large, it's not all fun -- the guy also pays $75,261 in property tax alone, which I guess is what you'd expect from a 20,000 square foot mansion on the water.
- She had to fetch “empty jars:” ask yourself, what “empty jars” do you need to fetch in your life?
Albuquerque Annie by The 99ers
Liza Minnelli (his bff) tells a story of when she bought an apartment and didn't know what to do with it and he told her to go ahead to Tahoe and he would decorate it while she was gone. Well it made the cover of Architectural Digest. Yeah. Kinda helps when you can call on your good friend Andy Warhol to whip up a painting for you!
The packaging is very simple but still cute enough to have out on display on your bathroom shelf. The bottle is a little too hard to squeeze and it can be difficult to get product out off it. I think that a pump would be much more practical, maybe they will change that in the future. The consistency off the body lotion is just right, not to thick not to thin!
During my senior year in college, one of my required classes involved living in a house with 4 other girls and our resident director. The purpose of the house was to teach us how to manage our time between work (or in our case school) and running a household, which is what we would be facing a few months later when we graduated and moved on with our "real" lives.
I hope you know how much I love you. It's more than anyone could imagine. I miss you so very much. I wish more than anything I could be holding you in my arms but I'll have to settle with keeping you forever in my heart. You each represent a special time in my life. Though it was short, those times will always belong to you. You'll always be my baby boys.
Take the time, write your vision, and know the purpose that HE has put in your heart. Psalm 20: 4 says, “May He give you the desires of your heart and make all your plans succeed.” And verse 6 says, “Now this I know; The Lord gives victory to his anointed. He answers him from his heavenly sanctuary with the victorious power of HIS right hand.” Now that’s the business I want lead!!!
‘Indigenous languages tend to be replaced by those associated with a modern industrial economy accompanied by other changes such as the introduction of chain saws.
Further themes are to do with ethics -- again, a surprise, as we're already killing with the blessing of a god, so why quibble? -- revenge, loyalty, and independence. Without giving more away, these themes support an organically unfolding sense of each character, and supports believable plot progression as we discover more of who they are, how they think, and how they will react to the rolls of fortune's wheel.
Reverse the order. In our very language, let's talk about talk about eating more vegetables and fruits, not fruits and vegetables. Why? Because fruit is so easy to like. It's sweet, it's easy to grab, it requires no kitchen, let alone cooking. Fruits are the brownies of the plant world. It's vegetables we need to really concentrate on, frankly, they're harder. So let's put first things first: vegetables. Practice saying it with me now, "Vegetables and fruits. Vegetables and fruits. Vegetables and fruits."
I am now at the point in my life where I am going to choose my own headstone. However, I have a dilemma. Do I order one of those dual headstones that so many married couples have?
If you got to my blog from the follow, thanks for stopping by! I can't wait to check out the new blogs today! If you didn't get here from the Friday Follow McLinky, click on the picture and you'll be taken to the McLinky and you can find some new blogs too!
Cold Drills
Rachel's humiliation over the discovery of her late husband's affairs turns to fear when one of his mistresses sends her a poisoned bouquet. But finding the source of the killer flowers is only one step on her path to solving the mystery her husband left behind.
this pain you can never take back
Well, that was it for today, I wish you a wonderful weekend! Hope I'll have something to post again soon!
4. When your mom calls the office (like she does everyday at 9 a.m.), he always says, “Tell Donna I say, ‘Heyyy.’”
Our favorites were definitely the pork rolls. So good! This was a very succsefull operation and I'm glad I took the time. It is a lot of work but worth it, especially if you have no other dim sum options, like us. Next time though I will definitely spread the work out!
Pregnancy is going well, 27 days till due date and no problems yet, just very tired. All set for Christmas and both of my boys birthdays in December too, including Nathan's 18th!! (where does the time go???)
I also have the hen-peckers and rah-rah-trannies to thank. If they hadn't shown me how much hatred they're capable of expressing, I may have never had to start collecting hearts from scratch again.
1 prey
ERASMIA: Armed attack sees farmer hit with bricks and a pipe.
That third season is already set to begin filming in early 2013, and Gatiss confirms that the first new episode will be loosely based on “The Adventure of the Empty House.” How loosely? “There’s certain things about ‘The Adventure of the Empty House’ which feel set in stone because that’s how Sherlock comes back,” he told the Associated Press not long ago. “But at the same time we feel free to invent and to introduce new stuff to it. I always found it a little unlikely that Dr. Watson’s only reaction was to faint, for instance--as opposed to possibly a stream of terrible swear words.”
John Wycliffe is known as the Morning Star of Reformation because he was the first person to ever speak out against the Catholic Church. The Bible used to only be in Latin, and at the that time hardly anyone could read Latin. The pope did not want the Bible translated in a language that the people could read in fear that they would learn and find out about the wrong doctrine of the Catholic Church. John Wycliffe and his followers translated the Bible into English, despite the fact that the Church was against translating the Bible.
As for me. Blake and I have moving around in common, although the only borders I’ll be crossing are mearly lame state borders. I even have a little pampering in tune with Mishker’s plans, as I intend on getting my hair did. Other than that, I plan on doing some cliched soul searching in the form of Hudson River jogs, where I’ll push shopping carts of homeless people, small toddlers, and annoying rollerbladers into the river if they impose on my immediate route. From there I will spend time with my rad family, all of whom I’ve missed dearly, and answer relatives’ genuine inquiries with vague but acceptable formalities like: “It was amazing…tiring…I would do it all again, blah, blah, blah.” (how do I really sum it all up in a sentence??), and go fishing with my little brother, but only if he promises to hook the worms for me because they’re too squishy. Oh, shit. I also have to face my poor grandparents, who think I’ve been in Russia with my boyfriend this whole time; it was easier telling them that than explaining to this intensely Polish Catholic duo that I have guy friends who I don’t plan on marrying and that I have dreams of traveling the whole wide world; what doesn’t help is that my grandma has a history of showering me with rosaries when finding out that I’m leaving the country; you can add crying to the lot if she discovers where I’m traveling to. So that’ll be fun, and I can fully expect my mom to listen on, snickering, NOT saving me from awkward despair like her job description designates. And I can only suspect I will inevitably drag my older sister shopping because as luck would have it, I’m all out of acceptable clothes, save my white pleather jumpsuit which is only good for the Fourth of July. I had two types of apparel: the ones that went with me on the trip, i.e. the ones that would advertise me as a lesbian and, regardless, are too treacherously disgusting to parade around in a well-to-do city like DC where I live and study, and the ones that stayed at home, i.e. all of the ones I’m selling on eBay after having a ridiculous yet permanent fit of anti-materialism. “Quality over quantity!”, I will march around the house shouting unecessarily, violently collecting unidentifiable rags out of closets and drawers. Do I own them all? I can’t be sure. All I know is, the profit from my clothes and the clothes of others will pay for my next plane ticket and possibly my next pleather jumpsuit.
CaraMunich 8 oz.
A long time ago, I used to watch the Lynette Jennings Decorating Show on TV and that was where I first heard of decorating for Winter and keeping up some of your Christmas decorations but changing them a bit.
But that’s when my bullets melted on the whale.
I propose that the next in the Twitter timeline of phases is Fatigue.
The Octopus - Norvell Page (1939)
I smooth the smudges of dirt from your body; there isn’t much but its a small thing I can do for now, to show I care.
Okay, Heather Graham as Roller Girl was compelling. But otherwise, nada.
W-H-I-T-E, W-H-I-T-E
that causes me to feel this way.
My words are Peter, answering, ‘Lov’st thou Me?’
I though I should get into the spirit of International Put Your Poem In A Shop Month. Yesterday I paid a visit to the local garden centre. They have some very nice plants with big red leaves on. They were also giving out free coffee and mince pies. Brief, spontaneous and heavily reliant on an ancient TV series but there we go. It's a start...
Life's book is hard to understand:
Critics called it a stunning reversal for the company.
and now I am sick! Hopefully I get better soon so I can get back to work.
so therefore, i need to paint lots of things.
All of these are really easy to download. All you have to do is click on the image you'd like to download. It'll open up a new page, and you just right click on that image, and 'save image as', then put it in your folder.
What do you like in YOUR porridge?
The site has a snazzy program that analyzes a written excerpt from a novel, story, blog, etc. and determines which famous author it most resembles. Through statistical analysis, elements such as word choice and sentence structure are compared to the styles of well-known writers. For example, I copied a segment of my novel draft and pasted it into a box on the site’s homepage. After a quick click on the analyze button, I found out that I write like Charles Dickens. Yeah, right, I laughed to myself. Different pieces of my writing have also been analyzed to be like David Foster Wallace, Margaret Atwood, and Stephanie Meyer. I’ll admit being compared to Wallace was super exciting as he is an idol of mine, but it’s all relative in the grand scheme of things!
Watching a football game in the UK can be either free to air or for regular season games require a subscription to Sky pay TV. Many pubs subscribe to Sky via a business package that affords the copyright to broadcast the game to customers and is more expensive than a personal subscription. The rights to the games are held by the Football Association that sell on those rights to TV broadcasters for each region they have cut the world into. The FA know that an English football match is worth more to UK broadcasters than none UK broadcasters and that none UK fans cannot get to see any game at the stadium. Hence the rights are sold more cheaply to none UK broadcasters and games are shown live that would otherwise not be in the UK. The FA own a monopoly of broadcast rights that apparently isn’t an illegal cartel via the clubs that form the league.
Create...
I'm always looking for unique or personalized gifts. I think I've found the perfect place!
Sunday was a difficult day.
Layla winning the Butterfly-Emblazoned:
In short, I am grateful that my kids all seem to still want me around to love and talk to, and that they love me in way that works best for them. Forget the cards, the presents, and the restriction of gifts to the third Sunday in June; I'll take the benefit, the exceptional privilege, and the overwhelming joy of being a Dad every day of the year. Thanks, Kai, Kade, and Annie, for making my life the most amazing one I could have imagined. I love you.
I wish my dad had coached me playing football instead of just climbing trees. I might have had a longer football career.
one or more of the "scrapbook" illustrations,
Hey there, I'm flipping through my Good Housekeeping that came a week or so ago, and you know that part where they feature a mom blog (towards the BACK of the mag), well imagine my suprise to find my favorite mom blogger there! I read you faithfully, you didn't mention you'd be featured in GH did you?
CD 3: Start microdose lupron
Ages - 18+
Those gifts help me to maintain my sanity in my other world, when issues like toddler tantrums and willful one-year-olds come up among my conventionally-parenting acquaintances, some of whom believe it's good parenting to bite your child when your child bites you, just to show how much it hurts to be bitten.
TALK TO ME
By breaking rules and laws
As I’d found with my therapy, it did wonders to get it out of my system.
Martyrdom of Joseph and Hyrum Smith: see Carthage Jail.
“By night, junior high student Yoshimori Sumimura is a “kekkaishi”–a demon-hunter who specializes in creating magical barriers around his prey. By day, Yoshimori’s got some other demons to battle: an addiction to sweets and a seriously crotchety grandfather! Yoshimori’s pretty 16-year-old neighbor and childhood friend, Tokine Yukimura, is also a kekkaishi, but their families are feuding over who is the true practitioner of the art.” – Baka Updates
Here are some of these pictures.
The pleasure is when you eat bugs at 90kmp.
The vegas tradeshow, Project, is next week. I am going with my boyfriend, our PR girl Kristom, and 2 of our friends/ models. I'm SO excited because Erin is going and she is simply the best. My boyfriend is gonna shoot a ton of photos there so we can post a little story when we get back. Hopefully we don't get kicked out this time for hula hooping and face painting (lighten up project!!) I guess we will just have to face paint back in the room.
This is one of my favorite covers of 2012 so far. Not only does Dial refrain from white-washing (*wild applause*), it combines the flavor of China with the magic of a fairy tale and the beauty of fabric, all of which play an intrinsic part in CIRCLE OF CRANES.
-My mom gave us her old Christmas tree. We went into her storage room and pulled out what we thought was one giant tree. Turns out it was two giant 13 foot trees and Glen insisted on keeping both. So this year we have two trees.... lots of work. (all ready dreading the take down)
the People can’t use it without using you. People, how well are you
--We begin with "the basic step", Information: There's no basic step in tango in the same sense that there is for salsa or samba or 'back on five' jive. This has been written about interminably elsewhere, but to summarise, the so-called 'basic 8' is a traditional teaching method. In my opinion, it's the worst. A lot of Argentinian teachers use it. It requires no thought from teacher or student, it produces a brief illusion of progress and really bad beginners, it's not surprising to see it used here, and there's no point in discussing it further.
Like Circe’s siren, of a world without wrong
The Wet N Wild Coloricon Bronzer retails for $2.99 at your local drugstore. I purchased mine at CVS. Call ahead to check availability.
The final thing I want to mention is the acoustic quality of the building, already touched upon in the church. Throughout the building silence rules. One has to keep silent at all times, apart from the communal meals in the dining room. We found ourselves whispering the whole time, even outside. It is a place of study, reflection, meditation. But at the same time it is incredibly noisy. It is a giant resonance box. You hear every footstep, every door being closed, every key turning. What would be a tiny sound in a modern acoustically insulated building, becomes a huge rattling sound in this building.
1 8.5-oz box Jiffy Corn Muffin Mix (or a similar brand)
a package of ready-made puff pastry dough (found in the frozen food section in most supermarkets)
Hi.
If your child calls you from school saying he forgot his lunch or his gym shoes, JUST DON'T BRING IT TO HIM. He has to take control of his own life, and if you swoop in and rescue him, he will never be independent.I am really happy my parents never listened to this advice when I when I was younger. I am lucky I don't have to be afraid to call them when I need help because I did something silly like lock myself out of the house.
L didn’t stop me from lifting the hem, so I kissed the soft flesh in a rough zig-zag up each of her thighs. She raised one leg to expose her mound, rested her fingers on the back of my head, and guided me between her parted thighs.
The Go Bag was once defined for me by a former spook-turned-instructor in my formative years of Executive Protection as a professionals personal kit that combines daily use along with contents that may only see use during selected occurrences. This rings true for the SOF Operator, the Patrol Officer, the IT guy, right on down to yours truly. If there is one piece of worth while advice I have learned over the years and it may sound stupid don't pack for comfort, pack for use.
Notes: From now on you will find yourself referring to that particular player as “an inanimate carbon rod” no matter how much you try not to.
The obstacles –
To put it in a nutshell, I'm cranky. Don't know which of the above factors to blame.
“This is as if this were 1943 and we had a camera inside Auschwitz and we said, ‘O.K., if you guys don’t want to do anything about it, that’s one thing,’” Clooney says. “But you can’t say you did not know.”
Using White Labs English Ale Yeast (WLP002)
Compare this with Snowdonia National Park: £400 000 (Yes - half the cost!) for 440 applications
La Chunga is a distressing example...She was magnificent. She knew no footwork, and consequently danced barefoot. Her costumes were simple gypsy skirts and blouses. She did not dance by arrangements, but improvised as her moods demanded. Her outstanding assets, and those most difficult to find in a dancer, were the beauty and grace of her arms and hands, the suppleness of her movements, the authenticity of her facial expressions, her naivete, her complete abandonment to her duende and above all her naturalness. There were pressures on her and her manager at the time, propagated by envious artists, and businessmen mistakenly attempting to increase her commerciality...I did not have an opportunity to see her again until 1960...Through contact with commercial flamenco she had lost much of her authenticity...worst of all, she was no longer natural. Her movements and facial expressions were studied...she did tricks with her dress, hair and body, and exploited her sex appeal, mostly in a cheap, superficial manner...She did an excessive amount of footwork...She was no longer sure of herself...From one of the most moving dancers I have seen, the "System" may possibly succeed in making her just another night club attraction.
With mobile money transactions catching on rapidly in Ghana, Hollard Insurance and Mobile Financial Services Africa joined with MTN in early 2011 to launch mi-Life, a mobile “micro-insurance” service available by mobile phone. “These insurance services make complete use of our technology, so that the entire registration process also happens over the mobile phone,” Mr. Verkade explains.
The EU controls our borders and decides over most immigration rules. The EU also imposes a policy of austerity on our country.
‘Pay attention to this,’ said his father. ‘You might learn something.’
Bull & Bush Pub & Brewery Yule Fuel Holiday Randall Xmas 2010
2009.
(925) 682-2486
And many of the communities previously operating under unreasonable restrictions on the number of public masses that can be said (such as Hobart, restricted to once a month, and Brisbane, once a week) still seem to be prevented from expanding (though in the later case, regime change will shortly fix this one would hope!).
This week's Tightwad Tuesday is a tip we've all have heard before. Don't toss out those leftovers! Find a way to use them up. Luckily for me, Hubz came from a family of leftover eaters. We don't have much go to waste around here, but it isn't always thanks to my superb culinary skills. It mostly boils down to him not having a problem snacking on leftovers or taking them for lunch or, if there's a big pot of chili, eating them for nights on end.
Success As An Episode: 5/10
These are just a few out of literally hundreds of examples where the global elite imagine themselves to be enlightened leaders, who because of their ‘royal blood’ are destined to steer the course of world events. Besides the fact that Constantijn has shown great interest in pursuing matters of tyranny, which no doubt helps to attain such a ‘prestigious’ position at Bilderberg, the young prince above all owes his current position to the blue blood running through his veins- which makes a comfortable seat around the camp fire of the New World Order an absolute guarantee.
Lost in thought, Wei didn’t notice as his radio operator approached.
The problem is when another one is running after you to save you from imprisonment. Or to get to that prison cell before you do.
3) Defining good communications - Live critique by expert commentators
The sad reality of defining naughty words is this: the definitions will never be as interesting, sparkling, or titillating as the words themselves. I was out with some friends when one of them asked me what I was working on. “Well,” I swaggered, “I just entered the adjective ‘fucking’ into the dictionary!” Everyone’s eyes grew wide with mischief and delight. “Well?” someone asked. “What’s the definition?”
Each person has the right to happiness, their own individuality and being the person they innately are, without the fear of someone else turning them into someone they’re not, or casting judgement on who they are as a person.
... Complete one creative project
*sidenote: my apologies to the nice woman who was chatting on her phone, minding her own business while sitting in her Camry in the Giant parking lot. Sorry I scared the bejeezuz out of you when I tried to put my groceries in the trunk of your car. Also, awesome collection of beanie babies you've got in the back window. Those things are so au currant.
Sorry, Diamondbacks and Rays fans. You missed out on one tremendous set.
If you want some realism nit picking, here it is. That “sniper rifle” is not a “.25 caliber” anything. It’s a .22 caliber, back-packable AR-7 that they could have purchased at K-Mart where I bought mine when I was 15. I got rid of it quickly because it was the least accurate rifle I had ever purchased, until I made the unpardonable mistake of buying an Italian Caracano. Since you don’t know my real identity, I can safely confess the Caracano to you. My wife doesn’t know about the Caracano purchase during my youth, and I’m never going to tell her. But as for the AR-7 in the film, it’s great for rabbits, and only slightly better than a slingshot for sniper work.
her solitary peony.
“What’s the point of the indelible ink? Who is to know if these voters are voting for the second time under the new amendments?” asked Ambiga.
Lydia Garcia is the new publisher of Horse Fly. She has agreed to keep us on (in spite of her copy editor's delicate nervous system); in fact, we'll be appearing in this month's print edition. Jim and I applaud Ms. Garcia's excellent taste in writing, and sound editorial skills.
MMWA-SICW has five shows in the works for September and in 2010 fans have had the pleasure to see Donovan Ruddick, Brandon Espinosa, Ace Hawkins, Mark Sterling and most recently Mephisto make their way to the promotion.
Saying that I’ve seen some beautiful places. Sometimes you never realise how beautiful a place is until you’re driving through almost silent streets at x:am. Or if you’ve taken a wrong exit and had to take the completely wrong, but scenic route home in the hopes you will eventually find yourself on a road you recognise.
Recept: Well, sir ... It's written in Arabic!
As we drove up, the road was blocked by thick black smoke, which we drove through and saw acres and acres of burning trash. As we pulled over and began unloading supplies, whole families began pouring into the disgusting streets, just to find out what we were up to. They politely lined up and waited patiently to hear what we would be doing with them.
Access to Certified Professional Midwives Act of 2011 (H.R. 1054)
Hugo sits alone. Miles tells him a warning might have been nice. Hugo did indeed say "run". He reveals to Miles that Michael told him to do that. Of course Miles doesn't know Michael so Hugo explains. "Michael. He's one of the people who come back and yell at me after they die. He told me I have to stop everyone from blowing up the plane, so...no dynamite...no more blowin up."
Aries also try to remind Singaporeans of their ‘place’ in the world:
Don't forget Annie Leibovitz is here, wearing her trademark basic black, armed with her personal digital camera, taking candid shots for the December issue of Vogue, so make sure you and your guest find her and pose extra dramatically. After hearing the history of the manor ghosts, she is concentrating on the front stairway, hoping to get a rare shot of our whispy lady in white. It's highly improbable, though, since she only makes her ghostly appearances between 3:00 and 4:30 a. m.
In order to truly appreciate the high quality images of Blu-ray Disc, the sound performance needs to be upgraded to match the images. Until now, it was difficult to fully enjoy Blu-ray Disc sounds because you had to install and correctly set up the speakers.
There is no difficulty over step 1. Step 2 – what is the contribution? – is again straightforward. It is to provide a computer program (in practice probably an interactive website) which can be used to carry out the method. The hardware used is standard and is not part of the contribution. Step 3 – is the contribution solely of excluded matter? – is again easy. The contribution is just the devised program up and running. Step 4 – is that contribution technical? – is again easy. No. So the exclusion applies.
One only has to look at studies and statistics concerning murderers who have been let out to kill again to realise that the death penalty does work as a deterrent – if not for others, at least for the killer in question.
Well for an intelligent chap, he has spouted some utter shit, I damn near spilt my coffee when I read that one.
The thinking behind the hypothesis goes like this:
1. First Line: Begin a story with “There was once a chance I didn’t take…”
BLITZER: Senator Santorum, most of the polls, almost all of the polls, want the wealthiest Americans to pay more in taxes in order to balance the budget. Why are they wrong, in your opinion?
Alas, I know there's no Vitamin C in dried pineapple and that it's not exactly a lo-cal snack. But who cares? When you find the perfect ring of dried pineapple, all is well in the world.
Nietzsche states that a woman’s true source of power lies in her ability to bear children (essentially the power to grant life), and that this trait serves as her underlying motivation for dealing with men (who are dependent on women for the propagation of their bloodline—their physical immortality, so to speak). Because of man’s dependence on woman in this regard, the masculine gender will readily deify womanhood (i.e. motherhood), to a higher realm of existence, a sentiment women will shrewdly use to “raise themselves higher,” to a plane of virtue that is beyond reproach. By this logic, Nietzsche reaches the conclusion that the emergence of the Woman’s Rights Movement, championing the “emancipation of women,” is the result of the resentful infertile female, who is incapable of attaining this higher plane due to her defect in drawing strength from the source of womanly power (childbirth). Thus, she must seek to lift herself higher by other means; namely by lowering the existing rank of the fertile woman and focusing her mind away from the ready-made “sanctity” of motherhood, towards non-feminine—i.e. infertile—interests.
Our team for zip-lining was a hoot. We were in fits of laughter most of the time, and I got to see 2 SLOTHs!!! But the fits of laughter were only made worse when the following happened: On the fastest and steepest line, I watched the 2 teammates in front of me fly down and make some form of contact with the tree. They were laughing and uninjured as the guide, also known as my Hero, on the other end helped them down. As I got hooked up, the guide on MY end looked at me and said, "No break..." This wouldn't be a problem, as I had yet to figure out the whole breaking thing. So off I go, yelling out our team's flight yell of "that shit craaaaaay" ( please note that the cray part is similar to how Tarzan would yell). As I'm racing toward the platform, I am realizing that maybe the best plan would be to open my legs and straddle the tree, thus avoiding breaking my ankle. But at the last moment, my Hero jumped out to catch me and I ended up straddling him instead. My teammates lost it as I apologized profusely. We were both bright red with embarrassment.... One platform later the 2 guides wanted to take our group's picture... I wonder why... I hope he knew it was just a one zip-line stand, because I'm not sure I can commit to a repeat performance on that level.
Hideji cascade lager
After a scoreless second, the Rangers pulled even on a Ryan Callahan power-play goal at 6:58 of the third. Callahan’s goal was just the third power-play strike surrendered by Washington in nine playoff games this spring.
“Mr Williams’s phones also had bondage websites in their browser history, while a smart phone found on a table contained no data because its factory settings had been restored.”
Tapper: and your poll numbers plummeted
We got there a bit early and were pleasantly surprised to find that the cultural center serves food. I had a yummy Quiche and salad with the BEST cornbread I have EVER tasted! Seriously, THE BEST CORNBREAD!
Except for the individuals themselves who may find themselves sitting in classrooms earning college degrees because that's what the parent wants or being trotted out to events to showcase their story (and yet, we're willing to assert that some of the anti-vaccine people have Münchhausen by proxy?). Except for the parents who may find themselves behind bars because the facilitator's fabricated a story of abuse in which one or both of the parents were the perpetrators. Except for human rights in general.
Natalie had one final thought before the life drained from her completely. It was her eyes. They just didn't blink enough.
3 cups arugula
Morin settled down after allowing three in the first inning to hold Crater scoreless until Blake Fahndrich launched a three-run home run in the fifth inning to put Crater back on top 6-3.
The authors also conducted a number of correlation analyses. Recent research using diffusion tensor magnetic resonance imaging has found a correlation between the the integrity of different white matter connections in the brain and specific symptoms of autism. If anomalous brain connectivity is at the root of the atypical motor generalization in autism, we might expect there to be strong associations between measures of motor generalization and specific symptoms.
Cornstarch for thickening (1 T) - 2 T all-purpose flour
6) Put it on paper (and say aloud).
Entries without a link back on your blog will be deleted!
So, I'd been monitoring Joy because she was cool. Why was she cool? Because she wrote about Baba Yaga. What more reason could you possibly need?
"The usual for you and Moon?"
I want the world to be a good place and for people to be good people. I like to believe that everyone is good. Innocent until proven guilty. I have faith in human kind. I wish everyone else could have a bit of trust and not be so quick to judge a kind act as something with a nasty hidden agenda.
Anna Freud devoted a chapter of her book ‘The Ego and the Mechanisms of Defence’ (1937) to ‘Intellectualization at Puberty,’ seeing the way the ‘increased intellectual, scientific, and philosophical interests of the period represent attempts at mastering the drives and the connected emotions’ as relatively normal. She considered that only ‘if the process of intellectualization overruns the whole field of mental life’ might it be ‘already pathological.’ Jargon is often used as a device of intellectualization. By using complex terminology, the focus becomes on the words and finer definitions rather than the human effects.
We all laughed nervously as the teacher assured him that his parents would help him. The boy continued to protest, holding his hands out in front of him with an alarmed look on his face. "But that's going to hurt!"
And so we cut back to Black Pudding who is sitting with Shag, Kelly and Ziggy on one of the sea walls.
HENRY JAGLOM: I can't think of one. I go back to my favorites of all time. Stuff like Fellini's 8 1/2 and the Bergman films. Film's that have influenced me and changed my life are what I am still watching today. The Bob Hope & Bing Crosby films, I still watch those. I love the 50's British comedies like, THE LADYKILLERS (1955). It all goes back to childhood, what you see then, influences you. Orson Welles, F FOR FAKE. Jean Renoir's RULES OF THE GAME (1939).
If you have any other inks or papers you like, please add to the comments here, so that when I do move to the new location I can make my comparisons more complete. The last time we did this survey we got these results.
~LP
Let us know your thoughts on trips! We’d love to hear what trips you’ve been on, what you learned from them, and encouraging words for our campers who have not yet experienced a trip!
Luckily we have a birthday party coming up so I have channeled their craftiness into projects to help the celebrations. But if you are stuck here are some ideas.
Because I go without a shirt
On the basis of the matters considered for authorisation, the judge also concluded that the operators of TPB induced, incited or persuaded its users to commit infringement of copyright and that they and the users acted pursuant to a common design to infringe. This made TPB jointly liable for the users' infringements. Practical Significance With that the record companies scored something of a slam dunk against TPB, which comes as no surprise given TPB's notoriety and the lack of any one present in court to attempt to spin any clever arguments in their defence. Experience learned from the Newzbin cases, combined with the facts that the claim was undefended and brought by a large representative group of record companies, means that the industry has probably obtained this judgment for a fairly modest cost, as compared to the usual expense of a fully-fought copyright dispute. This will not make it cost effective to bring similar claims in respect of every infringing service on the Internet, but it may make it feasible to repeat the endeavour against some of the other main offenders. This was only stage one – the next stage is to have the Court order a block. But everything looks good on that front. The hard part in the Newzbin cases was probably obtaining the original infringement judgment, the follow-up application under section 97A of the CDPA, although making new ground, was relatively straightforward and it came as no surprise when the block against BT was ordered. The hearing on the block is set for June, but it is hard to see what outcome there will be other than an order against all six ISPs to block access to TPB. BT put forward all the arguments it could against the block in Newzbin2; they all failed. There is very little to distinguish the Newzbin service from TPB's. In fact, as Arnold J noted, TPB is arguably the stronger case of infringement. Following the first block against BT in Newzbin2, section 97A appeared to be a fairly powerful weapon for rightsholders, and they are well on the way to deploying it successfully here. The record companies approach appears cleverly engineered: the ISPs will not oppose the claim of infringement, and once that unopposed (and likely therefore quicker and cheaper) claim succeeds it is almost inevitable that the court will order a block. The efficiency of this process, and the way in which ISPs are likely to react to future applications by rightsholders, may well depend on how the Court decides the matter of costs. In Newzbin2, BT had to pay the costs of the film studios' application because it resisted it, as well as the costs of implementing the order. Declining to oppose the copyright infringement claim here may save the ISPs some costs, but we have yet to see what position they will take on the block and whether, if it is granted, the court will again require them to pay for its implementation. To conclude on a more practical point: will the block work? Already, and with its usual defiance, TPB has vowed to fight on and adapt so as to become harder to block. It will now switch completely from using torrent files to using "magnet" files on the basis that the latter are harder to block. Further, many of the mechanisms available to ISPs for blocking websites (eg, IP address blocking and re-routing, URL blocking) can be circumvented using fairly straightforward methods such as by using proxy servers. There are also countless websites and YouTube videos purporting to explain how to get round blocks – although websites devoted to circumvention may be covered by the terms of any blocking order too. The author will revisit this case once its second part is heard in the summer".
I've always had an issue with my cream blushers just not applying properly. When I use my fingers, I get mroe on my fingers than I do on my face and when I use a standard brush, it seems to never apply properly.
The third is also pretty important. Don’t horde high calories foods. From a young age I’ve been introduced to high calorie foods in what my mum calls “The Goodie Drawer”. It’s a drawer in the kitchen where sweets, crisps, cakes, snacks and so on are stored. This has a horrible effect on weight loss as the moment you’ve had a hard day or are feeling crappy, where’s the first place you’re going to head? If you can’t control the “Goodie Drawer”. Or you can’t resist buying sweets, try not to horde them around the house. Keep it in the kitchen, and make your first port of call the fridge, not the Drawer of Cake Death.
- SportyPal Pro
Much of the Y chromosome was ignored during the Human Genome Project because it is chock full of repetitive sequences, transposons, and other sequences that required a more detailed analysis than what was done in 2000. In 2003, Skaletsky, et al. (from the Page lab at Whitehead) published their full Y sequence and an initial analysis of what they found.
one. If your French is sufficient the backsleeve might tell you
Later my friends.
Avatar… If I’m being honest, I have to say I don’t get it. I mean… I liked it as much as the next guy, but I don’t get why this movie earned more than any other movie ever. Despite that disconnect, I have no real negative feelings about it. If it had beaten The Hurt Locker for Best Picture, I’m fairly sure my perspective on the movie wouldn’t change. I’d certainly yell and rant that it didn’t deserve to win Best Picture, but I do that with Chicago also, and I like Chicago just fine.
My favorite tv show is...Dino Squad and Dinosaur Train.
With news of Edward’s secret engagement, his mother disinherits him. Lucy leaves Edward and decides to marry his brother, Robert. Edward apologizes to Elinor and both decide to marry. After Marianne overcomes her illness, she begins to become infatuated with Colonel Brandon and both decide to marry as well. Willoughby is left alone with regret. All is well and the Mrs. Dashwood and Margaret have a happy life as well with their married sisters.
As I eased myself into a chair........
Likewise when my son would blow up and act out in anger I would internally curse him for not being there to help me. When my kids tested me with the rules I became bitter that I had to be the heavy all the time.
In a classic moment I was chastised for my “self promotion” by the prodigal son who went on to say that those who succeeded in the firm were team players, not self aggrandizing ladder climbers. Yeah, and a crack whore is not interested in their next fix but only in being a productive member of society. Another sign of how out of touch upper management was with what the true culture of the company was about. The prism through which upper management saw the culture was distinctly tinted, and they fail to see how distorted the prism is. Like being caught in an episode of the Twilight Zone where what everyone on the outside would say is dysfunctional this firm saw as part of their culture.
Not so fun fact: sleeping with an elevated leg is next to impossible. I tried for hours last night, in an effort to reduce the swelling on my ankle, and then just gave up to finally catch up on those precious Z's. It was a necessary sacrifice. Also, my cast is ridiculously ugly and useless, so I wore sturdy boots today and still felt totally secure in my step. I think I'm almost all recovered! But onto more interesting news (because my ankle is probably boring you to tears already)...
I can only take so many farewells.
So, the reason why I forgot about my Sunday post is because my husband and I have been working on furniture for the past 2 days in preparation to set up my booth. I have a crazy fear of power saws and nail guns, even though my dad had me using a circular saw when I was 10...so, until I can over come my paranoia in relation to losing a finger or hand, I rely on my wonderful husband to risk his digits instead.
What if they live in some obscure part of the world where the Gospel is never preached? If people who never hear about Jesus are safe from Hell, since the option of accepting him really isn’t open to them, then isn’t going out there and telling people about Jesus the absolute worst thing you can possibly do to someone? We should try and destroy all evidence of his existence and never mention him again, so that future generations can be safely ignorant, if that were the case. But that’s not an idea that’s ever really taken off.
What are you saying "It's OK!" to this week?
John is known for his enthusiasm, and always puts out a maximum effort to get involvement from other team members. John sees the project resulting in a high level of both corporate and customer approval. John’s approach to Bill is on the assumption that Bill is driven to want the same things. John thinks everybody should want the same things he does. No matter how much John would want it to be that way, it just isn’t true.
Oh well will find out and let you all know.
Italian prime minister, Silvio Berlusconi is remaining low key on his 75 birthday amid allegations that he had orgies and paid a 17 year old for sex. MSNBC will air the video on "To Catch a Prime Minister."
Category: Travel - Essays & Travelogues; Philosophy; Social Science - Popular Culture
That said, Mark Gatiss has done a lovely job updating the monster story -- I think maybe he tried a tad tiny bit too hard ("The Grimpen Minefield") but at the same time, I'm deeply grateful not to have to go through the whole quicksand thing.
07: Waiting On Today - 4:37
I cannot admit this Machiavellian answer because it is too implausible. I am in a word, prepared to allow the possibility of sincere and honest radicalism. It is suggested that the real answer lies again in the by now familiar phenomenon of attitude-behaviour discrepancy (Ray, 1971d ). If one may for a moment wax anecdotal, on occasions I have, when talking with young Maoists and others of the more 'revolutionary' (and minuscule) Left in Australia, often had the experience of hearing their actions and creed justified by talk that boiled down to something being 'just wrong' or 'basically unjust' (cf. Bedford, 1970). When giving my reply to this: 'But I don't believe that there's any such thing as Right and Wrong', the typical answer was initially a rather long silence followed by: 'But I don't either'. This would then be followed by some sort of attempt by other arguments to persuade me to feel as the revolutionary did about the fancied 'injustice'. The conversation always terminated in the revolutionary realising that he was speaking to someone who just did not get angry about the same things he did. This caused complete (if sometimes polite) cessation of further interaction. The radical, then, although he would on serious reflection reject out of hand the notion of an objective Right, does find in the heat of debate no language more appropriate to express his feelings than the language of Right and Wrong. Once out of his armchair, the radical is as moralistic (if not more so) as the reactionary. His abstract conclusions about the nature of Right have not penetrated far or deeply into his everyday behaviour or thinking. Underneath it all, he is still working with the same sort of assumptions as the reactionary. The point at issue is always what is right, not whether anything is right. If then to some the radical appears an especially moralistic person, this is to be understood as showing that he is a person who feels especially deeply about certain social phenomena and, as a consequence, he has more need of the language that is traditionally appropriate to expressing such feeling and which has most efficacy in inspiring others to feel similarly. The danger of course is that if the radical talks as if there were an absolute Right and Wrong he might, given the opportunity, act as if there were also. We all know the pitiless oppression that can result (e.g. the Spanish inquisition, Stalinist Russia) when men believe that they act in the name of Right. Thus alone can inhumane acts be justified in the name of humanity and mercy.
1) P(1) = price at t=1, which is 24 hours after t=0.
If you are a soldier, listen, but if something is not right speak up. (I admit I am not good at this one, the speaking up part)
Don't get me wrong, I'm even more in love with Christmas than I am with Halloween ;) However, this does not mean poor little Thanksgiving deserves to be left in the dust to fend for itself! I'd love to hear your thoughts on this in the comments :) Now, let's go ahead and get to my finds...
(now about five years old or so,)
Tammy’s Story:
In my last post, I was in a state about the water running down the wall and causing damp to get under the wallpaper in the bathroom, causing mould to grow through the paper and the beginnings of the same in the room beneath.
The President of Sudan is the subject of an arrest warrant by the International Criminal Court for genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes in Darfur.
We offer a vast array of favors, gifts and party supplies of all types at a great price so be sure to come visit our online store Favor Central at www.favorcentral.com , contact us and let us do the work for you!
Nothing to see. It's like the whole
Snack Snacky snack snacks.
I’ll be what I will be
Okay, whatever that was about: this episode is one of those ones that makes you think how absolutely weird it is that Data is not only a Starfleet officer, but is considered mature and competent enough as a Starfleet officer to be third in command of the Federation flagship, and yet nobody seems to have any real cognitive dissonance about how much like a young child he behaves in this story. Data was, what? Twenty-eight or nine by now? It makes sense for him to have an odd way of looking at the world, but not for him to completely overlook the number one rule of his job just because he was curious. Innocent and naïve, yes, but this goes beyond innocence into tomfoolery. Meanwhile we see an actual child, Wesley Crusher, being put in charge of adult officers.
Then, this morning...
We Are Marching in the Light of God/Siyahamba
Likewise, listening to Barry hUSsein this morning as he preached to the United Nations, about how difficult 'peace' is to achieve through his narrow tunnel vision.
Then I guess, that leaves us to the thought that it’s somehow a pleasing series. Let’s just say that the moment I’ve read the last page of the book, I instantly searched the net for the next installment – quicker than I could have written my whole name. Turns out, I was not alone in doing the same thing. Haha. Aaaaand I thought I was weird. =p Well, I shouldn’t even be so surprised, since the ending is some sort of a cliffhanger in itself right there. But anyway, I’ve found out that there would be another installment. However, it remains a surprise.
Around this time another SMS arrives: “US Embassy Bamako advises all American citizens to continue sheltering in place. No significant changes overnight.” No signs of any major developments via the electronic media either, but RFI has an interesting roundup of local and world opinion on the CNRDR coup.
If the signs and lords don’t feel especially Indian or Vedic to you, and sound more like universal metaphysics, that’s because you are perceptive. They are universal metaphysics. If, for whatever reason, you really want to dive into the “Vedic” roots of “Vedic Astrology” you should dive into understanding the symbolic mythology of the 27 stars. That alone will take you on a grand tour of the Puranas (a huge portion of “Vedic” literature). And you must also explore the interpretive effects of tithi and tithi-var-nakshatra yogas.
‘The skyscraper has petrified the cities. In an age of speed, the skyscraper has congested the city. A statement of fact: the skyscraper has reinstated the pedestrian, exclusively. The pedestrian crawls at the feet of those skyscrapers like a beetle at the foot of a steeple.’
Then open the mold, place the pieces in, fill the bottom piece (mine was filled with diced fuji and braeburn apples mixed with flour, sugar, salt, cinnamon, and ground cloves), and close the mold to crimp the edges in place. The mold didn't do a great job with this part though, so instead I just crimped around the edges with a fork.
We know these things. We do not have faith that these statements are true simply because we are not 100% certain though. We could all just be in a dream or some other possibility that is proposed, which is that 0.0000000000000000000000…000001% chance that we may be wrong, though it is not faith in any way, shape, or form. There is no need to even seriously consider that 0.0000000000000000000…000001%. It is so unlikely that it is indistinguishable from something that will never happen.
Mid Clinical Stage Products 12
Oct 4 – The Rock Box – Rockford, IL (Headlining)
No one could save me from me.
And music, went to Camelot;
Do you question the young children in the sorrow,
__stroke.data = __data;
What strikes me most is her independence. That may sound ridiculous of someone who needs changing and feeding, but it’s her spark that’s independent, her spirit.
Mississippi
Another tough thing to understand in all this is this thought: We encounter God in the darkest of night’s experiences. Sometimes God doesn’t come to us when everything is rosy. When we have health, happiness, money in the bank and no threats, we usually don’t think much about God. But the darkest nights scare us because we can’t see where we’re going, we can’t see things, we can’t see ourselves; nor can we see God. In those dark experiences, we can seek God and He will reveal Himself to us. If you are in a dark black night – it is time for you to cry out to God to show you His presence and power and light – it is time for you to encounter the light of the world! God who is light want to shine into that dark night and provide for you – but you have to trust him for that to happen! You have to be willing to change – unwillingness to change means things will remain the same. God will shine his light into your life for change!
Though life would still go on
2. Liar (Ballard) 3:14
But I did want to be out in the fresh air and sunshine.
4.YOU'RE CAPABLE. If adults identify special abilities in children, they'll feel capable of making good decisions for themselves.
For those who know what it’s like
I have a vague memory of being a kid, and of having divvied them up, into the times of day I preferred each of them. (No offense, parents, this is a weird little kid memory, and I was probably hopped up on Ovaltine.) I think I remember, but I could be wrong, deciding with my brother that we liked playing games with my dad during the day, but my mom was better at tucking us in at night.** Does that even make sense now? I don’t know. Would Robb back me up? Probably not.
2. There was a dead seal washed-up on shore. While I wouldn’t have taken a picture, nor do I find joy in the rotting carcass of an ex-seal, it was a very strange sight. I couldn’t help but think of a scene in Bob’s Burgers last year when Gene and Louise are excited because they find a dead seal, and now they have big plans of going and poking it with a stick:
The packaging specialist asserts that great packaging is the answer.
The story follows brother and sister Whit and Wisty as they embark on a journey that enables them to discover their family’s true identities. The New Order, a campaign that has won most elections in their country, has been taking over, and imprisoning those who are true creators or innovators, as well as witches and wizards. When New Order officers arrest Whit and Wisty’s family they have no idea what is going on, and are soon torn away from their parents, who leave them nothing but an old drumstick and an empty book to discover themselves.
A panther light and swift exceedingly,
So far so good on the exercise and health front! Woohoo! It hasn't been easy - but I'm feeling really good about it. These 6 am bootcamps are killer, but man what a good work out. Now to drag my butt out of bed at 5 am for a run...lets see if I can get that done tomorrow!
inspiration for me. For example: Stampin' Up Catalog, Scrapbook.com Funny Quotes, Scrapbook.com Inspirational Quotes, Scrapbook.com Favorites, Scrappiest(a sketch challenge blog I like) Sketches, etc... These are all places I get inspired from when I look through what is in them. I have tons of pages on pinterest.com for inspiration too. If you save your articles from your mags and make a binder out of those articles (something we will be talking about later) ... that would be a great place of
American Life League has joined Sound Choice Pharmaceutical Institute in calling for a Fair Labeling and Informed Consent Act in light of the findings.
By my reading of that newly found archive, that is. Back in June 2004 I noted this:
Part One
I'm up late tonight, but clutching a text of my favorite author, Jorge Luis Borges, before I go to sleep. A quote of his once changed my life:
Let’s start with this very first one. These are flags at a shrine. The whole Kamiyama is probably fictional, but it’s worth looking. The first few ones say 陣山稲荷神. I don’t know if there are characters off screen… If it’s just 陣山, then it may be the Jin’yama in Hiroshima prefecture – though that’s not Kamiyama city but Miyoshi. If there is a character missing, then it could be 御陣山 (gojin-yama), which is a historical heritage site in Saitama. 稲荷神 (inari-gami) is the god of harvest. The flags in the background say 商売繁昌 (shoubai-hanjou, flourishing business), 家内安全 (kanai-anzen, safety of one’s family), 交通… (koutsuu… kanji off screen, but it’s probably the same anzen as before, making it safe traffic).
Commando 4404
Things were moving along quite nicely, the elevator was up in space, we were making up new voices for all the characters, and it happened.
The ship in question was doomed except for God. The world today is doomed except for Jesus Christ as seen in Colossians 1:17. “He is before all things, and by him all things consist.” He is holding things together, yes, even in your life whether you know it or not.
Use one strip as your bottom ruffle. Pin the ruffle around the base of the cone. You could probably be creative and figure out how to do this on your machine, but I did sew this one on by hand. Oh, and FYI...fail on my part. I used white thread. So now you can see all of my stitches. Dumb.
I don't know why, of all the things to remember from my childhood, that I so vividly remember so many people asking me; what do you want to be when you grow up? Maybe it was the awkwardness that I felt in the truth. Maybe it was all of those years of listening to my own mother speak of her expectation, in a demanding tone, that I be a strong and dynamic woman, and most importantly, that I don't need a man. Or maybe it was that she never really seemed to enjoy her role as a mother very much. So, when asked, I often froze for a second or two, my mind stumbled for an acceptable answer, while my heart knew the truth. I wanted to be a mom. That's it, just a mom, nothing else.
So ladies and gentlemen, if it may please the court, though still in process of discovery, I would like to present my findings categorically herewith - to be amended as new information arises.
cultural change this re-commissioning aims to deliver?
- I promise to get hammered and never complain about a hangover
Drummond has lived a full life and has seen violent and challenging things. He is embittered and yet still searching for meaning. Spinoza was the supreme rationalist. He wore a signet ring with the inscription “cautiously,” and proposed treating theological questions in the same way a mathematician, for example, might treat a triangle. In Spinoza’s view, which Drummond is coming to adopt, the old-world god has ceased to exist, to be replaced by a more abstract, less personal but more powerful sense of the
*Fun and enjoyable rewards will motivate your child to continue along the journey.
7:25 Make my way upstairs to the other set of girls room and let them know to get moving,dressed,and chores as well.
A week ago I returned from a conference trip to Las Vegas. Don’t ask me why (ask the planning committee), but the International Society for the Study of Narrative decided to hold its annual conference there this year. Of all the places for a bunch of academic nerds to gather together and wax eloquent about esoteric literature … I only heard one person mention that they were “going to go gamble” and it looked so strange coming out from under a pair of horn-rimmed glasses. I think the rest of us wandered around the Strip gawking in horror at the City of Conspicuous Consumption. Personally I bet a dollar (because you can’t actually put coins into slot machines any more, just dollar bills) and won a dollar along with a free drink, and left feeling lucky.
I've had nearly a hundred people write me, after having seen the segment on ABC, to ask me how to start a blog. I don't have time to answer everyone so I thought I'd tell you what I know about blogs (not much) here.
Training and Development done holistically gives the greatest opportunity for the employees to adapt and be flexible when faced with challenges that are not typically covered in the content of the manual or seen typically on the job.
Our attention has been drawn to this narration. Because the Lumbini archaeological finds, particularly the Lumbini Ashokan pillar inscription does not support that the Buddha was born in an Indian kingdom. No literature on the Buddha says he was born in India. We believe this is not right information media like PBS would disseminate to the public. The information requires to be corrected before it reaches to the general public – we believe.
As I said a few days ago, I still have a couple of Christmas cards to share with you.... and that's what you're getting today....
A few notes on the eggs:
ZAB’s one after the other statements like “we will break the legs of anyone going to Dacca to attend the NA session there”, “Udhar tum idhar hum” and “I would rather be a top dog of half of Pakistan than be an underdog of full Pakistan” left little doubt in the minds of Mujib and company who opted for the Civil Disobedience in the province. Their provincial autonomy stance kept becoming harder by the day and all negotiations between them and the West Pakistani leaders and the Federal government led by Gen.Yahya himself failed. The civil disobedience had transformed itself into an outright mutiny and to quell it the army struck on the night of 25th March 1971, starting an internecine guerrilla war between the military and Mukti Bahini lasting for 8 long months. On 21st November 1971 – Eid Day – the Indians launched a fully fledged armed attack on East Pakistan which lasted for 26 days of intense fighting by the Pakistan army under extremely adverse conditions
The anticipated debut single from emerging gospel artist Janice Gaines, titled “One Day,” heads to radio and online outlets today, and is currently streaming online at OneDayMusic.com. The single will be available for download on iTunes and Amazon.com on May 15, 2012.
This is disturbing for many reasons. At the very least, it suggests the impracticability of the health-care law; HHS gave the waivers because it fears the law will cost many Americans their jobs and insurance.
I picked up some trotters at Eastern Market, brought them home and cleaned them. I had the option of buying just the feet, or what I bought below, which is the feet with the shank attached. I decided to do this because you have to split and braise them, then use the skin to wrap the meat in during part of the cooking process, so I wanted to make sure I had some nice, long pieces of skin to work with:
It’s the AVX2 and possibly the Transactional Synchronization Extensions you are willing to think hard about from the FinQuant app side. For example, I think w. AVX2 there is mumbling about giving you 8-way SIMD scatter-gather. Think of that as single clock binary protocol parsing, after everything is aligned and suitable genuflecting has taken place with the compiler switches. Most of the other headline stuff seems to be there to do a bunch of SoC stuff to fight for mobile systems market share.
Who have I become????
Sassoon trained under Raymond Bessone, in his salon in Mayfair, of whom he said in 2010 that “He really taught me how to cut hair…. I’d never have achieved what I have without him.” Sassoon opened his first salon in 1954 in London. Sassoon stated his intentions in designing new, more efficient, hair styles: “If I was going to be in hairdressing, I wanted to change things. I wanted to eliminate the superfluous and get down to the basic angles of cut and shape.”
First can I just say a big hello to my new followers *waves to my new pals* Lovely to see you! It also means I've crept closer to the big '30' followers which was my target for the first blog giveaway :-) Guess I better get busy making something for that then! Hope you'll all enter!
nasties guarantee."
What you encounter in "Burning Chrome" is young people growing up so naturally in a technological world that in their 'play' they are capable of destroying the power structures designed to keep them down. Of course Gibson's future is dystopic as hell, except insofar as he suggests that technology will not supplant our inborn instincts, but, at some date we've yet to reach, will help us engage in our behavior at its most human (of course it wouldn't be interesting if Gibson didn't complicate the theme by suggesting we pay a steep psychological price for the combination of technology and cheap consumerism). I wonder what he'd think of Gibson's style, which is certainly more poetic and figurative than his own. What would Dashiell Hammett think if he saw Gibson's blending of SF and Noir?
The idea is to pretend Sam is a bounty hunter and that Spangle is a new sex slave for Commander Toadie's harem. While this sounds like a recipe for disaster, it actually turns out to be pretty solid rouse. Only problem being that Sam seems to be having way too fun yanking Spangle's leash. However, even though she's let her hair down and taken off her glasses, Spangle is still the one wearing the white earrings in this relationship. Meaning, she can still zap his scrotum with the flick of a wrist.
:: Not allowing myself to create any further debt or go into the negative for my bank accounts.
I posted a blog (or did I?) the other day.
The Sephora lipsticks were bought as a part of a lot on Ebay. A lot that had all types of red, some blue, some yellow, some green etc.The best lipstick I have ever come across - highly pigmented, easy to work with and stays on like a charm. My favorite lipstick of the bunch above is the first, sheer and as if you had just had some raspberries. You can see the color better below.
The door is opened for you to explore other possibilities, so now what are you going to do with it? You may have to teach English in Mexico or China. You may have to move to a rural area. You may have to accept the fact that the college degree will not make you a great success unless you, yourself, are willing to add the ingredients of both imagination and ambition along with it, but I do assure you that once you do, you still can become all you wanted to become.
Kenneth W. Yanko ... Sheriff Billings
We spent some time - nearly the whole day - with my sister Rachel and her family, on Saturday. Scott was helping to assemble a rather simple but large play-yard for their three girls. This has been an ongoing project for quite some time for my BIL, and the fam, and to be sure, quite a bit of "redneckin'" goes along to show. It's all good. I'm so grateful for their safety. And that the pending rain storm held off.
Saxophone – John Gilmore, Marshall Allen
Ovechkin made the most of his limited time, firing seven shots on net – the most of any skater on either side – and supplying the game-breaking and game-winning power play strike with 7:27 left in the third period. That goal gave the Caps a 3-2 win and enabled Washington to even the series at 1-1.
"Yes, you're right. The colours are harsher - the greens are yellow greens aren't they?"
Schoolwork has been killing me guys....
that smudge the contours of the red tipped wand
6 time Iron man triatholon winner
In addition to BUTTer, CJ also makes BUTTer'd Carcass Cleaner that is a moisturizing body wash and wipe solution. If that isn't enough, you can also check out her deliciously flavored Lip Balms, Travel Trench (car-seat alternative to bulky winter coats), Towel Trench (summertime or bathtime cover-up) and Blanket Bags for toddlers to sleep safely.
Which then brought me to the realization that one day in the not distant enough future my children would leave me, my dogs will pass on and I will be left with only my husband. I started to panic a little until I came to the realization that I could always buy another dog. That helped a little.
A change was needed and not one of those things-will-come-together-one-day, but in a sense a major overhaul that would require several get-it-done-right-now-or-you'll-be-in-the-same-rut projects. So to prepare for this change, I began with my trusty list (I am a list-maker, can't help it), wrote down the steps I felt were necessary to make this space my own, and then began to set some dates. Yes, I wrote them in my Day Planner to make it more of a reality.
Linux was indeed a breath of fresh air! So was the final price.
He knew now that they both went out to work; she was always first, always in a hurry, zooming off with the windscreen only half de-misted. Her husband emerged about an hour later, setting off on foot towards the station, strolling along, looking around, taking notice of the sky, the weather, the geese flying over. Tom thought that, in another place and time, they might have got on quite well. He reckoned they both had that inclination to stand and watch; natural observers. But you had to keep work and pleasure separate, Tom knew that; there couldn’t be any friendly chat with the man from no.32.
Being in the Amazon was dangerous, which I liked. It's one of the best books I've read. And I'd really like to read the books about Everest and Mars."
Cleaned out some rooms
Kate Reddy is good at everything, successfully juggling the role of wife, mother and successful career woman in Boston where she lives. Richard, her architect husband who has recently gone out on his own is hugely supportive and child care is a fact of life for their two young children. But juggling constant travel as well as honouring family commitments is no mean feat and friends and family alike wonder how Kate does it? Available 8 March – Outdoor from 8 May (TBC)
Ok, I’m really upset with wordpress right now!!! I keep writing this post and it keeps getting deleted everytime I publish it. I might have to just come back later….
Here is a video about the beer.
Douglas’ testimony goes over like gangbusters and he’s ready to start anew. As he gets relocated, he also gets to meet his son. Happy endings do come true!
you find milk and i'll find flour
In this case, the producer was Ben Schwalb, who produced such films as the Elvis Presley flick Tickle Me and the mystery The Hypnotic Eye, both of which feature easily-swayed women, not to mention tons of Bowery Boys installments, featuring dumb guys. Hey, he knew what sold. So what if it had to do with men dominating women - or just stupid guys in general? Men were the biggest advocate for such films. And when it came to science fiction movies where men dominated women, it was the teenaged males who flocked to these kinds of storylines time and again, and you gotta give the audience what they want.
Then the temperature dropped and it seemed like the perfect time to make a pair of Trenza mitts, a free pattern designed by Susanna IC. I used three-ply handspun (Ashland Bay merino fiber) and it worked very nicely for the cables.
Christmas Child ... LMN ... 12 PM
“But it won’t affect a property’s resale value. It’s not permanent and can be easily replaced. Besides, the first thing most homebuyers do is give it a new coat of paint anyway.
The Keep Kids Fire Safe Foundation is pleased to announce the addition of a new fire safety hidden puzzle picture by artist Liz Ball! Sparkles the Fire Safety Dog and Firefighter Dayna Hilton enjoyed working on the project with Liz with the goal of helping spread the fire safety message in a unique way among children and their caregivers.
11. Name one thing you love about yourself, physically or otherwise?
The condos might start at $119,900 but this marketing is priceless.
Last week when I took a day off from work for a quick trip across the causeway to JB with my colleague, I picked up this cute little bottle from Etude House!
Conversation with the Hostage:
Françoise Rosay Drôle de Drame
"Are you kidding?" I answered. (hee hee hee)
10. Intactivism - I wish I had even considered that there were other possibilities then circumcision. I wasn't informed that there was a choice. For more information here is Peaceful Parenting's post Are You Fully Informed?
Ravi’s conviction has dangerously expanded the already over-broad and subjective statutes against “hate crimes,” which are for the most part based on words and attitudes. Such laws are an attempt to criminalize preferences disapproved of by some political ideologies, and they are based on dubious social psychology theories about how “hate speech” creates a “climate of fear” that legitimizes and hence increases physical violence or harassment against protected groups. The problem with such laws, however, is that in practice they are selective, protecting politically favored constituencies while excluding other groups such as Christians, Jews, straight white males, or conservatives. Worse yet, what constitutes “hate speech” is highly subjective and reductive, ignoring the specific contexts and intentions that contribute to any speech act. Finally, under the Constitution, we are free to dislike whomever we wish for whatever reason we wish, no matter how much such dislike disturbs others. And subject to strict “fighting words” constraints, under the First Amendment we have the right to express that dislike in speech, including speech others may find offensive.
For a long time, I struggled with my current WIP's genre. I remember back in December, I did a few posts with this question. I couldn't quite pinpoint it. Fantasy? Science Fiction? Steampunk? It seemed to me, White Echoes had elements of all.
“That’ll last for the rest of your life. What painkillers do you want?”
One session I attended — “Be a Compelling Communicator” — had some great tips on delivering more effective presentations. Public speaking is one of those “soft” skills that is crucial to lawyering at basically every phase of litigation — with clients, adversaries, witnesses, senior/supervising attorneys, in court, etc. It also doesn’t hurt to have some communication tricks up your sleeve when networking and/or interviewing.
“Told you what!?” I think to myself as I wake from the dream at almost midnight. I try to close my eyes to continue in the dream so she can finish the sentence, but it didn’t work. I tried to finish it myself and all of the possible conclusions were countless. It was another event as I described in my first posting on this blog when I feel like she is really talking to me from afar. I’ve never had dreams like this before. I seriously hear an audible voice speaking. Is it only my conscience? Did I make some promise I didn’t keep? I grabbed my phone and refreshed the emails, etc. to see that nothing new had arrived and I went back to sleep. Then, I woke again at 3:00am with my hand slightly extended in front of my face and realized another dream of holding her face there and looking into her eyes and I remembered saying something from my deepest feelings and heart as I wrote about in Twinkling Lucidity. “My angel eyes, you are the woman of my dreams. When I look at you I see an eternity, past and future. A past of waiting to find you and a future wanting to hold you forever.” That’s how I always felt when looking into her eyes while we were together.
with the smell of sewage
Russia suggests that Austria should leave its little brother alone.
Science gives man knowledge, which is power;
Whatever. Oh, they didn’t mention the light-eyed/dark-eyed-ness here.
I realized that night that physical pain pales in comparison to mental anguish. I felt alone. In Peace Corps, loneliness and despair are worse than typhoid and malaria. Typhoid and malaria attack your immune system and your digestive system.
Not that we need teens to justify the opening night viewing. We just like hanging out with ‘em.
Snack was the chocolate mug cake.
500 grams All Purpose flour.
Have a wonderful day, sweets!
Well, it took me a few goes (you should have seen my first attempt.. it was hilarious, it was more like a 'granny hexagon') but I got there in the end.
Yeap past days was Pankerijada 2th anniversary when we started this shit.I remember me and dino was chiling outside and i told him dino why dont we start something with which we help grow punk scene and support bands.At first we planned to do a concert with bands that are never heard like war of bands and band who is the best on the gig that band will be gave a award but for few days we changed our minds and in that time dino was runing he's own blog and i got idea to do blog where will be writing about bands puting their demo's,sites,etc etc.And we create this blogspot shit then myspace and facebook.First of all we were thinking puting especially Croatian band but past few months we gave up because few of the bands from Croatia were grateful that they put on the blog.And now we are doing world-wide scene you can see on our blog from Europe,Asia,America and etc.We hope that this idea will not We hope that this idea will be dissolved as it is unusual for us here in Croatia.We hope for many years of good music,memories.Cheers&Peace
I am looking out the window at some men who are here to trim our trees. I don't mean they are just trimming them. They are up in the trees cutting limbs, then cutting sections of trunk, then all the way down to a remaining stump. A short while ago, I heard a tremendous crash and wondered aloud if they had dropped one of the trees on the house. But no, it fell beside the house. It was just VERY LARGE. Anyway, I keep glancing out, expecting to see one of these guys fall from a tree. They climb into the uppermost branches and hook themselves on with some manner of safety belt. Of course, when they are moving from limb to limb, they are not in the safety harness. You couldn't pay me to go up and do what they are doing. Since they wield chain-saws, I'm not about to let the boys go outside either.
Second is "Keep the Money Clean" by hiplifers Akoo Nana and Castro. As demonstrated in the video, these artists urge Ghanaians to "keep our Cedi clean" by using wallets and avoiding crumpling bills.
7. Sonatina Festival in November in which I have three students competing
If the human mind is capable of feeling the emotion of love, then why can’t the Creator who created it can’t feel the same thing?
In this perspectives, what are the power relationships evolving and how they are created?
You can hear them whisper behind your ear;
I ate in my normal way, one dish at a time. I know this seems odd to a number of people, including my beloved spouse. If it’s bacon, eggs and hash browns, you can expect me to eat the food in just that order … no mixing. In the case of the Houlihan’s chicken fingers platter, the proper way to eat is fries first – dipped in honey mustard sauce – followed by chicken fingers, and finally the peanut ginger slaw.
For the fruit salad I first put in the bowl a big can of pineapple chunks and a big can of peaches, juice and all. (Note: I wouldn't put as much juice in next time). I then mixed in a package of instant Vanilla pudding until it dissolved and added blueberries, grapes, and strawberries. I would normally also put in a banana, but my mom hates them.
I love my family. Honestly! That said there are times when I get an overwhelming craving for alone time. Here is what happened once when I actually got a bit of it. :::note – the following was first written when Anna (aka Baby Monkey Girl) was three years old:::
Plus, if you act now, every participant will put a link to your new blog on their own site. (But only if you promise to link us back. Actually, now that I think of it, you first.)
I shouldn’t have done this, but I started running a bit faster than I would have liked in order to catch Iain. At mile 4, my watch read 36:52. (I had paused my chronometer for the pee break.) I was running less than the 9:30 mile pace I had been saving for the end. Still, I kept it up until I rejoined Iain’s group, just past the turn-around.
We have family and friends who have offered us their showers and washing machines
New stuff: I think one thing we can all agree upon is that one reason for looking forward to a new book is the fact that it will be accompanied by a slew of new models and kits. Seeing the amount of care given to some of the more recent releases (with each army getting multiple “waves” of great plastic kits and Finecast models), it seems a fair assumption that Chaos will get all that and more. After all, it is without a doubt one of Games Workshop’s most loved and most interesting properties. There are many rumours about what will or will not get a redesign, rerelease or new plastic kit, and while I have my own wish list (new Khorne Berzerkers would be great, legion – or at least god – specific upgrade sprues would be even better, a plastic Dread is almost a no-brainer, and Cultists or Traitor Guard as a new troop choice would be glorious), the bottom line is that it’s probably going to be a huge release with a couple of spectacular new (plastic) kits. In my experience, most Chaos players are also avid converters and kitbashers, so even those kits not immediately useful for your actual army will probably get taken for a ride in all kinds of crazy conversion projects. The new models are really something to look forward to.
The camera didn't work. At all. I shot some okay shots with my iPhone instead, but I was furious. When I got back to Montpellier, I took it to a camera shop that was the designated repair location for this area and...well, the denouement is too embarrassing to go into. Let's just say that it wasn't entirely my fault, and that there's a bit of a design flaw in this camera.
What are you talking about?
This is one of the many fruit bushes and fruit trees that we recently planted. We decided to go with some unusual varieties. This is a medlar tree. It, like the others, doesn't look like much right now, but they hold promise for the future. :-)
These stories capture pretty well the state of book publishing: this appears to be no ordinary, cyclical crisis that future authors and publishers will shrug off. To understand how the book industry got into this predicament, however, a broader perspective may be needed. The cover story of February’s Harper’s Magazine provides that, discussing a fundamental shift in the federal approach to antitrust law that’s affected bookselling and countless other industries. It’s a story that hasn’t previously been told in a major periodical, to our knowledge.
Due to the above, I decided that tonight we would have a chilled out dinner which involved very little preparation and cooking. I have wanted to go on a picnic for so long however, the British weather has prevented Neil and I from using the gorgeous picnic hamper he bought me for my birthday last year. The obvious solution to both issues? An impromptu picnic in the living room!
Here’s a picture of two pins Josh and Mike presented me from their tribe. The round orange colored one with a blue triangle is their tribal Emergency Management pin. The other is a fairly typical CERT pin, with a significant change. They replaced the traditional “community” silhouette with the Pueblo and they added “YDSP” into the T of CERT. I’ll always be fond of these pins!
As it is written, For thy sake we are killed all the day long; we are accounted as sheep for the slaughter. Nay, in all these things we are more than conquerors through him that loved us. For I am persuaded, that neither death, nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor things present, nor things to come,
So as of Monday, she is down to two 8oz bottles (which are a combination of formula and whole milk - we are gradually working on switching over to whole milk). She has one bottle before her nap and one bottle before going to bed. That's it. Considering that she was drinking upwards of 45 ounces of formula a day - going down to just 16 ounces a day is a big deal and a great success!
The thing is, when it comes to "Imagine there's no country", most people "get it". They understand their assumptions are being deliberately challenged, and even if they disagree, they don't take it as a personal affront.
Columbus SL(SP) "Cylex" CrMo steel frame and fork.
Boots: a store in Kalispell, Montana (the stamp on the inside says Oak Grove Farms).
I enjoy each and every post she submits.
To start this off, all I can say is WOW!!! For once in my life, I have encountered an issue that required me to put a hand over my mouth, shake my head, take a deep breath and say holy crap! Not to worry though, Slick Rick at your service.
When it’s all finished three hours later, only my mother-in-law is left. We sit down and have a champagne and I finally relax.
Was it because I was too scared of what they would think or say?
I resist temptation with as much fervor as the Pilgrims did. But at Christmas, I can't be logical and practical. At Christmas, we all turn into Santa. We want to surprise, delight and spoil everyone on our list. We even want to reward the salesperson who is too busy and too harried to answer our questions or show us the ins and out of an appliance. It's O.K we think. Poor guy, he has all these people to attend to!
And it's the heart felt competition, the giving of one's all, the total joy of competing that one sees from the "non elite" athletes that reminds me why I love this sport so much! It's what keeps me in the stadium all afternoon even though the best mark I may see all day could be a 24 foot long jump, a 10.60 100 meters, or a 4:10 mile. You see, at the end of the day, what you get at a high school or college meet is the essence of the sport. And it's the essence of the sport - the pure competition itself - that makes this sport great.
my brother and his family,
Here is the blurb from the Press’s website:
1918: 1030.6 OG (low point during WW1)
I've struck through the ones that I can cross off my culinary bucket list. How about you? Where do you stand?
1. Have 100 sales on my Etsy shop
Obviously i don't know a whole lot about a group i just heard for the first time, but one interesting bit of fact i picked up on the inter-tubes is that the olde timey sounding piano was played by frontman Rob Woodward's mother, Hilda, and 'Mouldy Old Dough' was (still is, and probably always will be) the only UK #1 single to feature a mother and her son. And it's not that she just played on the track, she was a full time member of the group. Live gigs, touring, and all. HERE"S A LINK If you want to read more.
My apologies for my recent lack of activity...I am still full of a horrible snotty cold along with a hacking cough that's keeping me up all night - and half the street too I think! It's been living with me for a fortnight now and I am getting a tad fed up with it, not to mention the cost of decongestants, 4 bottles of cough medicine and countless boxes of tissues. But on the plus side, it is only a cold and will pass.....eventually :)
~Food Storage:
Ghee - 2 teaspoon
The Narrator tells the story and it is fixed in time and confined to a certain space, a location, the "setting". Or it doesn't happen that way at all. Maybe there are main characters and the story is about unraveling them, discovering what they are about, totally undressed until a motive is found. Maybe there is no hero, an anti-hero could tell a story and it could be about nothing at all. I have read storys that I didn't like but I liked the telling of them. Words can become music and we turn the pages simply because we like the sound, the literation, the poetry, the language, the whole orchestra of what is being said. The story becomes the description and what is actually happening isn't so important. It is the journey after all.
It wasn't Apple, Amazon or Google's fault, whatever nonsense you hear elsewhere.
Level 27: Reduces the damage received from the enemies by 18.5%.
First, let me start by saying it was virtually impossible find more than about ten examples of dark and bold nurseries (done well). That being said, I think we will start to see more of this decorating trend as it is incredibly sophisticated, chic and unique. What a refreshing change in nursery decor...not a "character" (Disney or otherwise) in sight!
I would not presume to speculate as to what Morgan Freeman (71) was doing driving 48 year old Ms Meyer's 1997 Nissan Maxima around Charleston at 11:30 at night, but it does seem that he wife of 24 years, Myrna, may have done some speculating of her own, as she filed for divorce a few days later
When I arrived at her house, I noticed that she, too, seemed to be nervous
Creative advertising involves billboards, radio, television, magazines, and newspapers. These are considered offline methods, and have traditionally been known as “creative.” This is not to imply the advertising is imaginative or artistic. Creative in this sense means creating interest in your product. As the consumer had never intended to come across your product, you are in a sense creating interest.
I saw it open Friday night and it was glorious (if only because I waited 5+ years to see the inside!) and by the time I got around to it with my camera Saturday we had a record breaking rain storm and this is what you give me
And then I went to bed. And it's still to near the top. And some of the letters are very badly formed. But I'm not going to throw it out. I will watercolour it. And then see what I think. I can always trim it and put it on a card!
Agar argues, contra de Grey, that the success of SENS will not allow us to live lives that are roughly comparable to those lived by contemporary young adults. The reason being that a massively extended lifespan will dramatically alter one’s attitude towards certain kinds of risky activities. In short, it will turn you into a simpering, cowering wreck, paralysed by pathetic anxieties and reluctant to set foot outside your own door for fear of some fatal accident befalling you. The logic behind Agar’s sentiments is easily expressed.
I know very little, for example, about music and films, but I see how music and films make people feel happy, like reading does me. If you tell me a song or a film or a band or anything else creative that makes you do a lovely sex wee in your knickers, then tell me. I like to learn. And in return I'll give you a book.
Good Thursday to you! I wanted to take the post today for cultivating daily unto the nations to ask for some feedback from you.
Winning means that every month for the year, I will receive a surprise box of products to test!
They acting was way better and def. worth seeing.
Next, the other night, she came up to me, stricken, saying "I keep thinking about a cuss word!" I said, OK, what word is it? She said, "It's um...(whimper, whine)...I CAN'T SAY IT!!!" I gently prodded a bit longer, and she finally said, "It's...THE 'C' WORD!"
Sheesh - would even Ann Landers give advice like that?
The front desk staff call me because my patient is causing a scene in the lobby. As I go out to the lobby, I hear the following interaction/soliloquy.
NOT MY RIP! Thanks to original uploader
We took fruit and vegetables we had at home and looked how they might be dispersed.
Lord, thank you for reminding me that I live and grow in You. May Your Spirit provide me with the courage, patience, peace, and whatever else I need today. I believe you will accomplish your purpose for me in Christ, I pray.
Plants Vs Zombies
Believe me the Obama brand is collapsing just as the Bush brand before him became so craven even the most deluded had to recognize the fraud that had been perpetrated upon the American people.
He shrugs, “Hell if I know.”
Zimri was however reigning in Tirzah, meanwhile the people made Omri, the captain of the host of Israel, king over Israel. Omri and his host with him then besieged Tirzah, took the city, and this forced Zimri burn himself up along with his palace. Zimri too was thus judged for his treason.
One of her friends did her hair EARLY that morning and it took 2 hours to get this look... and about 3 pounds of hairspray. It's amazing how many ideas you get from Pinterest!
4. The Nearness of You
Now, there are some benefits to not speaking the native language of a country. For example, I’m not particularly fond of chatting it up when having my hair or nails done. I enjoy the peace and the retreat of being tended to, be it in a foreign country or the United States. So I used my “Desculpe, eu não entendo” probably more than I needed to that particular afternoon. (This only inspired the manicurist to attempt to teach me words in Portuguese, which disturbed my peace as I felt obligated to nod my head as I repeated things that she said.)
FYI all shadows in this look were lower price range which goes to show you can pull of a dramatic pop of colour on a budget!
The Voice judge Jessie J is super on-trend with her blunt fringe and dip-dyed lengths. Keep your cut in shape with regular trims and use moisturising products to prevent coloured ends from drying out.
I take him to NOTHING.
GOOD GOD I didn't know what I was missing! Such a beautiful game with all of those graphics options.
Market development
18. PJ Harvey “Let England Shake”
Large Scallop Border die
day's passion cooling,
I don't know if it would be better to see the movie before reading the book or not. I'd love to hear from someone's thoughts on the movie who hasn't read the book. Please share your thoughts about the movie in the comments; we'd like to know what you thought about it
That the media exploits for thrills
Naoko drove me to the new Awa Odori Airport in Matsushige to pick up Kathy this afternoon. What a nice, bright, colorful airport. Little, like Monterey, which is nice and easy to navigate. Haruto was thrilled looking at the planes and all the associated trucks but when we were on the ground level and the plane was taxing towards us it was a little too big for him!
1 large tub Cool Whip
It was not my plan to start solids at 4.5 months, but we'll spend a week on rice and a week on oatmeal, and add in purees when he is 5 months old. And then, it'll be no time before he's eating YoBaby and all kinds of other stuff. And I know that solids are mainly for practice, but we might as well start practicing now.
4. 1 sheet 8.5" x 11" lilac cardstock
So, if you are writing your first book or two and you think you know how it's going to roll now? Well, maybe not. But that's part of the fun.
Scope of the problem: Despite my exclusive use of an electronic medical record, I still receive dozens of medical communications on paper every day. So be it. Until we get to the utopian ideal of a nationally interactive medical record system, we’re stuck with dead trees. I get that. I handle it by scanning each report or letter and incorporating it electronically into my record.
Since I can’t remember specifics, I can just give an overall idea of Madrid. It’s beautiful, it’s easy to get anywhere because of the Metro, the food is amazing, the sun is almost always shining (I happened to get there on the first day of rain in over a year, but otherwise it was sunny), there are gorgeous old buildings on every corner, tons of fantastic art…I could go on and on. Even though I was pretty out of it during the first day or so of my trip, I can say with certainty that Madrid was fantastic.
I guess the point I’m trying to make is why don’t people make the most of the opportunity to improve?? They go along, do a half assed job, then go home feeling satisfied that they have done their fair share of exercise for the week. Yes, that’s right. The week. Again, I know I’m not a big exerciser, but while here, as I don’t have my ballet classes, on top of the pilates class I go swimming at least once a week, and go for walks too. Said flatmate always complains she should do more exercise, so I invited her to come swimming and she says “no, I don’t like swimming…”, so another of our friends asks if she wants to join her at the gym, but, “no, I don’t like the gym…”. She gets invited to go to a dance class, running, or to play sport. But no. She doesn’t like them. I don’t get it!? Does she really want to do more exercise, or is it just an attempt to not look so lazy?
If you were to ask me how I think I portray myself to the average person, I'd say friendly and upbeat, without revealing too much of who I really am. I like to think that I keep all real thoughts, and more importantly, feelings, hidden. I want to project myself as happy and brave. I don't think I pull it off. In fact, I know I don't. The truth is, I'm a disshelved mess. I'm sad, lonely, disconnected, and needy as hell. How is it I don't openly recognize these facts? How could I ever have thought I'd learned to keep these secrets from anyone who knows me, even in the most casual way? I'm a fraud, and it's probably laughably evident to everyone I know. Were I a paranoid person, I would suggest that people sit about and sometimes laugh at me, saying, "Who in the hell does she think she's fooling?" But I know that the average person doesn't ever think about the people they know. People think about themselves, and they tertiarily think about everything else.
this week, i am painting the awesome baby nursery to look like jenna lyons' baby nursery. im super-excited for how it's turning out. i actually did get the first coat of yellow on today, but i thought i'd just save that for the complete "after" pic! here is the before (she'd already had the walls painted white, and the black accent wall painted before i got there)
Nikki Haley has been touted as one of “the bright lights of the future” in this party. If so, then the topic of women, their concerns about healthcare access and reproductive rights, are all but guaranteed to fail.
Did you tell the other ones
Elizabeth will be rounding up the other posts in this Cook Along to celebrate the publication of her new cookbook, so check over at her website, GlutenFreeBaking.com later to see what other people cooked up.
Brown Eyed Handsome Man by Waylon Jennings
We adopted Pearl 4 years ago from Chengdu China when she was only 3 years old. She was on a waiting child/special needs list, but turned out not to have any health issues that we are aware of. Pearl is in 2nd grade and reading like a 5th or 6th grader. She is smart and quick and makes friends easily. She is hyper and fidgety, yet she still manages to pay attention to her teacher in school, so we try not to worry about her constant motion. I think that is why she is so thin. She eats very well and loves lots of healthy foods. Chloe, on the other hand, is an extremely picky eater. Until this year, if anything had a fruit or vegetable in it, she wouldn't go near it. Now she has embraced a few fruits and veggies. The list includes lemons, olives, dill pickles, corn-on-the-cob and artichokes. She really loves artichokes and will eat an entire one with her dinner (except for the heart, which she thinks is 'gross').
We will cut down on late night dinners and CARBS
Here's my card.
***Buy It All Bundle: all 4 stamp sets, plus the polka dot ribbon nest retail $63.85 on sale for $57 for the first 48 hours after the release.
Handle with Care is the comical and clever and utterly charming story of two men who’re falling in love for the first time—not just being one half of a couple but being in a partnership—though the journey is all about the making of and making up for mistakes, until they finally get it right. Unfortunately all they have to go by is how not to do a relationship, and it’s hard to build something when what you have to work with is the raw materials of past sexual encounters and a relationship that clipped your wings before you learned that what you really wanted to do was to fly.
W*I*S*H Shirt (We're Inspired to Stay Healthy - my disboards group) and Yellow Team Sparkle Skirt. I had my bondi band, just not for the picture - it was around my neck when I was walking around DOH. I was meeting some people so the brightness of my attire helped...oh and totally worked too - found me easily.
Sift flour into a large bowl. Stir in Cornmeal, cheese and corn. Make a well in the centre.
to watch as daylight travels and
During a visit to Liverpool in 1853, Gladstone made his first essay into political oratory before large public audiences -- an activity that other leading figures viewed with disfavor. His mostly irenic speeches about the outbreak of the Russo-Turkish War -- their advocacy for Turkish cause so hedged with reservations that any impetus for intervention was stopped short -- were well received in a locale where peaceful trade was favored over martial fervor.
On 17 April, like almost every night, when Nadim finished work he came with food and Eva was waiting – wanting attention and her daily meal.
“Home?” I asked, somewhat perplexed.
and you wept for the leaves that
“Ludacris – My Chick Bad” remix by Kibaki
Scholars say that there is no harm… in giving a misleading impression if required by an interest countenanced by Sacred Law that is more important than not misleading the person being addressed, or if there is a pressing need which could not otherwise be fulfilled except through lying. (r10.3)
Anyone with information is asked to call the Hunt County Sheriff’s Department at 903-453-6800 and ask for either Sheriff Randy Meeks or Lt. Tommy Grandfield.
Due to the diligence of one Chris Scheve of a group called Aqua Terra Strategies in Washington, Mr. Abrams has been caught red-handed in lending himself to this attempted Romney hit job.
Another thing I think all serious bloggers can relate to is stats stats stats! Yes I admit I check my blog stats at least once a day and have gone as far as loading wordpress on my blackberry so that I can check stats at 1am when my sleep breaks. When you post something new you feel a sense of pride in what you’ve just written and hope that many people feel as passionately about it as you do. Blogging is about expressing yourself and the reward is having masses of people reading it, in turn rocketing your stats to hundreds of views! NOT keeping it a secret as in the case of a diary. In blogging it’s “the more the merrier” and not “if someone reads this I’ll die of embarrassment”.
made with Epsom salt floating around blog land for a while now,
But then this week the light bulb flicked on when I read this comment from Georgie on my article in The Hoopla:
Christian talks about numbers all the time and he's always trying to teach McKenna how to do math problems or how to count to 100. For the record, he's probably the most impatient teacher I have ever known. But McKenna does her best to keep up with him and she has learned a thing or two. The other day she was heading out the door to go play and she looks back at me and says "Mom, I love you 100." I guess that's her way of saying she loves me a lot! Christian has also been trying to teach her the word "infinity." But she can't seem to remember the word, so she's always asking, "What's the last, biggest number?" I'll remind her that it's "infinity" and then she'll say something like "Oh I wish I had infinity doll clothes." or "I love Will infinity and I love you 100."
I think my rating was a 5 or a 6.
Anwar morally unfit to become PM, says RPK – by Shazwan Mustafa Kamal – January 01, 2012
Stop & Watch the Fishes to me means to savor those simple things, those small moments that seem to take up so much time but are worth it in the end. It is tempting to brush our children aside just to get the daily to-do work done but when we do, we lose precious moments that we will grasp for later. My hubby and I still talk about little things that Space Man when he was a baby and those are the moments we remember most. I want to be the type of Mom who can look back and tell my children stories about when they were toddlers, funny things they did and even those things that drove me crazy. It is on those really tough days where I am at my wits end that those precious moments like watching my Dolly sleep or watching Space Man play with his cars that save me from going over the edge.
was hit and killed by a
Have any of you created your own eBook covers? Have you worked with someone else to design a cover? I'd be interested to hear what your experiences were like as well.
Next up was Emma from Fisher & Paykel. I suspect Emma may have the best job in New Zealand, not only does she & her colleagues produce a fantastic blog, they do it during working hours. Needless to say there were plenty of volunteers to fill her shoes should she ever decide to hit the road…….
Listless Ambitions
It's been a great experience for me, giving me someone *else's* needs to focus on during a month of radiation. And another mouth to feed at dinner gives me the impetus to focus on fixing real food -- there was a LOT less cold cereal and packaged ramen in my diet last fall.
Birgitte I can see where this is going
Hopefully I'll squeeze in another post before I hop on my plane on Monday. I'm actually getting pretty nervous now. I don't mind flying but I've never caught a plane on my own, let alone a connecting flight! Off to pack...
Today I learned why you shouldn’t save all your emails.
Why they work: The White Sox arguably possess baseball’s most mercurial GM in Kenny Williams, and he is prone to executing head-scratching moves. Some people falsely assume the ChiSox are entering a full-fledged rebuilding phase, but people said the same thing when they acquired Adam Dunn. And when they traded for Alex Rios. And when they extended John Danks, not on the cheap. And when they traded away Sergio Santos. Kenny Williams may be many things, but predictable is not one of them. I wouldn’t put it past him to trade for Kevin Youkilis, especially given the fact that Brent Morel and Brent Lillibridge are the only real options the ChiSox have at third base right now. The Central Division is looking very winnable right now; the Royals and Twins are terrible, the Indians are just OK, and the Tigers aren’t setting the world on fire like some pundits thought they might. It’s probably too ambitious to ask for Addison Reed or Chris Sale, but the White Sox have a stable of bullpen arms and would probably deal a guy like Matt Thornton. Like the Giants if they were to deal Romo, the White Sox would still have two lefties in their bullpen without Thornton. Thornton, 35 years old, will make $5.5mm in both 2012 and 2013. Jesse Crain, another top flight reliever, would be a good fallback option if things fall through on the Thornton trade front.
I love hearing what my kids dream of getting for Christmas. They completely believe in the magic of Santa and that anything is possible. I'm so lucky to have three little believers in the house!
steadily fumbling through the extraneous
My favorite food: Thai foods, Pasta, Beryani, Couscous.
BLITZER: That plan work for you, Governor? ROMNEY: Actually, what both these gentlemen said is pretty much spot-on. And I’d — and I’ll add a couple of things.
“Saying I love you isn’t necessary because if you don’t know it by now, you never will,” a friend told me. I disagree.
So, simply put, I love this salad.
Taking A Closer Look At The Pyle – PLCM34WIR
10.) (2 May 2006) “The broomstick DNA has not yet been revealed.”
If the law requires you to run, what message does this send? The message becomes loud and clear that the streets belong to the thugs and criminals who are free to seek out their victims who they know are at a disadvantage since their intended victim does not have the option of fighting back. Also, as a practical matter, we all know that under these circumstances, the criminal is long gone by the time the police get involved and the criminal goes unpunished. I believe that this is wrong because it gives the criminal control of the situation and reduces the victim to a helpless pawn in the criminal’s game. This is no way to stop or discourage crime.
I have tried to explain that what sounds like a joke in his head might come across as insulting to the person he's talking to. I think he understands it but it's a subtle point. For a while he figured he could just start with the phrase "Nothing personal but..." like it's a disclaimer and then pound away with a jab. It's impossible to give real examples because they are too context dependant but it might go something like this: "Nothing personal but those glasses make you look like a fish." Ha, bloody, ha.
"Oh now then, meenister, if I went out to feed the cattle and only one turned up I'd still hae to feed it".
You have found your voice
As far as additions: not sure what mouth melting refers to - temperature or spice, perhaps? Or that the pork belly is so tender it will melt your soul?
For more information on this event or to book a room at the Resort, please visit www.montelagovillage.com. To purchase taster kits in advance please visit www.newvistacommunity.org. For sponsorship information during any MonteLago Village event, please call 702-564-4785.
The Spirit Level Delusion is a masterful book, written in a calm fashion which is both informative and wide-ranging, whilst also being very entertaining.
While most of his friends are going to be Darth Vader, Iron Man and zombies, Hayden has decided that he must be Moses.
Um, no need to stress that out.
I think Cindy might have run smack bang into the middle of something sticky that she didn't like.
My image is from the Sugar Sticks line and it is called "Love You Friend". I love how versatile this image is! It can be used on either a masculine or feminine card and for almost any occasion! I colored the image with my Copics and used this month's Sketch For You To Try as my layout! I sponged the edges with some Antique Linen distress ink and embellished the card with some ribbon and buttons! Overall I absolutely love how my card turned out! The only thing I am disappointed in is the fact that my picture didn't turn out that great. I am still trying to figure out why my photos don't look as bright as they used to. Hopefully I can get it figured out soon!
“We’re excited to celebrate our one-year anniversary with the release of Atlantis and the return of Ursa Minor,” said Brewer-Owner Nathan Sanborn. “Both beers highlight our passion for creating highly drinkable beers with unique and unexpected twists on traditional styles.”
Scan into my computer (and organize) all the papers in the scan pile.
Stamp the column and the Grecian mural images with Paris Dusk Memento ink and deliberately leave areas of the stamps un-inked for a faded worn effect. I used portions of the same two images to fill and complete the design by using post-it notes to mask of the various areas.
“Remove all your clothing and place it in the bin, including your underwear. I see you have a shirt, pants, bra, panties, two socks and a pair of sneakers. I also need you to sign this property receipt.”
He seems to be smiling, but really he’s just pushing one side of his face up with his knuckles. It’s the manly version of Lillian Gish in BROKEN BLOSSOMS.
There are people who have kind of gone away since Michael's diagnosis and my dad's death. I understand that. We all do what we can do.
Why not spread tickets sales across a number of pubs, or sell them all online which would be the fairest method. I'm sure the vast majority of punters would find a small fee for postage better than the hassle and cost of queueing in person with no guarantee of tickets.
Within this framework, we’ll work with the Afghans to determine what support they need to accomplish two narrow security missions beyond 2014 — counter-terrorism and continued training. But we will not build permanent bases in this country, nor will we be patrolling its cities and mountains. That will be the job of the Afghan people.
Firestarter (1984)
BONG!
Ah, where do you begin to explain the Friendly Fight, Wales's most potent yet unsung contribution to world culture? We're not talking about Khrushchev and Bulganin stopping their limos at Kuntsevo for a drunken rumble in the tundra, or some John Wayne saloon-bar blarney. This is the altruistic sharing of theatrical violence, with the aim of fostering the Welsh Classical unities of "closing time", "two-fisted action" and "any place will do".
I have over 2300 followers on my blog via GFC.
The next argument we hear is that somehow low interest rates and zombie like banks will somehow push rental rates higher. Rents are mainly driven by what people can afford with their paychecks. And so far, there is no indication rents are soaring in Japan:
Phreak: So, who do we nerf?
What it does mean though, is that I am re-prioritizing....because I have always been a firm believer that a happy and enriched person will always make a better photographer... and that means that I need clients who understand that....who grasp that deeply. Who care. Because I need them to understand that when I shoot - I give ALL of my self and more because I care and love my clients THAT much. It is about so much more than just delivering the photos when I am working with a client....And I have realized when I work with clients who 'get' that, the images naturally, and organically turn out better because of that unspoken but magical affinity we share. Because these clients give me what I need to be the best person I can be, what results is that I can be the best photographer I can be :) At the end of 2010, I realized these are the people I want to work for.
VALID 041200Z – 051200Z
Left Sam Houston Jones State Park this morning about 10:00. Stopped to get fuel then headed for our next park.
By the fourth loop (approximately 28 km on), my calves sored and I could feel my energy depleting fast. I refueled with powergel provided by the sponsor, right before reaching the checkpoint. The climb towards the checkpoint was the hardest, given the steepest (I think) incline. Many would walk, instead of running up to the checkpoint. What motivated me to push harder here was the thought that I’d completed another loop and was moving closer towards the finish line. Despite the relatively small scale, this was the most technologically advanced race that I’d ever participated in. At the checkpoint, a large screen used as a reminder would display my name and the number of loops that I’d completed, when I stepped on the electronic mat. A glance at the screen showed that I was at least one loop ahead of the other runners who stepped on the mat at the same time! To see that I’d so far, outrun many other runners was, unashamedly, a morale booster.
45ml Brut Champagne
The three resisted and all were shot, one man being fatally injured.
“He was the greatest scientist of his day, perhaps of all time. But while Isaac Newton was busy discovering the universal law of gravitation, he was also searching out hidden meanings in the Bible and pursuing the covert art of alchemy. In this program, Nova explores the strange and complex mind of Isaac Newton.” Although few classrooms probably observe this side of Newton’s lively character, I contain it for variety. Best clicks are His Legacy, and Einstein on Newton.
I hailed for a taxi and stopped by the florist to get a bunch of roses. My heartbeat quickened with every step towards her front porch. I wondered if she would let me off easy and cringed with fear as I thought of it. Hopefully, she would. Hopefully. I inhaled a deep breath and unlocked the door. The sun cast a white light illuminating the objects in the room and I noticed her at the living room with a book in her hands. She looked beautiful in her raspberry-rose coloured lacy, nightgown and with her loosely braided hair, draped over her left shoulder. I wanted to embrace her in my arms, kiss her, and never let go.
But don't worry, thoughtful questions like this don't happen all the time so i tried to do my best to take advantage of it. ;)
Seeing as Halloween is only a matter of days away I thought I’d feature something with a seasonal flavour to mark the occasion. A casual glance would suggest that The Leopard Man (1943) ought to be a slice of classic horror. Bearing in mind the title, and the fact it was produced by Val Lewton and directed by Jacques Tourneur, one might expect to get another anthropomorphic chiller along the lines of Cat People. However, it’s the source material, a story by Cornell Woolrich, that dictates the kind of movie that’s ultimately delivered. Woolrich wasn’t a horror writer, though his darkly fatalistic tales do border on the macabre at times, instead he concentrated on bleak and pessimistic crime stories. So, the combination of director, producer and writer here results in a moody crime picture that bears the trappings, atmosphere and feel of a horror movie.
Lady Penelope (slightly breathlessly): That’s enough rubbing, Parker, you may now proceed.
I parked myself in front of the Safeway in my neighborhood with a clipboard and pencil. As people came out with their shopping carts, I stopped them, picked one or two items out of their basket and asked them this question: "Who did you consult before you bought this jar of peanut butter and those frozen chicken fingers: a like-minded consumer, a journalist, or an objective reviewer?"
Some people who travel often get hung up on the fact that they are always on the road when all it takes is a little prep work in booking your trip.
fears are unknown to you
I have a layout to share that I made for the current Scrap The Girls challenge, they have a sketch up this month. It's been awhile since I've participated over there, glad to be back at it! The sketch was an 8.5x11, and of course I only do 12x12, so I tried to incorporate the 8.5x11 desing/"feeling" into my layout with my layers of paper for my background. I gotta say, I really love this layout. There are a few reasons, one being the precious photos, of course, who can resist little baby fingers and toes?? Another reason, I am loving all of the white space. I cant believe I'm saying that!! But I think in this case, it just "works" so well!
Do you think that for even one moment Michael Bay would stop an explosive spectacle of alien turtle action to have some downtime on an old farm:
Dropped off my Rust Proofing article at World of Wheels magazine this week, will be my second published article under my new name.
I am still relatively new to this author I have read the series Two Dukes of Wyndham and found her an author I wanted to read more. I have seen her name by Amanda Quick but just never took the chance. The first book to the series Bridgerton is worth the read. The Duke and I is the first of the eight book series.
You need to write a one or two page outline synopsis of what will be in the book – beginning to end – so the publisher knows what he/she is actually going to get.
The women gave us a good show all season long, and made ranking them much easier than separating the men. With that, let’s take a look at how the season broke down with my view of the top five women on the season.
The Segal article and later media reports clarify Sindelar's cause of death Thursday as a cerebral hemmorage. Earlier reports, apparently based on information from friends, said he died of a heart attack.
He came back from an injury to pitch in the bullpen, then work his way back to the starting rotation, where he thinks he belongs. He’ll report to spring training in Arizona in February, and Steve Dintaman says he has a chance to be playing with the Dayton Dragons in front of a hometown crowd next year at Fifth Third Field.
She likes to ball.
So, if customers are looking for fast emails and need to browse and surf the net, then Sky Base is good. If customers like to read up on the net; if they need to compare prices and services, then Sky Base will suit them well.
After her class, Stacey and I met up at Santa Maria Novella to make an evening trip to the Farmaceutica di Santa Maria Novella. It was a really beautiful place. It’s one of the oldest pharmacies in the entire world. They still produce potpourris, soaps and perfumes here and the walls and ceilings are filled with frescoes. There are beautiful statues, and displays of old books describing flowers and how to mix potpourris. It was really beautiful. I would highly recommend a visit- plus it’s FREE! Great for budget travelers!
Last night, as hoped for, HBO DID release another Sneak peek for the upcoming Season 5 of True Blood. What they didn’t warn people was that they were only going to show 1/2 of it on HBO then the second half exclusively on HBO Go (Their special internet extra package free with subscription). But fear not those who do not have such access for here at Vampire Loving Dorks we are obsessed and so have them for you already .
Thank you to everyone who even thinks about me in passing during the day, and especially for those who pray for us. I feel it. I really really do.
The Orchid House is still my read this week, the beginning was a little slow for me. Now that I am into the story and the time period has changed to the beginning of WWII my interested is renewed. I have been reading in tiny spurts, that does not help me enjoy a book. I need a span of time sufficient to be wrapped up in the story. So I continue reading in hopes the story continues to intrigue me and carry me away. Bird by Bird has been read in bits as well.
And caramel. (car-mull)
- Magnetic field lines which were once sparse are also compressed together. The result is an object with a magnetic field billions of times greater than Earth's.
And on that subject, I thought it would be a good idea to challenge myself to use some of my multi-coloured / variegated yarn in a project this week as I really like it all but I never use it! So I've chosen these two colours- a red/pink/orange mix and a blue/green/turquoise mix (little white mouse helped me choose!) The red/pink/orange I bought last year and it hasn't even been opened! The green mix I did start a project in but it didn't really work out so it ended up being undone! So watch this space and see what I come up with!
"I know. You have a comfortable life, money, an amazing job, wonderful friends, you get to travel and you get a lot of boys. For most people, it's enough," Fran said.
Nevertheless... I'll try to take you on a tour. I totally missed quite a few exhibits. I felt fine the day we went, but having just gotten over the flu, I didn't have the stamina to make an effort to see everything. I mostly wandered around and enjoyed whatever I encountered. 700 pictures later... Don't worry, I'll select and organize- you won't see all of those.
Pressed Powder (Light Bronze 2)
I picked purple and yellow.
“It was good,” says Holtby. “It was a big character win. I think we played definitely more our style of game. We got some huge games from a couple of guys, and we came out on top.
"C'MON LET'S RUN. WE'LL FINISH UP OVER BY," I turned down the volume on my ipod, " THE PARking lot."
Basically a guy (called Kieran) approached me when I was walking through Leicester Square and told me he saw me walking and thought I was cute and couldn't let me walk past without first talking to me. He really liked my hair and choice of clothes and said he hasn't seen a girl around dressed like me and he thought I seemed really unique because of that. I lied and told him I had a boyfriend (haha I'm a bitch) so I couldn't and he got really upset.
Duration 11/2 hours. Hidden Worlds Map included.
5:00 – Queen’s Vase – Solar Sky (5/1)
She held his hand and said “Old Man,”
I thought I would be done in 12 months or so. Oh, the naïveté!
J'ai utilisé Shroom, un sentiment du nouveau set d'Amy R (Be Happy sentiments) et la découpe champignons (Mushroom Border die). Pour la découpe, j'ai utilisé du bristol blanc et colorié en utilisant les mêmes Copics que pour l'image (et bien sûr, euh pour une fois, j'avais choisi mes papiers avant de colorier, c'est vrai que ça aide). Papiers Toga, avec un petit oiseau que Shroom peut regarder:-)...
Rasha Hashim in her living room. Many homes in Duweiqa, built on shifting and unsteady ground, show signs of distress--huge cracks in the walls, crumbling bricks.
SAP roams the neighborhood for days."Here, NUTS cat! Here kitty, kitty, kitty," she yells. She crawls on her belly, peering under trees and neighbors' decks. She plasters flyers on lampposts. She walks the dog through yards and fields, hoping he might catch NUTS' scent. She shakes a can of cat treats as she wanders, chanting, "Treaties, NUTS cat, treaties! Come get some treaties!"
We installed a closet organization system from Home Depot (Closet Maid) to maximize the space a bit better for all those tiny outfits. I can't believe how much clothing he has! I need to get some storage containers to put away things as he outgrows them and this set up is perfect for that. There's actually another shelf above the door opening that you can't see here but where I can put 5-6 12" deep bins. I need to move the shoe rack at the bottom over too I think. But for now, it's great!
On December 8th, right after KDP Select was announced, Seven had sold 138 books in December (and already had 2 borrows) and Stir had sold 140. At this point, both books were 99 cents. I know all the arguments for raising prices for full novels, but I also know how many emails I get thanking me for keeping the price low because it makes it easier to buy all my books, so I hadn't planned to charge more.
Louis Armstrong was born in New Orleans in 1901. He was the grandson of slaves, and was born into great poverty. His father abandoned the family, and then the mother left too.
Thinking this is a bit strange, he enters and sits down.
- Cinnamon Creme DrizzleCorn
Either way, lighten up. The kids won’t see it and no one else cares.
Pest operate also involves cleaning your house. These insects wish food in order to live. They stay close to their food sources. That goes without saying that your kitchen is one of the hotspots for pests. So make sure you don’t leave food lying out in the open. Buy mesh umbrellas that you can use to cover your food while waiting for guests.
We also passed the screened in porch with both bar and hot tub, a beautiful room. We went through the library and past the slot machine:
This is my 2nd post and challenge for today! If you are looking for the Paper and Such challenge post, please click HERE!
Note "Lifespan" is how long we used the item, not how long it lasted in terms of quality.
Friday, April 15 & Saturday, April 16 - Bimbo's - San Francisco, CA
c. Nothing else comes close
…OK, OK, I know that it’s a list of two different numbers that just happen to be separated by a slash. They aren’t really fractions. It just looked odd enough to me that it cought my eye, and I grabbed a shot of it for posterity’s sake.
Here is the overview:
If you’re going to make me pay exorbanant amounts of money and force me to order my cup size in some bullshit, brainwashed, corporate-speak, then the least you can do is make my damn coffee right (it’s not like I’m even asking you to put the cream in – heaven forbid). Maybe, as an added bonus, you could make sure it doesn’t drip down the back of my hand and onto my clothes. Starbucks, my ass, more like Starsucks. If I wasn’t so addicted, I would tell you stick a non-fat, no-whip, mocha, venti, chai latte up your… what? Mermaid tail? Oh, Christ.
Why are these Apple devices storing users’ geolocation data? The answers are not immediately apparent.
Another pile of fond memories. I found this charming collection of framed hunt scenes when I was with my mother . . . traveling through southern Alabama on one of our famous antiquing trips. Mom would sometimes pick me up from the airport in Jackson, Mississippi - and we wouldn't drive north towards our home . . . but, we'd head east to Alabama to antique shop for three of four days. The long drives in the car gave us a great chance to chat and catch-up . . . and our chatter would be punctuated with stops in Daphne or Foley, Alabama to search for antiques that neither of us needed - but, both of us found great pleasure in shopping for. As I've often said, I firmly believe there is a 'shopping gene' . . . and it runs on my Mom's side of the family.
I write you everyday, you know. Well, maybe you don’t know because it sounds like you might not be getting them very quickly. But now I guess you do know. I didn’t write you the day I drove down to see you, and I didn’t write you the day I drove back, so I guess technically I did not write you every day, but the sentiment is still there.
Brilliant. You can identify the individual properties they incorporated into the brewery. I'd overlay the two maps but . . . East Enders is nearly over, chance to watch the TV soon. Plus I'm not totally sure how to do it. Maybe someone with less Luddite tendencies than me could help out.
Lexi informed me that we were out of cinnamon/sugar for toast. "Can I make some more, Mom?" she asked.
I bought a whole chicken which was already cut up and made this.
And lastly, expect seeing a ton of food. Mmmmm, food. Here is some sushi some friends and I made the other night. It was fabulous. I urge you to try sushi if you haven’t already. (Not all Norimaki, which is what is pictured below, have raw fish in them. These guys below are purely vegan. Also, if you aren’t familiar, not all sushi is rolled up cute like this either.)
I used two Craft Room exclusive cartridges to create the cones - 3D Cones and New England Shore. I used just the anchor, ships wheel, and life saver from New England Shore. I also took a few design liberties with the triangular cone, fitting the trim pieces lower on the sides so that I had a black border at the top of the cones. And of course, as stated above, I used black, glitter gold, white and a touch of red cardstocks to create the cones.
Stage five dealt with bringing the island and water to a high state of finish. Lighting effects needed to be brought into the island, its trees and grass, and the rocky shoreline needed detailing, and the water needed to become waterlike instead of just static blocks of color. This was done through the addition of some ripple effects.
1 stick butter (4 oz) (cold, cut into pieces)
Only when you recognize the depth of your sin can you realize the breadth of His righteousness.
Attorney General Conway Announces $101.7 Million in Tobacco Settlement Money
Time to breathe and rest
I don't know about a book character, (Hermione! Hermione! Hermione!!) but if it were TV/Movie I would LOVE to be a cross between Samantha from Sex & The City, Karen Walker from Will and Grace, and Cameron Diaz in general. Hot, with balls.
Of course, one similarity between RT Booklovers' Convention and the myriad science fiction conventions I've been to over the years is the books. Certainly one would expect that from a convention with the word "booklover" in its title, but I wasn't prepared for the sheer number I'd come across.
Quality whole wheat sliced bread, 8 slices toasted
Ingredients - makes about 40-50 zongzi
ME: Interesting. You do know you're only three years old now, right? So what does Twindy look like?
On Ashlen
Green chillies - 4 to 5 slit lengthwise
I commit myself to releasing myself from the control I have accepted and allowed myself to place on myself through how I have placed value on sex and relationship instead of realigning myself and this point to a point of equality and oneness and what is best for all, so that I can stand as the directive principle of me and no more accept and allow myself to be a slave to that which I have exalted and given more importance to as life.
If you have paper, you don't have a pen... If you have a pen, you don't have
Jonathan and I have been friends since high school in Houston. We were in the anti-nuclear war club together. Later on, we were in a couple of bands called Cheezus and Noodle. Whether we were disrupting lunch with a die-in in front of the school cafeteria or throwing cheese slices at clubgoers, we always talked a lot about music. From Big Joe Turner to the Butthole Surfers, Jonathan knows his stuff.
I'm pretty well used to the idea that most of the things I'm interested in as diversions aren't universally popular in our house. Long drives, biking, walking trails, getting lost in the woods, taking pictures, and 99% of the shows on the Discovery/History channels. But it seems that even a broken clock is right twice a day, and sometimes that even happens on the right day.
We have limited quantities available right now but will be keeping these beauties in stock.
You know, I really thought it would be over by now. And by "it" I mean the Republican nominating process. I figured people would calm down and get in line and go in the direction the party elders want them to go. Such has not been the case, and now Washington State is next in line.
Syed Hamid had earlier delivered a keynote speech at a colloquium on media policy, organised by the Asian Institute for Developing Communication.
Ah Love, the standard-bearer
Zardoz
Had fun today editing these two photos with Bonnie's new texture for this week, "HOPE" and also used Artist Note which I thought looked lovely on this first photo. I love the fun we have in this blog, and it is a very special place for me to visit each week. Always look forward to being here on Friday. Hope to be back with my computer and ( me too) all fixed by Monday. All of you have an awesome weekend, and be sure to check in to see all of the awesome contributions at PHOTO ART FRIDAY! Oh and Bonnie, how I do love this layer mask. It is just great!
This list ranks only a little higher than the last Top Ten list I put together on my day off. However, it does come from the heart. I don’t have many sports-related vices. I’m not a Monday night football guy. I don’t take off on Fridays to play golf with my buddies. I couldn’t care less about the NBA’s (seemingly) year ’round season. But I do love college football. So, here’s my list of my favorite college football teams.
Closing Remarks
After a few weeks off from writing, I realise that I have been putting myself under a lot of pressure.
So many comments!! Do you have time to read them all?
what are your favorite artists?
However, no matter what security firms and Google do to make Android a safer place to be, the end user has the final say as to how safe their system is: “Security technology can go some way to keeping you secure as a user, but if you chose to do inadvisable things, then you increase your level of risk. There is no silver bullet.”
Blogging Glossary
CKCS as the first location pilot their program beginning in January.
It was a blast to shoot! And since I do love my netbook, it was no lie.
I’m told the event will also have a dunking booth. I think Trey will be making some stencil t-shirts, and Bad Mustache Beanies will have some items for sale. Also, Wes’s sister will be showcasing her culinary skills with a variety of special cupcakes that we picked out (and even helped come up with recipe combinations of our own.) I can’t remember all the names we made for them, but there was the “Squeal Like a Pig” cupcakes, “Goat Blood” cupcakes (sounds very “metal” right?), the “Gay Arnold Palmer” cupcakes and lots more.
And then the child sometimes gets so distraught and says, "Mommy, please don't eat me and put me back in your belly. I don't want to go in there. How would I eat?"
Turns out, we'd picked out the perfect couple! We decided that G. I. Joe is actually the prince in disguise. See, he wants to fight for his country, but if anyone knew who he was, they'd blast his face off in a heartbeat. So he stays undercover, all the while dreaming of the day when he can finally come home and be with Blair Barbie forever. I mean, look at her. She's hawt. Also, she comes with a slutty schoolgirl outfit.
trance-dental power of dance - an obsession that also inspired
Mirza also grew into a strapping, handsome young man. He had shoulder length hair, was a good horseman, was known for his physical courage, and was a deadly shot with his bow and arrow. His marksmanship was legendary.
This is a little clipboard I decorated with some Tilda's. I am always needing a little clipboard, so I picked this one up at my local dollar store, and then stamped and colored it. I used my Prisma colored pencils to color in the Tilda's. Here is the pic.
can you imagine that showing love to one another
The Department of Planning is currently considering 2 proposals that would change the process relevant to the making of an LEP. It has circulated a draft policy statement explaining the proposals.
"I like Rubio. I liked him fine until this," said Heidi Harris, a radio host from Tucson, Ariz. "I want him to be stronger on the immigration issue. It's interesting now that he's getting a backlash."
I like the couple of kanji, 珈琲、which represent coffee. I took this photo from inside of the café, so these kanji are left-right reversal, though they are still good enough for me to be able to smell the aroma of coffee just watching them.
These are the results.
What should you be researching? For us poor, or cheapskate, authors, anything FREE where you can get noticed is where you need to be. Can you find a listing of reading clubs that you can send announcements of your book to? How about finding every bookstore of any size at all in your immediate area? Perhaps other places you might drop off a flyer or a free book – car washes with book racks, small grocery stores that will let you put a couple of books on their counter, dentist offices and hair dressers where you can leave a dozen simple flyers or bookmarks. And leave bookmarks at every restaurant you can find.
THE NEWSPAPER: Daily Mirror
They have a plan that every six months your bill is reduced $5.00 until it reaches $45.00 a month. My monthly bill just reduced this month from $55.00 to $50.00 a month. In six months I will pay only $45.00 a month plus tax.
I am overwhelmed with emotions today. It's snowing on this first day of spring. My heart is still sad over the loss of my father-in-law, and all that we will never get to share with him. We were waiting to have a graduation celebration, for my youngest, until spring. He received his High School Diploma last autumn, but we wanted the weather to be nice so that Grandpa Pete might be able to come.
His downfall followed oblique criticism by Wen which has raised questions over whether the more traditional, state dominated economic model that Bo promoted would be able to survive him.
I guess she’s right. My intellectual knowledge that no human lives forever has morphed into a personal knowledge that my life is terminal. As for my illness, it will take years to know if I’ve been “cured.” Yet somehow I’m finding peace in my heart, not anxiety.
* For me an example of relational understanding in mathematics would be my visual understanding of geometry and the knowledge that the use of a ruler and a compass will allow me to draw objects in euclidean geometry. This is a relational understanding because it is fundamentally what the original philosophers thought of when they constructed the system. The ancient Greek people did not condone the use of abstract thought as it exists today.
Well before the recent economic recession, crappy housing market and a self-funded relocation across the globe whittled our Yuletide budget to less than zero, I had begun to feel anxious about Christmas gift-buying. As the list of giftees continued to grow each year, so did my worries: Will she like this? Is that what he wanted? Did I spend too much? Or too little? I fretted over not putting enough thought into picking one present, then fussed about overthinking the choice of another. Most of all, I wondered: what am I actually giving my family and friends?
Forsyth Barr Stadium was opened eight months ago, on August 5, 2011. Since then it has hosted the following events:
The voice reading a snippet of my book is the fabulous Harlequin author Deborah Hale, who was a lifesaver since I have a very difficult time reading my own stuff. There's a shot of Deb and I chatting over books as well.
Mistie Atkinson, 32, was arrested on incest charges involving her 16-year-old son, of whom she did not have custody. Authorities found video of her performing oral sex on him and say she also sent nude pictures to the boy
“where there was a giant with a hairy torso and a shaved head, with a copper ring in his nose and a heavy iron chain on his ankle, watching over a pirate chest. When it was opened by the giant, the chest gave off a glacial exhalation. Inside there was only an enormous, transparent block with infinite internal needles in which the light of the sunset was broken up into colored stars.”
To help you can donate to the family of the week by clicking the AFRICA or HAITI tab at the top. Then you’ll see a big old gigantic donate button on their page. Choose whichever region floats your boat, or super ideally both! Be sure to subscribe to the blog and you’ll get notifications of all posts. That way you won’t miss a family!
Ok I'm tired now. This has been a very big day for me.
Maybe it’s a sign of the recession or maybe it’s the general trend of darker, supernatural stories, but it seems that a lot of my favorite writers seem to be writing a bit darker than normal. Not as much humor. Their voices haven’t changed completely, but they might be a bit more formal with their writing than in books past and there are a bit more serious undertones in their work.
Father, I give you praise for all the favor and grace You have shown me in the past.
In our dining room, we have a cabinet full of the classics. I’m sure you’ll recognise a few of them. I haven’t read that many, but I shall make it my mission to start working through them all. I promise.
Tuesday: Employment Law Final
It was more than the cutting food intake and getting active that was difficult. Accepting the fact that you are worth the effort and the love it takes to regain your life is a leap that is really tough to make. And until you can take that leap, it’s really hard to be successful at any kind of life-changing efforts. When you’re led to believe that you’re undesirable for a majority of your life, it’s hard to say “I deserve to be healthy; I deserve to be happy.”
Finally, to say that Howard’s fiction is no more racist than other fiction of that period is just ignorant…period. If I rob two banks, get caught and my attorney uses as my defense “Balogun hasn’t robbed any more banks than any other bank robber of this period”, they might as well add murder to my charges.
The "clean up" campaign would be ongoing. - SAPA
In the end, we write best about what we know.
Howdy Howdy! Today I created a card JUST for fun! I recently got a super sweet package in the mail from YNS and finally had the chance to get inky. That cute skunk is from the set "Aroma the Skunk" and the post mark is from the "Small Post Card Cling Set". The oh so pretty light gray paper is from the brand new Dots set from Echo Park. Love, love LOVE! It matches the skunk perfectly! I colored Aroma with Copics and Promarkers. The flower was creating using a cutting file from Lori Whitlock, and my KNK Zing. I added a couple of pink buttons, and machine stitching around my layers. I hope you like my card, I had fun making it. Thank you for visiting my blog and I hope you have a wonderful day!
Men like peace and quiet sometimes. I know you women like to share, feel and connect with us at odd times of the day. This is one of the major reasons why men prefer to be single to being cuffed (in a relationship); because we risk losing that quiet time. Here’s an example of a good time frame for quiet time:
Perhaps the only thing more prevalent than colds is the volume of misinformation about them. Science writer Jennifer Ackerman, however, was determined to get to the bottom of what she calls the "petty plague." She's certainly dedicated: for her latest book—Ah-Choo! The Uncommon Life of Your Common Cold—she volunteered to be infected with a cold virus. Having endured her maladies, Ackerman talks to TIME about whether we'll ever have a cure, why you probably don't want to "boost" your immune system, and the medicinal merits of good old chicken soup.
Over low speed add baking powder, salt and flour and mix until it comes together.
Once in Stormwind, she writes to her sister about her activities with the intent of giving her the letters later. Crusader Powel (another great name there, I’m sure), her supervisor in Stormwind, interrupts her writing to mention that he has a different job in mind for her (I wonder what it could be?!)
Norah Jones- Little Broken Hearts (jazzy songstress returns to the piano for her fifth album on Blue Note Records, and her first album produced by Danger Mouse).
Looking inside boxes and barrels. Coal was about to slip away from the crazy old man when he exclaimed.
When the time comes to create a listing for your property with the help of your estate agent, make sure that you carefully consider both the conditions of the sale and your asking price. Consider whether including your kitchen appliances and other personal property in the home might increase its value to a potential buyer. You may want to also let them know what you will take with you so they do not expect it to be there when they move in. Be explicit in listing these terms so there are no misunderstandings.
Michelle Lavaughn Robinson
Jeffrey Tucker, on “Despair and the State”, from the Daily Reckoning blog:
- Heuvos Rancheros
I’ve been a part of overhead of private organizations most of my career. I’ve witnessed this from the inside. Strong underlying businesses can feed crony, corrupt and political bureaucracies in the overhead departments, precisely because the success/fail feedback loop is weak.
Dr. Owen
Watching these movies I’ve noticed how key moments in several of Lenzis’ films have an intriguing use of mirrors. Sometimes they merely deepen the composition, open up the room and show the orientation of other characters. At times it’s to create a shock moment, or similar effect, other times it’s pure symbolic value, but almost every time a mirror figures, it marks an important moment. Let’s look at a couple of examples.
Stay tuned this week for all the links to the published book! Follow them and buy one (or eleven) if you would!
But no. No list for today. Which means circles will be the order of the day. And I’m really good at circles!
Michael Palin's excellent book - "Diaries 1969-1979 - The Python Years" has a couple of entries in May 1970 relating to this episode. Palin notes that Sinclair "seemed to view us as a colossal inconvenience right from the start”, and goes on to say that when he and Graham Chapman decided to leave the hotel after just one night, the Sinclair's gave them a bill for two weeks! Chapman too wrote about the experience in his book "A Liar's Autobiography", where he described Sinclair as "completely round the twist, off his chump, out of his tree". Cleese has said of Sinclair that he was "the most marvellously rude man I've ever met".
Total Daily intake (ml/24 hours): (Baby’s weight in kg) x 100 (min intake), x 150 (max intake)
A couple of weeks ago I saw a listing for an upcoming Handel and Haydn Society concert “Zest for Love” at Sanders Theater in Cambridge featuring music by Monteverdi, poetry by Shakespeare. I got instantly excited, “Zest for love, Monteverdi, I’ll be damned if they don’t perform Amor,” I thought. And they did perform it. A classical music concert sounds like a more decent thing to do on a day (February 14) that it’s imperative to celebrate love. I have a problem with this hallmark holiday. I can celebrate love everyday or simply whenever I want, I don’t need anybody to tell me when. But for some people that day is important, and attending the concert was much better than going to an expensive and busy restaurant.
Step 1: Sort through your digital images and print your photos. Don't print everything! My hubby is a shutterbug & he took about 7000 photos in Alaska this summer ~ not to mention the photos the rest of us took. It was a huge job narrowing down the photos I wanted for my book. I downloaded (or is it uploaded) them to Snapfish.com and ordered them when they had a special going because I knew there were so many.
On May 21-23, Heartland will sponsor the Seventh International Conference on Climate Change in Chicago. As had previous conferences, it will field an impressive group of scientists and others who have braved the kind of slander heaped on Heartland by Green organizations and groups whose purpose is to mislead the public regarding the science of climate change.
I think it's cool when someone is different in some way and they work around it.
I am honored. We love you.
7 face
In 2006, the former porn star spoke to several media outlets and even made an appearance on “Dr. Phil,” arguing she deserved to get her job back and that she had made the biggest mistake of her life.
Dear Beer Enthusiasts and Homebrewers,
Interesting news this morning that Tourism Australia, the Department of Tourism, and the Australian Trade Commission have produced a Promote Tourism Investment Guide, listing up to 75 opportunities all over Australia. The one that will interest the people of Fremantle most is an “investment ready” proposal for a 120 bed hotel in the centre of our city as part of the Sirona Capital redevelopment of the Myer site at Kings Square.
We basically just want to de-clutter before we move in the Spring, and to share the love of literature (and, uh, distracting trash now and again) with others, so most titles-- unless rare or old-- are selling for pennies, essentially, (Amazon's commission is taken at the time of sale). The mandatory $3.99 shipping cost stinks but still, buying used is environmentally friendly and also cheaper even with shipping cost figured in (can you believe they're charging $30 for hardcovers these days?). We hope your loved ones wouldn't turn their nose up at something pre-owned. If they do, bop them over the head with it and ask if they know what planet they're on.
Now that we are putting entries into our nature journals, I worry about whether we are doing it right. We were certainly very happy when we were drawing and experimenting with the different medium and techniques, which has more of an artistic flavour than a scientific one. Should I worry about the scientific accuracy in our botanical drawings? Perhaps. One step at a time for us here. Once I get the consistency of entry underway, I'll worry about accuracy.
I am against elected PCCs for three reasons.
My choice were some of of carpet (either a large rug or two, or carpet tiles made for home gyms or rubber (either large rubber mats or rubber tiles that connect to each other).
Good morning and Tuesday salutations to you!
Spring rolls .. are something I have always fancied .. Given a chance , the first thing I would order in my starters is this lovely apeitiser.
I am pretty sure I got this copy of Fire Watch by Connie Willis (1985) from the lovely St. Murse before his big move out of state. I am a little surprised I'd never read any Willis before -- she is a prominent and prolific author of just the kind of Ray Bradburyish, feminist without beating you over the head with it, science fiction that I really love. I'm so glad that I finally got this introduction to her!
Tomatoes*
A PSALM OF LIFE
then pass one back to yourself.
And the Sunday competition was shaping up to be a boiled crawfish and beer fueled contest between old school two-stepping and young gun, freestyle jitter-bugging.
- Choosing an online program
Why are girls so mean? It’s like they all have it out for each other, like they have to make each other look bad, like it’s some kind of competition. They insult each other, they insult guys, they insult girls, and they always have something to complain about. And you know what’s sad? What’s sad is that the person who really looks bad, every time, is the one talking a bunch of crap. I can’t imagine a guy walking by and saying “hmm, that girl really knows how to diss her friends, that’s pretty cool.” It seems like guys never talk about one another behind their backs. Guys may not talk a lot, but maybe they learned something girls didn’t: If you don’t have anything nice to say then don’t say anything at all. Now I’m not going to pretend guys are saints. They most definitely are not. But when it comes to being nice to one another, I have to say, I think men win. In fact, how often does anyone even hear a guy talking to another guy about a friend? Least of all talking badly about them. Hardly ever. They just don’t. They, perhaps, have better things to talk about or, perhaps, they’re just okay with saying nothing. It wouldn’t be the end of the world.
With the afternoon slipping by, it was time to continue on to New Orleans. I loved the incredible views of the cypress swamps as we drove across a low bridge on I-10. Then, caught in a narrow one-way street behind an oblivious bicyclist, we inched our way toward the Marigny Manor House. Throughout the trip we stayed in some lovely homes, but Marigny Manor was the grandest. We booked the cavernous Red Room, which might actually be bigger than our apartment.
JUST TO WARN YOU... this is long. but it's really VERY simple. don't let the length of my tutorial scare you off. some of these steps are explained in great detail, as i don't know the knowledge level of all who will read here, and i want to include as much as i can for any readers who might not be as familiar with Photoshop.
at the end of the week!
As I’ve said before, the true objectives of clandestine operations, no-matter how insignificant, are NEVER revealed to the general populace, and even if one tries to identify, from the bits and pieces of news that filter through, whether the forces at work are good or evil, you will eventually get bogged down in a grey area dotted with futile second-hand circumstantial evidence.
-He doesn’t use fake proteins. There is tofu in it but you won’t find imitation meat or anything of that sort.
So this means that while a leftists like myself must be careful of mere anti-capitalism, she must also be careful of mere meta-contrariness trying ideological decisions. This is both actionism of the mind (in Adorno’s sense) and selfish social signaling of the Velbenian capricious consumption variety. But the last point led me that leads me to look at is that while “liberalism” as an orientation opposed to conservatism does seem to rely both on abstract reason and orientation, but in power, liberalism almost immediately becomes illiberal. Ben at Marmalade blog has been discussing this:
*For those of you thinking, "Hey asshole, what makes you qualified to hand out advice?," I offer you my credentials: Undisputed World Champion in Personal Dumbassery, and World Record Title Holder in Klutz-tasticness.
While the Pumpkin Pies are a group of women from all over the country, there were a number of Pumpkin Pies that lived in and around the DC area. They started getting together for lunch once a month. Realizing I was only in Baltimore, just 45 minutes or so away, they started inviting me to come along. The first month I was a little too freaked out to attend---I mean, these are people I don't even know, from the INTERNET!! They could be serial killers!!
Film preview here -
-Ryback puts these 2 fools over each other and pins them.
I read this post recently over at Un-Schooled, and all I could think as I read it was how very much I related to it. Not the great-musicians-touring-Europe bit (I wish), but the relationship, the closeness, described between siblings. And I just had to share my own relationship with my sister, and how I feel that relationship has been affected by unschooling.
a fish-woman both animal and numen,
I want to hear the facts, man, not why or whom you hate
and lilies and solemn
Waist high shooting, camera level with subject, bright sunshine and distinct shade
Welcome to our new friends!
I love the ribbon closure on this necklace because you can easily adjust the length of it. The only thing I don't like is that the brown isn't as of a dark brown as I'd thought it was going to be but it's still beautiful and I can wear it with many different things. The necklace also came with matching earrings.
8/6 – Forgot to take final gravity. Pitched entire 1qt starter at about 77˚ at 11:30am Using a blow off this time because this yeast is supposed to produce gobs of Kraeusen. Had full Kraeusen by 8:00pm and by 9:30 the blow off tube was full. Temp is around 75˚
But first, a little background. A woman named Heather, the mom of one of Margaret's friends, attended Jack's funeral along with more than 1600 other people. In the front of the church, on the communion table, sat a photo of Jack. Next to the photo was Jack's Yankees hat. Heather didn't know Jack, but she did know a Yankee, and she wondered if he could bring a little comfort to our hurting family. On her next business trip to see one of her business associates, the Yankee, she asked if he could sign a ball for us.
What does this remind us of? This reminds us of the beast (Satan) assuming great authority after his loosing.
Stir together first 6 ingredients in a large bowl. Place half of the sugar mixture in shallow dish or large zip top plastic bag; add pork chops. Cover or seal, and chill 30 minutes, turning once. Remove pork from marinade, discarding marinade.
Here are the quick results. A full play-by-play of the bouts by my Top MMA News colleague Sebastien Chenier is available here.
I just finished the Fantabulous Cricut Challenge Blog Share the Love Crawl...let me tell you, there are some talented folks out there in blog land. I decided to enter the crawl challenge with the Valentine project Nina and I made for her class.
Ok, so I'm trying to wrap my head around this shooting in Texas. I've been to Killeen and Ft Hood. Typical Texas landscape with the best people in the world. I lived in Waco for awhile in my twenties. We'd go down to Killeen to dance and chase soldiers. Hey, it was my twenties, don't judge.
“Ferne got me started making these teenie ceramic birthdays cakes in rainbow layers.”
For whatever it might be worth, I'd like to mention that THIS is how you build an indoor pool. This is the Indiana University Natatorium, where the Indianapolis Grand Prix is being held held this weekend. World records might be made here. Micheal Phelps has already been beaten here today. Olympic hopefuls will move one step closer to London here.
There has been some controversy about these special edition issues but I still think that it’s worth a read, especially if you weren’t a subscriber to the magazine when it was in print.
To make these Mother’s Day Portraits, the students had the opportunity to shop at the Ma's Spa Shop, which was open today from 1:30-3:00. Ma Spa is a unique kind of store. It is only open in the days prior to Mother's Day :)
I linked up at
“What is this, some sort of a gag, sister?”
“Yes, I am.”
and YES i'm very aware i've been a "bad blogger!" - i hope to get back ON IT quick - got lots of 411's to share with you, new designers, new homes to share, lots of press releases, ect! -- STAY TUNED --
The When
I'm completely throwing my hands up on this one and not offering any explanations, and being a bit of a fuddy-duddy, am going to wait a bit longer than the IPSC did before coming to their conclusion - in that, I'm actually going to wait for someone who knows what they're talking about to give us some real facts.
This past July, PulpWork Press released HOW THE WEST WAS WEIRD, VOLUME 2. (The book can be ordered RIGHT HERE.) I’ve given my fellow writers an opportunity to answer some questions in order to pump up the book a bit, and I’ll run these Wednesday features as long as I’ve got writers responding.
This publication is the near-conclusion to an ongoing drama about whether it’s better to learn how to thwart a global flu epidemic or prevent potential bioterrorist attacks.
But not too soon, I hope.
Finding balance has always been a bit of a challenge for me.
INJURY REPORT:
Margo – The ever-cheerful and happy Margo, I will miss your zest for life.
Cheese: Taleggio Guffanti, a washed rind cheese from Lombardia
To make the crumb topping combine 1 to 2 tablespoons flour with 6 teaspoons or more sugar and a couple teaspoons of cinnamon. Add a few grains of salt. Blend in enough butter to make a crumb topping. Use either a fork or a pastry blender to work the butter into the dry ingredients. Distribute the topping as evenly as possible over the top of the cake batter.
Watch your thoughts as you clear yourself of old toxic energy. Be sure to replace it with positive thoughts and visions and keep focused on bringing in the new and the wonderful. The more you expect the new and the wonderful, more will come your way. See the beauty and the wonder that surrounds you and be in each moment with joy in your heart.
these nasty things, you would certainly be grossed
OSD On Screen Display
Candlelight.
So you got older and moved out. Maybe 5, 10 sometimes 20 years later you had the “ah-ha” moment when it becomes crystal clear why your parents said no to certain things. Or why they made you do things that you really didn’t want to do.
Getting married here
Furthermore, because the doctors were visiting during Holy Week, there were a number of non-medical activities to attend to within Andahuaylillas—carrying candles for a parade through the streets on Monday, playing percussion for a Good Friday procession, picking and organizing flowers to be decorated on the church floor and playing guitar on Holy Thursday. Balancing my time between the medical and Holy Week activities led to my feeling an unexpected conflict between my lifelong identity as a North American and my newer identity as a volunteer living in Peru.
With equal weight, I am asking myself, what am I getting out of life? What wonders am I perceiving? What ideas are wowing me, moving me? Am I in touch with the mysteries that surround me?
Saturday we set out to visit two places. The first, a shop recommended by a colleague located near Qutab Minar called Maharaja Arts, figures to be where we'll ultimately purchase the rug. We found one that we both agreed upon. In order to not make a rash and knee jerk reaction, there was also a second place we wanted to visit. At the American Christmas Mela in early December, Lindsay met a carpet dealer named Farooq. She had kept his card and wanted to check out what he had. Typically, he sells in some high end mall on MG Road in Delhi. A few weeks back she called to try and arrange a meeting and he was visiting family in Kashmir. He directed us to the mall, which was called the Gallery or something. There was a Versace Home store; not exactly our demographic. Instead, he told us to wait until he returned and he would take us to his warehouse.
Be positive! Your awakening is divinely assured, and deep within yourselves you absolutely know this. So release your doubts – they are totally without validity – and breathe in the Love that awaits your acceptance of It. Love will then envelop you, brightening the Light that you carry, dispelling your doubts, and raising your energy levels.
Where do you create? What is one thing that lives in your space you simply adore and could not do without? Other than my wonderful dog, I fell in love with a worn vintage dress form. It serves many purposes - it's excellent for pics, it is a great "holder" for my footage chain and it just adds a bit of whimsy to my room. I also keep my dried wedding bouquet as a reminder of that day. I love my little creative nook!
In paranormal, they prefer dark, sensual stories featuring vampires, werewolves and shape-shifters. Romantic Suspense does better for them if it is dark, gritty, steamy and sexy. For historicals, they love Regencies, Medievals and Scottish settings. Sexy stories sell well in historical, but humor is also welcome. In contemporaries, they want small town appeal and big emotional drama — “heart-warming and heart-breaking.’ These stories should be heart-tugging, with a powerful sense of community.
ladies and gentlemen, this is an extremely powerful, thought-provoking movie that will keep you rooted to your cramped up movie seats till after the credit is done rolling. it’s a moody, dark exploration of pain and revenge. with some pretty good movie soundtrack ;) sarah mclachlan is awesome :D
Two shielded behind recommended glasses
The grape like the hum and whirr of wind through the trees
I don't really want to buy things that I might outgrow in a few months and that I might not be able to fit into post-pregnancy. Ironically, although this pregnancy has disordered all my plans and complicated things quite a bit (it was both planned and unexpected), it has, on the other hand, simplified my wardrobe into about a dozen workable pieces. I now have a minimalist's wardrobe! haha.
Road Rage is a serious disease and I have a case of it, I am okay with that. But please be aware drivers on the road with me there are two things you should always remember. A) It is by the grace of God that I am not able to carry a gun in the car and 2) When I give you the death stare I am really truly in my head wishing that awful terrible things will happen to you :)
Seeing the looks on the faces of children seeing big planes for the first time also makes me smile. I’m a big kid but I’m a bit jealous. I would love to regain that youthful abandon. There is no halfway about it for them.
They got lots of food
In response, Anglican Mainstream and the Core Issues Trust issued a statement warning that the liberal clergy were trying to “unacceptably redefine Judeo-Christian belief”.
buildings or whether it are the interiors of the ancient houses,
Meanwhile, prepare your graham cracker crust and blind bake in the oven for about 8-10 minutes (15 for a homemade crust), until the crust is lightly browned. remove and allow to cool to room temperature.
O City city, I can sometimes hear
To help celebrate MFT today, I wanted to share a fun project that I have been meaning to blog for a LONG time now. I actually made this project for the (gasp!) November release and am just now sharing it! Seriously, how is it January already?!
As an African-American, Davis was the victim of racism throughout his life, and was a large financial supporter of civil rights causes. Davis had a complex relationship with the black community, and attracted criticism after physically embracing Richard Nixon in 1970. One day on a golf course with Jack Benny, he was asked what his handicap was. “Handicap?” he asked. “Talk about handicap — I’m a one-eyed Negro Jew.”[1][2] This was to become a signature comment, recounted in his autobiography, and in countless articles.[3]
Mother Teresa didn't march against abortion. She didn't pray outside abortion clinics. She didn't even raise a large family. These things are good and necessary in our fight against abortion, but they aren't the only things we can do to be pro-life. We can live our lives showing love and concern for all. We can witness the love of Christ to others by seeing Jesus in each person.
Amnesty International has missed an opportunity to help Muslims and non-Muslims alike.
I'm a huge fan of flip-flops. I've been known to wear them in the rain, in 30º weather...to weddings. You get the point. However, there should be rules attached to wearing flip-flops.
I want all this, for my kids.
First, before we can understand the names of God, we must understand the nature of Hebrew names. Hebrew names are not meant to be just formal titles used to identify one person from another, as they are in our western culture. No, they are actually sentences within themselves. It’s very similar, in fact, to how Native-Americans named their children. You know, names like “Crazy Horse,” “Sitting Bull,” “Black Hawk,” etc. which weren’t exactly complete sentences, like the Hebrew names were, but descriptions of the individual’s perceived character traits. Our Creator’s name, Yahweh, is a full sentence and it’s the shortest sentence in any language. So, what is this short sentence? What does the name “Yahweh” mean, in English? The answer is, stated simply — “I AM.”
Did you see that video of the Chinese schoolgirl giving an old guy head for $25 to buy a Gucci handbag? Neither did I. But, honestly, when I read about it yesterday I could hardly believe it – Gucci for $25? Not likely.
I am set free, God has set me free!
May you experience this amazing agape love in your life today.
Sadly, these bail-outs which is the EU’s answer to the dire problem of its own making, will only delay, not stop the eventual inevitable outcome which is the complete disintegration of its political currency. I say political as there is no sound economic reason to strap so many disparate economies together unless the sole aim is to create a single nation called ‘Europe’ which will be a political entity in its own right.
Of the young rioters arrested last year, more than three-quarters were re-offenders whose incarceration apparently had little effect. It would be interesting to know how many of them are able to bake bread, milk a cow, build a wall or, indeed, whistle a tune from the Mikado.
Kirk-Alloway seem'd in a bleeze (lit up);
"I should have known. Forest, you have the Devil in you." The Widow Johnson took both boys by the arm and led them straight to the Pastor's office for a proper rebuking.
2 optical connector with big one and one each little one
Any ideology can work for any group of people when (A) all individuals are fully informed about what the definitions of the ideology entail: the ideologies social contact; (B) hence they are fully informed about what that ideologies rules are; (C) they are able to make fully informed consensual commitments and agreements to each other to abide by the particular ideologies rules; (D) the ideologies rules do not conflict with reality; particularly resource realities.
10.) In a med bowl mix bisquick, milk and eggs until combined
True enough. If I were Friedman, Puzo or Heller, I might be leery of regular lunches with the likes of Proust, Kafka and Joyce, or Thomas Mann, Faulkner and Borges. This even if they were willing to join my group, which they might decline, and which unpleasantness to forestall I would not ask them to join. Their mere presence, however collegial, might be a thorn in my ego.
All rights reserved. Images on this blog are copyright of Nicole Ftacnik Photography and cannot be copied, downloaded, or used without my written permission; however, please feel free to share.
I am soooo looking forward to school tomorrow!!
I was therefore pleased when, just after the new year, a new Biedronka with cashpoint opened in/just outside Magdelenka. This was just a few minutes detour out of my way, so I could both easily get cash when I need it, and do some shopping in Biedronka. It became my nearest supermarket.
“Pilot”
I don't know a lot else about him. His name is Gaelic, chosen by his Scottish mother. He was married, but divorced his wife on the grounds of her adultery. It was a bit startling, browsing through the Times archives, to find the court case of their divorce. He had no children and died in 1913. We named our second son after him - sorry, Ro, it's never been easy, having a name everyone gets wrong.
Outside, fans rave and shout, as word spreads through Twitter and Facebook, about an impending ABBA reunion concert that will happen on Agnetha’s property, the very next day. Even the media is talking about the mystery concert – the only problem being that no one has yet heard a word from ABBA itself.
Unibroue Blanche De Chambly
(I did pole lessons! lol) and we had sushi and drinks at our favorite place, sitting side by side in a booth.
For this weeks Weird Wednesday post we'll again hop into the Way Back Machine and visit my senior year in High School. One of my friends had a car, and as he had to go by my house on his way into school anyways, he'd pick me up so I didn't have to ride the school bus.
You're also thrilled that you're already almost halfway done!
Do you know what could have happened to Joel?
And the nice thing is, since I'm trying to be frugal right now, I will only be spending $1.87/shake for two meals out of the day...that's some savings!!
One of my dilemmas when purchasing an ink is whether it will be useful in my life. In the academic and professional world, a bright orange ink won't cut it, and sometimes there are just inks more suited for different environments and situations. Finding an ink that is professional and interesting at the same time is the reason I use my fountain pens in every academic task, because it brings me out of a rut of dull and boring pens and allows me to take extreme pleasure in every single word I write.
Frothers charity Charlie's Angels
and that the earth has food enough for everyone
It’s now about 6:30pm, and Holly and Reggie are about to record the first link of the show (which obviously won’t be live) where they introduce the coaches who sing A Beautiful Day by U2. They all sing it live which is very impressive actually. There’s a big screen at the front of the stage, quite high up, but it has all the lines on it, scrolling up with each persons name on it as it comes to their line. The song ends and we all show our appreciation. We’re then told they have to do it again. So the version that went out at the top of the show was actually the second attempt.
“I can’t even take a stroll through a park,” says Carey. “As soon as women see my face they start gathering up their children and running for home.”
For this layout I used Sketch #26 from the Sketch Support website. I thought it was a good way to be able to use some of my Tim Holtz stamps and some old Cosmo Cricket Paper that I didn't want to completely cover up.
Walking with me to my car last evening to say good night, my friend pointed out a steak house across Main Street in Dallas where the steaks are 40 bucks each. I commented that I’ve virtually stopped eating red meat. This is not a conscious decision to help the environment or avoid ingesting hormones. No, it is a simple matter of convenience—when I simplified my diet (with remarkable and felicitous results), preparing a steak or a burger became more bother than it’s worth.
Run for the hills: the Gabe files
22Lifting me up, you make me go on the wings of the wind; I am broken up by the storm.
Fortunately for this kid, I do believe there's a lid for every pot out there, so all he has to do is find a girl who is easily flattered and enjoys really tiny conversations.
Hey everyone! I just got a link from a friend to check out this amazing blog candy! I'm soooo glad I did! She is giving away some SUPER DUPER amazing items! You don't want to miss this chance to win! Here's the link: http://keepsakesbymelissa.blogspot.com/2011/12/my-annual-end-of-year-christmas.html
Attempting to do more all in a bid to please some other people at the expense of your core purpose in life will not get you far. Stop it! I may not know the formula for success but the simplest way to be a failure is to try to please everybody!
Rating 29
Thanking you for the fair, manly, and courteous terms proposed, and for the high compliment paid me, I am, General, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
We were still in London, then. Yet the cityscape didn't look anything like the London I knew.
most important to lift with your thighs.
Grace unto you, and peace, be multiplied,
2 onions, sliced
this song is probably NSFW...or gramma or grampa or little kids or anybody else for that reason.
Bill Hybels talked about how we need to me immovable, we need to stand firm and let nothing move us from what we know is right. "We have to stay mentally tough and hold onto our core values." He said "we should always give our best. No matter what always abound in the work of the Lord, everyday."
Later on Matt come home from work and tells me I can do what I want to do and he'll take care of everything! Fabulous! If it was any normal day it would be fine...but there was this part of me that knew it was my birthday and was feeling selfish and felt that I needed to accomplish something for me before the day was over. After dinner I thought I would chill and finish my book I was reading. That would be relaxing and accomplish something!
Then place it on the baking sheet and bake on the centre shelf of the oven for 10-12 minutes, or until crisp and golden brown.
You must check out Bunny's new book that just came out....
But this doesn't make any sense: Devon Sherwood was at the party. They knew he was at the party. Yet police never showed Mangum Devon Sherwood's picture.
The first part of the chapter is about Danielle, the Loner. Her story is heart-wrenching. She doesn’t have any close friends, and the three friends that she does have, she doesn’t like. Some mean kids at her school convinced her to join her own hate club. The club was labeled the “I hate Dominoes Club” and all of her supposed friends were joining. She got pressured into joining as well and became the school’s laughing-stock for quite some time. And that was how she became a Loner. Her story continues on about how she wants to have friends but doesn’t know how to approach anyone. After the first semester though, Robbins gives Danielle a challenge and tells her to go meet new people. When she does, she finds that she has more in common with people then she thought.
Professor: If you are referring to the natural evolutionary process, yes, of course, I do.
So, I send thanks out to you all. To Sydney for loving big feet people, to Bondi Junction for housing some great shoes stores and especially to the Underground Railway. If it was not for you and your easy access all over Sydney, I might still be wearing the same 3 freakin pairs of shoes.
There's also the problem of where to stop rewriting. I actually did completely re-do the first two chapters of my webcomic, and regretted it forevermore because there was a sharp and jarring drop in quality at the start of chapter 3. On top of that, I didn't stop getting better after the re-draw, so by the time I gave up the first two chapters were back to being well below the standard of later updates.
Don’t build it too near the shore,
10One man of you is able to put to flight a thousand; for it is the Lord your God who is fighting for you, as he has said to you.
Certainly, Colonel Gracie’s account exposed some of the first-class sense of superiority of the time, though not intentionally. But he also fulfilled his purpose and did, indeed, bear testimony to many heroic acts that night.
But, the history behind this conflict is actually much deeper than similar rivalries, such as UT vs. Oklahoma, or UT vs. Texas A&M. Those, to my eyes, mostly appear to stem from long exposure to each other's teams in the same conferences, and yes, proximity of two major universities that are packed to the gills with drunk-ass testosterone-fueled college students.
So, he chose to take his talents to New York. Is that a good thing for the Jets? I think so, considering he’s not costing you that much money. In addition, you didn’t give away much to get him (2 low-end draft picks). If Sanchez begins to struggle (we know he will), then you can bring in the *proven* winner, Timmy Tebow.
(to tell me about when she gets back eh).
Smoked Feta Mousse
Lord, I give myself to Thee;
I have wished another star,
We also value the feedback of all of our team and will welcome ideas about how to improve our solutions or service models.
When someone loses a loved one, especially one that is very close, they may be so distraught that they cannot accept this death. The need to keep a connection to the person whom they have lost is so strong, they may experience visitations. Many times these people will wake in the middle of the night to see their loved one in the room with them. There are even reports of talking to the departed one.
Three days after the crisis began, Pattison's shares remained around the £3 mark, or less than a third of their value of a week earlier. At this point there was still confidence that Pattison's had plenty of assets to cover their debts and that everyone would get their money back. That turned out to be partly true. Some creditors were paid in full. Just not the shareholders. They were at the end of the queue.
Well, I watched it. Always meant to and did. Was fascinated by the Abbey cosmati floor, the liturgy, the visiting dignitaries, the hats, the lot. What annoyed me is the very low standard of blather we get from broadcasters. Huw Edwards read out bulletins about the principals' outfits as if he was doing it phonetically from a script written in Martian and couldn't tell the difference between sky and powder blue (Carole Middleton).
I really enjoyed your books When I Was Joe and Almost True. When is there going to be another book about Ty? What do you suggest I read in the meantime?
The time didn’t make it inefficient, it showed Samuel what to avoid while the house of Eli was brought down, not that he didn’t have some missteps too. I think we think of efficiency as being quick but really it’s just a good use of resources and time. I have two friends who have been effected by God’s efficiency. One with a prophetic vision and another with a prophetic word. One links back to several years ago and is just now coming to be and the other just received it and it’s already doing its work. One thing we have to remember is that these things need our protection and nurturing. We then have to keep the faith that God will make good on what He has been gracious enough to share with us. The liar will try to convince you otherwise but God keeps His word.
But this is only the beginning. We could offer all sorts of premium services (with extra costs, of course). Like the Instant Absolution extra – a secure contact is installed immediately to the priest, who gives the penance and absolution straight away. For those whose time is limited you can also buy the extra Indulgence option, which frees you of the obligation to do the penance before the absolution becomes effective. I see great possibilities for this option in airport departure lounges – we might need to think about doing some kind of advertising in such areas. Or we could also offer various comfort options; the worry-free monthly flat rate ($19.95) with unlimited absolutions or the comfort-option plus, which includes five (!) instant absolutions – world-wide, any time – for just $39.95 per month extra.
Remember when you went through a stage where you didn’t like your name? Did you think your name was too girlie, too masculine, too old-fashioned, or just plain weird? Most of the people I asked said they’ve been there.
Now, I am not one who believes that old people should just take to their rocking chairs, or if active, spend their time golfing or 'vacationing'. My beloved grandma worked until she was in her late 80s; she never grew old or 'thought old.' But she could do that, because she owned her own business. She still spent much time with her many children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren but she always kept busy and active in working life. I admired that.
C03 Let Me Seduce You
Maybe it didn’t click because of the random violence or the graphic and awkward domination style sex scenes.
I wish I knew her story!!!!
What happened? A neighborhood watchman with a Batman complex stalked, confronted, and killed an unarmed black teen who did nothing to provoke the attack.
“We heard several shots going off, but that’s quite unusual around here. Next thing I know we heard over the loud speaker a police officer said ‘Come out with your hands up,’” said resident Brian Clemens.
of fat babies and tourists,
Thursday's incident paled in comparison to Saturday, when after a poor tee shot on the sixth hole, Woods said, "Tiger Woods, you suck. Goddamnit." He didn't yell or shout, but it was more than loud enough for CBS to have the audio live on national television (link to video on TMZ.com).
Of course, I can't show that now.
I'm limited in what I can add here. I knew of Amoeba, the guy with the Skrewdriver shirt, from hanging around the drinkin/druggin punk scene back then. But I only knew him on the surface much like the rest of the scene I was hanging around. If I wasn't drunk, stoned, or wacked out on acid or pcp I was actively trying to score those drugs so I have a hard time remembering names. I don't know the other people in this band. Or maybe I do? The End.
it gets cute and the guys are pretty hot so i definitely recommend this if you want a romantic read
All in all a fantastic way of spending a few hours.
They were aware.
It's ridiculous that a handful of raghead sons of bitches can hold the world hostage simply by manipulating how much oil they pump and sell, and for how much.
Naked in front of her
My daughter really love pizza. Who not? xD
I really like the fact that so many major events in the book are featured on the cover, from the dragon to the troll back near the castle to the witch flying on her broomstick. I also loved the small detail to several of the princes and princesses (Though I won't name names so that you too can be surprised and delighted the way I was!)
They arrived just in time. The boat – to meet the crowd. And the crowd – to meet the boat. This time, the crowd drew crowds. The whole original village and perhaps a few villages they had passed on their way, snowballed into one massive human landscape. There they were standing, sitting, or still coming.
There is no doubt in my mind that Nibiru is now very close, and that soon it will be “within range” for the vast majority to be able to come here. There is also a contingent of the “holy watchers” who are stationed offsorld but fairly close by who are the eyes and ears for “the good guys.” The “guy” on Kerry’s radio show is probably one of these.
Oven: Preheat oven to 350° F. Arrange frozen chicken breast fritters in a single layer on an ungreased baking sheet. Bake, uncovered, for 25-30 minutes until no pink remains or an internal temperature of 165° F as measured by use of a food thermometer placed in the thickest part of the chicken breast fritter.
With respect to the case of Gerardo Hernandez, Fernando Gonzalez, Antonio Guerrero, Ramon Labañino and Rene Gonzalez, the legislators expressed their support for the request so these men, condemned to long sentences for crimes they didn’t commit, can definitively return free to their homeland.
When you first called me dada
I criticised the BBC's coverage of the Presidential election and there's now general agreement that it was a shambles, redeemed only by Gore Vidal's tired and emotional spat with David Dimbleby.
It would only take a spark to ignite the gas escaping from this well, then Total would have a major disaster upon their hands, even now it's going to be very tricky shutting this well down.
After bearing witness to all the hype surrounding The Hunger Games movie, I decided to dive into the books to see what all the talk was about (I also wanted to finish the first book before the movie came out). Yesterday I finished Mockingjay, the third book in the series, and I figured I would share my thoughts on the entire series and also each individual book.
JPDFX Blog (jpdfxblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
So, this morning I'm thinking about all that potential I had. Did I live up to it? Did I?
I've been playing with pinks and greens for about a week now so I figured I'd keep right on going with that theme!
Everybody likes to take safety step to protect themselves such as using helmets while riding in bike, seat belt is for safety and including having tablet is also a protects you from danger. Insurance is also like this, you can save your life from uncertain incidents. First, you should know the importance of the insurance to your life then you have to think about your needs. Don’t always get help from the insurance agents, if you have any doubts, you can use the auto insurance online to get certain answers for your queries.
American Gangster was marketed with the tagline "There are two sides to the American Dream." and it certainly delivers on that promise. The two sides here are both unconventional ones as well, with Washington's Lucas and Crowe's Roberts serving to illuminate each other due to their vast disconnect. If it had been focused entirely on Lucas, this could have been a simple rise and fall of a gangster story, and it certainly does contain those elements, but adding Roberts story enhances it, giving us a bigger view of the world in the film as well as a great counterpoint between them. Both me work in well established systems according to their own terms, but frequently we find that there is little division between their two sides. Robert's fellow cops are as much a part of the drug problem as anyone Lucas works with. While it is based on a true story, I'm only looking at the world presented in the film and the characters as they appear in it. Certainly real world gangsters carrying movies is a long tradition and our awareness of figures like Al Capone, John Dillinger, among others has come from their film portrayals. Like those earlier gangsters, we know that the story isn't over until the gangster takes a fall. One remarkable feature about this film is that those earlier gangsters were public enemy number one, hounded by the FBI, but Frank Lucas' career coming to an end is different, rather than inevitable, it happens against the odds, as the system seemed happy to support him.
Edit: the night is never over till ABAA has been played. Take A Chance On Me and you’ll see I’m right.
+ Dinner is....
There are so many good things happening in the world. You too can be a part of it! If you are looking for more inspiration for your kids, my sister-in-law has written a great children’s book to help them explore their gifts. It is called I am A Good Idea.
So have you been touched by the Angel yet?
There's a lot to the song title, "I Gotta Be Me."
And if you can't get enough green, here's a project from Tee at The Cottage at Vinnord, who made a pair of old lanterns look even older, (but, like, cooler and older) by adding layer after layer of leftover green stain and aqua paint for a verdigris effect. That is some pretty patina, huh pardner?
Two days ago, like many of my classes, I taught a lesson, and gave the students some practice questions. I have predicted that in line with the recent trend only a few would attempt them. So today, I broke my corporal punishment virginity, and decided to make it a bit eventful as well. I had the students' names in an envelope, and to randomly selected a few to solve the practice problems that I have assigned. As I announced this new lesson plan and vigorously swung around my new wand of power, saying "I know kung fu," the students began to belatedly do their homework. Surprise surprise. And when the selected students had no idea how to solve the questions, I gave them a pretty mightyful swing. In fact, two of the sticks broke, and even a small crowd was formed right outside the classroom door.
Much of this art then adds up to laziness. This style is in place of actually having ideas, or opinions of one’s own. It is codes and icons, speaking to cool young people who know the codes, and also trying to piss off conservatives. It is so confusing because you never know when people are being ironic or not. It is best to assume they are always being ironic. Which is ironic because none of what they are doing is really irony, it is just the opposite of what they mean to say. So it is like “opposite day” back in elementary school when kids try to trick eachother. This also fits because it is an art student style to be really obvious and ironic. And not actually know what you are saying but to say it anyway, with an American flag, with blood on it, and a dick in there somewhere too.
You hook your kids binky to the Velcro strap on the one side and your good to go
When I wasn't taking pictures the light was flashing off the lens and projecting against the wall. And like cats with a lazer pointer...
Wong S, Chan LY, Yu V, Ho L. Hepatitis B carrier and perinatal outcome in singleton pregnancy. Am J Perinatol 1999; 16: 484-488.
Following the Crimean War in the 1850s Armstrong became increasingly involved with the manufacture of armaments and his eighteen pound breach loading gun was one of many Armstrong weapons recognized as the best in the world. Such devices, often tested on the moors of Allendale, were ordered by armies and navies all over the the world from Russia and Japan to the United States. In fact Armstrong supplied both armies in the American Civil War.
Ric Crouch, Sunday School Director
Kate Reardon, editor at the Condé Nast-owned title , said: “Not only can you try on the Crown Jewels, but our regal corgi cover star comes to life. How thrilling is that?” Check out the Tatler team experimenting with the app themselves, here.
to put on the kettle for tea.
I find it quite interesting how a pagan woman got to where Jesus was seeking to hide. The disciples have been so good at shooing away people and children, but somehow, she gets through. According to the Greek she doesn’t just ask Jesus a question, she makes her request over and over. It sounds somewhat annoying. So I guess in part, Jesus caustic response might be more understandable given his exhaustion and her persistance.
All Magic Sportsters are made from durable, polypropylene plastic. Magic Sportsters are easy to assemble, dishwasher and steriliser safe.
Are you starting to wish Ray Shero had caved and given Sarge the third-year on his contract in 2010? I sure am. Hell, I would trade Sarge for Paul Martin straight-up today, except Sarge is busy scoring goals for the Senators, calming down Power Play partner Erik Karlsson, and helping his team attempt to upset the Rangers; you know, the types of things he used to do for the Penguins.
In the meantime, I'll be self-pubbing, making money.
“For too long, local people were held back and ignored because Whitehall thought it knew best. That is changing for good. Councils have their General Power of Competence and residents have a real power over decisions like council tax, town hall pay, planning, community buildings or local services.”
Abigail Lorick is currently looking for interns who are available four days a week, for at least a three month commitment. Basically a semester. She is the designer for Gossip Girl’s Eleanor Waldorf.
The long dark nights of winter, and the cold are the seasonal abyss (as much as night and the new moon are). At least for those of us at high enough latitudes that we see snow and noticeable changes in the length of the day. The winter is a time of withdrawal to the indoors, hibernation, austerity as the plants become dormant and animals less active. It is as if much of the world is dormant, asleep and dreaming. It is a time of the unseen spirits.
Because people don’t have very good imaginations. Depression is a chronic thing, not an acute circumstantial issue. The problem is with people who don’t have good imaginations is they imagine disability to be a acute thing and respond thusly, when it is a chronic thing. Example: being in a wheel chair and not being able to get up. Chronically, that’s just a sad reality: you are less able, so you need a chair with wheels. Acutely, however it’s just like being tied to a chair. People make asses of themselves because they respond to chronic problem (disability) with what they falsely perceive to be an acute problem (Oh my god, that woman is tied to a chair.) So depending on whatever goes through their head they might A. see someone to abuse, B. see some sort of sicko who goes out in public tied to chair, C. see someone so dangerous or mentally unstable/retarded, they need to be tied to a chair, or D. all of the above. My friend Kat has experienced all four.
Oh, and if you're interested, I was *NOT* an instant winner. Instead, I got a free desktop/phone wallpaper image:
Now, this is not big news that we can affect each other in negative as well as positive ways. We all know this. But sometimes we get so stuck inside ourselves; we forget that we are missing something terribly important. Human connection. We are not all our troubles, our concerns, our crazy, busy routine. We are loving, human beings who are at our best when we are igniting and expanding positive energy–not just for the benefit of the world but for our own benefit as well. Only, we keep forgetting that. We know we should be kinder, warmer, gentler, but we keep getting hung up. We get so disconnected that we don’t even give ourselves those very things we need. I guess this little walk just reminded me that in order to get the positive energy we need, we have to be the catalyst that sets it all in motion.
of early mornings and was absolutely uninspired to write anything.
In the STM disciplines – science, technology and medicine – it is axiomatic that inventions will not make an impact unless they are tested and found useful under ordinary working conditions. The same applies to statistical innovation. Proposing new indicators is easy. Testing them with real data is laborious. Getting them accepted by organized statistical systems is tough, back-breaking work. Organizations resist change.
All power except Life Support is switched off.
A little later two other friends came to visit, we were on our way to NICU to see the baby. The elevator doors opened and who steps out - my husband! My friends graciously bowed out, allowing my husband to go in and meet Tomas in a private moment. We went in and looked him over. Tomas was not a magazine cover newborn, and it had nothing to do with DS. Oh, he was cute all right, but just had a few quirky things going on. For starters, he had no eyebrows - not a hair in sight. Then his cranial plates were overlapping. When I first saw this I thought it was a DS thing, but the nurses assured me it was a baby thing, and that they would move and shift and eventually fall into place. At the time my husband came in they were overlapping right over the center part of his head and he looked like a little Klingon baby, only with no eyebrows! I could tell he was nervous that this was all permanent stuff so I did my best to reassure him. He didn't want to hold him as there were too many wires and he was too afraid. We just sat there for a long time and watched, and eventually headed up to my room.
Your lips speak from the involutes and evolutes
A gift so sweet and rare;
It goes without saying that most producers fail to follow that sage advice.
"There is a grotesque disparity," Bobbitt writes, "between the rapid movement of international capital and the ponderous and territorially circumscribed responses of the nation-state, as clumsy as a bear chained to a stake, trying to chase a shifting beam of light."
1-11-11
Lim Siew Cheng, 63,
Hillcrest Cemetery came into use in the 1830's, following the Chickasaw Secession. Most of the oldest and earliest headstones have long ago crumbled and been carted away. But there are a few remaining stones that mark this early era. Leaving only a small clue as to the original age of the cemetery.
No matter how much I wanted to read the Edwyn piece, there was no way I was parting with my money to pay the wages of a bunch of self-centred tossers who came up with this pish:-
Back in the day, when businesses still went all out for Grand Openings and such stuff, I got hired on to create a few over the top projects. I LOVED doing this kind of thing. It was a challenge and always fun!
Part of my wedding gift to Rikky are the vintage sterling silver armorial-style cufflinks that read: “To Practice the Truth in Love.” We do that every day.
occurred on the 21 st April is now subject of a probe in the National
A bit later, Brodsky again got granular, asking questions about the relationship between construction jobs and tax revenues, and getting himself—and the ESDC staffers—confused. “We are clearly swimming in water that we don’t understand,” Brodsky observed.
I wasn't even really styled, I never really was while being in New York, dunno why... (;D; )
Molly stares at the smoke rising in an unbroken line from her hand.
She recently announced that the doctors have declared her to be cancer free. My dear friend is much bigger than breast cancer!
Unless you're publishing articles, novels, stories, books, etc. on a regular basis, then you need to start somewhere. But where to begin? Contests, my friends! I've written about the usefulness of literary contests in the past and I continue to feel that they are not only great in getting your work read by those in the industry, but they can also open doors to other writing-related things as well. Five years ago, when I started writing my first novel, I didn't have one piece of writing cred to my name. Period. Now, this is what I list in my bio:
On behalf of Jon Rowe BKin, CEP
At 0700 hrs breakfast, mixed in a 20 litre tin. The 'mix' varied, from a piece of bread to porridge or half-cooked beans. The choice between eating or getting medical treatment was left entirely to the inmate. (p.87)
Weakness: Nearly 40 percent of VCU’s field goal attempts are three-pointers. That’s a lot. The Rams live by the three and die by the three. That’s a dangerous way to live. It worked very well for them in the tournament last year, but that was last year. This is a new group with an unrealistic set of expectations. I’m not sure history will repeat itself.
Then I got busy trying to force myself to make earrings every day...and trying to finish up some beaded squares for the Bead it Forward: Beaded Quilts to raise money for Breast Cancer Research(deadline is March 1st)...and finishing up my trays full of UFOs...so I have neglected this diary. But I have been beading and that's the really important part right?
Internet marketing pro Ralph Wilson suggests brainstorming sessions with friends as a way to come up with creative options for your unique domain name.
I can always count on Better Homes and Gardens to inspire me and
This is my first night at home since getting back from holidays. You would think that the post-Easter parish would be somewhat calmer, but you know what? It’s not really the way it works out…
He said “Son, it’s probably time to start making some plans”
Round three was a draw as I was able to drag myself out of bed Monday and go to work…which, incidentally, is where I’m writing this from. I have to wonder if round four will go to me or URI.
Ephesians 5:23 (NIV): “For the husband is the head of the wife as Christ is the head of the church, His body, of which He is the Savior.”
My heart was cold.
After running it through the grater blade, we had something that resembled ground meat.
Angus nods vigorously.
The insertion of needles at specific points along the meridians is thought to unblock the qi. More than 800 acupuncture points have been identified, but only about 50 are commonly used. Acupuncture is usually used as a treatment together with herbal medicines.
Playoff Chili
In the Answer, the Examiner clarified his position on several teachings in March, and also indicated that "Lemelson is only used to teach the function of the optical fibers."
The thought of staying quickly passed and I continued toward the city, looking forward to crawling back into bed, when like clockwork my cell phone rang. "Do you see my license in the car, Dad?" It was difficult to see in the dark of the morning, and since I was already breaking the law by taking the call I thought it prudent to refrain from crawling out of my seat to search the car while speeding along the expressway. I pulled off the nearest exit but was unable to locate her license. Panic ensued as evidenced by the stream of words from the phone: "What am I going to do I can't get on the plane I can't even get a ticket my group is waiting oh Dear GOD what am I supposed to do now" etc. etc. etc. There was no punctuation in her communication so I omitted it here too.
I can just hear Not Mary P saying “YES!!”
I don’t remember when it was that we discovered his speech impediment. We’ve been voicing his inner monologue almost since the minute we brought him home. And somewhere along the way we realized that he had twouble wif his r, l and th sounds. He also had a stutter which was mostly controlled in his later years. He used to send me emails and leave me voicemails. They always started with “hewwo.” He was silly and I reckon he made us sillier. Somewhere along the way, he picked up the nickname, Schpupin. Only it was never spoken. If it was said at all, it was shouted, "Schpupin!" Later it became simply, de Schpup! Oddly enough, he knew that was his name. And when he heard us talking for him, he knew it was his voice. He was the living manifestation of our most ridiculous instincts.
Pet names and nicknames in the mouths of your secondary characters can communicate lots in a small amount of space. Not only the relationship, but the level of education, temperament, and background. For example, my MC's grandfathers call her "love" and "pumpkin." Pretty obvious which one's a Brit and which one's American, right?
POSTGAME PODCAST:
You need to have the Riding Trait.
I worked most of yesterday.
See you at the tree.
I've been photographing Miss A since she was a newborn and
Then Ms. Horne didn't grace the big screen again until 1969's Death of A Gunfighter co-starring Richard Widmark as her love interest. Another nine years passed before she made her last film as an actress, playing Glinda the Good Witch in Sidney Lumet's The Wiz.
3. If you truly love the house, have realistic expectations. For instance, if you try a lowball offer and it is rejected, will you be crushed? Are you willing, or do you have time, to spend several more months to find the “right” house?
Like a collective the
Bicycology: Exploring the difficulties of tackling car culture head on
RODRIGUEZ: And now you have eight more.
