I'm always looking for new and interesting locations to shoot at, and so often shoot with other photographers who know great locations in their area. On the model front the master of locations must be Madame Bink.
L’s pussy moving toward me, the time she’d straddled me and said, “What next,” and I said, “I want to taste you,” and she brought her pussy to my lips; it was pink and swollen and surrounded by neatly trimmed dark brown hair. I could taste and smell her and she moved her cunt in circles on my face and lips, smearing me with her juices, pulling back an inch so my tongue could taste, stroke, probe into the cunt the hole the place I love to put my tongue and fingers and lips, and she carefully rubbed her clit against my chin, rubbing herself off on me…..
Other events also show that Afrikaners especially, have every reason to worry that a genocide might well be brewing against them: in the townships, a worrying new trend is also developing: the growing strength of crime war-lords and gigantic taxi-associations which are increasingly replacing the outgunned, underfinanced and increasingly terrified SA police as the only defenders against the many feral-youth crime gangs terrorising the residents with their AK47s and their Uzi machineguns. The SA police force is unable to combat this mounting tsunami of violence, gang-rape and mindless murders.
There’s a handful of small moments that help make the movie work. For some reason I find it hysterical that when the four bad guys are sitting around a table in their hideout thinking about what to do that they’ve all got a small yellow pad of paper in front of them. Like the Joker is going to jot down random ideas to bring up for discussion later on. Or when Robin doesn’t want to watch Bruce and Kitka make out in her hotel room so he shuts the surveillance feed off and Alfred is all, “Is that wise?” because the old bugger clearly wants to watch. And then there’s the Penguin – after he’s turned five henchmen into dust with the super special machine they stole, he has Catwoman sweep up the powder so they can be rehydrated later and he tells her, “Careful, careful, every one of them has a mother.”
Well I am certainly glad to hear you say that. It appears to me the only real difference from your view and ours, in this area anyway, is where the holy ones will be located when they rule. Since they will be like Christ and with Christ, who is now a life giving spirit, it seems the difference doesn’t amount to much. There are then two destinies or assignments for Christians. One sector, the holy ones, will rule over, judge and perform priestly activities for those of the second resurrection, who will live on earth as humans. At this point then, I am not sure what the real contention is. Would it bother me if the holy ones ruled from earth? No. I just don’t see the Biblical evidence to be in support of that but rather to the contrary. But, from your own words, it appears there are two destinies for Christians, differentiated by either the first resurrection or the “second”.
Step 6: Go (politely) nuclear. Get a lawyer.
I leave chapter one here for sampling… if you like fiction… in present tense and about active souls interacting with mortals.
2. If you missed the reveal of the cover for THE KILL ORDER, be sure and CLICK HERE. I really love what Philip Straub and the design team at Random House have done with it. The book comes out August 14th.
The men were lead by a hot 1500 meters as Augustine Kiprono Choge lowered his own world leader to 3:29.47 as no less than 10 individuals in the race set seasonal or personal bests! Ditto the men's 5000 meters as Kenenisa Bekele ran the #2 time on the season (13:00.76) while leading 9 others to seasonal or personal bests.
If you can, get a new job. In a new city. In a new country if you can manage it, and leave your pooping days behind you forever – but take care to never let it happen again, or you’ll have to move again, and maybe change your name because your reputation for soiling yourself will now be international.
The Lucky Lab, besides having an exceptional IPA, Superdog (I claimed it as my favorite beer to the AP, I'll stand by it), serves a limited release of single hopped IPA's, for educational purposes, I assume. They change roughly by the month, whenever the old one runs out. Right now the Lab on Quimby has a Cascade hops IPA, which I haven't tried yet.
To melt the chips it's important to leave them for short intervals and stir, stir, stir. Start out with one minute in the microwave, taking them out to stir every 30 seconds. When they start to melt leave them in for about another minute, taking them out to stir every 10-15 seconds or until melted and smooth. If you are seeing lumpy bits then the chocolate is not fully melted. If it is difficult to stir and you see hard dry pieces then the chocolate has seized up and you'll have to start over. Chocolate melting can be a tricky
Again, thank you for inviting me. You have prepared food, so I will not be rude, I will stay and eat.
To receive the latest posts, as well as updates about upcoming blog parties, subscribe To BNOTP posts via an RSS Reader. Or, have BNOTP delivered right to your Inbox. You'll find links to subscribe via RSS and e-mail on the top ride sidebar of the BNOTP home page, OR click HERE to subscribe via RSS Reader and HERE to subscribe via e-mail.
I wrote a story about BHS in December that included the discovery of the Ratzer map that you can read here. The map was discovered thanks to a grant that BHS received that is allowing them to go through their archives and reacquaint themselves with what they really have, and write new, detailed descriptions of it to update their catalogue.
Aroma/Bouquet (0-4): Some sweet malt, overpowered by a roast flavor. No hops detected. Not bad, but not Shiner. 2 points
The Brooklyn Historical Society was founded in 1863. The museum has many exhibits. It has an exhibit just for veterans from the Vietnam War, an exhibit just for the work of high school students and many more exhibits.
Ringelberg confiscated the live dog, and deputies eventually arrested Pressley and his wife. The surviving dog received nine months of care and was eventually adopted out, Ringelberg said.
To see more of Susie Stacey's cards you can visit her blog here.
Bad Romance: Glenn's favorite track on Habits is "Our War," a heartbreaking plea to a girl he dated for two years. He even prepared for marriage by asking his aunt for a family heirloom ring. The song traces the day things started to fall apart, when the couple were supposed to take a trip to Salt Lake City. "I was at a bus stop waiting in the rain all day," he says. "I walked all day in the rain. Looking back on it, it felt cinematic. But since then it's bottled up and made me not trust. Maybe the whole next Neon Trees album will be more angry."
The last few miles were great. They saved all the downhill, all of that "banked" elevation gain for the last three miles, so I just relaxed, and let gravity do its job, it was a beautiful finish. My wife was there (she ran the 10K and placed second in her age group), Jeff was there (he was the 5th male finisher and ran it in an amazing time of 3:22), and the cold ocean was just waiting to wash the dust off my feet and numb the muscles in my legs. It was a beautiful day for a run and as I finished I swore to myself that I would never be back, but now it's two days later and I'm already wondering how many of those finisher's bars would I have to get before I actually wore the thing year-round.
2005 Cantora Records
And I'm pleased to say, it stayed dry all day,
This past Saturday I was a vendor in the "Strawberry Festival" right up the road from my new house - had a blast and actually sold some things and took some special orders!
The consistency of the butter was soft. Well, I couldn’t find the butter I found the spread so that would explain it. But this frosting had to be in the fridge always. As the elements of the atmosphere would make it slush faster then you could “Dang.. look how good that cake looks!” Well, not that fast.. but I was watchful over it. Stuck it in the freezer right before it was to travel over 30 minutes to its final destination. Glad when I heard it made it there intact.
But ultimately they knew it was only a game. They were completely aware that they weren’t separate at all. They knew they were connected to each other by the golden cord which was also connected to their source; Divinity and Darkness..."
We are having a nice meal tonight: Grilled steak, mashed sweet potatoes with bacon and touch of maple syrup, a spinach salad with citrus dressing topped with feta/dried cranberries/red onion/toasted pecans, and homemade rolls-- but the star will, of course, be the final course.
Lancaster and its James Street Improvement District are prime examples of living by these three simple rules! I suggest a field trip for any struggling downtown merchants or downtown organizations who want to see what is possible!
You've got no passion, no individuality and no dignity.
It’s been three months. And now, I have twenty days until I head home. That fact finally hit me a week ago.
The next is of the sailboats in the jetty on Sunday they have great local races and love seeing them way out to sea as well when walking..
Neutral Grays are neutral and good for generic gray things or for storyboarding.
Though they were a literary phenomenon of my youth and are now on their way to legend, I was never a fan of “the Beats”, writers that included Allen Ginsberg, William Burroughs, Lawrence Ferlinghetti and Jack Kerouac. I read Kerouac’s rambling novels without finding the stories that compelling and I thought Ginsberg’s poetry was not worth the accolades it received. Clearly I am in the minority with such views because Bill Morgan has written The Typewriter is Holy: The Complete, Uncensored History of the Beat Generation ($28.00, Free Press, an imprint of Simon and Schuster). In many respects, Morgan confirms my early reservations. It is in fact a quite fascinating series of revelations about the writers who came to be known as the Beat Generation. They were almost exclusively male and all shared a belief in personal liberation. They also all paid a personal price as it took a toll in varying ways on all of them. At the heart of the group was Kerouac who sought a circle of friends whose love affairs, straight and gay, whose drug use, whose search for spirituality, and whose battles over censorship contributed to a transformation of society. It makes for great reading. From the same publisher comes another biography from the world of literature, Sophia Tolstoy by Alexandra Popoff ($28.00, Free Press). She was the wife of the celebrated writer and cultural icon, Leo Tolstoy. She was also the mother of thirteen, a businesswoman, and a publisher. History portrays her as a shrill, small-minded woman who tormented her husband and actively tried to sabotage his endeavors, but Popoff believes that history has been unfair to her and has written this biography to set the record straight. She is, instead, portrayed as a strong, intelligent, and dedicated woman who participated in Tolstoy’s writings and causes, and shared his sense of mission and important values. Without question, Tolstoy modeled his memorable female characters after her. She emerges as having played an essential role in his life, one for which we can thank her service, encouragement, and management that left him free to write. Lives Like Loaded Guns: Emily Dickinson and Her Family’s Feuds by Lydall Gordon ($27.95, Viking) explodes many of the commonly held beliefs and views of the extraordinary poetess, 1830-1886, the maid of Amherst, Massachusetts who never married, but produced poems of tremendous emotional depth and indelible beauty. He theorizes that she suffered from epilepsy which carried with it a social stigma. This would account for her reclusive lifestyle. There are other factors that those who love her work will find of great interest. The self-appointed editor of Dickinson’s poetry was Mabel Loomis Todd who had an affair with Austin Dickinson, her older (and married) brother. It set off a family feud. Previously untapped papers and access to the Dickinson and Todd archives illuminate the formerly unknown aspect of her life in ways that make this a provocative biography.
Take all of my prayer, let no boundary stay.,
Far more important than the kids and the dog starving to death from a non-delivery of food was my timorous return to the hairdresser for them to fix whatever it was that had not worked the first time, which meant that I had left the salon with the same straight hair with which I had entered.
Blacks also made up nearly half of all syphilis cases in 2010, and cases of the disease among young black men between the ages of 20-24 have increased 134 percent over the past five years.
BC: I am continuing to perform with my bands, Bill Carney' s Jug Addicts and Les Sans Culottes
Make Ahead Tip *Test Kitchen Tip:At this point, the meat and cooking liquid can be refrigerated overnight before assembling enchiladas. The cooking liquid will thicken. To serve, pour cooking liquid into a small saucepan; heat over low heat until boiling. Continue as directed in Steps 3 through 6.
I've got some cracker dough resting. This time I'll pull out the pasta roller so I can get them rolled thinner. Last time with just a rolling pin they were too thick. While the pasta maker is out, J17 wants to make some lemon pepper pasta since we got some salmon filets for dinner. Mmmm....
The whole surgery and healing has not been that bad at all. On a day to day basis I had more pain before the surgery than after. So I guess you would call that a success. The nerve pain I suffered with for almost three years is gone!!! That is a blessing from God.
So, question, Minister St Rose Greaves, when exactly is this government going to table the Children’s Bill in parliament. More than 6 weeks ago Minister Roodal Moonilal claimed that the PNM’s Motion of No Confidence was the reason the Bill couldn’t be tabled. Surely enough weeks have passed….surely our parliament’s time can be taken up debating this Bill rather than listening to Anand and Roodal lie and dishonour the reputation of private citizens and former public servants.
Let me see what I have around to offer as a prize. I have never done this before so I will give it some thought tonight.
And your daddy don't rock and roll
I haven't had the time to personally comment on your blogs here lately, but I am seeing your awesome work....keep it up!! You inspire me...that's for sure! :) I'm so glad many of you are finding encouragement in this weekly challenge!
Microphones placed on a boom arm are also very versatile and are used in both studio and mobile settings. The main advantage is that the IV participants don’t need to be rigged for audio or worry about mics, and the sound operator is in full control. The microphone is usually a shotgun (very directional) mic which can easily be pointed to any speaker (or other sound if required).
What I enjoyed:
Marston’s Oyster Stout – UK – 4.5% ABV
Techniques include paints, inks, stamps, sprays, stencils and painting. All finished off with her array of quote stamps. Bring scissors and adhesive.
I wonder how many homeowners come to grief when they rack an empty 12 gauge and nothing happens? Or when they are unwilling to do the follow through after they rack it?
Here is a step by step of the other fix that seems to be the accepted one, currently on the Apple Community Support Pages (you can see the full article here : https://discussions.apple.com/message/17747030#17747030)
(if already a follower, indicate that in your comment) = 1 point
Once it's yours, bring it with you everywhere you go (this is why I use small notebooks; they can slip right into whatever bag I'm carrying). When you see something gorgeous or weird or funny or frightening or infuriating, write it down in your book. When you dream up a question, write it down. When your kid says something funny, write it down. When you overhear two women talking at the coffee shop about the bachelorette party they went to, write down a snippet of their dialogue. Think of everything as raw material. Some of you already do this and have done it for years. If you have never done it, start to. You can use this same notebook for the exercises I'll be posting here or for your own story/poem/essay ideas. Just don't let it become a place where you jot down to-do lists. Never write things like
So tonight I sit here thinking about the words set before me. I wonder who I am and what I will continue to be throughout the rest of my life. I wonder if I can touch one person or many people? I wonder if I will make a name for myself and not just four peoples Mommy and some strange, sarcastic guys wife. What I do know is that I am me, and I do what's best for my family and what makes me happy. I will wonder about all the unknowns but not worry. Wondering is good but knowing what's right here in front of me is better. Blessings to all of you that you do not define yourself based on your things, your car, your house, your family or lack of any of these. You make you and with God's help and giving him the keys, your path will be written.
Dude. That is older than MY WHOLE COUNTRY.
Menma: Jintan…! You’re bleeding from your nose!
Granted, it doesn’t make everything all right and it doesn’t solve all my problems, but down here, when I’m digging my fingers into dry dirt, taking a second to notice the streaks of brilliant orange as the sun sets, bolsters me. I’m given a small amount of grace, just enough for the next minute. I’m given a taste, a drop, of Heaven, to keep me going. I want to savor it. One day, my weariness will pass, my body will be made whole, and I’ll gain an inheritance of endless sunshine, root beer floats, and a Savior who makes me laugh with delight, with no threat of sorrow. Until then, I’ll take my small smiles where I can get them, as a promise of something better.
Hi Mark and Val,
Ps 89:15,16,17,18 Blessed is the people that know the joyful sound: they shall walk, 0 Lord, in the light of Your countenance. In Your name shall they rejoice all the day: and in Your righteousness shall they be exalted. For You are the glory of their strength: and in Your favor our horn shall be exalted. For the Lord is our defense; and the Holy One of Israel is our king.
Pork (including: shoulder, hocks, chops, leg)
For those stuck on the flesh, good looks don’t bring personal peace, because they inevitably fade away with time. A person who tries to deny that they are getting old and aging by having numerous plastic surgeries is not what I would call peaceful. Following Christ’s teachings to love your neighbor as yourself fosters kindness and compassion. You get in far fewer arguments and disputes. God is good on his word and he will take care of you the way he says he will in the Bible, and second, develop the habit of dumping all your troubles at Jesus’s feet. That’s exactly what he wants you to do.
Okay that's enough of me for now. Time for dinner. I have a few more things to post and then I will be all caught up! Woo hoo!
Finally, I chose some cardstock stickers with appropriate wording & placed on the page along with a couple of smokey coloured gem stones to finish the page!
Hitchens comes across as a brash and rather unapologetic guy who is defending the right to offend people and Shashi Tharoor comes across as the cultivated, educated representative of the upper Indian intelligentsia who is fighting for decency and self restraint. Hitchens, who I and most Objectivists disagree with in regard to his politics, makes a few good points talking mostly about how offence is actually sought out by fundamentalists and how they use it, to great effect, to justify their violent actions. Tharoor, rather weakly responds saying that if one expects a violent outcry then one must in effect censor oneself out of common sense and decency. This logic is something I find ghastly and repellent. Mr.Tharoor is basically saying that if one encounters a violent backlash to what one has written, one must accept that one was simply asking for it. This is exactly the same logic used by our esteemed police personnel in Delhi to explain away the high incidence of rape and sexual assault- the victim is to blame for they brought it upon themselves by acting in a certain way. Tharoor is careful to say that violence is an incorrect response and ought to be punished. But then Hitchens and the moderator point out that it seldom is. Religion is often an impenetrable shield behind which most violent actions are excused by society.
tears that rolled out,
frame new perspectives, cast your light
This helps to explain the false tension today between liturgy is prayer and liturgy as mere structure. Rather, the liturgy calls on us to both
On the whole, though, this is not a cookbook for cooking, it’s a cookbook for reading, and I don’t mind that. It introduced me to some of the specialties and traditions of the area in which I now find myself living, and gave me a few good laughs, and a few good grimaces at the authors’ corny humor. And I’ll definitely pull it out at Christmas when I need to find some more ways to use some of the good Wisconsin butter!
And in Vermont, a Yankee is somebody who eats pie for breakfast.
I have about one day to recover because we close on the new house next Monday and move the following week! Yikes! I wanted to 'check in' and give you a quick update. Once I get into the house, I am sure I will have more posts than you are even interested in reading!!!
A Short Summary of Priyanka Chopra Movies:
Frédérique is what the French call a châtelaine, which is just a fancy way of saying that her home is a château. This one actually. Le Château d'Emalleville, where she lives with her husband and children and horses and dogs.
Here when they sang The Last Goodbye (the new single by David Cook)
Penetrates into ones soul
I wasn’t always this way, of course. For years I refused to try the delicious things, even when my husband would gleefully enjoy oysters at restaurants or events. And then at a summer event at Hidden Bench a few years back, I was standing in the cool, dim light beside a massive riesling tank, watching everyone fervently enjoy freshly shucked oysters and I finally gave in and tried a Malpeque.
that and i fell out of the habit of taking my pic every morning.
Just wanted to tell you all to stay tuned for my
I hope all my friends, customers and blog readers in the US had a great Thanksgiving....and what comes after Thanksgiving.....Black Friday of course!
The Solstice should have been a good one to write about, especially as last year it was –10 degrees C and this year it was +10 degrees C.
Our guest today is historical novelist Pauline Francis; this is what she says about herself on her website:
The one comforting thing is that I don't have the time to murder people or hide their bodies ... though truth be told, any profiler of serial killers will tell you that a 47-year-old white male fits right into that groove.
Friday night, the six-plex condo one house down from ours went up in flames. At 11:45pm, Tish was awakened by screams, yelling, crackling, a whooshing sound, and the sound of firetrucks arriving on our small street. Shortly afterward, she ran around yelling “Oh my God, there’s a fire!” and then she ran out the door, thinking I was behind her. I was not awakened by any of this. I was dead asleep. In my post-marathon exhaustion, I would have slept through a fire.
“The tanker was carrying crude oil to Exxon Mobil Corp’s refinery in Beaumont, Texas, located north of Port Arthur. The waterway, through which tankers carry oil to four refineries in Port Arthur and Beaumont, Texas, remained shut on Saturday night.” Reuters reported.
You really can’t tell the players without a score card anymore.
The 27-year-old entertainer opted for a multi-colored Versus Spring RTW 2012 printed pleated cady mini dress from the Spring 2012 collection that featured a white bodice and a mint green pleated skirt with white, black, and lilac volume print; worn under a large purple Mongolian fur shag cropped vest. The short frock was accessorized with diamond stud earrings and metallic purple and blue Christian Louboutin ‘Echasse’ sandals.
into my day to day scene
For me, today was about taking that first step towards change. Making the commitment to reach my target weight and making a plan to reach it.
John Carter is rated PG-13 for intense sequences of violence and action.
Do not skimp on the quality of your photographer. I have friends who can’t even look at their photos because they hired someone under budget who wasn’t their top choice. We were so thrilled with our photography; it really expresses our style and our feelings for one another.
* You may be happy to know that the clothing crisis has been solved, at least for the time being. A very dear friend has donated to me two large boxes of professional-looking clothes that, along with what I already had, make me look good enough to go to work every day. Jacqueline, you are my angel! I could use a few things to help round out my wardrobe, so I’m watching the sales, but I can manage right now. Whew, that’s such a relief. Who knew looking good enough for your job would be such a stressful thing?
I love to share beer with people. I will give you a beer just to hear your opinion of it. I will give you a beer with hopes that it might sway you to give up Coors. I will even buy you a beer to get you drunk. All you have to do is ask. But it pisses me off when they steal it. That just isn't right. That is a major Party Foul!
Lemington, Bell’s Close and Sugley were adjacent villages which developed in the nineteenth century around the new industries which took advantage of the coal and clay deposits as well as the nearby water transport.
My advice?
I’M DONE WITH THE SURGERY DETAILS – Come back to me!
“Believe me: nobody is as stupid as I look.”
(Or shouldn't they really be called mini blogs if they are truly serious? Or even m blogs? or mogs? (note to self : there you go, being silly again, spoiling what was going to be a really grown up, perceptive post full of carefully thought through insights and....ha, ha, (falls off chair* laughing as per )...
During 2004, the Chairman requested me to have a private meeting with the founder of the Party offering him the position of life-long president. He refused it.
AdriN2001: Something that the world set up a long time ago just for us, just so he and I would come together.
Aaah! Flirting. Everyone woman loves it – when it’s done right. Unfortunately, some men do not know the right ways in which to flirt and to hold a woman’s interest and attraction, b/c they may not fully understand how women communicate much differently from them as men.
There are tasting notes on the form so you know what the beer will be like for your naming process and this makes for a fun game with a group of friends. Easy enough to come up with a name you may think but we sat there for a long time thinking and then checking the names we came up with weren’t already being used by another brewery. Guess that is the problem with being a beer drinker, still we came up with a couple of ideas. So whilst any reader who does do this I wish them all the best but I’m sure my name is the winner. ;)
by Tunde Akinmade
TODAY’S FACTOIDS:
Favorite Scripture story- Noah's Ark
Yeskov’s novel has recently become available in English in a free, online edition. The ploy of giving the novel away is intended to work around the Tolkien estate’s rabid protection of all things Hobbit. It seems to be working.
What you don't see in these photos is my rather perplexed expression after the realisation has dawned that there was a couple not so far away behind us who were not quite as hidden in the long grass as they thought they were, doing some frolicking of an entirely different nature! The expression "get a room" did come to mind. My attention was actually drawn to them in the first place because the guy kept popping his head above the grass to glare at me like I was the freak walking around enjoying the sunshine and getting my photo taken! Yeah, well no shame there buddy.
The easiest way to do this is to lay them out flat in a polythene bag and crush them with a rolling pin, rolling over using a lot of pressure.
1 haul
He’d given her diamonds and pearls
The book is written from the point of view of Peter van Pels, the teenage son of the family in hiding with the Franks. It begins with Peter watching his (entirely fictional) girlfriend Liese and her family being rounded up and driven away. He can only stand in the road in despair. He makes his way reluctantly to the warehouse to join the Frank family - and his first impressions don't exactly fill him with joy... But slowly he adapts to life in the annexe, finds a new strength he didn't know he had, and begins an odd flirtation with livewire Anne.
Something else that you'll notice by looking at the procession in the first photo is that all of the horses are approximately the same size. That's one of the three criteria that the Republican Guard use to select horses from farms in Normandy. The other two are color and age.
with the truth of being unprepared for the upcoming lakeland 50, that's all i have to say right now. either a great experience awaits or one of titanic proportions. i've three weeks to mend things
However, police sources say that police will try not to use excessive force this time around. “The instruction is to use minimal force.”
A gift (or two):
Hellooo..
(2) Not only must the party be given an opportunity to present his case and to adduce evidence tending to establish the rights which he asserts but the tribunal must consider the evidence presented.
Jane has had lots of celebrating going on recently. A beautiful wedding celebration in fact.
Tips for Eyeshadow
Teed loses the booze, along with his dinner, lunch and breakfast, during the flight. He isn't be alone. All but one of the ten passengers is sick, as poor stewardess Maida Malone moves around a cramped DC-3 with "paper cartons at the ready – lids off, all set to be used."
And now just some fun pictures that have been taken over the last few months...
Happy New Year greetings to all my family and friends. I've received so many letters from you all, but as of now I have received no news from my brothers. Please also send me news of Heinrich and Forenski and send them my greetings. The next letter (I write) I will send to uncle and aunt.
After what felt like an eternity in that dungeon, we finally could go home. They would let the radiologist read the ultrasound and then my doctor would call me with the results. We hadnt even made it out of the parking lot when the call came in. The baby's heart had stopped beating almost 4 weeks before.
“Yıllarca durdu kızın yanında. Çocuğu ölünce
Software is admittedly a complex product, and getting everything right is far from easy. But a Boeing 747 is a complex product, too. The software vendors have been getting away with a lot, and perhaps they need some more incentives to do a good job.
Not to worry, No need to fear, right here,
Musician, composer, arranger and record producer (and all round good guy). His first band was with high school chum Ray Charles on piano while played trumpet.
I will admit it. Titles are not my thing at all. I am really bad at them. I need your help. I will be debuting my new mystery series (The Delebs--Dead Celebs) in late November, and I need a title. I'm posting the long synopsis of the book and a book trailer here to give yoou an idea about the book/series. To make it a little more fun, if I pick your title, you will recieve a signed copy of the book and a $40.00 gift card to either amazon or Barnes & Noble (your choice), plus some acknowledgement in the book.
With some effort, I pulled myself away from the front of the store and headed toward the back. Now, McNally's looks deceivingly like every other bookshop in my neck of the woods with one major exception - their quirky way of shelving their novels. I was in the mood for a little Saramago or Duncan and struggled to find them initially, only to discover that they shelve their books by the location of the story. So Saramago, since most of his novels take place in Portugal, can be found on the Italy, Spain, Portugal shelf.
Asking sincerely what you can do to help is fine, when you don't know what you can do that will help. It could be that your 'proactive' help creates more problems than it solves, however well meaning it may be.
15 Rebecca – Daphne Du Maurier*
“In Slovenia fame has the same word as a woman’s name: “Slava.” Old people used to say: “Slava je kurba.” Fame is a bitch, they would say. One day she sleeps with one person and the next day with another. Fame is a cheap trap set by the media in which the complacent are quickly caught and exploited. Those who are caught realize too late that trust and honor do not live in the same house as notoriety.”
I never forget to add salt to pasta water! I added the pasta, which began to float to the top. I guessed at cooking these for about 10 minutes.... I tested one, and it felt like it was properly cooked.
And it's probably 90% of the reason I have a thing for redheads.
St. Mary's Fall Festival
Michelle’s death started me on a journey to find out the meaning of life. To discover who God is, or better yet, even if He existed at all.
Others suggested that to follow natures indiscretions with a moral compass calibrated to human sensibilities was ludicrous. This, in their mind, was a behavior to be admired in a undersized competitor fighting for it's very survival in a dog eat dog world.
Jobs was often manipulating and possessed a dangerous charm in order go get his way.
As I grew up, her love and support never ceased. She was the one person in my family to stand by me when times got tough - even when I was the reason they were tough. She always told me what she thought, and she never pulled any punches, but she always tempered it with love. She was a gift, a treasure.
Serena Williams should historically be known as a great tennis champion, but more likely she’s historically going to be known as the greatest black tennis champion. When she handily beat Lindsey Davenport 500 times, the headline every time could be “Serena Gives Lindsey a Whipping”, but I wonder if the opposite would have been acceptable. Can a white tennis player (the majority) be said to have whipped a black one?
Then we met Toby's uncle at a dessert place and I had some doufuhua which is a traditional chinese dessert with silken tofu on the bottom, sweet syrup on top. You can choose different flavours, I got a mango one with mango puree and mango chunks. It was so sweet and filling after my small yum cha lunch. Many chinese desserts are thankfully naturally vegan and gluten free!
“The second group we will also attack soon are Punch, Daily Sun, Vanguard, Guardian, Nation, Tribune, and National Accord, which are all newspaper houses.
We are one year married on Friday. I've tried not to be smug for the last year, but even the constant question of "when are you having a baby?" hasn't stopped me. I've been asked it on this bus. Everyone is so very concerned with filling up this world of killing rampages and phone hacking. I swear all there is for them is X Factor and procreation. We'll keep at it (so to speak) but if there is to be no baby for Rosie and I that will be alright too. Partly because it will have to be, but mostly because it will.
Ambitious? Yes! But with new “friends” of this project coming forward every day – consider yourself invited! – it just might be achievable.
I'm really keeping all my fingers and toes crossed this time. Yes I'm not ashamed to admit that this is my 4th time trying. The song "Keep trying you'll get it right" by Yo Gabba Gabba keeps popping in my head while I got my hands dirty. Thank you son! I guess mommy learned something from your silly show.
“Yes. Distract. Got it.” Bertie was all dopey smiles and hazed-out looks. His mind was awash with happy thoughts of triumph and glory and legend. And food. Lots of delicious food.
by Edmund Schluessel
15 min Saccharification Heat to 154.0 F over 5 min 154.0 F
One of the other things of note today, a robin feeding on sumac.
LOL is an upcoming Comedy French movie. It is directed by Lisa Azuelos and starring Sophie Marceau, Christa Theret, and Jérémy Kapone. And Written by Azuelos and Delgado Nans.LOL is also known as Laughing Out Loud.her friends, boyfriends, her divorced parents, drugs, and sexuality. LOL is a remake of the 2008 French film of the same name.
What can I say? April turned into a bit of a shambles and I’m glad it’s over with! Looking forward to starting afresh and getting back on track – and posting more – in May.
in times of trouble you will
Thinking off the top of my head would be increasing the barriers of entry when it comes to trading resources. Why wait until gross human rights abuse to start sanctioning the oil trade of an autocracy? A high standard of accountability and transparency should be the norms before you toss your barrels out to sea, before the firms that are private or state use their technology to begin extraction on foreign soil or offshore. Are we really so needy for the black stuff at a time where we are definitely not at peak oil, and we are getting more and more use out of extraction sites than ever before? Raising the barriers of entry, and making transparency the norm would make newly resource rich nations like Uganda and Angola think twice about corruption. Chances are, until they get their operation off the ground, they are more likely to need and accept conditional loans (that call for certain freedoms, and developmental goals, blah blah). In the event a state meets all of its requirements to enter the market, the increased capital is a very nice incentive to remain transparent, at least in the oil trade. The international community should be more than capable of enforcement, as developing nations often lack the technological prowess to make continued oil exploration and extraction an economical decision – assistance is often needed to turn a profit.
82. Bought a brand new car
5) Leap on off and go north and east liek direction towards the cave. You'll need to go inside and navigate through this cave. I recommend going to the map section now and opening the Beacom maps in new tabs/windows so there's less hassle.
What could we do but pack up the beach chairs, a bucket for some rocks, stop by and pick up Colleen and head to the beach for the afternoon?
Darfield
Wait! Give me a chance to explain before you go! I dropped my coverage after having Megan, figuring I would pick it back up after we were "caught up." The kids are covered, of course, and Jason has a policy through his work, which is a relief because there's a history of heart disease in his family. And well, you know I'm adopted, so guess what? That means I HAVE NO FAMILY HISTORY OF HEART DISEASE OR CANCER. Also, everyone knows Asian people are inherently healthy and live to the ripe old age of 100.
Seems to me that we want to focus, as best we can, on the experiences of the heroes of the original Holy Week—primarily, of course, our Lord Himself.
HUGE THANKS TO ALL OF THE CAMERA-CRITTERS PARTICIPANTS FOR MAKING CC SUCH A SUCCESSFUL MEME.
While writing yesterday’s post on taking my home-made pickles to a retirement party, I realized I started this blog off writing about Home Canning and haven’t posted many of my recipes for homemade pickles. So, I’ll share a bread and butter pickle recipe, dilled green beans, and a hot, pickled okra recipe.
I found the door to be free of blockage and ran for a stall. I settled on the first open door and began my germ blockage regimen. When I bent to place the ass gasket on the stool I noticed something on the floor not quite in my stall. I looked a bit closer and realized it was 3 small child sized turds on the floor. YES, I said TURDS as in more than one on the FLOOR. I ran for another stall and finally found one open and was able to find one that was turdless.
emulate their mannequins
someone there was no photography allowed.
I finally got to make his cake quite a few days after his actual birthday and he didn't have a party in the end :-( He did however love his fishing cake complete with his dog ted in the back of the boat and he got enough birthday money to buy a really good BMX bike that he wanted.
Some of them are seen to have been beneficial, e.g., the Emancipation Proclamation. Others are viewed benignly as a president's need to do a good thing in the face of congressional resistance or inaction. Others are seen as acts of good intention that, when shown to have failed, were not rescinded (many New Deal executive orders and Nixon's price controls, properly enacted laws that executive orders caused not to be enforced, and especially many military actions not authorized or approved by Congress, etc.). More often than not, executive actions have been an act of expedience by fiat by the president simply to do his will. Obama has issued Exec. Order 13603 that authorizes dictatorial power to essentially take over the economy. Powell voices fear that Obama could declare an emergency in order to activate this order and might do so in an electoral ploy.(Powell reports that the state of emergency declared in
Another long post but one I had to write in order to reply effectively to your good self. Sometimes it's not possible to write a few words to explain a situation. I always do in order to not leave out any important facts. That's why my posts are long.
But others come to Italy to stay. They set down roots and become part of the local colourful scenery. They are looked upon kindly by neighbours especially with regard to food and fashion and child-rearing (Oh but how can they know? They are foreigners!) Or they are regarded with deep and unfeeling suspicion. I know that when I moved here with my mixed children and mud-splattered car and unruly red hair and, every so often, a wild summer party, my neighbours decided that I was a hippie and a drug addict (WHAAT? HIPPIES DON'T WEAR DIOR). It was even whispered at my kids' school that I had had my four children with four different fathers. Can you imagine dealing with four exes?? Pluh-eeze.
We will pick what we think are the Top 5 cards and we will also pick one card to be the Winner!
Berimbrown is an internationally acclaimed Brazilian Congo pop band. The name of the group references the berimbau, the Afro-Brazilian musical bow associated with capoeira, the Afro-Brazilian martial art-dance-game, and James Brown, the African-American soul musician. The band’s sound demonstrates the cultural dynamism of how music from the African Diaspora grew into the sounds of the Latin American music in the present day. It is also reflective of the vibrancy and cultural dynamism taking place in Minas Gerais, Brazil through the effort of groups like Berimbrown.
3 cups mashed potatoes
The Fighter works as uproarious glance at the type of familial love that is linked directly to familial dysfunction, it also works as a spritely boxing tale, and it may work best as an exploration of the socio-economic and psychological restraints, burdens and inherent contradictions brought on when one is part of a blue collar, stay-at-home, urban culture. (Really.) The Fighter is wonderfully ambivalent about it all, a movie both crackling and kinetic, yet brushed with deserved pathos. It’s obvious, that David O. Russell, like Darren Aronofsky, is currently working on all cylinders, thus the devout and ever hopeful faithful filmgoer should be already brimming with anticipation over their respective next movie moves.
had an audience with Howard Thurston who at that time along with Houdini
The sun and the rain
I don’t think I could. I’m not big enough. An entire movement isn’t big enough. Changing the law won’t fix the problem. Even if the message is true, it can’t save everybody. Yeah, there are still slaves in this country. There are still women being oppressed. There are still men who don’t think they’re good enough. There are still babies dying.
Stamps: Flower Fusion and Happy Birthday Inside and Out
Vacancy rates continued to be high as newer buildings came on the market. A particularly bad year for landlords was 1962, when depressed house prices helped keep rents low and the vacancy rate went to five percent (two percent is usually considered ideal).
Writer, of course! Although choclatier sounds quite tempting too.
Little known fact, there are 2 Z Pizza locations in Houston, one of which is located in the IAH airport. So, grab a bit out of Terminal C before you board that plane. Even if you aren't gluten sensitive, they have some pretty yummy creations that worth a try.
"Did you spoil yourself with a sauna today?" She repeated. "That's always my reward for working out."
In the course of a year with Mr. Geiger, I can remember 3 words of wisdom that he freely offered even as they extended beyond the study of geology.
The card fronts are 7.5cm square, so they're very quick to do & don't need a lot of supplies to look cute. All the watercoloured images are stamped on watercolour paper & decorated with punched or die cut shapes & some DSP (more Patterns & Everyday Enchantment SAB paper) or card.
This is a list of events (I think.) What it's not is a sense of what's at stake for Addy. She loses the case. So what? She's not going to get disbarred, lose her house, lose her life is she? No. So what's at stake for her?
They continued further south until they were about one-hundred yards from the train station and about fifty yards from the two churches across the street from each other. Chris steered Ann to their right, the side of the street opposite the ominous Presbyterian church where suspicious men were in front of earlier that night.
We went there the following Sunday, looked at another couple of houses in the area on show. Then, just to rub salt in the wound, we drove past The One. As we got out of the car a fish eagle called in the sky above.
When my brain caught up and I realized what I had done, I decided to throw it all together and make a creamy chicken noodle soup. I hate wasted effort almost as much as I hate wasted ingredients. The results were wonderful, and per my future son-in-law's request, I wrote everything down so I could make it exactly the same way the next time. ;o)
It is wise to inspection the attender make of the cartridge that you contrive to buy.
The other man hit young Mr. Kobayashi in the head hard enough to cause internal bleeding and, ultimately, his death five days later.
What would it cost the ‘Devil,’ or the following companies to be called ethical on some coo coo list?
Though when I met Julie Downing, the American artist for A First Bible Story Book (Dorling Kindersley) she told me that the stories were all new to her, apart from the very well-known ones, like Adam and Eve and Noah's Ark. And that's a very good reason for re-telling any story, if it's fading from general knowledge. (After I met Julie in San Francisco, she told a friend "I had coffee with the person who wrote the Bible - and it was a woman!")
Smarts: B+ (3 points)
It's a tough life when you're an almost-five-year-old your only real worry in life is about which Hot Wheels cars to pluck from the toy bin today, or which nose to stick on Mr. Potato Head.
Most dioceses and/or parishes require some kind of catechist training before they can teach a class each year. By providing assistance and training to all catechists before CCD starts it will prepare the catechist so they can be an effective teacher. Certified catechist should also participate in the training because no catechist can know everything and they could also benefit from new ideas and activities. The veteran catechist can also be informed of new CCD policies and rules that have been introduced as well as any other pertinent information regarding CCD.
One of the biggest problems I see in people is that they just don’t like themselves. Then they wonder why they have so much problem getting people to like them for any length of time.
To just a few feet from us.
TMI - too much incompetence
Third, he was good at using another’s empathy. Although anger was his primary temper for controlling others, he was excelled in shifting his emotional expressions from extreme angry to extreme sadness, automatically or voluntarily. Suddenly, he appeared to be a helpless and sad person, needing immediately to be babied by others, arousing his victims’ empathy right away (This shift is part of his performance, different from the emotional instability as observed in borderline personality disorders).
special, bejeweled and scorned, born to be treated
So we attributed our semi-slow service
that we
And now onto my jam! A jam is made when fruit, sugar and acid are heated together. First off, all fruits contain natural pectin, but some, like strawberries, do not contain enough natural pectin to gel (to form a jam consistency). When you cut the fruit and heat it, pectin molecules are released. The sugar added helps to bind the liquid from the fruit to the pectin molecules, bringing them closer to one another. When the mixture is brought to a rolling boil, some of that excess liquid is then boiled away, encouraging greater binding between the liquid and pectin, creating a more concentrated mixture. The acid added, in the form of lemon juice does 2 things: it helps with the pectin and it also neutralizes any 'charge' that the pectin molecules might have, encouraging closer binds between pectin and liquid once again. And that's about all there is to making jam really! If you are keen to find out more about jams, there is lots of good information floating about the net, and a good place to start is Food in Jars (she cans all kinds of things) as well as this site where I got a headstart on.
~3-4 cloves garlic
5) ED Texas - 1.79
Hello, it's a gorgeous day here and the dog is staring at me because he thinks we're going for a walk. We are not. At least, not right now.
“J” – Only for use with friends who are named “Jay”.
What are they like then? Well they are like pickled eggs I suppose. Vinegary eggs. Like a nastier version of boiled eggs. Like someone thought “How can I take a nice boiled egg and make it nasty, I know, vinegar” They really are quite rank. The first bite of vinegary egg wasn’t that bad. It was as if my mind was trying to decide whether I liked it or not. The second, my mind had been made up. Ewww, not good.
Ronan opened the door. Jack tossed and turned in his bed, the sheets and blankets tangled around his legs. Fortunatus’ bed lay empty and Zephyr slept on the bedside table with a little, white wash-cloth covering her. The cloth glowed in the dark room, rising and falling with each breath of the little wiznit. Ronan stepped towards Jack to wake him up.
… let’s go inside.
Another major hurdle was sharing information. Even if a ship had sufficient computer power to quickly plot aerial targets, and provide vectors to intercept or cueing to fire control systems, unless that information could be shared across an entire task force (or at a minimum, across the with the fleet flagship and the primary anti-air platforms), there was still a very good chance that intruders could slip through. For instance, while each anti-air escort would still be responsible for its own “slice of the pie” sector, attacking aircraft were often inconsiderate enough to cross from one sector to another. Handing off the track from one escort to another in the age of paper plots was time consuming, and without an automated system, the chance of overlooking a handoff was quite high. In fleet air defense exercises in the early 1950s, as many as a quarter of all contacts were not tracked. And of the contacts tracked, as many as a quarter of those contacts were never assigned an interceptor or handed off to onboard weapons for engagement. Giving the enemy a free shot for almost half of its attacking force was simply unacceptable. Again, without an automated system to monitor all the contacts, the task force air defense could quickly be overwhelmed.
Prepare a frying pan and fill it halfway with vegetable oil.
When I got home from the meeting, I found out that our refrigerator had died - but not before giving Handsome cause for concern over some serious smoke smells. Lucky someone was home because it was getting worse until he finally shut down the electricity to it. Looks like we're in for a change. I'll tell you all about it soon. (I hate that fridge!)
However, is Dahl’s writing truly racist, or merely a sign of the times? The book came out in 1972, when attitudes were much different. Is that like saying slavery was okay in the 1700s because it was a ‘sign of the times’, or is racism racism no matter when it was released?
Maybe, later, we will be the kind of friends that I want to be. But maybe all I'll have are a few precious memories. And I'll be okay with that, either way. There is a difference between losing and letting go.
Check this out: a ¼ cup serving provides:
I got baptised during a Sunday evening service a few weeks after the Lock In, and attended church all the time: Sunday school, Sunday morning service, Sunday evening service, Wednesday evening youth fellowship, and Wednesday evening service. My mother dutifully drove me to and from, but never joined me. I even worked as a junior counselor at Vacation Bible School that summer, earning $150 for an entire summer's worth of work. My Pentecostal relatives were relieved that I'd chosen a different path than my wayward father, even if it was with the Southern Baptists rather than their much more conservative (if you can even imagine) church.
The negative side - I still have a lot of oven cleaning to do, and it may be all for naught because the oven may be dead...and that means there will be no baking at Casa de Crazy for a very long time because I have no way to replace it and I don't think Bread Baking Incidents are covered on the homeowner's policy. Also, the house smells just like you'd think the scorched innards of an oven covered in burnt sugar/butter/possibly Jimmy Hoffa's remains would smell.
He smiled and flipped through the pages in the folder he brought with him. I leaned forward, trying to sneak a peak. He closed the cover a little and stared at me until I sat back. He took a second. He was getting the words ready.
As another school year comes to an end, it’s a good time to look back and take a pulse on where the year has taken us with helping to stop bullying. This year, there have continued to be many stories making headlines this year and some maybe changing the landscape for how bullying will be handled.
Some religious marriages, might not meet the criteria of what we probably agree civil marriage should look like. To enter into civil marriage, both parties should have attained the age of majority -- you should be old enough to vote and enter the military before you are old enough to decide if you are ready for marriage, in my opinion -- and have entered into the arrangement of their own free will. So those religions that approve of the marriage of girls that just got their first period to much older men, first cousins, and men being allowed to marry many women and girls (FLDS, we're looking at you) could not qualify for civil marriage.
Papers - MME Lost and Found 'Blush'.
Pencil - Intelligence/Scholarly
According to an insider, MOE sends its officials to the major cities of China annually to recruit bright college students with good academic results to study in Singapore. Not only is their education entirely free and paid for by a mixture of government grants and sponsorship from the private sector, they are also entitled to a generous living and housing allowance.
And stamped the birthday sentiment from the Fiskars birthday sentiment collection stamp set.....
Just for the sake of it she did pick one pirate Tilda too! :) Auw, she is such a darling.
For some non-interactive e-tutorials or e-pictorials you are sent a DVD or CD containing the .PDF e-tutorial or e-pictorial slideshow file. You then open it on your computer using software that will open the type of file format you have purchased.
Every one in pretty Spring Colours :o)
as I’m dying to taste your lips
Grace considers leaving her beloved farm and reenlisting rather than continuing to live near the man she loves but cannot have. Levi must confront the Bann if he pursues Grace. And a murderer must be caught. When lifelong allegiances are tested, can love and justice prevail?
his mate long gone
The thing is, I’m not out for glory and fame. I am surrounded by peers who probably can’t even read. The general audience I’m targeting prefers movies to books any day. Here’s the catch: teens also like to read things other teens have. A book, written by a teen herself? Put yourself in my shoes. I know I would personally go to the store and pay money to check out what this girl has to offer.
Will post a few of the supplies I used, below.
So, in writing this I'm making no special claim of privilege. Hundreds of thousands of others could do the same if they took the time. What I hope this reveals is my take on this multi-dimensional beast we call Power Pop. Some of it could resonate with your own experiences, or may seem quite alien. Generational differences could loom large for some, while for others they are transcended.
The Bloomberg administration has made getting rid of inadequate teachers a linchpin of its efforts to improve city schools. But in the two years since the Education Department began an intensive effort to root out such teachers from the more than 55,000 who have tenure, officials have managed to fire only three for incompetence.
(Sponsor Prize Awarding is March 15th.)
a mind of darkness
I don't need to collect hearts anymore. I'm filled. I'm fortunate.
The Incredible Shrinking Man by Richard Matheson
Spin chair!
Boss: Hey Coworker 2, don’t you have the key, too?
I put the slilverware and straws in a small canning jar to keep them more contained and cleaner.
Here's a sneak peak for you from the May KOM from Unity. I get sooooooooooooo excited when I have a stamp featured as a sneak peak! eeeeeeeeeek! LOL!
I've heard all the tired excuses. "Lol, it's the internet!" "Someone call the WAAHmbulance!" "It's not real life!" "She broke the rules - she was asking for it!" Sure, it IS the internet. Sure, the people who are saying these things are usually cities or states or countries away from the people they're about. And sure, someone who would get upset that people they have never met and probably never will don't like them must have a pretty thin skin. However, you can never know what underlying, deep-seated problems a person might have, and you never know what could set off a relapse or be "triggering" (as wary as I am to use that word, with all of the negative connotations this exact situation has created for it). Things have happened to me and those who are close to me that make me uncomfortable about rape jokes, and that is a hard battle to fight when the entire world seems to think it's peachy keen to talk about "Superman-ing a ho." It gets even harder when my friends or the people whose opinion I care about make those jokes. The same could be said about people fighting eating disorders: if she's already in a fragile mindset about her appearance and then she sees that someone said "lolz fatty put down the cheeseburger" on some wank community, do you think it matters who the poster was? No. All that matters is that when she was trying to fit in and follow along and do something right, the very people she thought would accept her want to spit in her face too.
PS. One of my favourite features in this video is the newspaper dress she wears in the opening scene and the projected headlines floating over her and the white wall. Just perfect…O YES, AND Perez Hilton makes an appearance as a man-dog of sorts. The caricature of the media/journalists and ‘Cox’ news is just hilarious!! If you don’t get it, please get on the bus! Rihanna’s showing some FOX-y attitude. Lol!! Take that FOX – maybe now you’ll recognise art.
Romy is doing okay now. She still seems to get uncomfortable. She is HAPPY to report that her feeding tube is out...not before she pulled it out, and I had to put it back in of course...but it is gone for good, and she LOVES her food. We have to use a product to thicken all of her liquids, but she isn't complaining. :)
The Grade 1-listed barn was recently rescued by English Heritage and is run by the Friends of the Great Barn at Harmondsworth who have been looking after the building since 2006. It is open and free to visit throughout this summer on the second and forth Sundays each month 10:00 – 17:00.
Lord Howe is a spectacularly beautiful island, off the mainland of Australia. It’s one of only four island groups in the world possessing World Heritage status and is packed with rare plants, birdlife and marine creatures.
A current thread on a scrapping board I read wants to know why so many local scrapbooking stores are closing. The posts before mine named all the usual suspects, mostly the Internet. So, I wrote this:
Schnorr TM, Lawson CC, Whelan EA, Dankovic DA, Deddens JA, Piacitelli, Reefhuis J, Sweeney MH, Connally LB, Fingerhut MA. Spontaneous abortion, sex ratio, and paternal occupational exposure to 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin. Environ Health Perspect 2001; 109: 1127-1132.
"And what about you then - what are you up to?"
The right side has some photo collages that I created when printing my photos....I'm loving this way of adding extra photos onto my pages. I know you can use several apps on the iphone to do this, and can also use layered templates in Photoshop, but I tend to forget until I'm actually printing :) I also find it easier!
“Wow.” Ian says, but the word barely makes a sound. One of his hands slides out of his pocket and hovers shyly between us. “May I?”
Children especially, will be interested in knowing what is going on.
(Note: the Better Business Bureau is totally useless as a source to detemine the legitimacy of agents or publishers. The BBB was still listing the Deering literary agency and publishing house as "legit" the day Dorothy and Charles were led away in handcuffs.)
Level 10: MP Cost: 10, Damage: 290%, Attacks up to 5 enemies.
13. The Reuben S. Fleet Science Center
As a mixed blessing, the anime episodes are set in stone as far as time goes. You always know just how much time each episode will take to finish. Good if you’re pressed for time, but you’re at the mercy of the director’s episodic pacing.
When Shannon went into the building, it was possibly the best thing she could have done. It takes her out of the alley and eliminates the van as a possible threat. If she stayed in the alleyway, there wasn’t too much for her to do and allowed the van to easily overtake her. With being in the building, it gives Shannon some options. She can run through the building and exit out on the other side, or she could do something inside the building, such as hide. Since there is an internal stairwell, that is another option available to her. All she needs to do is figure out what to do.
And your neighbor Mark.
It was the moment of truth, the final exam, and I desperately needed my blood sugar to cooperate. I usually run with my snacks in my fuel belt and pull them out when I need them, but I clutched my roll of glucose tablets in my left hand the whole way. It gave me a strange sort of comfort to hold that tube of fast-acting glucose tablets, 10 of them at 4 carbs a pop.
Mary Gates Hall Commons, 2-5pm
You need to be registered/logged in with Wordpress to leave a comment - or you can leave a comment here.
“If ye have heard of the dispensation of the grace of God which is given me to you-ward: how that by revelation he made known unto me the mystery…which in other ages was not made known unto the sons of men.”
CANBUS
Coming in at 5th place is... 'Up the Duff' by Kaz Cooke
Edmondson: Well that’s exactly right, that’s what we do. It’s not that we don’t enjoy making them and performing, but I think the writing process is when we laugh more than any other time. We laugh at our own jokes endlessly, you know what I mean? They’re fantastic times, it’s when the jokes are born, really. So we hear them for the first time.
So she can keep on talkin' about her diamond ring,
I had grand plans for my humble abode. One of which included stuccoing my house with peppermint candies. Crafting with my hands lately have really helped with my anxiety. Watching the stucco pattern come together today really eased some tension I was feeling. Odd I know...
MT: You have over 20,000 likes on your Facebook page and over 12,000 followers on Twitter; do you find social media is a good way to connect with your fans?
I very rarely am motivated to do anything beyond my small circle, but I will be sending this post to my Member of Parliament asking him to start a meaningful conversation on how we can make sure no child grows up with the pain and fear and confusion of being unloved. To me, that is a conversation I would be willing to spend my tax dollars on.
We also did a lot of tubing.
I’m so honored to be Krysta and William’s mommy. It’s truly the most amazing experience any girl could dream of. Through their eyes I’ve grown and learned so much about myself, I see the person that I want to be. Because of them, I’m a better me.
I Hope everyone is having a lovely week!
Weird thing to happen on a Wednesday night, no?
3) Therefore, women should just get over it and participate! Problem solved.
My friend Len Barnhart is working on a fourth installment to his Reign of the dead franchise! I'm so giddy about this! If you haven't read his work, please check it out! You won't be disappointed.
"Stephen Fry has always loved America, in fact he came very close to being born there. Here, his fascination for the country and its people sees him embarking on an epic journey across America, visiting each of its 50 states to discover how such a huge diversity of people, cultures, languages, beliefs and landscapes combine to create such a remarkable nation." Obviously being a fan of the great Fry this went down very well. The book to accompany the TV series, it consists of short chapters covering highlights of his time in each state, mostly visits to just one or two towns or attractions. In the case of Delaware, he just drove through and didn't really see anything, and Ohio missed out too, but most of the time there was at least something that drew his attention. Very light reading.
Wrapping it up - So we can see that cognitive dissonance is a major player in enforcing our stereotypes. The glass slipper effect helps us learn that these effects are taught to us at a very young age (through story-telling and media). Once a construct of the “female stereotype” becomes solid, our brains work to keep it in tact. Why do we work so hard to keep this information intact? A lot of people say it’s easier to call someone else wrong than to change your own mind. It’s actually very true. We are all cognitive misers, according to social psychologist Elliot Aronson. What Dr. Aronson is referring to is that changing our constructs is a very effortful task. It is actually easier for our brains to dismiss information than allow conflicting ideas to be resolved. Having to create new constructs and alter old ones can be pretty hard for some people. Older populations, or those of us who are not very open to new experiences, have a very hard time changing our minds about things once we’ve made an initial decision.
Now the second book is Harry’s second year. I find the book interesting as you start to see more secrets come out about Harry. For one he can talk to snakes but that is a something the dark lord can do. So why would he have this sort of power? (of course we already know the answer to that). I really though think the foreshadowing is really well down. I love when authors are able to do that. You catch some but not all.
What Sharrow Bay actually did was reinvent old dish,breathing new life into it by coining a zippy new name 'Icky Sticky toffee pudding',thus bringing it back to popularity.They marketed it successfully and established a trend.
Everyone from Leo Kottke to Roxy Music to Hüsker Dü to Golden Earring has covered "Eight Miles High." Some of the cover versions are very good, but let's not kid ourselves -- you can't improve on perfection.
brown sausage with onions. set aside in a large bowl. in same pan, cook eggs. salt & pepper to taste. put into bowl with sausage. add hash browns, cheese, and green chiles. mix until all combined. soften tortillas in microwave. fill tortillas with desired amount of deliciousness, roll burrito style, and wrap in plastic wrap or eat immediately. heat frozen burritos 2 minutes in the microwave. top with all your favorites!
Today was a great day! We finally got to meet the very talented man, John Arford, whose boxes, carriers and benches we have carried for years. I know many of you have them in your homes because we have purchased a lot of them! This was the lead I told you about yesterday. Previously we have only purchased his items through other dealers but finally we were given information on his whereabouts and his personal phone number.
Looks like Treasury has won in its bid to have its dealings with NAMA subjected to a judicial review. That being the case, it will be bad news for NAMA and we may indeed see the constitutionality of some of NAMA’s actions tested.
Does drinking water before receiving Holy Communion break the fast? (No)
The one thing Tony really wanted to do was go to the Dolphins game. Tony eventually convinced me that we should go and I am definitely glad he did. The Dolphins were playing in the Monday Night Football matchup against the Patriots at Sun Life Stadium.
"Grandpa, you don't have to close the door if you are just peeing."
This year’s haul includes all the usual suspects: basil, rosemary, thyme, parsley, sage, oregano, and a couple of delectable surprises--chervil, fennel, lemon verbena. Most of them have made it into actual pots or troughs, but we need to drag a second big black tub out of the garage and onto the back deck to accommodate the rest. Perhaps that will happen tomorrow; perhaps not. Here is tub number 1, with a new oregano lording over last year’s repeater, three-year-old chives about to blossom, rosemary, marjoram, and fennel:
Baking soda – 1/4 teaspoon
So when the crew behind the scenes at Freelancer Unplugged put me forward as a speaker on the panel at the Written Worlds event, I thought I was going to hyperventilate. I truly said to myself, “But Im not a writer!”. But what am I doing now? Writing about it.
And now, here we are again... going through the ringer with Connor. Atleast this time we are much better prepared and knowledgable about his condition. We're prepared to deal with it, atleast from a textbook standpoint.
Janelle
This one was more of run, burn the shoulders for a second, and run again. My least favorite thing. And it was even sweeter that the smell of Dairy Queen was wafting in my mouth and nose as I was scooting along my 400m. Gross. This WOD sucked the life out of me and it was necessary to fall to the ground after the last push press rep was done at 15:56.
and a small dark figure darts into the shadows. A bit
It may have had something to do with the chick who DIED after swimming in the water from some form of fungal meningitis.
Troy: Well, I was trying to quit, but I was trying on my own. Then one day, my girlfriend (at the time) found it on my computer. She was hurt and angry, and I had nothing to say. It was almost a sense of freedom when she found it, because it was no longer a secret. I felt that I was free to go get help. I went to talk to my youth pastor who hooked me up with XXX church.com and software filters. We formed a small accountability group and committed to support each other. I also read Every Man's Battle: Winning the War on Sexual Temptation One Victory at a Time (The Every Man Series) and just ate it up. (It was the first book I ever read all the way through!) From that book, I picked up the tips of bouncing my eyes. Also, since I lived alone, I had friends put restrictions and different passwords on my computer. When you get addicted to that kind of stuff, you can pick your own way of love and you can pick who loves you back. There’s nothing real about it.
For some reason, the husband rarely attempted to interpose his veto. Perhaps he was intimidated by Gaga’s status and wealth, or maybe he was flattered by her interest in his spouse. Whatever the whyfores and wherefores, his wife spent more time in her boss’s bed than his own.
14. Uvhalo the tribute by 5th Extension (prod. by Lyrical T.I.P)
A year or so later, I was teaching in a different school when I learned that Chad had been killed in a car accident. I felt badly but oddly good at the same time because, somehow, Chad and I had found a way to respect each other.
until we were at the same apex, and we sat still for a couple of minutes
The disasters that LoveMachine wreaks in OZ have devastating—and even deadly—consequences in the real world. Once OZ turns upside down, the film grabs you and doesn’t let go until the edge-of-your-seat conclusion.
Yet, there are always ponies grazing – even during my current year serving as a substitute in the city’s high schools. There was the random conversation with a kid who out-of-the-blue tells you he likes to write poetry, but that I shouldn’t tell anyone that; the girl who confides that her mother and her teenage-mom-of-two sister set a horrible example, but that she is trying to make sure she “doesn’t end up like them two”.
I think what hurts the most in this journey of hoping and helping my kiddo’s heal is EXPECTATIONS. Expectations people, family members, community put on them to “hurry up and get better”, “Get over it”, “Change”, “adapt”, “Heal”…and my personal favorite “be normal”.
The bottom line is that Bob has ignored the new essays that Michael Forrest and I have written that further expose what Bishop Rhoades himself calls Bob's "slanderous and erroneous" attacks and accusations against His Excellency (links below). Bishop Rhoades has also rightly described Bob's attacks on the Jewish people as "hostile, uncharitable and un-christian." This was no mere “personal difference”.
At the very end of our Morning Meeting routine, I will have the students grab their bookmarks and tell me how many stars they earned, from 0-3. Any student who has 2 or 3 stars gets a short cheer from us :)
How do you see yourself as a band in comparison to others inside and outside of Hongdae? Do you feel that you are getting bigger or do you still feel just the same?
anCnoc 12 (Knockdhu Distillery), 43% abv ($27)
The Astronomer by Johannes Vermeer (c. 1668)
When we pulled into our driveway at home that afternoon, Matthew laid Betsy to rest so abruptly that I was shocked: instead of going left into the van's usual designated parking space, he purposefully drove right up the middle, partially in the van's space and partly in Betsy's.
Pileys newsround provides all the latest gossip on the hot dog eating championships a few days earlier, and the Morrissey conga is showing no signs of letting up!
Rest in Peace Gabriel
This award is for anyone with fewer than 200 followers. :)
Mr. A and I are fast approaching our 7th Wedding Anniversary and 16th Anniversary as a couple… Panic has begun to set in as to what gift to get to demonstrate my ongoing love and commitment to the lovely man I met and married…
Hello and welcome back to another Skipping Stones Sketch Tuesday! I neglected to post my card last week (it’s cold season, boo…) but I can’t wait to share the simple little number I whipped up with our fabulous sketch this week!
"For people who have iPhones who are there for the early session, there's going to be some very special VIP privileges they will be able to get, using their iPhones," Brian says.
Looking down, I could see that my genitals were already beginning to swell to the size of a pineapple. I needed this conflict to end immediately so I could seek medical attention.
The complicated relationship of grace and works is not something that Willard speaks a lot on, but he does make some valuable observations. His primary response in regards to grace is that “It is opposed to earning, not to effort” (34). The biggest problem with questions of grace and works is when the questioner is simply trying to justify sin through a watered down doctrine in which a person enjoys “forgiveness at Jesus’s expense” and wants “nothing more to do with him”(13). In such a precept, Christ would not be the driving force of a person’s life, but the force of a false understanding that it doesn’t matter what a person does as long as they say they believe Jesus exists, died, and rose again. This is, of course, what they say not what they do which is an important distinction. Certainly, “justification is not something separable from regeneration” since “regeneration naturally moves into sanctification and glorification”(62). Hating Jesus with all actions and spitting on his cross daily does not amount to salvation by grace. This is why abiding in Christ’s words are so important, especially for the new believer (John 8:30-31). Willard aptly observes that “you will consume much more grace by leading a holy life than you will by sinning, because every holy act you do will have to be upheld by the grace of God”(62).
Fortunately it’s located at #1 Taiyuan Lu , right in the heart of the former French Concession, and a short bike ride from my house.
The Tahitian pearls shown above (now sold) from Kojima Company are those natural colours: the oysters made this sumptuous assortment. Besides the lush chocolate, I saw glints of pistachio, khaki and aubergine. Very different from treated or dyed pearls, full of organic life.
What do you think was the most memorable moment about this midterm election? What was most compelling? Or the funniest? Or the most bizarre? What sorts of implications does a divided congress have on President Obama’s attempt at re-election in 2012? How will these results affect the Tea Party’s impact and influence? In California, the people voted down the legalization of marijuana. What went wrong with Prop 19?
i have a few girls that i met online at tallyscrapper.com waaaaaaay back in 2005. the site has changed in many, many ways and people have come and gone including us. but thanks to this site, i met two really great girls that i have gotten to meet in real life and scrap with. we have watched each other move, break up, love again, move, become a grandma, hurt, appreciate, divorce, have children, adopt doggies...i could go on and on. when i left the site, my scrapping left with it. *enter the reason for all this background info* SO...ashley, minda, shannon and myself are now scrapping together again in our own little corner of the world and it feels good. kind of like home again.
Much better. Incidentally, Chris made this headboard for me as a wedding gift way back when, so it seems appropriate that we use it in our master bedroom.
Mumbai coach Robin Singh had earlier said that Sachin’s absence would not hurt the team much and it may be an opportunity for others to prove their mettle shoulld the batting maestro fail to regain full fitness in time.
Ms Booth was asked how Mr and Mrs Blair had reacted to her conversion and said: "My sister ... recognises that it is a great faith that people follow. Tony Blair is Tony Blair."
I will post a recipe next time I use almond meal in baking.
The way to solve the problem is either to not cover the ejection port, or to eject a live round slowly, or both (I generally recommend both; though some pistols will jam a case or live round up if you don't eject smartly).
canned cabbage
Where is the wisdom we have lost in knowledge?
Thank you for filling my life with imagination, beautiful words, and thought provoking stories. Nothing can replace the feel of pages turning or the smell of ink on paper. You remind this world to slow down and ensure imagination will remain the ultimate storyteller.
I chose the very sexy Retro Cowgirl. Now I have always pictured her as a kind of Dallas Cowboy Cheerleader. So this time I just went with it. The outfits not quite the same, but dang close in my own mind... and in my husbands too... I showed her to him and asked what she was and he said she was a Dallas Cowboy Cheerleader. This worked well for the feel me up challenge too... and for making it so I HAD to go shopping. Contrary to popular belief in my house, I do NOT own every crafty thing there is, and I did not have any white fringe. GASP.
Always: I end up eating the whole pizza through lunch and dinner. Fatty.
Have you set some goals for yourself this year? Maybe you've chosen one little word...if so, do you care to share? As they say, if you put it out there either by saying it or writing it down, the more likely you are to COMMIT to that goal. Cheers to a good start for everyone to a fabulous new year and thanks for staying with me through my blog break - I appreciate you!
And tomorrow, Missy Moo's daycare is holding a Mothers Day Morning Tea. Seeing as I have to work on my very first Mothers Day (RWP's lady) I think the Mothers Day Morning Tea will be a lovely substitute.
This series is a must watch for our generation. It has a 1960′s setting, a time when blacks were called negroes, people didn’t know the dangers of cigarette smoking (pregnant women smoke, doctors smoke inside their clinics while examining patients!), men saw women as objects, oh wait, they still do.
“If you were to stroll by the House chamber today — or tomorrow, or the next day, or the day after that — you would arrive at the ideal time to see what the lawmakers do best: absolutely nothing.”
Eyall Podell ... Tyler
-Soil test was sent in through MSU County Extension on Friday. We already have a general idea about the soil quality and composition. (We know we need to add lime before planting, and clay after harvest.) We already have a plan for increasing soil fertility over the next several years. (No chemical fertilizers. We are a transitional organic farm. Or we will be, once we fill out the damn paperwork.) The soil test will give us specific numbers and levels of different elements, so we can fine tune our plan.
Royal blue Paradisa maxi dress, Reiss €245
So here we are - Julia is now 20 days old. No one could have prepared me for the emotional roller coaster that is having a baby. Throw on losing Jackson, her coming early and having to stay for a week in the hospital on top of that and I was a wreck! But day by day I am getting the hang of it. Breastfeeding is getting easier and it is really nice to have that time with her. My heart hurts that Jackson isn’t here to get to know his little sister, but I also know that in my heart he is her guardian angel watching over her. I am sure that parents who have had other kids wonder if they could love their second baby as much as they love their first and I was the same. I thought to myself there is no way that I could love someone else as much as I love Jackson - but I do. The love I have for this little girl is indescribable. I am so excited for all that there is to come. Her smiles, her laugh…every single moment I am just breathing it all in.
I liked how this arrangement came together. The flowers were bought at Trader Joe's.
I hammered the headpins a little on these since they were sort of deformed anyway.
Of course, it does make our house crowded, noisy, and opinionated to have four adults and two near adults living in one home. But I get to be a part of their lives for a while longer and hear about their professors and classes and learn about physical chemistry and partial differential equations. And in the meantime, if I have to get up early and watch the sunrise for time alone and quiet, I think I can manage that.
Challenge 24: to post November 18
So, as Charlie and I walk through our neighborhood in Fairfax,
From here, we found some tarmac but things didn’t improve much… the gradient just kept increasing and so did the pot holes.
Another factor that comes into play is the gravitational acceleration. Gravitational acceleration determines how fast you fall to the ground when jumping out of a plane or off a building. On Earth, this acceleration due to gravity is 9,8 metres per second squared. This means that for every second that passes, you go another 9,8 metres per second faster. This applies everywhere on Earth and has nothing to do with the object falling down.
30% of health care spending is spent on unnecessary procedures and a failure to closely monitor patients effectively and efficiently. If doctors, health care plans, and patients joined together using current and future research and technology, Reid says, the costs of our health care delivery system could go down dramatically while at the same time every patient would receive the care they need and deserve.
The minimum age eligibility for each race is as below:
See, a few weeks back Sherwin-Williams contacted me about getting involved in National Painting Week, and it seemed quite serendipitous timing! Even better, mother nature provided me with a sunny weekend, and my parents provided me with a garage, so really... there was no excuse. It was time to give these babies a facelift.
While meat is cooking, mix up the tzatziki dressing and chop up vegetables for the salad.
That controversial sentiment prompted my first-ever comment from a “Patch” reader.
The visitors continued. We tried to get a picture with her being held by everyone who came up. Since most people reading this won't know any of these people, I won't be offended if you skip this part. It's for my eternal record so I'll never ever forget who to write out of the will because they didn't come see us.
This is called media manipulation. It is true that some factions in electronic media have either been thriving on conspiracy theories or indulged in pursuit of personal gains or have certain motivation for taking side but now at this critical juncture, when Pakistan is passing through the most difficult time of its history, the media needs to act responsibly.
- I wont have to have a conversation with someone where I say, “I don’t think this is going to work out,” and he proceeds to try to convince me of how it could – yeah I’m looking at you, Liberian
“Because I’m listening! I want to hear more about the witch.”
I may not be in very good shape.
Things are looking good for our pull-up rig.
all because bees just do, over and over again, what they were made to do.”
Sadly for Kyle Drabek his excellent outing was all for nothing. You can compare the two pitching lines below.
Gayle Loiselle, one of the founders and managers of Nourished by Nature LLC, had this to say about Judge Fiedler’s ruling: “As a plaintiff in this case I find it completely ludicrous that Judge Fiedler ruled I have no right to own and drink milk from MY cow, because I may get sick…. Clearly, this issue is not about protecting the health of consumers. It is rather about control of the production, distribution and sale of all milk and milk products.”
But there is something I want to ask my readers: how do you maintain fullness when cutting? I’m down to 1000 calories a day and it is REALLY hard to maintain. What do you eat? Do you do small intervals instead of big meals? HELP!
He’s an ex-met police officer with something like 30 years experience in the force. Now you look at him and see an overweight almost-cockney Londoner with a broken nose, bad heart and an ego the size of Buckingham Palace. He thinks he’s seen it all, and granted he’s probably seen a lot of grim shit, but when you’re a cop you expect to see that crap. It’s part of the job. He’s an arse because he doesn’t think that anybody else has had to endure such displays of human cruelty.
Tonight I just laid in my room in the darkness, crying.
would change that keeps my title safe.
The British National Party's 2011 Local Elections Manifesto states:
To add to the problem with this yarn, the skeins don't match. Two are pretty similar, but the other two are totally different. I don't alternate skeins. It makes me crazy, and I don't need any more crazy in my life.
I call bullshite on that.
As a book blogger, I can hardly ignore my own group's contribution to the meme:
In a large bowl, cream together the confectioners sugar and shortening until smooth. Gradually mix in the milk and vanilla with an electric mixer until smooth and stiff, about 5 minutes. Color with food coloring. To decorate frost and sprinkle. Allow frosting to set, then store in an air-tight container.
Customer: Ohhh you a yank huh?
When my great grandmother died I was devastated. She was so important to me. I loved listening to her stories of growing up in a mining town. Or her advice "you meet good boys at church." Because of this relationship I encourage my children's relationship with their grandparents and great grandmother (my grandma). I love when my grandmother and kids get to visit with each other and I think it's great that even though we don't live in the same city that they are able to skype.
Scoop batter onto baking sheets by large tablespoon-fulls. Bake for approximately 10 minutes, until cakes spring back when touched. Remove from heat and cool completely on wire racks.
Even as adults the various terms for vagina and vulva are generally seen as crude and used as a harsh insult, whereas nob and prick are fairly jocular terms of abuse. The only good thing about all this is that I see it as the sign of a great night ahead if someone uses the C word in a lighthearted way the first time I meet them.
I really love this technique and have tried it with a number of colour combinations. Essentially you need colours in 4 different strengths - light to dark. I choose to use gold embossing powder, but silver and bronze would work as well
Helping feels
Office of the Chief Information Officer (OCIO) - Information Management Branch
Lim said the prime minister should be given an opportunity to enumerate the past BN mistakes for which he is extending an apology and promise not to repeat them, so that Malaysians can decide whether Najib’s admission was sincere or otherwise.
I waited patiently for mother to breathe and recollect her thoughts when she finally spit it out:
A special Thank You to Karen from My 4 Lil Girls for this amazing gift to cheer me up. I bought one of Karen's bags from her last year and I love it! These are just perfect additions. I know I am a little late in publicly acknowledging this but Thank You Karen from the bottom of my heart. xxxxx
Hello my crafty friends! Its been a long time since my last post.... now trying to to get back into the swing of things. :) With Halloween just around the corner a spooky card or two would be in order. Bwa-ha-ha-ha!!
20min with 25 min on precor
Some quick discussion with the team I’m working with right now seems to have our team name settled as “Those People You’ve Never Heard Of”, TPYNHO for short. If that name’s not registered in Canada and the US, I’ll be making use of it as soon as I have my funds put aside.
may have something to do with it.
Then Thursday we began our countdown for the last 26 days. We will be counting down the days with a fun activity, or snack for the remainder of the year---from A to Z (when the zip up and zoom out!) These activities help keep my students focused, and then at the end of our day, for good behavior they earn their special "treat" for the day.
you might have spied these before, but i've never really shared my tolix chairs.
So when I wake up from the surgery on my knee, I find they have me on a morphine pump. COOL! I've heard all kinds of good things about morphine and I'm ready for a good time. The day following the incident with the crazy cat lady I was in the room by myself. I could handle that, no more buzzkill ... only I didn't feel buzzed at all. It WORKED - it relieved the pain, but that was it, no buzz, no fun stuff and that was a tad disappointing after all the hype.
IBM – Co. to buy Tealeaf Technology for an undisclosed price. (Reuters)
I just told a lie. Here comes Satan dragging me to the center of the town square and places a noose around my neck in preparation for my execution. Mean while all his demons begin chanting “somebody has to die, somebody has to die!” Suddenly out of the crowd of demons steps forth a man wearing a white hoodie (Yes, in my mind Jesus wears a hoodie lol). He removes the hood off His head and introduces Himself to me, “hello my name is Jesus, the Son of God.” The demons hiss and Jesus proposes this question to me, “would you like me to die for you?” Though shocked at His question I immediately say “yes!” The demons push me aside and quickly seize Jesus. Satan mocking Jesus says “being hung is not a suitable death for the Son of God, let us crucify Him!” I watch as Jesus is whipped and tormented on the cross and all He says to me is “you are forgiven and receive my eternal life.” I stand in amazement thinking “this man just took my punishment so that I won’t have to. He received death so that I can receive life.”
We've got things for everyone - track down your favourite childhood book, buy a Christening/birthday present. If you want to buy someone a book that was published the year they were born, give us a call and we'll hunt one down... we've got old children's books, Biggles, film magazines, poetry, drama, history, music, old maps, pamphlets, theatre programmes, moral tales, annuals... & if you want to really splash out we've got a signed Ted Hughes collection, and we've also got two first edition signed Harry Potter books.
“Better stop now,” he said softly, leaning over the arm of my couch from his seat on the edge of his.
making window cards and new the doily would fit in this shape perfectly.
“Enrolment agencies had given targets to the operators and were putting pressure on them. What must have happened is that they showed some people as not having fingers and recorded them as exceptional cases.”
Movement: YES! I've been feeling flutters on and off since 11w6d! It only last for a minute or two, and it isn't everyday, but I certain now that it is the baby saying HI!
What got this place into the news was that a man had a heart attack while eating a 6000 Calorie Triple Bypass Burger.
2) Drivers who cut people off then honk at the person who did nothing wrong. YOU cut ME off, you asshole! So take your hand off the horn, get your head out of your ass and drive like a normal responsible human. Thanks.
6. Legoland
Okay, class, sit down and concentrate. I need you to concentrate because today we are dealing with a very complex metaphor, which was alluded to by our president in waiting, Jacob Zuma.
Inadvertently
—-Do you enjoy spending your birthdays alone or with friends/family?—– Do you like cheesecake on your birthday (or what do you eat on your birthday)? ——What do you like to do on your birthday (if anything?)?
Boyd hit the headlines in February when he admitted that two-thirds of the time he was on the mound, he was under the influence of cocaine. “Some of the best games I’ve ever pitched in the major leagues I stayed up all night; I’d say two-thirds of them,” said Boyd. “If I had went to bed, I would have won 150 ballgames. I wasn’t doing anything that other ball players weren’t doing at the time, because that’s how I learned it.”
In part two of my raw milk series, we're making butter and buttermilk.
Here are a couple of references from Bill Reid & Robert Bringhurt’s story collection the Raven Steals the Light
Well this week is the start of soccer season for us. Hubby coaches Miss 15′s soccer team so our weeks revolve around 2 training sessions a week and the game on Saturday as well as Miss 18′s part-time work schedule. This means meals need to be quick and easy to make after work, filling as they are usually starving when they come in, easy to re-heat and above all else….yummy!
First off, this is not exactly a happy post by any means. Life with livestock is not always sunshine and butterflies.
Yogi's First Christmas ... Boomerang ... 8 AM
Paxton Osgood is such a great character - she makes lists, she's obsessive about them. She's made them all her life. It is a way she controls her life, a way she can make sense of it. She prefers things to be done in a certain way. She's uptight, always well turned out and seems to be very much in charge, of everything. She is easily categorised - always popular in school, she got good grades, she was a social darling. But there is far more to the socialite than we are aware. Reluctant to move away from home, she has a very difficult relationship with her mum. Her dad zones in and out of life, letting his wife control things, as he's no doubt just found it easier to do accept what she wants to do, rather than try and fight her. Paxton, what a great name!, has a twin brother, Colin who, unlike Paxton cannot stand to be at home, with his family. He left Walls of Water to become a landscape architect and makes sure he hardly ever comes home. But this time he does, as Paxton has asked his help in landscaping the gardens at The Blue Ridge Madam, specifically to remove the huge peach tree that grew randomly from the soil near the house, and replace it with something else.
This pizza was seriously the easiest thing I have ever made. I slathered it with sauce (pesto on one because my mom isn't a tomato sauce fan, and organic marinara sauce on the other), sprinkled it with low-fat Mexican blend cheese, and then loaded it with vegetables.
Gingrich: sure but do we really want a hobo-killer
Author: S. Dionne Moore
07 Somebody Loves Me (DeSylva, MacDonakis, Gershiwn) 5:40
The very next day although tired saw myself and the kiddies (+1 extra) head off on a 5hour drive for our Beach holiday for a few days. We headed north and stayed with our good friends and neighbours at their holiday rental. The weather was Fantastic, the kids were entertained, I got to read nearly a whole book (Fallen), lots of laughs and shared moments which are fast becoming treasured memories. Was an awesome and much needed break.
You must both be acutely aware of the ways in which you and Bryce work together and apart.
"Bugger that!" I said, "I'm not walking all the way over there."
So if Forest City Ratner wants to conform to the letter--if not the spirit--of its pledge, it will have to open the building once in 2010. I'm predicting New Year's Eve.
If you have any art works or other items you would like to donate for the event, please drop them off with the Millefeuilles team either Wednesday March 21 or Thursday March 22 from 1-3pm in Gallery 115.
Batman (Clooney) and Robin (O' Donnell) fight the combined forces of Mr. Freeze (Shwarzenegger), Poison Ivy (Thurman) and Bane (Jeep Swenson) whilst bickering amongst themselves, agonizing over Alfred's imminent death and trying to keep Batgirl (Alica Silverstone) from crashing the party. Too many cooks, and all that. And if even one of those cooks is Joel Schumacher, it's a cook too many (although I did enjoy his 8mm).
fucksticks. haven't been able to blog for what feels like a MILLION years. too scared to look at my stats and see all of only 5 people clicking through still.
In the months before November, the president is expected to fly into multiple cities per week, and speak at multiple sites per day. On Mar. 8, for example, the president will fly to Richmond, and then drive over to a Rolls-Royce aircraft-parts factory. That evening, he’ll fly down to Houston, Texas.
Each morning I wake to one single day’s call.
I wasn't impressed on my departure from the school today. My new 10-pack Staedtler Triplus Fineliner pens went "missing" from the time I escorted children out to their parents to the time I returned about ten minutes later. The children had laptops in the afternoon and I marked some Literacy work while conferencing one-on-one with students about their work. I had the pens right with me on the table. While I'm normally so careful, I neglected to put them away in my bag this time and this is the result. Imagine my dismay when I learn that this particular class has an "issue" with stealing in the past. Still, I plan on giving them the benefit of the doubt and I'm going to formulate a strategy before I address with them tomorrow.
That happened yesterday at the Payton Jordan Invitational in Palo Alto. A full invitational with sprints hurdlers and field events, it’s the distances that always seem to feature at this meet. In large part I’m sure because the weather is almost always nearly perfect for distance running.
That stroke through the hair, oh my god, I just melted a little bit. Second stroke through the hair, the rest of me just melted. That smile at the very last second just reanimated me, and melted me again.
This kind of effort at totalitarian control exists at the international level insofar as the United Nations has long wanted to impose a world tax on Internet users with a special emphasis on financial transactions. In February, the U.S. Commission on Social Development introduced this form of taxation to support a “social protection floor.” It is a direct attack on capitalism which the communist-based U.N. justifies as its own version of a redistribution of wealth. Need it be said that the idea is being supported by Russia, China, India and Brazil among a number of nations seeking to control Internet transactions.
It goes without saying that one of our all time favorite blushes that is pretty much universally flattering for all skin tones has to be NARS’s “Orgasm” shade. Paired with some gold and copper toned shadows, coral or berry toned lipsticks as well as a great water proof liner (imperative), your makeup arsenal should be set for summer.
and now you know me.
"If Malema is so keen to shoot a boer, let him come shoot me instead of inciting other people to murder defenceless elderly farmers and women.
Matt R: 4.0
Riding out the royal turnpike to the Duchy of Upper Cryogenica, from the rear of the vehicle, Lyra requested assistance in extracting her new plush baby seal (With Real Tail Wagging Action!) from its packaging. I nonchalantly extended a hand towards her and, with that implicit trust children have that adults can solve all their problems, she placed the toy in my hand.
Sensing that Blakeman’s adamant defense with unassailable by her distaff suasion, Megyn sweetly smiled and coyly chuckled, “What? Was that out loud? Huh? What? Sour grapes, anyone?”
Sidewalks is definitely a collection I am drawn back to again and again. I NEED to stockpile that yellow gingham paper. It is definitely a fave!
The Public Relations/Communications Internship provides college students to become involved in, and learn about, both the tourism industry and professional public relations.
Olson recommends one other good book in his introduction:
Ms. Ogura’s book is an introductory paperback book. The photographs are just as beautiful as Eakin’s book. However, this guide focuses on stitches, not cabochon attachments. It’s closer to standard embroidery, where the stitches are the art. The guide is divided into five sections, each for a different stitch, and one on materials.
The drama is set in a mysterious world where you can’t tell the difference between dreams and reality. Sometani expressed, “It’s a strange fantasy. I had so much fun playing my role, so please enjoy it.”
Pollux is magnitude 1.15. Saturn starts the month at magnitude .5, then joins the zero magnitude class by climbing to magnitude .3 by the end of the month. And Mars? Mars is the most fickle of the group. It starts off the month a perfect 0 magnitude, but by the end has dimmed to .5, so it’s headed for the first magnitude class. It also breaks the twin pattern – that is, at the start of the month it is is less that 6 degrees from Regulus (magnitude 1.34), but it more than doubles that distance by the end of the month. Saturn barely changes it’s relationship with Spica (magnitude .96), being about 4°50′ distance all month – and, of course, Castor and Pollux are, for all practical purposes, constant at a separation of 4°30′.
"One, two, three, I count three behind the brush." PFC Mahan, the grenadier, responded.
Look through past weeks in your Weight Tracker. If you don't use a tracker or food journal get one started. Check out weeks that worked, and see if there's anything you did then that you can do again this week.
I don't know what it is about re-arranging a space that makes me feel all giddy n' stuff but my goodness, it's so much better to work in the shop now!
7 Good Rockin' 3:19
Those sacrifices foretold the death of the Son of God for sinners. Here he is proclaimed as already slain for sinners, as the Apostle testifies:
Being out in the wilderness, breathing fresh air, and literally seeing the source of my foods provides inspiration for a cook like no other. The inspiration for this road trip meal was local, sustainable, organic Georgia produce, supplied directly from the source. I have included the recipes now, and will be speaking in depth about each farm that contributed to this meal over the coming days.
Digitising the text, pictures and sound is the easy bit. The difficult bit is making the app work through time, with interactivity and animation. The techniques have all been around for a long time, but they take expert knowledge to do well - just as book design takes expert knowledge to do well. Animation is moving pictures - just one of those digitised pictures after another in a rapid sequence (a minimum of ten per second). Making the app do different things at different times or in response to the reader's actions takes proper computer programming. And that's where the problems start for publishers who don't have their own programmers. But we won't go into that just now.
My life, at this point is so very satisfying and happy. I don't know that I've ever had more clarity, more of a sense of where I want to go and best of all, who I want to be. It's all mixed up with an absolute certainty that I'll get there and be that person. It seems every dream I dare dream comes true so I might as well dream big! Impossibility never plagues me now because looking back at each day and see that the previous one was a happy and successful one and it's proof enough for me that I'm heading towards the right place.
An article on Thursday about the shooting death of an unarmed young black man in Georgia gave an unofficial height from the Toombs County Sherriff’s Office for Norman Neesmith, who killed the young man. While the authorities said Mr. Neesmith is 6-foot-2, that was the height he gave them. As a height chart in an accompanying picture taken during his booking showed, he is closer to 5-foot-11.
Then I remembered that I only needed to be inspired by the palette and this wasn't a challenge that had rules.
When you're writing, don't just pick the low-hanging fruit. Find a really good way to still have the parents "somewhere" in the book. They're not in charge, but they can be used really effectively as one more (loving but at the same time annoying) obstacle for the protagonist to overcome.
This is one of our favorite all-in-one pot meals.
These oatmeal things are all over the internet right now, I’ll admit, as gross as it sounds I couldn’t help wondering if it might be good since it’s apparently so popular. So I made one last night, used up all my fresh strawberries in it. I almost harfed. Tastes gross, feels gross…wtf. Do peopel actually enjoy this? Or are they just hopping on the cool wagon.
To begin our analysis we look at the characters and how each one is the perfect fit for the story. First obviously is Name Your Link">Indiana Jones. With a name that just screams adventure he has the ideal costume for an every man of his time without it being like a super hero suit you can immediately identify with him. He has a profession that makes the exotic locations not seem out of place. He has a style and demeanor that you can’t help but root for. The casting of Indiana couldn’t have been more perfect. Harrison Ford has the perfect look that isn’t too worn yet not polished at all with a smile that makes you smirk and smile too.
Nursing to sleep. Does anyone else pretty much HAVE to nurse their child to sleep?? Turtle-Love refuses to sleep for me without the boobie. He was refusing to sleep without me holding him, but we are working on that and doing pretty well. I'm thinking that was just a phase. However, nursing to sleep does NOT seem to be a phase. It doesn't matter how tired he is - he will NOT go to sleep with out the boobie. Unless I'm not home. Not just in the other room, but actually gone. Then apparently he will go to sleep. And SOMETIMES in his car seat, if he is stuffed to the gills.
- Layers : I do a lot of layers during my process. I created more than 1000 layers for this picture. It's not a problem if you merge them often. Every part of the picture (skin, hair, background, clothes, ….) has it's own layer. You can do adjustments in each part more easily.
We joked that our house is so small you could heat it with a few candles. It’s a very cozy design but still very open. Several people warned that the loft will get very hot in summer since all the hot air will get stuck by the bed. That might be a problem, perhaps mitigated with a ceiling fan or the rooftop reading nook we’re considering building.
I hadn’t been to one of these before and, since there was a place to sit at the bar and watch the kitchen workers, I thought trying to catch one of them picking their nose and cooking would be fun.
Instead of taking it all apart and starting over—which may have been impossible because of the bad glue—I went the cosmetic route. With the crack filled, a good sanding and a coat of paint, no one will be the wiser.
So there you go. A miscellaneous blog post complete with what I am making for dinner. Happy days.
It's times like these that I really miss living close to family.
Cape Disappointment – Manbites Dog presents The Debate Society’s (Hannah Bos, Paul Thureen, Oliver Butler) spooky 2008 tale set in unexplored byways, forgotten drive-ins, and other unplanned pit stops on the road to nowhere. Directed by Jay O’Berski. This week: Wednesday-Saturday 8:15. Closes Saturday.
Jesus had just experienced a really busy day. He’d healed some guy who had been unable to speak, freeing that dear person from being chained to silence by evil. When the newly freed one began to speak, the crowds turned on Jesus, accusing him of being the Evil One himself!
It's terribly exciting! And Herbie will have someone to play with !
Oleyl Myristate – See Myristic Acid.
Anchored in the Mediterranean
The slough of despond,
But if you want to be proud of it, if you don't want to be eternally making excuses ('Oh read my other book, it's much better than that one!'), if you don't mind reading the horrible reviews by people you've never met on Amazon then fine, don't press that reset button.
Civil service was created in New Jersey to shield the state government employees from political pressures and influences. At the core of the system, the rationale followed the principles of the British civil service throughout the empire – notably India – where servants would perform their functions honestly and efficiently without fear of retribution because of local influences or after a change of government in Simla or London.
I don't care what you keep close to your vest. I only care about your book.
In the top 25 American Beers List, Live Oak HefeWeizen took the ten spot, and Saint Arnold's took #25 with it's Divine Reserve #5.
g = 392 = chord 5 seven
So much happened that night, so much to savour, but my overwhelming and enduring memory will be the way he held that pose, while the band stormed along behind, proud face raised, the famous Oscar glinting before him from the stinging footlight sheen. The noise closed in from everywhere, the band a runaway train now, the audience applause tumultuous, and then, with comical absurdity, Bob reaches up and pats the back of his hair.
Hemp can provide a valuable ecological solution to help our civilization transform its economy from relying on non-renewable disappearing resource bases such as petroleum and fossil fuels to a more natural, sustainable economic one, such as plants.
There really is no other film like Dr. Strangelove. Impossible to completely categorize, it is at times an all-out comedy--or more appropriately, a satire--which for much of the picture, doesn't "feel" like a comedy. With the exception of the appearance of the good doctor himself at the end--an example of Peter Sellers' brilliant physical comedy--much of the humor is slyly cloaked, and can even partly go over the head of some, shall we say, less astute filmgoers.
Janitor: Okay.
Now that you’ve spread your message that’s pretty much it. If you’re as good as Goebbels at propagandering the entire world should be fawning at your feet by now. But we all know, because of Spike Milligan, that Goebbels had not testicles to speak of and was utter scum. The only additional step to take is to make sure that your version of ‘the truth’ is the only version that circulates. The quickest, most efficient and easiest way to do this, apart from provoking nuclear armaggedon and mass extinction it to become a tyrant. Simply destroy all television and radio stations, newspapers and the internet, use or do not mercy according to your own personal preference. Pass your propaganda around in pamphlet form to every household. With the target bases’ children now being brought up from birth with your view on life alone, your status as demi-god is looking more and more assured.
This whole concept would have helped me with a shit ton of things that I was going through at that time.
We see some stuff where these doctors are doing brain surgery on him for no reason and insert a pin into his brain…it’s never referenced again, so hey, it fits right into this asinine abomination of the silver screen.
They are all going for different jobs, so they're not in competition. But if they were going for the same job and you were choosing who to interview, which one would you choose and why? Assuming you would have to make conversation with them if you employed them. Bear in mind that Elizabeth either doesn't have any friends or family or if she does she chooses not to see them. But she is very fit.
Women today are busy, stressed, and guilt-ridden, yet they long to develop their spiritual sides. Turning Guilt Trips into Joy Rides offers inspirational thoughts based on scripture--brief enough to be read during a television commercial, yet insightful enough to open your eyes to the grace of God on days you change diapers and/or lead corporate meetings. Each reading suggests a "Guilt Trip to Avoid" and ends with a way to "Take the Joy Ride." The book includes six months of daily readings so that you may establish a habit of connecting with God. Readings are listed under the letters G-R-A-C-E, representing God,
But it's more than just the appearance thing that gets me. It's the fact that, now as the mother of a young girl, the overt gender stratification of the world around us leaps out at me as never before.
Got up way to early for a holiday morning and put the heavily stuffed with garlic, onion and pork sausage turkey into the oven about four and half hours before our guests were supposed to show up for Thanksgiving. I heavily sprinkled it with Penzy’s Bicentennial Rub – it goes on a bright yellow but I find it roasts to the prettiest brown of any seasoning rub or baste.
of the bed? Here are some incredible comments taken from hospital charts:
Let me just start by saying I would never have been able to think this up on my own, my brain doesn't operate like that. However, I was lucky enough to discover Kristen F. Davis Designs and her super easy explanation on how to create these faux metallic letters.
Salad Dressing
As the pursuit of Truth about “Obama’s” place of birth intensified these past few years, discovery was made that a baby girl – Virginia Sunahara – was born on the same day as “Obama” claims to be born.
For those intersted, the Wisconsin Department of Health Services lists links to several services for the elderly here.
There is no way that any reader could start with the third book and have a hope of knowing what was going on, in spite of several recaps. There have been so many comings and goings between the 18th century and ours and so many proliferating versions of the characters in parallel universes that no amount of "Previously in this trilogy ..." could help.
"It can be a tough balance for a client to decide how much they want to be involved in this. Some might say the risk is low, that a suit might never be filed. But once a suit is filed, they're looking at a huge headache."
Ho, it’s my love you’re going to know
I'm much too tired to talk,
Great book!
Even those “low paying service jobs” that pundits love to denigrate can offer opportunity. Many chefs and restaurant owners came up from the ranks of cooks and servers. For countless others, basic service jobs provided needed income while the worker was on a path to something different.
This creature has the statistics of a Mersc Feond, from Chapter 8, save that It also has the attack "Bite @ 15: Damage 7d6, plus opposed roll on Con. versus poison potency of 12, or the wound festers and blisters, giving the character 1 point of damage per round if they participate in combat while wearing clothing." It has eight points of armor, due to its aqueous nature, which makes it resistant to stabbing and chopping attacks.
So, the toast shaped cork coasters were a huge hit with you guys. Here is another great coaster idea. Girl in Air took maps and pasted them to cork coasters. The end result is DARLING! How fun to get a map of places you have traveled and make coasters for your hubby?
Just my two cents.
Speaking of Michele Bachmann, as likeable as she is, she's also proven that she's not quite ready for the Top Job yet. Her positions continue to devolve into talking points, she's shown an unfortunate tendency to be gaffe-prone and continues to be willing to die on questionable hills like the one about how the Gardisil caused retardation in a child.
*grabs broom*
A couple of years later I met Ken at a House of Lords Reception. I pointed out this inconsistency. He said nothing and kept on drinking himself into a haze being equally rude to everybody.
1 privacy
Ending 5/5
Friday the 13th is this week! Does that fill you with anxiety and dread? Is Friday the 13th “unlucky?” Do you fear something bad will happen?
Some of the things that I've discovered about fifth graders while playing the game is that they get the difference between opinion and fact. They noticed that sometimes the best facts can get removed from a Wikipedia article, making it less strong.
Sad to say that I have allowed apathy and inertia to kick in and have barely done much of anything, only leaving the apartment to go down and check the mail. I’ve barely even been on the computer and had zero inspiration, insight, or interest in writing. My desire and ability to focus on and engage in a text or phone conversation with anyone, much less the people who are distant and unavailable to me has been absent and those communication have been very stilted at best.
Professional and IT Services Sessions
I'm sorry, but that's just not right. If real historians behaved like this, we wouldn't have any history at all.
Phreak: What would you like to see Magnificent Twisted Fate get, if you wanted him to be more “deserving” of Legendary status?
TELL US MORE ABOUT THIS INTERNATIONAL MEETING…
Ahh, no wrong, I couldn't do.
ICopic Design Team!
… there was, to a king, a girl born with hair as black as coal, lips as red as roses, and skin as fair as snow…
Not Zak Bagans. Zak takes the ‘Die Hard’ approach to hunting ghosts. He literally thinks he is hunting ghosts like they are the deadliest prey (‘I’m gonna hunt the shit outta these ghosts’). Instead of trying to speak to the dead to let them know he means no harm, Zak taunts them. He yells at ghosts.
the walls are painted "black horizon" by benjamin moore. the sofa was a $25 dollar thrift store find, which i kept in its original state (upholstery-wise) for a few years, and just recently had reupholstered. i love it! i adore the lines of it, plus our home is quite small for now, so it fits just perfectly. the acrylic coffee table is from cb2, and the knick-knacks on the table are from various places, like thrift stores, target, jonathan adler, and local boutiques. the painting that hangs over the sofa was painted by your's truly. you can read about it here. the swing arm lamps flanking the sofa were also thrift store finds, which i topped off with small shades from lowe's. the two mirrored side tables are from target, and i replaced the knobs with knobs from anthropologie. the nude drawing to the left of the sofa was also done by me, in college. the jute rug is from lowe's.
The beer landscape is changing over here. Taking small baby steps from time to time, towards a brighter and more hoppier future. Beer geeks have started importing beer which is a good thing. Until now we have been bound by decisions by importers that favor lager beers or dont want to invest in bigger beers for the smaller audience.
replace two-year warranty
Passionfruit and strawberry clouds $4.50
Whilst all of the changes are going on the whole manner of your life will alter, and it will become far more interesting giving you the freedom to travel virtually anywhere you wish. You will never tire of your new found abilities, and they will make you a complete Galactic Human. You do not yet know what it is like to become free of all restraints, and that is your birthright to be returned to you once again. You will master space travel through your power of thought, and the concept of simply wishing yourself somewhere else will become quite commonplace. In fact you could be in two places at once, but that is jumping ahead when you must first experience less complicated ideas. Be sure Dear Ones, the promises made to you are not idle dreams, and it is ordained that you ascend to start a new chapter in your life. Duality has all but served its purpose where you are concerned. So please focus on the future, and allow Duality to fade away, as it is finished.
she taught me that forever
VL: We felt that this unique confederacy of kingdoms hasn’t received the recognition it deserves. This time period overlaps a little bit with the one that we just looked at in Contested Visions in the Spanish Colonial World, which covered the apogee and eventual demise of the Aztec Empire in favor of the Spanish Conquest. The Children of the Plumed Serpent are flourishing at the same time as the Aztecs, actively controlling the trading corridors that go from the southwestern United States all the way down to Central America—but completely outside the borders of the Aztecs. What’s really interesting is that these communities become very well known for both their metal working and intricate turquoise mosaics. These works have always been categorized as Aztec, but they’re not. One of the catalysts for organizing this exhibition was to correct this misperception. Another reason is that the descendants of the Children of the Plumed Serpent continue to inhabit that region, and here in Los Angeles we have one of the largest populations of Oaxacans outside of Oaxaca.
I turned back to my poem and remembered why not
Today a news report is sparking heated debate in the blogosphere and across social media platforms. A father in Pittsburgh was charged with two counts of child endangerment for leaving his children to play at a park while he ran errands. The irate comments on both sides of the argument illustrate the tightrope that parents walk between teaching independence and ensuring safety for their children.
Moved out of the apartment I'd had for 6 years, in with Mikey's parents and him.
For the economy as a whole, hiring rates have remained basically flat since the beginning of 2010. This is reflected in recent payroll employment reports that show weak levels of monthly job creation. At 3.3%, the March hiring rate represents the 14th consecutive month of hiring falling in a narrow band ranging from 3.1% to 3.3% of total employment.
The organization raised $45,000 last October from its fourth annual Walk Don’t Destroy Walkathon, but no other major gifts have been announced. Regular DDDB mailings solicit funds and periodic house parties raise money.
(PS the screenwriting post is coming, I promise!!)
Is nothing but alarm,
Back in the real world, Neo requests he be given a ship to travel to the Machine City. He takes Niobe’s ship and goes off to his unknown destiny with Trinity. Niobe, Morpheus and the other crew members attempt to make it back to Zion despite the machine attack. They quickly realize that the other crew member who had been unconscious had killed a crew member and must be stowing aboard Neo’s ship. He attacks and disarms Trinity. It takes Neo ages to realize this is actually Smith despite the man using all of Smith’s dialogue and mannerisms for several minutes. Finally he is killed after blinding Neo with a power cable. But don’t worry, he can still see. Magic! So they continue on with trinity at the helm. Wait, can’t Neo still see? Oh well.
In addition, I am introducing you to the Kyrielle. The name kyrielle derives from the Kýrie, which is part of many Christian liturgies. It is a French rhyming form that originated in troubadour poetry and is written in quatrains, in which each quatrain contains a repeating line as a refrain (usually appearing as the last line of each stanza). Originally, the phrase "Lord, have mercy", or a variant on it, was used as a refrain. Each line within the poem consists of only eight syllables. There is no limit to the number of stanzas a Kyrielle may have, but three is considered the accepted minimum.
all that to say this morning I felt as grey as the day.
Don’t you think for one nano-second that this incredibly vile and blatantly evil idea of promoting pedophilia is not right now at the heart of the Democrat Party today.
Most notably, Judge Moreno sustained a motion from the prosecution to exclude the deceased’s criminal record, which includes three assault convictions. Schmitz was convicted of assaulting his ex-girlfriend, his ex-girlfriend’s 14-year old daughter and his ex-girlfriend’s father. Judge Moreno has yet to rule whether the swastika tattoo on the deceased’s chest will be admitted into the trial, either in photos or testimony. Judge Moreno refused to approve the defense’s request for expert witness to testify about climate of violence transgender people navigate in Minneapolis and nationally. He has yet to rule on whether an expert witness can educate the jury about what the word “transgender” means.
Night and morning with my tears;
realised, as I read the report, even the ones who seem fierce, are really sweet kittens compared to the killer dog savagery of a script report writer. No holds barred – that report went for the jugular and tore my script to shreds.
Tonight, Phoenix won game 1 in overtime on a Ray Whitney goal by a 4-3 score. The Coyotes…who I believe are owned by the NHL…hold a 1-0 series lead. The Coyotes just eliminated the Chicago Blackhawks, while the Predators finished off the Detroit Red Wings in five games.
According to John Sommer’s Account of the Parish of Mid Calder of 1838:
Nigel: Not since two became new four and zero became the new two.
interest in warm and caring interpersonal relationships.” I found a
Men Killed by Jonah - 4
7 Honey Bee 2:43
1) I spray painted my kitchen chairs green! All different shades of green. I am so happy about it- except that the whole house smells of fumes so I took the chairs out on the porch. but hear it's going to rain- so we'll prob. die of fumes- but we will look cute in our green chairs while doing it. Some things I have learned- Krylon spray paint is the best. I have said it before, but now I add this: Krylon 2 in one, paint + primer is the best. Except for Wal- Mart had limited colors- so I went to Lowes and got some Valspar and it was ok- not as easy to use as krylon...but Ok, they had some really great greens, though.
I know that yesterday lingers and tomorrow beckons. And I believe that what's important, today, is to make the most of them both.
That was 26 years ago. We built that building and 2 other ones and I hated each project. There were worse days than that and I am simply amazed that I have persevered them.
Place the chickens on a large, rimmed cookie sheet. Brush generously with blueberry sauce. Roast for an additional 45 minutes. Allow to sit 10 minutes before carving.
I forgot to take a picture of this, so I encourage you all to take pictures of yours and share them with me at your earliest convenience. :)
When I get either a pattern I really want to print now, or a multiple of four, I'll print them four to a page. That's what I've found to be the best compromise between number on a page and ability to see the steps. I tried nine to a page at first, and that was too small on too many patterns for me.
So what CAN you do when you are entertaining a food-allergic child in your home? The first thing you want to determine is whether your little friend has anaphylactic allergies or food sensitivities. The well-known peanut allergy is the type that can cause a severe reaction after a very minor exposure to the food. If a child could possibly get hives, have trouble breathing, or feel his throat close up if he comes near a certain food, his mom will very likely be right on top of that, and probably won’t feel comfortable with you feeding him. She will also probably leave you an Epi-Pen in case of an emergency, along with her cell phone number, her beeper number, directions to the nearest hospital and probably the keys to her car (just kidding… trying to make the point that with severe allergies, you won’t be at a loss for what to do…not trying to minimize the severity of anaphylactic reactions in any way).
The pictures you are about to see, are not taken among the goons in a downtown nightclub. Neither from a boxing match. These are the ugly images of elected politicians fighting tooth and nails inside of National Parliaments.
During both my teaching pracs, I found this little game to be fabulous for reinforcing all kinds of basic literacy and numeracy skills, and we played it as a class everyday. I love this game because it engages the children so well, you can use the cards and your requests to differentiate for all students within a class and to tailor for the particular skills you are trying to reinforce or teach, and I was also able to use the game as a formative assessment, because students were so engaged with the game, as opposed to being asked to verbally demonstrate their knowledge of sounds etc...
HOWEVER I haven’t found anything nearly this good before now. I direct your attention to the purple-colored link.
Tonight, all the kids were in the backyard with MOH playing wiffle ball, and Daughter #1 threw the ball and lobbed it accidentally, right into the eye of the neighbor boy who hangs out with us. He was fine, but needed to be iced down. She has this pathological fear that his dad, who is an opposing jail guard will hate her for harming his son. I find this really funny, because the thing she is most afraid of about him is that he is large and mostly silent. My Dad frightened MOST of my friends the same way when I was a kid. You just never know what those silent types are thinking.
A strong skeleton means a strong body, one that can keep you together and moving the rest of your life (which I wish you a long, healthy and happy one!). What keeps your skeleton strong? There are several things, but generally a plain and simple little mineral called calcium is what gives all the bones of your skeleton strength. Let’s talk, then, about what calcium does for your bones and how you can be assured that you get enough of it so your skeleton stays strong.
Some astute comments from the CT thread include the observation that someone like Poulos would never think to ask what men are for or what Black people are for, because that would be deeply offensive. But I guess, in the end, we women don’t count as people, so his question is acceptable. Another commenter notes that what Poulos is hinting at is that women should essentially serve as a support staff for men. Put your dreams and ambitions on hold, ladies–THE MENZ ARE BRILLIANTLY BRUTISHLY BRUTING!
And outside, the grimy, slick, lit up city became a hostile place. We concocted stories and plots, sick sick things, of a world of enemies encroaching upon us. Sick, we listened through the walls, eyed neighbours through the spy-hole: big, warped, looping faces, coming in, examining our door, the apartment bugged. Sick, the postman working for Interpol. Sick, police surveillance in the building opposite. Sick. We invented laws, sick laws, laws that said the flat couldn't be raided between 3 and 5am. So we'd rise, sick, in the early hours, cracking eggs and frying sausages and bacon and cabbage and bread; stuffing our mouths full of sandwiches dripping oil and ketchup, then, climbing back into bed and pulling the blankets tight around our necks so as we couldn't smell our own arseholes. Sick. The times were sick. We were sick. The hours were sick, and they dripped on by.
“Knowing this, that our old man is crucified with him, that the body of sin might be destroyed, that henceforth we should not serve sin.” (Rom:6:6)
You’re there to share your interests and hobbies, and to be fascinated by theirs.
Service server. Refer to the man page for vxsvc(1M).
You might want to try reading it sometime.
For my card I did simple beach card that anyone can do!
Syracuse has fought off adversity with no problems this year. The Bernie Fine allegations, the Jim Boehiem suit, and now this. They have the talent to get through this tournament, but can they do it without their spark? Melo is the guy on that team that provides the energy, thus with him out they will need to find replacement energy either off their bench or in their starters.
OBAMA (interrupting, disbelievingly): NEGROES?!
Eamon says that Karen Powell told him that she hasn't heard a word from Ryan about employment. Eamon heard that Mike Albano may run for Governor's Councilor. He also said that the Ryan people are discovering that a lot of parking tickets were fixed for friends of Daniel Kelly and Charlie Kingston. Eamon says Ryan is appointing people from the North and South End in order to strengthen his position for re-election. Barbara Garvey called Eamon and said she will stop by and return the research material Eamon loaned to Mayor Ryan. She said Ryan told her that "there's no one who could have provided me with this kind of political research material except Eddie." Eamon promised Garvey that when she came with the stuff he would serve her tea with Irish whiskey.
Lisa had been there several times because Angelika liked playing with her – for the most part anyway. But today Lisa hated Angelika: firstly, because she told Lisa she’d not be inviting her to her birthday party – for the fifth time that week. Secondly, because she had bought the special edition of Ophelia, the Pocket Princess in a purple evening dress – one of only 5000 in the whole world. And thirdly, because Angelika had been given the lead role in Princess Penelope and the Seven Stars, the play that Class 2a would be staging at the end of year party.
When America and the world grew captivated by the unforeseen Tunisian and Egyptian revolutions, I followed for the same reasons, plus some.
The album opens up with the epic "Over the Hills and Far Away", which right away shows the Celtic influences of the album. The song also includes some of Moore's most memorable lyrics.
My tolerance for whiners and drug seekers is non existent.
I really love this trilogy and I recommend it to everyone.
3. Bowlegged Woman (Christiansen, Oberg) 2:35)
just from their eyes,
I am typing this post on my new toy, the Kindle Fire. It just arrived last night, which was a pleasant surprise. I was totally not expecting it until next week.
TOP 10 MOST POPULAR PLAYER JERSEYS:
The National Autistic Society adds: “People with autism have difficulties with both verbal and non-verbal language… ‘Body language' can appear just as foreign as if people were speaking ancient Greek.
Thus Kersten deduces that the tomb of Jesus Christ Himself is in Kashmir!
Katy, Me, Stacy and Steph
If you’d help these wars to cease,
Metal Lash comb
10 Jay Street (built 1897-98)
The next day we had what is called a "Change of Responsibility."
1) With the exception of Atlanta, every city at the top is in a cold climate. Isn't it quite probable that people in San Diego, Durham, Austin and Charlotte might be doing less recreational reading because they're not confined indoors?
Even now, I have to shake it off on occasion when it sneaks up on me and attempts to take me over again.
In the specific sense, flows of wealth can be used to trace out the structure of empire, which is a more complex matter than the basic outline discussed so far might make it seem. It’s entirely possible that a long time ago, when empires were new, there might have been one or two that consisted, on the level of nations, of a single imperial nation and a circle of subject nations; and on the level of populations, of a single ruling class and an undifferentiated mass of oppressed subjects. If empires this simple did exist, though, it was a very long time ago.
Fall Session: Fall session will run for 6-weeks, from September 3 through October 12, 2012 (application deadline August 1st).
Cong. Niel Tupas: Thank you Your Honor.
A Chorus of Echoes – A poet with a truly prolific sense of poetry in all words, and some of the deepest thoughts that were ever put to page.
Caravan Master
I want to be a part of the solution to whatever problem God leads me towards and places me in the middle of. I don’t want to be just another complication. And I don’t want to be that person that we all hate to see coming: who runs their mouth but never bothers to move their body to help out. I hope at the end of my life that I am a builder and not just a critic.
I always debate at this point after washing my hair whether I’m going to go curly or straight because this is the final chance I have before it’s too late to change my mind unless I want to wash it all over again.
Although Mussolini never ceased preaching socialism in some form, his actions when in power were like those of most politicians: Many unrealistic promises were broken and policies were adopted that in fact hurt the workers (such as wage cuts). The important point, however, is that the policies he in fact adopted once in power were not adopted for mere ideological reasons but because they were the policies that he thought would work best for Italy and, thus, ultimately for all Italians. As "Conservative" political parties tend to think in this way also (Gilmour, 1978), it is presumably in part this that causes Mussolini to be referred to as a Rightist. His appeal to Italians, however was as a socialist and a nationalist.
These are exciting times for Black Star Co-op. Earlier this week the Board appointed a location search committee to find us a real home, and our Member-Investor Share Offering is going to the printer this afternoon.
fill $.29
Now time for another Inky Challenge and our gorgeous Inkette Sandie set the challenge this fortnight to use Die Cuts, now for sometime I have wanted to make one of these fancy easel cards lol! Can't remember where I first seen one (could have been Merry) but, saved this link to a tutorial, check them out , there are many STUNNING creations.
Three hundred sixty-five
Don't forget our challenge is now open. Anyone can play along and you DO NOT need to use a Wags 'n Whiskers image.
My next card features a Compact Family sentiment paired with an image from Half Pint Heroes - I loved stamping the sentiment in colour to match my rocket!
The first challenge on Thursday evening was to make a collage/lo using papers torn or cut from magazines and we had all brought several magazines with us for this purpose. The theme for this, (as an introduction to the theme of The Character of God for the whole weekend) was God is incomprehensible. I focused in the journalling on how there is so much more of God than we can understand and how He can understand all the things we cannot. I covered a sheet of card with images that spoke to me of things beyond my understanding or of trying to learn, striving to move forward and then cut a large question mark from this.
Black Nail Heads on the ribbon is from Paper Studio
Dublin in the 1920’s. Post war of independence. Post civil war. A charismatic and ruthless leader of a left wing revolutionary organisation. Social disintegration. Vice and drug addiction. Idealism, and betrayal. Love and murder. Such are the components of Liam O’Flaherty’s The Informer.
I do not rejoice that I am lucky enough to posses $8 while 1.4 billion people live below the poverty line, instead this figure is like a lingering symbol of the realisation that I am painfully trapped under the support of my parents. That I am hopelessly, cripplingly, broke. And on top of this, how the hell do you even get 1 cent in your bank account in the first place! How ridiculous! It’s like the money is mocking me with the obviously unattainable 1cent in our 5 cent limited monetary system. It’s whispering to me in my dreams that even the embarrassingly tiny figure in my account has to be rounded down.
I'd suggest reading this post first. It contains Frank Faulkner's description of the Dublin method of brewing written 30 years before this article. It sounds very much as if most of it still held true in the 1920's.
insane in the membrane
Well that's it for today ... actually that's enough, I think I talked your ear off. More than I usually do! I hope you enjoyed what I had to share with you today and thanks for stopping by!
National Velvet – 0
Got a writing job!!
One thing I don't have to worry about is speaking; my mother-in-law will be here that weekend and will be speaking for us! I am so excited that she will be with us! She's been married almost 48 years, been a mother for almost 47 of those years, is the mother of five, and has been a missionary wife for 30 years. She is just full of practical, down-to-earth knowledge (unlike her eldest daughter-in-law!), and I believe she will do an excellent job of teaching about inward beauty, taken from Psalm 45:13 - "The king's daughter is all glorious within . . ."
Pearls and Chains
Here, we are going to talk about one of the biggest news events in the weather category that has been covered by several reporters and news stations earlier this week. Hurricane Irene made landfall last weekend effecting most of the East Coast of the US, killing 43 people, leaving 5 -6 million people without power and pouring several feet of rain across America. The most terrifying part of Hurricane Irene wasn’t the 65 + miles per winds, it was the floods and rushing waters that did the most damage to the East Coast. Bridges also tumbled down stranding due to the rising waters, leaving thousands of residents stranded. The cost of restoration post Irene is said to be in the billions.
This is the second large-scale publication from 50by70 created by designer Tim Fishlock to celebrate the work of wonderful artists and designers. It's only an edition of 350, so if you want one you better by sharpish!
Anyway, as expected, I enjoyed The Incredible Hulk as well. But then again, I’ve always loved the Hulk. On a side note, I still remember vividly the first time I ever peeled as a result of a sunburn – I was a little girl watching the Hulk TV series when my skin started to lift and rub off. At the time, I had no idea what was going on. All I knew was that Bruce Banner turned into the Hulk and I was falling apart. I ran outside, screaming to my mother who had to console me and reassure me that I wasn’t going to turn green anytime soon. But, I digress…
*While they did visit, this rumor is completely unfounded. Sorry Danner, I had to.
And now, the pretty bits. Photos from the tour, mostly uncaptioned because I couldn't remember what they were if I tried...
The use of the .50bmg round in accurate bolt action and semi-automatic rifles however is fairly common these days. It has a fairly long history dating back at least to the 1950's (I'm sure people built .50 caliber bolt action rifles before then, but I can't find any references to it), and could now be considered on the edge of mainstream.
Hal has a change of heart as he begins to recognize the outward appearance of all the beautiful people he has met under the hypnosis. He decides he loves Rosemary anyway and reconciles with her before she leaves the country on a peace Corps assignment with her old, evidently less desirable than Hal, boyfriend.
So I was at NBC.com to see if you can still watch video clips from Conan O’Brien, which you can.* I found this out after the site, which oddly still has a winter wonderland theme, finally loaded. I was doing this after talking to my mom on the phone. She said that Conan was not funny at all, and that NBC could have saved a lot of trouble if they just called her first. She described him basically the way everyone else except P.J. O’rourke describes Jay Leno. “He’s not funny,” simple, self-evident, how can you argue?
They've created an ad that quite simply celebrates the joys of good cask beer in a good pub - not the joys of hops and malt and yeast, but the moment that beer - and only beer - can create.
all gold and lapis
Carville: “…if you want to save your job, this is what you should do. Fire somebody. No – fire a lot of people, really. Do it now. Before it’s too late.”
In early summer, Julie called me and said that she and Ron were celebrating their 20th anniversary. She wanted me to photograph them for the anniversary announcement they would put in the regional newspaper. Then, in her straightforward, characteristic style, Julie said, “I’ve been diagnosed with lung cancer.” She said she wanted the photo for the announcement, but also for her family in case “she didn’t make it.”
7.Do I get any benefits for wearing a helmet?
EcoTensil is the company that has created the world’s most eco-friendly single-use spoons and they invite you to share your favorite green ideas and inspire the rest of us!
Otherwise how did she end up going to the US without checking on anything anymore? YG is tangled up in this weird and stupid riot on board of the cutter. And of course they end up in Mexico.
And for those of you who missed it, this is a bit from THE ACCIDENTAL GODMOTHER, a story about Tessa, a faerie godmother who wanted to be the princess. A touch of background so you can understand what’s going on: Tessa can cast any spell she’s ever seen (even from cartoons), but the rest of the story comes true too. Oh, and this hasn’t been edited since I put it down over a year ago, man my voice has changed (That’s why I’m rewriting this from scratch).
6. I have a very un-glamorous life working at a plasma donation center.
As part of this effort I am hoping that Chickens would be allowed within the city as per the same codes used in say Madison WI:
We finally headed to bed about 12:45am. As I was drifting off to sleep I think I had my first contraction. I couldn’t tell if had woken me up or not, as I was just falling asleep but it did hurt. I hadn’t really had any contractions that had hurt up to that point but this time it hurt and I thought… I think that was a contraction!
I didn't catch the song's title either but there're two of them - a man and a woman - singing to each other while a strange contraption revolves bafflingly behind them.
Orchestral Fireworks – 2:30 p.m. – Kleinhans Music Hall
You see before we bought our first house, I thought nothing at all of going up to a wall armed with a hammer and nails and just sticking things where ever. But a funny thing happens when you aren't renting anymore. Suddenly you feel a sense of responsibility over putting nails in perfectly good, brand spanking new walls. It's silly really. But this whole paralytic approach to decorating and "getting things wrong" has kept me...well...paralyzed. We dove right in and furnished the rooms where we spend the most time (kitchen, family room, bedroom) but never would I say we "decorated" them.
1075 ***D-V/6/1990. “Aristophanes’ Birds and the Problem of Zeus.” Basic Program Weekend Conference, The University of Chicago, Illinois State Beach Resort, Zion, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item B-7, above, pp. 157-70 (1997).)
I had to tell an old friend just last week that his young German shepherd had severe orthopedic changes associated with hip dysplasia. We often take radiographic films on large-breed dogs at the time they are spayed or neutered. The films we took on my friend’s dog revealed significant joint changes.
But despite the fact I don’t know the source material, I do consider myself a comic book movie girl, especially when it comes to the super heroes. Batman, Spiderman, Green Lantern, X-men – I’ve seen them all. Doesn’t matter how obscure the character is, I’ll probably check out the movie if I know it is based on a comic. As a genre, they are generally a lot of fun and have a ton of action. And since I’m not as familiar with the stories, I’m usually more forgiving than hardcore fans when they make changes or don’t do things exactly as they did them in the comic. I have no preconceived notions. How much do I love super hero movies? I actually own Daredevil on DVD. I may be the only person who kind of enjoyed that movie. Don’t underestimate the power of Ben Affleck in tights.
The feminists have been after the fashion industry for years and yet nothing's really changed, even with all the research that shows a correlation between teenage self-esteem and these magazines. But let's face it, there's a big difference between fashion magazines and books. We see fashion magazines as light entertainment. But books are an important part of our school curriculum. We teach our children about the importance of reading. And we send them out to the library and bookstore to look for books to foster their love of reading. But then they get there and the majority of the book covers resemble the covers of our fashion magazines.
The Hunter Valley Gardens also do their own Christmas Lights event - the Christmas Lights Spectacular! It's in its fifth year of running and t looks amazing!! Our family was invited to the Hunter Valley Gardens earlier this year to visit, in particular, their Storybook Gardens which the kids loved. We were recently invited back for the Christmas Lights event, however given the recent arrival of our third little babe and my illness, it is doubtful now that we will be able to get there. Instead, one lovely reader will benefit by being able to win a family pass to this event!
08. Life & Elevation (Feat. Medinah Starr)
Psychiatrist Lawrence Farwell developed the Brain Fingerprinting process, based on the notion that all experiences, including a crime, are stored in the brain. The electrical activity of a suspect’s brain is monitored with sensors on a headband attached to a computer, while the subject is exposed to words or images that are both relevant (“probes”) and irrelevant to the crime. Certain information would be meaningful only to the actual perpetrator and would include such items as what was done to a victim, where the victim was taken, items that were removed from the victim, and items that might have been left at a scene. The subject would not see this list until the test itself was performed. Irrelevant stimuli might include a different type of weapon, the wrong landscape, a different MO, or acts not performed during the commission of the crime.
“The pineapple has some trick up its sleeve,” a moose said.
To encourage people to stay in the service and to recruit new, more able people, the salaries can potentially be raised by a third over five years.
I expel you,
Oh. My.
DW: Great. Thank you so much.
To preface this post, I need to say that I usually don't do Halloween. Not only am I tired after making costumes for other people, so that I don't feel like making my own, but I haven't been invited to a Halloween party in years.
And at the end. How we laughed.
In Time of the Epistle and Gospel.
Today, everyone in the business wants a piece of the digital cake, as it were.
There are four major ways to shoot in beer pong:
So, when I got home tonight and found Harley Rotbart’s piece, Just Parent, No Philosophy Required, I took a deep breath and patted myself on the back. We all have different parenting styles. I am not going to shake my head at the mom who refuses to allow her kids to climb trees because maybe she had an awful experience of falling when she was little or witnessed another child have an awful experience or maybe she just gets anxious about it and doesn’t want to be sick to her stomach as they climb. Who knows why she is prohibiting it but at least she is at the park with them allowing them fresh air and swings and slides. And I am not going to poo-poo the fruit mom who refuses to put one unnatural food in her childrens’ bodies. Maybe she had a parent die from cancer or maybe she is a dietician (my mom used to be a dietician but I think I rebelled completely). I am trying so hard to not judge people – even when they may be judging me until the cows come home. Because in the end, all three of us moms tonight were there for our kids in the park – in the metaphorical bleachers cheering them on – and that is all that matters.
Quite a few law firms wait until a crisis comes around to kick-start their strategic thinking out about litigation support out of necessity. You don’t want to be planning during a crisis… do you? That requires two minds – one to manage and fix the crisis, and a second mind to evaluate and fix what lead to the crisis in the first place.
This is why I make the effort. Don't wait for someone else to do something you think might be a good idea. Just make it happen. I read a quote somewhere yesterday that stated "Be the person you want to meet". I love that. I have no idea who to give credit for that precious nugget. It is a good one.
I can’t give words for what that day meant for me. The hope and healing I saw. There was not a 5 hour long rage. There was not destruction of her things in the shame of what she had done. Months ago I would not have thought this scenario was possible, yet here we are. Standing in the middle of miracles…
(All images courtesy GSN.)
I can shower and wash away this wretched feeling. Wash away the layer of sweat that the demons covered me in. Wipe the slate clean for another day.
to fill these out and then check their own bucket
Now onto my card for today. I made this one for the virtual stamping night on Splitcoaststampers. This was the 5:00 pm challenge hosted by Kelly. She wanted us to create a card with either a chicken or an egg or both.
Just in random order
(and SWEETIE is doing well in the Amazon weekly deals - Friday is the last day to find it at this special before it goes back to its regular price - same with Firefly Dance. Thank you all for your support! Hmm, that's something to be grateful for this holiday season! - MY READERS! *heart is starting to grow* After this promo is over, I won't be mentioning it as I have been - you know how I like my "car salesman-free zone" here *laughing* :-D )
Before I start, fair warning- I am full of emotions, teetering on the edge of undue tears right now, and I figure it is best to dilute them through writing.
and remember, for your chance to be entered to win any of these giveaways, you must come join us TONIGHT! apricot lane boutique, provo's riverwoods, between 6 and 9 pm.
Didn't think I would get time to post this tonight but got housework done quicker then expected :) Off for my walk in a few so thought I would pop on and post this quickly.
Is it now
Complying with the opinion would have at least two major consequences. TDCJ would need to hold thousands of preliminary hearings that would've been skipped for alleged parole violators. And counties must hold parolees in jail longer while they await those hearings. Currently, parolees who receive preliminary hearings prior to revocation spend an average of 13 additional days in county jail compared to cases with only a revocation hearing, according to the 2009 annual report (pdf) of the Board of Pardons and Paroles.
“What we experience on the inside of our hearts and souls eventually bubbles up to the surface and overflows to others.” – Stephen Macchia in his book, ‘Becoming A Healthy Church’
I know really I have to safe myself and get this over with but it is so hard emotionally with everything coming at once. I knew it would be hard but damn it’s harder than I thought. I had a good cry in the car on the way back to release some of my emotions.
Connoisseur Tasting
I will offer thanks for what has been and was to come
Bit by bit, but not all at once. That's the way to do these things.
● L’espoin Mal Fait
Anyway. Back to the grindstone, which totally does not mean playing more games. Well. Maybe for a bit…
Thank you all for leaving so many comments here on the blog and for joining the new Blue Peninsula group on Ravelry in the past week. The names selected by the random number generator were: Fleurtje-Eliza, greyowl, and knitknucklehead. Congrats to each of you! I'll contact you on Ravelry to get your mailing information.
And my Herringbone Lace Shawl - an ideal first lace project, it introduces you to safe, easy and fun lace knitting. I teach you about the magical top-down shawl works. A great way to use up those single skeins of sock yarn.
HLF has developed All Our Stories in support of the BBC’s The Great British Story – A People’s History. Presented by Michael Wood, the new series will be broadcast on BBC Two. All Our Stories will also feature in five BBC Learning events at flagship heritage locations, which will be run in tandem with the TV series, to get people involved with their local heritage.
After those, we cracked open two of Mark's homebrews, which included a heavily hopped smoked porter (awesome Rauchbier) and the one that I have been waiting for ... a saison with tons of Brett! Both were very tasty, but the 2005 "bretted" saison was absolutely outstanding!
In that book, I explored the connections and intersections between my practice of traditional Karate and my practice of poetry … . I aimed to write a poem, grounded in my study of particular kata, that would somehow partake of the kinetic signature of that form.
“I had a dream last night”, said the butler.
Winter's unruly blanket
There were so many hits to this site, and all I can attribute it to is Pinterest. If you are a Pinterest junkie, like me, thank you so much for sharing my ideas there as well. More traffic to my blog, means more people sharing their ideas at For the Kids Fridays, and more traffic to you! Awesome!!!
Though I may wonder, I still will follow;
The full awards list is as follows:
Some of the extremely rewarding species of products will be jewellery.
Article 100
Nor any conceived
As if someone he trusted,
“Whatever, you’re a jerk, you’re trying to take the fun out of hockey, and you turned out to be wrong.”
"Hot dog!" came the joyful exclamation
Some breeds of dogs aren’t right with families with small children. Some cats don’t have the personality to live with family members that want to cuddle or handle them frequently. Maybe someone in the family has allergies that are aggravated by a particular type of fur. These are all considerations which should be researched before purchase, and your veterinarian can help you reach the answers.
Rights have little meaning unless they can be enforced and modern technology has made IPRs enforcement increasingly difficult. Photocopiers make it possible for anyone with access to a machine to reproduce works entitled to copyright protection and the Internet allows anyone to make literary or musical works available to the world.
Not necessarily. Most of the music is just compiled energy from some period in my life, that explodes into sounds or something.
~The other night dear, as I lay sleeping, I dreamt I held you in my arms... when I awoke dear, I was mistaken.. so I hung my head and cried.. you are my sunshine, my only sunshine, you make me happy when skies are grey, you'll never know dear how much I love you, please don't take my sunshine away~
I walk upon this earth that is my home,
This is perhaps a superimposition of contemporary class delineations on what are essentially ideological conflicts from a vastly different era to our own. I do not believe, for example, that any supposed ‘class war’ of the late nineteenth and early twentieth century can be conflated with the feudal system of the early Norman era in which even the military aristocracy and nobles were denied a voice by their King. Hence the Magna Carta.
When I saw an experiment involving cow manure and two-liters (a two-liter bottle figures prominently in one scene in the first book), I knew I had the perfect project around which to build the story.
I'm grateful to be feeling better, grateful to be able to go home soon, grateful for my family and friends, sad to know that I will indeed go through this cycle again and again, and yet grateful to realize that I'm still here.
I've also had my go-rounds with Chatty Patty. She has been an oozing sore on my ass all summer, and I shall regale you with tales involving her, I assure you. Tonight, I am just doing a sort of "get your feet wet again" montage, without the hairy details.
Later, she helped fill in some of the blanks. When I'd left the bed she'd come slightly awake, and even at that point she too thought she might have sensed something was amiss or awry. In any case, there were soon sounds coming from the bathroom that pulled her completely from slumber. There was a kind of extended groan, akin to the noise some epileptics make immediately prior to an episode. Then there was a thump, as if I'd fallen or stumbled. And then came a repetitive banging, most likely the washing rail over the bath being hit by something again and again.
Hi and welcome to the March Project Life Blog Hop! I'm still very much loving this project. I'm in a very happy routine of taking photos, emailing them to myself from my iphone (if taken from there) and printing on a regular basis.
It’s been a tumultuous, nerve-wracking few weeks as we worked to protect the right of writers to write and publish legal fiction.
All will cower.
As per usual, the Bowery Ballroom billed a well-put together lineup. Up first was Family of the Year, who were a prime example of the difficulty of classifying genres in today’s music scene. Their sound was parts rock (electric guitar rhythm strumming), parts folk (duo vocal harmonies at all times), and parts alternative (complementary acoustic strumming). This intriguing blend was well received by the thin audience since their live sound is much more vivid than their recordings.
born: 11/21/1976
If you want to take breaks, then by all means, take breaks. I do. In fact, last night I might have spent more time in child’s pose than actually doing Amber’s core stuff. But when everyone is facing the back, and you’re facing the front, it’s weird. If we’re all in tree pose, and you’re doing a headstand, that’s weird too. If it happens once, maybe you got confused. If it happens a lot, I’m going to think you’re trying to mess me up on purpose.
Revolution 2020 is a book not about revolution but about a love triangle. But since neither angle is well spoken about, it is a book about nothing much. However, since I’ve decided to go ahead and review it, I’ll say this. R2020 is a not-so-well told story about three caricatures: Gopal: a self-obsessed slowpoke (son of an ailing poor school teacher) ends up a corrupt director to the college. Aarti, whose primary reason of existance in this book is somewhat unfathomable. And Raghav, a sharp engineer who believes in the pen being mightier than the sword thingamajig.
Often confused with the march from Bridge Over the River Kwai.
Goes without saying – even that Vegas stripper Tempest Storm who claimed a one nighter with Elvis prior to his army induction had a photo with him.
I was especially excited about this beer. I absolutely love stouts, and I love sweet stuff. This seemed to be the perfect combination.
But the success of The Da Vinci Code is just the culminating phase of a gradual public awareness of Gnostic matters that extends back at least a century to the great Occult Revival of the late 19th century. At that time, Gnosticism slowly re-emerged from the shadows, nudged by the French occultist Eliphas Lévi, and propelled along by Madame Blavatsky’s Theosophical Society, French neo-gnostics such as Papus and Jean Bricaud, and researchers such as G.R.S. Mead (whose pioneering discussion of the Gnostics, Fragments of a Faith Forgotten, was for many decades one of the few sourcebooks on the subject for general readers).
Tariq
Grabbing a coat as I dash out of the door to collect my 11-year-old daughter from school, I catch sight of myself in the hall mirror. It’s never a joy to behold.
Carte Postale $12.00 (missing little merci stamp)
Pumpkin has been roasted, boiled, mashed, and blended. Baby O has eaten pumpkin mash and roast pumpkin pieces and the rest of us have enjoyed pumpkin scones, pumpkin soup and pumpkin pizza. There was even pumpkin in the pizza crust. Delicious it was too. Really really yummy.
'Shadowboxes' by Vanessa Blakeslee
The "Tesco Tax" being introduced in Northern Ireland this weekend is a bold statement by its community leaders that large businesses including retailers such as Tesco should start paying a little more to the communities they 'serve'. In light of the Portas Review of Britain's high streets and the effect that large out of town retail developments have had on town centres it's only right that the balance is redressed to help small businesses by redistributing the burden of business rates from those least able to pay to those most able to pay. And oh what joy that it's to be introduced on April 1st!
1. Preheat the oven to 180C/160C fan/gas 4.
Advantage-$399
1 created
from my pot on the table on our porch.
Each one will be sampled and featured here on The Year very soon.
Do they model perfection
2. Promote people’s well being. Any statement that can cause someone physical, financial, or emotional harm is also loshon hora.
The next concern is one of two choices. The person will then ask if I am taking calcium, or they will be concerned with making sure I can still have treats like ice cream.
So yeah, nothing amazing here, but at least it’s better than some of the other awful comedies from recent years. Does it use just about every modern comedy cliche? Yes. Is there too much contrived drama at the end? Absolutely. Does it bring much of anything new to the table? Not really. Did I laugh enough to recommend it? Just barely.
I'm not sure how many of you readers out there are the owner of a finicky 8 year old who loves to be read to but doesn't exactly like to read (even though I know he can do it!), but I can honestly say that right now I am loving a certain Mouse/Reporter that I was recently introduced to - Thank YOU - Geronimo Stilton for convincing my 8 year old that reading CAN be fun!
AC: Many people would disagree with you.
How We Get Cheated by Designer Handbags
The important point here is that all we have in our head is interpretations of the data stream that our senses dump continuously in our brain. These interpretations depend on what we have learned so far through teaching, thinking and observation.
And splashing your silver seas
Way back at Easter time, we went to stay with my in-laws. My Mother-in-law (MIL) was creating a new Noddy quilt for her shop. She wasn't entirely sure if kiddies knew who Noddy was these days. Back when Nathan and I were little, we used to watch Noddy all the time... not together of course. Would be years before we would meet ;-)
Here’s a full rotation, as it ought to go. John runs …
As you can see below, shows that Eliza requested to follow Jesse’s tweets.
The ladies find it hard to walk.
But Yi Gak is unfazed and tells him to just answer the question which he does, sticking to his story and denying they ever met. Yi Gak tells him that denying it means he’s a liar while admitting to it would make him a murderer. He ends it by saying that his fake cousin is both a liar and a murderer. Now that his feathers have been sufficiently ruffled, Tae Mu tells him that he’s just declared war. Why am I not scared?
That is the only word I could really think of to describe it…
King Charles I had his final night of freedom in a pub here (ironically, it was called the King’s Head, but – presumably out of respect and deference after the event – they changed it now to the Saracen’s Head); Lord Byron lived here (just before the Bramley was first grown…); and thousands of nameless impoverished folk eked out a living in the Workhouse, which sits virtually unchanged on the edge of town: a pretty sight on a sunny, spring day in March 2012, but probably rather a different prospect when it was built in the 1820s…
#6 Deni
Stake That has had quite a few covers now. Here are a few more:
In Southeast Asia espionage activity started prior the Japanese military attacks:
My friend Patti. Long walk with both dogs (thanks for taking one!) was a great way to catch up.
Even if I have a personal hygiene problem, he should not be allowed to insult me in the manner he did.
Glaze more teapots and
“Trusting in the Lord Jesus Christ for strength, I promise Him that I will strive to do whatever He would like to have me do; that I will make it a rule of my life to pray and to read the Bible every day, and to support my own church in every way, especially by attending all her regular Sunday and midweek services, unless prevented by some reason which I can conscientiously give to my Saviour; and that, just so far as I know how, throughout my whole life, I will endeavor to lead a Christian life. As an active member I promise to be true to all my duties, to be present at and take some part, aside from singing, in every Christian Endeavor prayer-meeting, unless hindered by some reason which I can conscientiously give to my Lord and Master. If obliged to be absent from the monthly consecration meeting of the society, I will, if possible, send at least a verse of Scripture to be read in response to my name at roll-call” (Clark, Christian Endeavor, supra, pp.251-252).
Co-founder Michael Bayly said his group did not want to discourage
"The bill is anti-consumer and anti-community," advocate Ralph Nader declared. "It will mean higher prices and fewer choices for low-, moderate- and middle-income families across the nation."
I have to confess that when I started reading the book, I was a lttle disappointed as it felt a bit slow, and I found it hard to get into it. I decided to persevere and carry on with it, but I did feel like I had to push myself to pick the book uprather than wanting to pick it up at every opportunity which how I like to feel about my books! As the book progressed and I got a little bit more into the story, I enjoyed a little bit more, but still found it went a bit slowly for me, and I wished things would happen a little quicker as I did guess who Alice would end up with, and I sorted want her and him just to get a move on with things a little bit! I did enjoy the dating agency aspects of the book, they were quite readable and it was fun to read about all the girls that worked there, and their rivalry with Stella from another agency who made me laugh, and I wished there was more of these scenes!
Holy crap, I am late as hell posting this. It isn't the first time I got messed up with the Monday holiday. Though strangely, I posted yesterday. Super. I can't figure myself out.
Banana Man: Herb Aceous.
MATT find they shoulda wipe they foot before they jump in the dance.
We had so much fun today visiting the Seattle Sheraton's Gingerbread House Village display. Since moving to Seattle a few years ago, this has become one of my favorite family traditions. The edible gingerbread house creations are A-mazing! And what really makes it special is that all the proceeds go to the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation.
Its really a special and tough time in his life right know. Many choises to make.
Yes, quite princessy and girly!
Transitioning toward solutions
Description:17 favourite sentiments designed around Australians and their unique slang. There is a beautiful extract from a famous Aussie peom 'My Country' by Dorothea Mackella. The quotes are fun on their own or put a few of them together on your next crafting project. The bonus digital is a coloured Australian flag on a toothpick. Use the word art on your scrapbooking, card making or country crafting projects.
My complaint with this script is that even though it is by Tarantino, this is definitely not his best work by any means. Yes, he does get to use all of his trade-marks like funny one-liners, pop-culture references, and tense stand-offs but for some reason it’s not as edgy as you would expect. There was just something that felt like it should have really hit me harder and stuck with me more but instead it just ended up entertaining me and left me with a pretty happy mood. I don’t think Tarantino had full control over his story and that’s why the story may come off as a little more lame than his usual stuff, but it still at least works in a rather medium way.
I want you to make a birthday card based on your date of birth.
I finally got my jammies on. He was in the office. I was pouting and went down there to tell him my butt was now warm and it was all his fault. He was hugging me and smiling and telling me it was my fault. Of course I had to be bratty.
Unsunny Side of the Treat
Call me crazy, but the Saints will still squeak into the playoffs with the second Wild Card spot. They still have some dude named Drew Brees and an offense capable of putting up 50. Unfortunately, they barely helped themselves through the draft.
I made my first silent films in 1984 (on actual film) and have made several forays into the form over the ensuing decades — a new batch is in the works in conjunction with my new book Chain of Fools (due out September 2012). This of course makes me both the best and the worst sort of audience for something like The Artist and if I was the only one, I’d feel bad about it. A pre-screening canvas of my friends about the film proved to be a catalog of nitpicking. A graphic designer friend said the font in the titles was all wrong. A silent film scholar friend said, no, the fonts were correct, but the kerning and justification were all off. A friend who’s a fashion historian said the costumes drove her crazy. Me, I picked out an airplane that was from the wrong period, and thought much of the music and some of the camerawork seemed anachronistic.
Once you are satisfied with your middle blue, do the same technique for your third color. I started at the bottom of the chair, and worked up. Once the area you want solid is complete, you can use the fade technique from above to spray up and away into the middle color. You're almost done!
And now we wait for the next stage...when the buildings will be torn down. When that happens, we'll have an open view from our back balcony to the river...until the city has enough funds to build new apartments a few years from now.
~ Wipe down the countertops really well in all bathrooms with Basic H all-purpose formula and microfibre cloth - shine the mirrors and taps with Basic H mirrors formula and microfibre cloth
Football Friendly LG 47LH40 Brightens Any Darkened Room
The tower had given Psyche some more advice on how to survive the Underworld. First, she had to find a way past the Three Headed Guard Dog Cerberus who only allowed the dead in, but not out. Now it took brawn for Heracles to get past it and it took the power of music to allow Orpheus through, but how would Psyche get past it? Simple, a small cake, that's right a small yet delicious confection was all it took for Psyche to get past the vicious Cerberus.
I contacted Edith asking her if she would agree if I wrote a blogpost about her work, and she accepted.
To get a sense of the relative overall health of a party’s brand, I subtracted the percentage of responses that were negative from the percentage of responses that were positive.
Back to my fear of change, I think it stems from a lack of self-confidence. I have a lot of goals and dreams (Don't you dare make a joke about my name). I am attending SCAD for my B.A. in Game Development which should help me achieve my goal of getting into the Gaming Industry, although I can honestly say my confidence in the goal was tested during the last couple of weeks since I felt like I was falling behind and I made the wrong choice, why am I even going to SCAD?! I should have gone into banking! Banking would have probably been a nightmare since I am not a fan of math. I am actually making improvements in my classes now, partly because I actually watched the tutorials (got a gift subscription to Lynda.com, Thanks Katherine!) and worked on my assignments more than usual. At the same time I have to watch that I don't fall into the habit of waiting until the weekend to get my projects done. Part of it is being lazy, and I think the rest goes back to my mental roadblocks, as much as I want to succeed, I am afraid of the change that comes with it. At the same time I feel extreme pressure sometimes from others who I feel think that I do not have any focus and that I should be working, (currently I am doing ad building). While I am sure they are looking out for my best interest, at the same time I feel absolute judgement, like "no you can't do anything right". Which leads me to missing my dad more because he didn't care what others thought, especially if you had a self-righteous attitude. He could be the most caring person, but the minute you did him wrong or thought of yourself higher, your opinion didn't matter to him. I wish I had a bit more of that attitude, I always doubt myself, even with writing a simple message, I can usually find something wrong with it, especially when someone else has taken something out of context.
Every now and then I doodle at work to keep my portfolios fresh. Here is a quick sketch I made this morning to freshen up my fashion design sketches. I drew it with a Cobalt multiliner onto color laser copier paper. When coloring, I did not use any kind of blending groups, as I just randomly grabbed colors from my desk. You'll note that I used some colors in my shadows that had nothing to do with the main tones, like V17 as a shadow in many areas, as well as BV00.
NOTE: You may need to remove staples from the back of your letters if they came with a hanging tag. A small flathead scredriver or small needlenose plyers will do the trick to pry those babies off. I won’t lie, I had to have my hubby get most of them out for me, so if you can’t do it yourself, you can probably skip this step and still be able hang them if you like.
Thanks to you all, I have learned a TON about hydrangeas over the past 24 hours! (Check out this post for more info.) Today, thanks to the very helpful folks at a local nursery, I picked up a couple new hydrangea bushes and learned a bit more:
Ran to Chat to meet DBo and Joel at 6am before heading across on Mesa for an ascent of Fern Canyon. Bopped over Green on the way back, encountering some fairly treacherous icy conditions (freezing mist/drizzle all morning) on the 1st Saddle descent. Legs still have no pep on the uphills, but really psyched to get through this length of run with the shin feeling good.
11. Eternal Torture (CD Bonus Track)
Which brings me to my point. If anyone asks me if they should get a dog, I always same the same thing. Don’t do it!
When I woke up, I took my coffee out on the patio. I noticed something wasn't right with my plants. They were fine just an hour ago, before I laid down. Upper left corner and bottom right. When I inspected them, the bottom right one had been dug up, chewed and laying on the petunias.
Squads gather everywhere by common consent and arm,
The biggest washout on Kenyan TV is undoubtedly Q TV. For once, a TV channel other than **KBC managed to irritate people. I tried giving Q TV the benefit of doubt because I thought they had one or two watchable shows. Nothing. Nada. Niente. Nulla. Let me try Swahili, HAKUNA. The entire channel is unwatchable. I agree with whoever said that Q TV is the fifth horseman of the apocalypse, because the fact of the matter is, Q TV is enough to make anyone commit suicide. Even a cat with its nine lives wouldn’t survive it. In fact, I heard the government is working on a deal that will allow in-mates in Kamiti to swap their Jail Time for Q TV. Yeah, it is that serious. Someone joked on twitter that they are ISO certified; they are eye-sore certified that is.
Since then Joshua has also calmed down somewhat and home life is a little more settled on the whole.
However, through Book Country, you can also sell your book on those major retailers, such as Amazon and Barnes & Noble. This is where the real trouble starts.
It was wonderful to hear from so many of you about how much you all enjoyed and were edified by part one, and part two of “Super Bible Facts for Super Bible Study”. Now, before we move along to part three and the next 10 Super Bible Facts for Super Bible Study, I want to point out once again that it is super important for you all to become fully aware that the messages from the first chapter of Matthew to the last chapter of Revelation FIVE different groups or classes of people are addressed.
I will say though...I play pranks FAR less often now.
I find this image fascinating. It's on Todotango here and I don't have permission to use it. I'll have to remove it if this is a problem with Todotango. I hope not.
the joggers' sudarium.
These short sales are exclusively for Private Outlet members. To become a member and receive our invitations, all you need to do is sign up for free.
Aluminum cans - can be torn apart and used to cut themselves or others
“It was damage upon damage,” he said, referring to the problems leading up to this final heart attack. “She couldn’t take it anymore.”
Speaking of the future, Mahmoud says: “before the attack I played lots of sport and I had wanted to be a PE teacher or to open a sports club. But all these hopes are destroyed. Now my only wish is to leave my formal education and focus on my religion and learn the Koran”.
I'm going with Yonny Perez over Joseph Agbeko and Abner Mares beating Vic Darchinyan. I personally love watching the smaller weight classes, I'm really looking forward to these two fights.
Lounging in my jammies reading and drinking coffee, what a GREAT way to start the day. Soon came breakfast. A toasted everything bagel with lots of butter & 2 eggs, sunny side up and 3 slices of bacon. I'm getting hungry just remembering it.
Place this into a rectangular baking dish.
If you have been following my blog, you know that a little bit of history always precedes my recipes. It is not different today, of course you could scroll directly down to the “important” part, but I know you wouldn’t do that!
Clearly, President Zuma is slipping in the approval stakes, even within the ANC leadership’, and things will probably come to a head in December when the ruling party meets in Mangaung in the Free State to elect a new leadership consisting of its top six officials—president, deputy president, secretary-general, deputy secretary-general, chairperson and treasurer—and the 80-member National Executive Committee (NEC)’.
02 One Mans Pleasure 04:15
your fingertips, hair and smile
I have been going through card making/blog withdrawal as I have been busy getting costumes ready for Halloween. We are all dressing up as puppies and the costumes my husband and I found needed a lot of love. They finally look like puppies, so I immediately headed into my craft room to get my 'fix.' I tried to make a CAS vintage card - not sure if I pulled it off with the mice! What do you think?
Tomatoes - Amish Paste and Brandywine - Not sure of other varieties yet, but another slicer and a sweet cherry tomato as well. We're hoping for more consistent rain this year to help prevent the blossom end rot we dealt with last year.
“I am so grateful to have been awarded this scholarship,” he said. “It is a unique opportunity, and will give me both knowledge and experience to help with my future.”
An interesting introduction by Michael Moorcock, and an afterword about the science by Big Bang theorist Professor George Gamow provide useful bookends to the main event, and the lovely endpapers feature a blazing sun.
#4 1988 Gilbert Contreras El Paso High 800 Meters 1:49.8
We decided to drive through the night. We have to make regular stops for Gary to piss and poo. Jimbo also grabs a bit of scrub bush at every opportunity so that Gary the Goat has something other than the car seat to chew on while he is sat in the back. He is a happy travelling companion who surprisingly does not smell. Well… not as bad as Jimbo. The pair have clearly bonded and Jimbo cannot stop telling me about how much his life has improved since he got a goat.
92. Lay is positioned as the main dancer, and entered the EXO-M subgroups.
Other documents released under FOI have been heavily redacted to prevent disclosure of methods for ”preventing, detecting, investigating and dealing with illegal disruption to critical energy infrastructure”.
You can see it here:
And insinuated it was the "One Year" anniversary (actually on January 4, 2012) of the self-immolation of Mohamed Bouazizi - the act that sparked the questionable "Arab Spring".
When staying up late at night, there's typically not a lot of television to watch. Having grown up a bit, I've found myself becoming more fond of late night talk shows. One of my favorites is Craig Ferguson. He's funny, unorthodox, and just obscure enough that I don't feel like a follower when I watch his show. He has a theme song, and one of the lines in the song is "Tomorrow is just a future yesterday." This is one of those phrases that really gets me thinking. After 48 hours, tomorrow will be in the past. It's something I wanted to play around with, and after much deliberation, I found the perfect use of this phrase. It is the title of a short story I'm currently working on, and it's going to be a doozy. I'll keep you updated as it nears completion.
That memory popped to the forefront of her mind and she nodded. The man had made her drink his blood. It had been disgusting and she could feel it inside her.
If limbs start falling off the body, then they have to ADMIT that it's a corpse that they've been building for 40 years, instead of pretending that it's a fresh dainty maiden (which is the only "truth" that they allow to be spoken). And this is precisely the problem, on the eastern shores of the Atlantic. Portugal, Ireland, Greece,and Spain (and maybe Italy, and almost certainly others) had no business in the Euro Zone. These countried benefited enormously between 2000 and 2007, with incredible growth rates, but now are no better able to weather the contraction than the 1870s USA going off silver coinage. The Euro Zone is fixin' to collapse, and many - and maybe all - countries will go off it sometime next year as a wave of economic disaster washes over the continent. And this ignores the Carbon Tax that Europe's Green Elite is trying to ram down the continent's throat.
Goober – That’s what my fiance calls me ALL the time.
It is not up to our lovers, husbands, wives and partners to make us whole. It is up to us to turn our attention to the divine and tap into that eternal light. It is our job to focus on and celebrate the divine within our partners, and forgive their shadow, as we too have shadows.
I began Sunday afternoon and felt like I was slapping dough for hours on end. In order to bring this into work, I set the alarm for 2:30 am so I could pop it into the pan and let it go through the final rise. As I was padding through the dark house, I came to really appreciate bakers and the time they spend making bread! Went back to bed and woke up to a nicely risen dough! A quick pop in the oven and voila! Kugelhopf!
All you need to make nut milk is your favorite nut (or a combination – get creative!), water, a blender, and a strainer. Of course a nut milk bag is the most convenient, but don’t let that stop you – there are all kinds of things you can use instead, which I mention in the video above. You can even flavour the nut milk with vanilla, raw honey, agave, or dates. Delicious!
For all those impatient for me to post something of significance, I wrote this little thingy for you. It’s called Torture.
Here he underwent a mysterious process called "radicalisation" which seems to happen to all Muslims in the West who aspire to slaughter infidels.
Cabinet knobs: $4
Scares. Yeah, there’s a bunch of them and they get more advanced as the movie goes along. The first being that viral video within the first couple of minutes through the hilarious “I’m standing behind you and don’t want to scare you…” moment, to the atmospheric mood that seeps in when they start to explore the basement, the really effective in-camera tricks, to the straight out grotesque moments which the movie culminates with. Yeah, West does deliver the scares, the shocks and the uncomfortable moments once again… and you know what, the second viewing is more so as you start to add together things you picked up in the first viewing with events in the second.
"Oh good," my mother replies. "For a moment, I was afraid I was turning into the Master."
So, people who actually know a lot about the sport of soccer, and not just its geopolitical implications or the thigh girth of the leading players, are predicting this World Cup will be dominated by Spain, Portugal and Brasil (uh ya no duh). But, till they’re eliminated, I’ve got Mexico, South Africa and Algeria on my mind. Anyway, who wants to grab a quick pre-work beer with me on Friday to catch the opening game? Cool, I’ll see you at Nevada Smith’s at 7 AM. That’s officially too early to get date raped, right?
I think I'm all over the board with this at times. For the most part I use my PMC components as my focal in my jewelry creations, and I adore pairing my pieces with other art beads. Glass, ceramic, polymer clay, I love them all!! I've been using Sari silk in my work lately and it's been fun and challenging. I'm enjoying adding another dimension to my work!
I want my country back.
Gunpowder Trading Co (Monkton, MD) Bison sliders
That's a lovely piece of cover design, one of the best I've seen this year. What I like about it is there's evidently a lot of thought gone into it, not least because there are so many names listed on the jacket back flap it almost reads like the closing credits of a movie, or maybe a particularly elaborate band intro. We've got Tracey Paterson credited for the front cover image; Mauritius/Alamy credited for the back cover image (those pesky image libraries are never far away...); Petra Borner/Dutch Uncle on the patterns; and Claire Ward/TW on overall design (and John Bonham on the drums – good evening Norwich, we are here to rock you).
Charlotte has kids with Special needs, so she knows what I'm going through. And I think one of Maria's is aspergers too. Not yet hit puberty, though. That's when it gets "fun"... Ha!
End word count: 51, 381
That, and my awkward knees and record-breaking lack of flexibility have proved an inconsistent barrier. My knee has been known to give out on me occasionally, sometimes in the middle of the second mile, sometimes at the beginning of the tenth mile, and sometimes never. Once it starts to give, there’s no stopping it. I either stop immediately and rest, or I provoke it into hurting for at least a day or two.
This will be the 1st Fathers Day without my Dad.
So, I don't have a lot of time this evening, so here it is
A fabulous idea, but not always possible.
The basic trap is fiendishly simple. The vault is built beneath a waterfall, and all of its workings are powered by the running water above. The top chamber is the main trap: In order to release the stone over the stairway that leads to the vaults below, someone must put their arm inside a stone lion’s mouth and pull the release switch (a complex device that requires a five-fingered human-sized hand to operate). When this is done, the lion’s mouth locks around the unfortunate’s hand and the switch locks around his fingers, pinning him in place. Then, a massive blade begins to slowly drop towards the pinned individual.
Step 7: I have not closed any orders recently, even though some have been open for months. I may choose to do so at some point, and that’s up to you, but I just let them ride. Some currencies do have higher carry costs and may be worth closing at some point. In 2010 when I did some major tweaks, I closed some losing positions. Also, my initial Short Strategy was a loser and I pulled the plug on that and took quite a hit, so you will see losses there. That strategy is no longer employed and those losses should not have happened – it was a dumb strategy. 10/15/2010 was the fateful write-down day, and will be reflected during the October 2010 recap. Oh, well – not everything works.
...there's still room for improvement.
That's because no one wears them anymore, honey.
I do not remember where.
Maggot pudding with cockroaches
What did I internalize from achievement/experience?
Nevertheless it’s a little thing. Yesterday I was looking after my daughter and her friend, who were sitting on my head as I made my way through 100 of the world’s favourite nursery rhymes. Suddenly three fire engines lurched round the corner followed by an ambulance. Sirens whined, blue lights whirred, people arrived at windows clutching babies and looking on with fearful expressions. I opened the door and craned around the door jamb to see thick black smoke gushing out of the basement two houses along, across a small alleyway. Firemen in purple suits jumped dramatically from their vehicles, unfurling hoses and spinning taps. A couple of them ran down the steps into the basement and emerged a while later, panting, faces smeared with soot. It wasn’t like watching a fire on the news. It was real and urgent and frightening.
Miracle On 34th Street (1947) ... TCM ... 12 AM
So much to be grateful for, so many kindnesses...lunches, flowers, videos, surprise boxes!
After two hours you can remove from the oven and take the lid off.
rinsing, refreshing the eyes,
Yes, that's a RED tomato! I started these 'Tigerella' tomatoes last year and none turned red. I'm so glad that at least one is turning this year. In a few days my in-laws will be visiting from California, hopefully we'll be eating tomatoes from the garden while they are here.
i was . . . (shhh) HORRIFIED. i know this probably wouldn't be the first reaction any of you would have, but when i saw that, i couldn't help but think to myself, "i send my kids to this school, to be educated, and whoever is sending out the memos can't even understand how possessive punctuation works?" i mean, this is what is taught IN GRADE SCHOOL. my kids GO TO GRADE SCHOOL. the people in charge of the school DO NOT KNOW THE THINGS THEY TEACH, or, perhaps even worse, DON'T CARE IF THEY USE IT PROPERLY IN OFFICIAL COMMUNICATIONS.
DW: What percentage of the Pentagon is on the side of this alliance?
And then it rises with the fall
After the 1949 season, the Newark Bears were moved out of town. In 1950, the Newark Eagles folded operations also. And just like that..., Newark's glory days of Baseball were over. A new version of the Newark Bears made a brief go of it in the New York-Penn League during the years 1950 through 1952. But they also ended operations.
ETA: There has bee much useful discussion in the comments. To that end, I offer a new option, thusly:
Are you a reader or writer of genre-challenged novels? Does an 'inappropriate' mix of crime, thriller, mystery, romance, murder, intrigue and naughty bits do it for you? Have a pickled egg. Surprising and lovely.
And great is the gladness that doing them brings-
Below are three brief excerpts from Chapter VI “The Dictatorship of the Proletariat,” of Russia Unveiled by Panaït Istrati , translated from the French by R.J.S. Curtis.
Consensus: The British charm of these Aardman flicks may not be as strong here as it is with so many of their other flicks, but there is still a lot of fun, adventure, and dry humor to hold not only the kids over, but the parents who bring them to this film as well.
No man on earth felt ever such distress.
I'm not quite sure why this wasn’t released in the theatres. It's a nicely done family film; but the cast, while good, is largely unknown. As mentioned above, the special effects at the end are a little flat, especially for audiences used to Harry Potter and Chronicles of Narnia.
And bathed them in the glee;
She was very casually dressed, yet nice. With thought for her look, and the affect. Ordinary, yet elegant.
1/2 tsp almond extract (or 1 tsp almond liquor)
The unlockable content ranges from the usual concept art and videos to the surprisingly insightful developer letters detailing the symbolism behind each game, and eight additional songs. These extras may be a tough sell for those who already own many of the games, but the added challenges and varying difficulty levels certainly give much more value to each individual title.
To get arches that look like mine, the top of the curve should be about two inches from the top of the MDF rectangle. No matter how high your arch is though, you'll need the bottom edges to be 1" wide.
One quote from that page: "when someone lies to someone else, it's because the person doing the lying actually does not trust the person being lied to."
Why I’m waiting: I love a good Victorian mystery and Mary is an intriguing heroine, a half-chinese spy is hardly common in the genre. This is her third adventure.
Part of my attempts to learn more about blogging has led me to be reading up on "linkys" and "mrlinky" and the like. I have to say... it seems to be way over my head. LOL. But I'm going to try it out and hope to do this right...
You can follow me on Twitter @dawnsrose and e-mail rosiesgames71@gmail.com in regards to this Blog. I write articles for swtor-life.com. Most of what you will find posted here is what I have published on that site.
In honour of Mother's Day we have a pretty, feminine card to share with you.
At the end of the day he’s not my boyfriend but he is my hero. Quite how we make any community of likeminded believers work can frankly be sorted out in due course.
8: Tangerine
From the article, it may seem impossible to arbitrate who’s right, but, as I contend (with backup evidence) below, in some places Yormark is either misremembering or simply not telling the truth.
We were in Toys R' Us yesterday looking for the Imaginex Spinning octopus and Dragon boat accessories for The Pirate ship and Dragon Castle that Mum bought Jake and Fin. We found the Aisle and there are 2 women with 2 or 3 kids there debating over some of these imaginex things. They were blocking our way so we were looking from where we were to see the octo and the dragons and either me or mum spotted the octo and said "oh theres the Octopus" and pointed. the Blond bimbo mums look at me and do not move. Clearly there was competition there. The shelves were pretty bare, and the big sets were on sale so I believe it had been fairly picked over. The women didn't move, just looked at me.
Another very important aspect to blogging presence is being recognized on the blogs of others. Make friends in the community of other bloggers. Give credit to what other bloggers are doing and showcase them on your blog. Host guest bloggers if you can. And whenever possible be a guest on other blogs if you are invited to do so. Maximum exposure without overexposure is the name of the game in blogging.
Well, today’s your day
I love it when you love me gently, it’s so very sweet
Bag: Ladybugs Satchel Bag- Shine (Kawaii Fair)
The Coffee Road
3 stalks of celery cut up
(General Najiya shows the ball of wax to Fareda.)
This is another of the special order cards on my list. Brittany is horsey-mad and I think this is the only horse stamp I have! I wasn't sure what to do with the sentiment so added it in a rosette.
Not knowing when they send renewal forms out I posted the question on Twitter. A kind woman posted a reply almost immediately stating they’re sent out 6 months before expiry of claim, this then means I should get my forms no later than the end of June (around 2 months).
Us girls dream of our prince, of that first magical kiss.
To God, while outraging the moral law
Thusly I would not buy an apple from this flakeazoid lest it contain razor blades.
Once again I put the call-out to friends, housemates and colleagues that they could join me in the latest of my history making, taste-killing, logic-defying filmic outings. I offered them a world of pop, lock and robot moves like they had never seen it before. Surprisingly, very few people answered the call. Even the indiscriminate Peta, with whom I once sat through an unofficial Cutting Edge-a-thon*, bowed out.
But 10 kilometers into it, and the rough roads started to appear. And to top that, we finally encountered the uphills.
When you compile and post your list of 50, 100, or 200+ classics to read within the next five years at your blog, come back here and link your list to this blog according to these instructions. Every time you write about a classic from your list, link it at your main list at your blog. When you finish your entire list, come back here and “reply” to your original comment that announced your list, to let everyone know you have FINISHED your list.
'Who has more power - the party or the people?'
I've often said, in reference to various liquor laws (but most often Pennsylvania's), all I want is to be treated like an adult. Don't tell me I can't have a beer because it's got a picture of Santa on the label, don't tell me I can't buy booze on a Sunday, don't tell me I can only buy two sixpacks at a time in a bar and no sixpacks in a beer store, and don't tell me that the State has to control the sale of booze because otherwise I'd go crazy with it.
D is for the dingo, a treacherous brute you'll find.
Many men just don't worry about saving for retirement, or getting a house, or becoming stable when they're single. Single women buy homes; single men tend to live in apartments because they don't care as much. But in the long run they do themselves a disservice, because when they do marry (if they do), they've lost about a decade or so of good earning years and saving years.
I know we all have days like this. Sometimes weeks. But it feels like more than that. It feels like the world is different somehow. I can't explain it, but I feel it.
Me: Some people really like horses. What happened to us?
In the last few weeks, I’ve been really digging into eschatology; reading some great stuff and listening to a whole bunch of sermons/lectures from multiple camps (i.e. learning about positions from their strong proponents, not detractors). I’ve also been slowly assembling a sermon that I’m going to preach somewhere soon, and the other night I got totally caught staying up way too late and scouring my bible to try to gain more insight into something. I’ve been working slowly through Zechariah 1, spending some time in 1:7-17 and the other night I decided to dig through what the OT teaches about the angel of the Lord.
What in your life do you think will never change? Leave me a comment below. Also, a big thanks to Steve Tanner for his comments on Friday’s post, which gave me the idea for this topic.
I always “won” at writing in my old school, and I guess I became used to that, and here I’m being beat by a mere sports fellows. This can not pass. It has to be pistols at dawn for this slight. But first I’m going to have to buy him a drink, and remember that I’m not the only person here that wants to be a writer.
I love the pale gray-green subway tiles, but I am too chicken. White is safe. White is beautiful. But white needs texture.
Times are hard for all and small publishers are really feeling the pinch. If you are in need of a good read, do please consider Salt as your first port of call. You don't even have to leave your desk - they have an excellent online shop. You could buy my short story collection Nude (plug plug) or, if you write, Short Circuit, their guide to writing short fiction. Or if you are a poetry nut, Jane Holland's Camper Van Blues. Look, there are hundreds of worthy titles on there - pop over for a browse.
There’s nothing like being prey. You never relax. You never sleep soundly. You startle easily. You have to identify every noise in the room you are in. You have to identify every smell. You never know where the danger is or where the attack will come from.
The great Van Morrison arrives
Making bits and bobs to sell at a couple of Christmas events coming up soon!
So I gave up on line dating..
He enters the hotel, lays a 100 Euro note on the reception counter, and goes to inspect the rooms upstairs in order to choose one.
No matter what you are going through right now, I have one simple question. Do you trust God wholeheartedly? What is that trust based on? Is it part-time trust? Is it based on a full bank account, or a guaranteed job? Is it based on our love ones living forever? Is it based on if we inherit a large sum of money? Is it based on Him healing us or our love ones? Is it based on you having the man or woman of your dreams? I got news if you answered yes to any of these questions then your love for God is based on conditions and His love for you is not based on these things.
“A friend of a friend recommended Jonathan Davidson and when he arrived at the first visit in a 20-year-old Saab 900 I knew he was more concerned with style over practicality and that we would be able to work together.”
That means Jesus set the tempo for the dance.
So after adding my 4 Attack Bikes and 2 Rifleman Dreads, I’m at 450pts. More musings later!
country strong, huh? we both thought the "before" was pretty funny, but the size of the set was perfect for her kitchen, and the pieces were strong and durable. she wanted to do a "farm table" look to the table (similar to this table i did a while back), and i thought a putty green-gray color would be pretty for the chairs. plus, i think it's complementary to the "farm table" look.
Using a varety of materials interwoven, intertwined in surpising ingenuity
I'd love to know where you ate. I live in Sonoma County and I always love to hear people's restaurant raves.
Eliza Langhans sent a great line to begin with, from Amanda Filipacchi's novel Nude Men: "I am a man without many pleasures in life, a man whose few pleasures are small, but a man whose small pleasures are very important to him. One of them is eating. One reading. Another reading while eating."
William S. Burroughs was one of the most influential and prolific authors of the Beat Generation. While living in Mexico in 1951, he accidentally shot and killed his common law wife Joan during a foolish game of William Tell. Once the bullet entered her forehead and she fell to the floor, Burroughs felt a Curse of his own take hold, a creature that he called the Ugly Spirit.
My husband looked down to see if he could see anything and said "the head's out!", whoops, seemed I'd forgotten to mention that! The next couple of minutes were incredible. I felt a movement and shouted at my husband to stop touching the baby! "I'm not!" he said. Then again, another movement - "DON'T touch him!", "I'm not!!".
April 2, 2011 10-4 Topiary tree w/gypsy class
As the three-men’s friendships grow, a chance encounter with Seeta makes them realize they all have fallen in love with the same woman. The movie follows the lives of the male leads – “Rahul,” “Tom”, and “Bhavuk”, who have all independently met the beautiful “Seeta” at different stages in their lives. The city backdrop depicts a New York summer and makes its urban-natural beauty an important supporting character This Indian – American independent film is about ‘falling for a girl who doesn’t believe in love’, interweaving friendships that cross-traditional borders of ethnicity. The love triangle envelops the characters and their friends. They reach-out to their friends outside the group to cope with falling in love with Seeta. Love Lies and Seeta is a new-age romantic comedy set in New York Summer.
Music lessons. We do have a free piano we acquired from Craigslist. In very educational manner we found a piano book that is an amazing way to teach your kids how to play it. It is very easy on your budget as well.
Together we will take a tasting paddle to five different styles, as represented by some of the country’s best craft beers, from a nice easy drinking lager through wheat beers, amber and APA through to porter. Accompanying finger food will be served as will a generous helping of Beer Blokes Beer Trivia and plenty of Q & A and general beer chat.
That magical spell was quickly broken when it dawned on me that a) we had to drive through this, and b) I had to give birth.
We managed to get out of the shop with only a small purchase. Now, we had to cross the street to get over to the restaurant. It’s a pretty highly trafficked road but, as I learned during trips to the crowded cities of South Asia, it’s best to observe how the locals get past the cars, and mimic that behavior. (Taking hostages is most common on the mainland of the Indian sub-continent, while automatic weapons fire and elephant-riding are favored in Sri Lanka.) A couple of young women in low-slung pants and mauve hair walk out into the roadway completely oblivious to oncoming motorists. They have a right to be there, and besides, wouldn’t it be so ironically sweet to be struck dead by passing SUV?
I'd like to dedicate this song to all those named in it. I hope this does not offend those of the faithful who were recruited to the CV project because it isn't aimed at them. This song is about how many are 'called' but few are 'chosen' in the Church.
A former senior intelligence official says the waterboarding of KSM, quote, “took his spirited defiance into a zone of cooperation,” adding that the harsh interrogation tactic critics described as torture was not used to elicit information but rather to alter the detainee’s mindset. Philip Mudd is a former CIA analyst.
Oatmeal, flax seed, brewer’s yeast and almonds have all be found to boost milk supply. It is also important for nursing moms to consume plenty of calories, and with a baby to take care of; these cookies make for a great snack. This recipe yields about 40 cookies.
I appeared on my first magazine add in the South African Shape Magazine for the USN Phedra Cut Lipo XT product.
First it was the domestic wiretaps; the administration didn't deny doing it, but they managed to get the New York Times to sit on the story for a full year efore publishing it. Now they want to put unmanned drones in the air to watch God-knows-what. There's no longer even the slightest attempt to hide the impending surveillance society.
Fmr. Rep. Harold Ford, Jr. - D-TN
This revolt (against traditional systems in thought, in politics, and in economics) had two very different forms, one romantic, the other rationalistic. The romantic revolt passes from Byron, Schopenhauer, and Nietzsche to Mussolini and Hitler; the rationalistic revolt begins with the French philosophers of the Revolution, passes on, somewhat softened, to the philosophical radicals in England, then acquires a deeper form in Marx and issues in Soviet Russia.
Well you could put a bomb in your protagonists back pocket with a timer set to the end of the book, but that's not really very realistic, is it?
My sister and I would sit together and take turns opening one present at a time in a nice orderly fashion that I, the younger sibling, usually dictated. We would all “Ooo” and “Ahh” over whatever gift had just been revealed until there were no more. It is at this point that I remember sitting surrounded by new toys and just staring at them in overwhelmed awe that all of that could really be mine.
Lianhe Zaobao made a big ‘boo-boo’ by putting the wrong photo of Colonel Yau Thian Hock on its front page and website today in an article on Colonel Yau’s resignation as Chairman of National Day Parade 2012 organizing committee:
Oh, I am supposed to be talking about the pantry right? So first things first. Organization. This lovely pantry redo was my inspiration. Love it! Here is a little pantry redo for ya!
at five thirty you will be in the shower again.
The mid 40's are bringing me to the point in my life where I am having to accept that many of the dreams I'd once had for myself as a woman, wife, mother and Godly woman, are just that: dreams.
On the other hand, Rick Perry came from genuine hardscrabble roots. Perry wasn’t a bookworm; he became an Eagle Scout instead of the teacher’s pet. But Perry’s no slouch in the brains department. One does not get certified to fly big jets for the U.S. Air Force without some heavy-duty brain power. All in all, Perry seems to have opted for learning the things that apply to real life, while perhaps shunning those things preferred by the eggheads in academia.
Title: Vision in White (Bride Quartet #1)
Some explanatory notes:
This is how it all started.
Appearance: 4.5
Porn. It’s popular – VERY popular – and it’s commonly accepted as being ‘inspirational’ material for when you’re alone, but what if it’s wanted during sex?
Level 1: STR: +3, DEX: +3.
Still…
After 25 minutes, take the sauce off the fire and blend the mixture untill smooth. Then taste the sauce and add vinegar, salt, pepper and basil to taste.
U.S. Department of Energy. (1995). Closing the circle on the splitting of the atom. DOE, Office of Environmental Management, Washington D.C.
Willie Mays - Trenton Giants
I was always in his office, talking to him and annoying him. After a while, we got to be pretty close. So, when he moved out to Springfield to start Fiore MMA, he knew that I was kind of looking for where I wanted to make my next move. And, he actually offered to let me come and live with him and his family and train here.
Book Beginnings on Fridays is a meme hosted at Rose City Reader designed to feature the book you are reading right now by sharing the first few lines of the story.
His father Buck arrived in Socorro in the Forties to con some money out of Conrad Hilton. That part worked. But when ol' Connie found out, Buck wound up on the clink and Root grew up visiting his poppa every other weekend at the pen three hours away.
and Mario & Yoshi in Europe and Australia, is a puzzle video game developed by Game Freak and published by Nintendo. The game was released for the Nintendo Entertainment System and Game Boy consoles. Both versions were first released simultaneously in Japan on December 14, 1991, and then released in all other regions the following year.
Please upload your cards to your blog, a gallery, or photobucket and remember to give us the EXACT links to see them. You can do 5 of the same cards or 5 different ones (as long as they follow the current challenge) If you do 5 of the same, please show us a picture of them altogether. Thanks
russian sweets have the cutest packaging (besides Polish ;)). I'm particularly fond of mishka kosolapyi, which I've had today at work, courtesy of my russian colleague. we have a tradition in our team that whenever someone has candy from their motherland, they bring it to work and share. lucky for the danes, liqourice seems to be a thing only they're able to enjoy, no matter how much I adore all things danish (or scandinavian, for that matter) (mads mikkelsen being on the very top of the list).
hardly
Here's closer look (Sorry about the quality of the photos. They're all taken with my iPhone):
in just a few short months she has hit her stride and found a new love.
The tulip season is almost over and a week or so ago I got to see the farmers busy chopping off the tulip flowers (a process known as tulpen koppen, in Dtuch) and in some cases, even removing the bulbs from the fields to be sold, exported or stored away.
The recipe below is a low fat and very light. It uses only 2 tablespoons of oil and water to moisten the batter. The best part is you don't even need to take out your mixer or food processor to bake one. It is so easy for anyone to make. If your banana is already sweet, do adjust the sugar to your preference. For natural sweetness and strong banana flavor, use ripen banana. This recipe can easily be doubled.
There aren't any pictures of Sam in the water...he had a little too much fun and got his pants wet, so he took them off. Then he took his shirt off, too, just for good measure. So imagine, if you will, that just out of camera range Sam is frolicking around in complete freedom, and that's okay, Mom, because we're camping!
"though my heart is torn... I will praise you in this storm"
This is one of David's neat box rooms. Each box is filled with items that aren't needed on the floor yet. They are clearly labeled (example: "Girls 6-12 Winter") before they are stacked.
Akira Kurosawa's Dreams
Real Estate
Note that I used a little less of each darker tone, so that the overall effect is one of wood. You should test your browns since each blending family will feel a little different, but they don't always follow the rule of thumb about adding grays as you jump from one family to the next (like from the 40's to the 50's). In this case, the E44 has more gray than the E55, so it seems darker on the project. By adding E44 last it kept the edges on those thin streaks crisp. If I added the dark first it would soften my crisp lines when I added the lighter colors. I darkened the edge of the whole piece with the E44 so it matched the flower better.
with stretch material
General comment: A bit of an oddity, the flavours don't quite gel together, but still fun and interesting.
It took generations of master craftsmen from around the world to complete this masterpiece, and only seconds for Mother Nature’s wrath to dismantle the crown of glory. My old haunt visit must wait until another time.
Since then, the number has been steadily growing and as recently as just before the wedding, I discovered I was starting to get a concentration of them at the right and left of the top of my forehead. If my hair were black, it would be very Addams Family. I decided I liked it. Still, it came as something of a shock to find what can best be described as a stripe of grey/white in my hair when I pulled the front back this morning.
175
Dr. Brooks walks over and asks Elizabeth what she's doing. "Are you bothering this man?"
After the film, I went to the vendor room and was disappointed to see that the vendors were packing up so early, but I was able to buy a couple of prints from Chris Kuchta - a beautiful print of his painting of Bub from Romero’s Day of the Dead, a print of Hellraiser’s cenobites for my friend Rickey, and this amazing print of this Night of the Living Dead painting which I then had signed by John Russo (producer), Russell Streiner (he plays Johnny in the original film), and George Kosana (who plays the Sheriff in the original.)
You will have soft (but not sticky) dough.
In April, Sheehan will be part of the Five Days for the Freedom of the Cuban Five in Washington, D.C. She has agreed to serve as a judge at
100g cream
Trellis in Wonderland – Kath & others
In that vein, my list is littered with examples of the kind of listening I’ve done this year. In 2009, my list included mostly relative new-comers to the scene, much moreso than the established acts who put out great records imo. I also included a lot of acts that were not of your typical band set up. A lot of synths, handmade instruments, knobs, pedals, blinking lights, etc. As 2009 turned to 2010, I began shifting my focus to big ensemble jazz and straight up psych rock based around the power-trio of drums, guitar and bass. I bought a lot more old albums than new ones and began my gainfully employed life by trying to track down expensive, rare obscurities. And there you have my 2010 list. It is littered with absolute legends in their respective scenes (SCG, Keiji Haino, The Dead C, etc.) who I may have just accused of having their best work behind them if I were 2009 me. Funny how things change. Of course, there are also some established, but still youngins getting love here, and of course some genuine new blood, weirdo sounds, and Kanye. With that in mind, I present my top 15 albums of 2010 along with others considered, but also my favorite reissues of the year as well as my top pick for 2009 that I completely slept on. Enjoy and feel free to ask me about anything on the list if it piques your curiosity.
Need more proof? What do you think you’ve been listening to for the last 10 years? Compressed music and VOIP phone calls. What have you been watching for the past 5 years? Compressed video.
These are the three artists I cannot get enough of these days. Just ask anyone who's been hanging around me.
Guantánamo Bay prison is the cabal’s ‘anti-terrorism’ sacred cow, and must not be allowed to shut down. President Obama cannot be seen as a mature president who could undo with a stroke of a pen, what Bush-Cheney gang have sacrificed the lives of more than 2 million Iraqis, Afghans… and Americans to set up!
It’s true. I was worse than this.
- Dancing with my Dad – I loved dancing with my dad at my wedding. I think it’s one of those moments you always picture and it was perfect. I also loved dancing (swaying) with both my parents as we watched Kurt dance with his mom.
Rosa - the beautiful female model - ditto for details.
I did not say that children should be squashed.
It’s meant to be like a conversation between friends – swapping stories, sharing ideas, laughing about things that have happened, supporting each other when things have been difficult. If you are stumbling through family life, it can be reassuring to know that others are stumbling through beside you; and it can help to know what they are learning along the way.
one of those where in the instant of accident
You don’t have to have a blog to play along with the sketch challenge. If you upload your project to any on-line galleries or forums, please use the keyword of WMSC79. Better yet, why not upload it to your album in the Waltzingmouse Stamps Gallery?
sewing yarn of sorrow and regrets...
Jim joined Quantrill's Raiders the year after his father was killed, and Cole joined the actual Confederate Army. In 1865, after much success for Cole and a prison term for Jim, stemming from the raid that saw Quantrill shot dead, the two returned home, only to find their farm ravaged. It was then that the boys turned to robberies to bring in money and support their family.
I thank you for this day, and I pray for it to be a good day at work for Christi and for me. I pray for Christ’s “thing” this morning. Give her confidence and success, and let her know that you are right beside her at all times. I pray that she will be able to go through her day looking to you. I pray that Stephanie will feel better, as her throat has been bothering her some.
This is an A2 Card using Kraft Cardstock from CTMH as the base. The green layer, three pieces of different polka dot paper layer, the dark chocolate punched layer and the circle cut are all from the Pink Paisley (I think) scrapbooking kit from my LSS. I added some Divine Twine, Green Apple. The stamp is from My Craft Spot Tiny Tags set, the tag is cut from TBBM1 digital edition.
Kin: Dirnaith
1.) Physical or spiritual transformation will occur.
4Christ is become of no effect unto you, whosoever of you are justified by the law; ye are fallen from grace.
Now, unless I have to get up really early for a specific reason, I never set an alarm…my body wakes me up naturally between 6 and 7 am. So imagine my surprise when I woke up and it was 8:00 am! Five days of the week that wouldn’t be an issue. Unfortunately, today wasn’t one of those five. No time for shower…no time for coffee…just wash-up and get ready for work. It really made me feel out of sort for the morning…but sleeping was better than not sleeping.
On a different note, I woke up the other day to an email saying that I have had an article accepted. It's only short so the pay isn't great but it's something else for the resume and it's the first thing in a few months. Still not heard back from anyone regarding the fiction that I sent out a few weeks ago but a few weeks is a short time in this game.
I’m guessing it will. It has decent numbers for NBC, they like Katims a lot, and it has critical support. Again, I think if Katims could create a show with a stronger premise, Parenthood would be a distant memory for most.
I even have two folders full of papers to be shredded. (And the shredder probably needs to be emptied, but that’s another story.)
There are new licensors representing a catalogue coming to us all the time – new ones every day. Typically, I’ll get them to submit something for a show we’re working on at that very time. That’s a really big moment because it demonstrates if they get it, and if they do, then the relationship will really take off from there. If they submit something that’s really off the mark – I’ve had people sometimes that submit 40 tracks with only one deemed proper for the show. Sure, you could submit your entire library, but annoying the music supervisor is not in your best interest. I’ve asked people before when they have submitted things if they might have anything extra for an additional project that I’m working on. When someone comes back to me and says, ‘you know I don’t really have anything like that, thanks for reaching out.’, that is a perfect response. It’s so important to try and be as accurate as possible, and to be as honest as possible. If you don’t have it, that’s fine. But you should just say that, and avoid sending material just to see. Often I’m not reaching out to a metal label for their flamenco guitar but if we do by some chance, they can say, “Hey, we don’t have any of that stuff.”, I can say ‘great, I’ll reach out to you later when we need some metal tunes.” That’s where I stand on that. Either submit something that’s on the money or you think to be on the money or just say ‘hit me up next time, I’ll have that stuff.”
“It Never Entered My Mind” Interesting version, coupled together with Erik Satie’s, “Gymnopedie No. 1″
Barry Gifford and Lawrence Lee
Available from Cult Collectibles, who also do a Jill from The Beyond with alternate normal and shot heads, and various others for Rudy Ray Moore's Dolemite and the original Black Devil Doll.
5. Earnest: serious in intention, purpose, or effort; sincerely zealous.
“Fuck!” I shouted, standing. How?
Obviously I am a huge book nerd. King, Vonnegut, Palahniuk, and Harris are among my favorite authors. I like to read books on all kinds of subjects and in different genres, but especially horror. It is only appropriate that my first contest on this blog is a book giveaway. With the help of Random House, I have the opportunity to introduce you to author Stephen M. Irwin who has been positively compared to John Saul, Peter Straub, and the master himself, Stephen King.
Chocolate River by The Seeds
And I knocked over my just-refilled ice water with my boobs and it splintered over the table with a spectacular crash, soaking Sara’s pretty, full-color rights guide and sending death-shards of glass out over the floor.
Consider further -- does invading an entire region of parochial tribes to fight a group of wing nut terrorists, at times fighting tribal people that fight us only because we have invaded their territory, make terrorism more likely or less?
And this is what I’m going to add;
He won’t care about the money that you spent for bonds or stocks, but the care you spent for others overwhelmed by life’s hard knocks.
Just kidding. She's safely tucked away on the bookshelf for exercise reference.
In order to gain trust, you have to give your trust out first. Think of it as an investment. Make it known to your people. One easy way to do this is to give a responsibility – one small thing that really allowed me to feel trusted at work (and to trust in return) was to be given an office key within my first week.
Archives
The game was a rather ugly affair that boiled down to a war of attrition. The Khador armour and mechanics helped to keep me in the game and the more fragile elves were gradually eliminated. After a few turns my opponent Matt realised it was unlikely to go his way and conceded the match. Not the best game, but I am pleased to have kicked off the third club league with a win.
As an artist myself, I can attest to the fact that is can be difficult to step back and see one's own work objectively. I have made things - paper corsets, mesh dress sculptures, paintings of dresses without bodies but with the suggestion of movement - without really understanding where the ideas came from or what I was trying to say. Often times, my artist statement has come together after the work is completed. I know that many artists work this way, but for this project, since I'm documenting the process as I go, my work is a lot more reflective. I now know that at the root of what I do are two dominant themes - 1. the construction of femininity through fashion and 2. vanitas. For this particular project, the dress I'm making is meant to symbolize Marie Antoinette. The shape - with the exaggerated panniers - embodies the feminine. How I alter the dress to incorporate an element of post-modernist subversion requires more thought....
The parallels between what was going on in the past and what is going on now was somewhat astonishing. I really admired Glenna's work in the past and present, but sometimes I found Glenna's personality a bit too tempestuous for my liking. I couldn't really decide what I thought of Gordon. Together though, I think they were a very interesting pair. I found myself wanting desperately to know what happened in the past and what will happen in the future. Luckily I got answers along with a few surprises. I think this is one of those books that can really suck people in, and before they know it they've read a whole book without moving. It holds your attention well and ultimately leaves you feeling good.
A thing is real if you can touch it or
Here is a card I made for your inspiration:
Remember the words Jesus said once, “When you gave your brother, friend or a stranger water, fed them and gave them a place to cover them from the rain, you also did it for me.”
I am wondering if any of you share a love of vintage crates…..if you want to know the names of where to buy, please email me or comment. I have some great things planned for our Earth Day lounge which I will start to show you tomorrow….
The second hour was led by Germaine, who I had the pleasure of meeting that morning. Her hour of the ride was tough, but I was at the peak of my energy for the day and I pushed through it!
89. Learn a new craft for next years Christmas gifts.
Assuming that Obama and whomever is the Republican nominee can hold the states that lean towards their respective parties, and assuming Marco Rubio is the Republican VP candidate and that Rubio plus the convention being held in Florida delivers the Sunshine State and its 29 electoral votes to the GOP (elevating the "R" total at 210):
(when you double the recipe use 3/4C brown sugar and 3/4 C white sugar)
Rylee was given her second set of braces this month. (The first ones did not work well for her). I called her orthopedic doctor and requested he review her file and see if she was a good candidate for AFOs. He let me know that she was and that we could make the appointment to get fitted for them. This month we were able to pick them up.
Nick shrugged. “Whatever.”
Glade Guard are almost a must have unit in any army (out side of a themed list) and scouts, whilst full of weaknesses can be used to achieve certain things...even if it is for a extortionate price!
