“So you believe it then, you really believe it all?”
While I'm on the subject of model-making, calvin and hobbes fans should also check this out:
On the bright side, my cup runneth over with creative ideas to try and recreate in the next few months.
● certain changes of use of an existing building even though you may think that the work involved in the project will not amount to ‘Building Work’. This is because the change of use may result in the building as a whole no longer complying with the requirements which will apply to its new type of use, and so having to be up-graded to meet additional requirements specified in the regulations for which building work may also be required.
Why are we going on and on about the definition of community? Well, to state the obvious, if you’re going to build a community, it would certainly be helpful to know when you’ve achieved one. But also we feel a definition of community that states the characteristics of good, sustainable efforts will be the most useful in guiding your efforts to architect your community.
As far as the students on this blog are concerned, I would just like us to know that va and ba can be interchanged across Indian languages.
“Now listen. If I think he’s awful we’ll just talk about the weather and the crops for a few minutes and then we’ll have an ominous pause and stare at him. That always makes a man feel a perfect fool and the moment a man feels a fool he gets up and goes.”
Thank you to everyone that commented and read while I was away - I have now replied to all your comments (I think...).
As New York’s own department of planning states ‘Tower-in-the-park zoning encourages the construction of tall buildings set back from the street, by allowing greater height and more floor area in return for the provision of open space. The resulting buildings have been subject to widespread criticism as anti-urban and disruptive of the dominant form and scale of most of the city’s neighborhoods that were built largely under the original 1916 Zoning Resolution.’[3] In the words of City Planning Chairman Joseph B.Rose, it “promotes an architectural vision that does violence to our urban fabric.”[4]
For all that I love Bach, I found myself turning him off to listen to the live performance. The lights went green and we moved on but I left the CD off, realizing that if I had to choose between the banning of Bach and the extinction of our beloved native bird, I could not say “Bye, bye, Blackbird”. It would have to be “Hit the road, Jack, and don’t you come Bach no more”. Drastic; but just as your mind can hardly tell the truth, so can your body never lie.
Jackson, in love with his terrorist masters, has the audacity to call Dr. Jonas Savimbi of Unita (our ally in the war) a “terrorist”.
01 The Fountain Of Salmacis (In Concert, 02 March 1972)
Wore them to the show on Saturday,
This is the story of our journey to Montezuma.
"As I hiked, the terrain slowly shifted from desert to forest, the trees grew taller and more lush, the shallow stream beds more likely to have a seep of water, the meadows dense with wildflowers. There had been flowers in the desert too, but they'd been less abundant, more exotic, preciously and grandiosely festooned. The wildflowers I encountered now were a more common bunch, growing as they did in bright blankets or rimming the shaded edges of the trail. Many of them were familiar to me, being the same species as or close cousins to those that prospered in Minnesota summers. As I passed them, I felt the presence of my mother so acutely that I had the sensation that she was there; once I even paused to look around for her before I could go on."
Body: ROCKNROLLER
A keyframe was added again.
This is why men with guns,
They should be offered all the information.
one of the guys
If you would like to donate to the Mission they really appreciate any assistance at this time of year (or anytime!) , check out http://www.aucklandcitymission.org.nz/
We know what we want.
Precious in the eyes of the LORD
When your government ships jobs overseas, the result is reduced demand, lost job opportunities, and a weakened tax base which leads to cuts in social programs, parks, police and teachers. However, when jobs are shipped overseas, the difference between the old wages here and the new lower wages there goes into the pockets of the rich via higher profits, CEO compensation, dividends and rising share prices. Trade treaties, obviously, trade your income to the rich and you get nothing in return except for that declining tax base.
Every year we dedicate one of our 3 hoophouses as a drying shed. Here we spread out the onions, garlic, dry bean plants and any seed crops. This year Joel is growing seed from purple sprouting broccoli and Purple Cape broccoli.
- salt
After I retired from my former job,After the hell I had to go through and I am still going through it,I became not only a recognized artist,but a good farmer as well.
I finished in 31 minutes and 57 seconds, which ranks me 1232 overall, barely in the top-third percentile. The average time was 40 minutes.
First, I talk with Carl Gardner, author of the Head of Legal Blog, about the need for a national DNA database. We then have a look at the political situation in Pakistan following the election last week and at the position of Speaker Michael Martin in the wake of recent press reports about his expense claims.
And next time use the lime when shooting the tequila. It'll help curb the gag reflex.
Weirdest places slept would include the trampoline, outside in the front yard of my parents house in the grass with my then-boyfriend (now my hubs), the side of the road in a car randomly pulled over and in the house of a Zimbabwe rugby team I had just met in Heidelberg, Germany. That last one would probably be one of the most fun. Although, when I stayed in Ireland, I stayed with Bono's (U2) cousin and slept at their house for a night. I still think the rugby team was my favorite!
Growth does not come without a price, though. If I’ve learned anything, it’s that you still want to wear good shoes even when you’re walking through the shit and the muck. My outlook on life has remained positive. And there were times I thought I would break. There were times I thought my optimism would falter me and bring more pain than comfort. There were times I flat out thought I should shut down and let every bad feeling take over because it just seemed easier. I almost lost something I hold dear and that is my demeanor. I almost became the thing I despise and that is bitter. But because I was determined to wear heels through the shit, they made me feel better when I walked out the other side and a water hose was waiting for me to clean them off.
So much energy ...
Longshot will be Matilda Bay’s winter seasonal and will be confined to a fairly limited run. You will find it only in Dan Murphy’s outlets from July 1. It won’t be for everyone and it certainly won’t be a ‘knock-it-down-fast’ session beer but you’ll probably want to get into it quickly. Maybe a nice cup of coffee to get you going before you hit the bottl’o!
259. Lemongrass & Ginger Truffle @ Mom & Dad’s House (Pottstown, PA) 5:22 p.m.
So to wrap it up - the first disc has some killer selections but suffers from tapes running out, the second disc is a good but frustrating 1980 deep cut performance and disc 3 has some very unique highpoints bookending the studio plod - cant anything be easy in the Rallizes universe?
“Monday…
I think it was all those years of being brain-washed by "Little House on the Prairie."
9. Imagine
I wish I could say that I thought up this whole cake idea on my own. No...I'm just good at copying. I found my inspiration from coolest-birthday-cakes.com. So I put together some different ideas that were shared on that site to come up with this cake. The train tracks were made from the Keebler chocolated covered wafer cookies, chocolate licorice, and smashed graham crackers put in between the tracks to look like dirt.
The court heard the pair knew nothing about the murder until Damien Callaghan boasted about it in Shafiq’s house in Nottingham Street, Pitsmoor, later that morning.
I love any excuse to craft LOL but to give them all away makes it that much more fun!
now to spice it up a little, maybe paint a wall, what do you think?
A Beautiful Sign- Hidden Pictures: Explore Hidden Treasures in God’s Word Grade 1-3 by Linda Standke, page 4
Hear them say "You want some more?"
3) The Twilight Zone Collection
What is the safe age to start riding my equine?
Okay, so I know it has been a very long time since I have blogged. I have a big update in the works which I should have up soon. Until that is done, I wanted to share the crochet blanket I have been working on. It is for my son and I didn’t use a pattern.
Other list-type things I did this weekend? I finished reading Toni Morrison's "Song of Solomon" (omg LOVE) and watched the movie "Life is Beautiful." If you like foreign films (this one was Italian), I definitely recommend it. It was a beautiful story about an Italian Jew and his very young son who are taken to a Nazi concentration camp during WWII. To keep his son from getting scared or being fully aware of the situation, the father tries to make a game out of their experience. The film is labeled a tragicomedy so it was both funny and sad. I highly recommend it!
The 7-year-old boy has an Oscar-winning aunt. He also has an uncle and grandma who were shot dead, most likely by the same killer. But despite three deaths, a famous relative, and a current trial, this story does not rise to the level of the Patz case, at least in The Post. Why not? I believe there are three reasons.
a child tries to guilt couples considering abortion into having their child by documenting its progress in the womb. It’s horrible, as you’d expect, right up until almost three minutes into the song, when Mark Fox’s creepy child-voice announces ‘December 28: today, my mother killed me’.
Needless to say you’re all probably dying to know where I disappeared to. Some of you no doubt imagined that I cruelly met my fate in a tragic farming accident. There I was feeding the chickens geckos for breakfast (Okay I admit it I don’t know what chickens eat. But I once saw my cat eat a gecko so I’m assuming what’s good for the goose is good for the gander) when suddenly I tripped over a rooster and impaled myself on a pitchfork.
Eventually when we went to retrieve the ball from Leia we wouldn’t actually take it from her, but let her drop it.. because she knew we wanted to throw it again! We went to retrieve the ball each time, getting further and further away until Leia would actually pick it up again and bring it to us… because she knew we wanted to throw it again. It took a lot of time , effort and praise and now she plays fetch like a proper little puppy! Cat’s are highly trainable… see one of my other posts on the subject!
Adam Arias, 37, Staten Island, N.Y.
Industry Solutions
“That’s beautiful, Dad. You should set it to music.”
a. If an opponent making a challenge claimed the unconstitutionality of a legal text applied by the court whose ruling is being challenged, and if the court considering the challenge found that the claim was serious and should be ruled on, it halts the proceedings of the case and refers it to the Supreme Constitutional Court;
Cooking Time: 20 minutes
WnW Fast Dry Hannah Pinktana
Cut the foil wrap into pieces that measure approximately 6.25 inches x 7.00 inches. You can make it bigger if you want, because it gets tough to wrap it if it's small...the larger the better, but within reason. After one or two you will know what I mean about the sizing.
3/ The expenses scandal with all parties the LibLabCon.
During this time, I quietly observed John. I noticed that one week in church he would sit by a lady close to his age, but the next week they would sit on opposite ends of the chapel. This confused me, but I didn't give it much thought. Five months after my husband had died, my mother began to mention John again and how he was a faithful choir member and that he even teared up while singing some of the numbers. In subsequent talks she would say that he wears loafers, so that makes him trendy and asked if I'd seen his teeth, because they were amazing. I rolled my eyes, but agreed that I would start attending choir practice to scope him out. Before I got too serious, however, I had to find out his age, and upon further investigation, I discovered that he was only 49. He has been going through a difficult time, and I think that had made him look older initially.
1. You are on your own or you and your family are on your own. You should never trust anyone besides your close friends and family. Any person who doesn’t know you is most likely going to A kill you or B rob you. You should only be nice and generous when somebody else has no weapons on them, is a safe distance away, or is somebody you can trust no matter what is going on.
I will bow down to the fact that this plot is probably more realistic. Erin is obviously still in love with Rory, and to be honest the fact that he’s back does more to melt her than anything else. But it still doesn’t stop me from wishing for more. In real life fate rarely gives us the perfect words or situation for retribution. But isn’t that why I’m reading romance novels? People rarely have multiple-orgasmic sex with a professional athlete in the back of a Range Rover on a beautiful day in Ireland. Mostly because it’s constantly raining. If Martin can give me a sunny day in the Irish Isles she can give me a perfectly structured moment of understanding for Rory…Or at least one well tongued criticism that makes him see the light.
you could use this block as a kick off to a quilt or sash it again with an outside boarder (like myself) and make a new British invasion pillow!!
I didn’t have to ask what she meant. Mr. Fortyseven brought us all here for one reason. To win. He ran a faction. He had a goal.
I've been busy this week. My mom came back to LA Friday before she flew out Sat morning back home to Arkansas. I've been working on so many deadlines that I've neglected my blog lately except for when I need to post and I feel bad about that. My blog has always been my place to express myself both creatively and personally. I'm really going to make the effort to post more often so today's post is a wrap up to everything that I've been up to this week.
So thats it for me for today, I will share with you tomorrow my new addiction.........
#13) Go-kart racing
Cinderella finds him, talks to him, gets humiliated…Jae-Hyuk is such a douche. Even though he remembers her from Madam Jo’s boutique and all, he just stays mean.
Finally we arrived at Clifton Hill. The tram stopped, the doors opened and… nothing happened. There were no police. We waited. The man continued his dramatic performance, always seemingly on the precipice of blowing a vital internal valve.
Drive By
In 2000, Joel Smith is a cocky, adventurous young man who sees the world as his playground. But when the college senior, days from graduation, enters an abandoned Montana mine, he discovers the price of reckless curiosity. He emerges in May 1941 with a cell phone he can't use, money he can't spend, and little but his wits to guide his way. Stuck in the age of Whirlaway, swing dancing, and a peacetime draft, Joel begins a new life as the nation drifts toward war. With the help of his 21-year-old trailblazing grandmother and her friends, he finds his place in a world he knew only from movies and books. But when an opportunity comes to return to the present, Joel must decide whether to leave his new love in the past or choose a course that will alter their lives forever. THE MINE follows a humbled man through a critical time in history as he adjusts to new surroundings and wrestles with the knowledge of things to come.
As my friend the Tibetan art dealer noted:
I just think I’m a lot better than the previous two speakers to be able to make that case to the American people. I’m not for a top- down government-run health care system. I wasn’t for the Wall Street bailouts like these two gentlemen were.
. . . which brings us to now.
Who’s the first person outside your family you remember meeting?
I am so grateful that the little one can come to work with me. He really seems to enjoy being around the other children and is always watching what they are doing. He has learned so much just from watching them. He didn't play with the toys much at the beginning and at home he usually went to the light up toys when he decided to play unless I showed him some ways to use the more open-ended materials. He is trying out new toys and materials every day now and trying to do so much more on his own rather than trying to get his hands on the remote control or computer. I don't have to do nearly as much modeling or even sit with him while he explores now. I can sit back and just be there in case he needs help. He spent a good ten minutes tonight just taking the lid off of an old coffee can and trying to put it back on again, working on his under-developed fine motor skills. He was so proud of himself for taking the lid off without help.
- Gold top, tiny black skirt, gold makeup, gold shoes, glittery eyeshadow, shovel and pail: Gold digger
In the days and weeks after September 11 hardly a day would go by without another homemade design for the World Trade Center showing up in my inbox. Some were crude, some were obscene, some were impossible to construct and some were genuinely visionary. Even those most familiar with the crusted workings of New York state and city government, not to mention the bi-state beast of the Port Authority, could hardly have imagined that eleven years later one far smaller tower would still be under construction.
As an Interior Designer, I am often called to create environments that incorporate all facets of design and creativity. I love rising to a challenge that is usually outside of my expertise. In such instances, I often advise clients on travel places, art, collecting artifacts, build book collections to fill in bookshelves with themes that will be of interest to them. I also have been collecting books on landscaping, gardening and suggest clients ideas for landscaping, pool, outdoor structures, and type of cut flower gardens. To complete an installation, I arrange flower displays to welcome clients to their newly designed home.
There were 37 comments.
after a fun time in richmond and northern virginia,
2. Now take two medium bowls side-by-side. In the one of the left combine your two eggs, 3/4 cup of milk, 1 cup of yogurt and cooled butter mix. In the bowl on the right, combine the flour, salt, 1/4 cup of sugar, baking power and baking soda.
And if this was real life, you'd probably be staring at bunch of faces looking at you with a combination of pity and scorn.
Now that I've done my homework, I'll pass the links and summaries onto you in an easy-to-click list so you can save some time.
it is important to distribute the eggs between several baskets
I really loved the look of these Wedges from Love Label. They're such a great colour but I am so bad at walking in heels, I can only do medium height heels otherwise I am the most ungraceful person ever! I think this is where my sister Hailey and I differ. I have an abundance of flats and I live in my converse but Hailey is the complete opposite with boxes upon boxes of Skyscraper heels.
Last night, I had the pleasure of attending the Launch of the Queensland Good Food Guide and awards ceremony, to launch the 2012 Queensland Good Food Guide. This guide was managed and edited by one of the greatest food-lovers I know - my friend with the steel-trap memory, Natascha Mirosch.
I find it the hardest to love myself. I knew this would be the case. I just don't know how to do it. I don't know how to give myself a break. Can I truly love others when I see myself as worthless? How will my sons learn to be confident and strong when I am not? I don't want them to end up like me!! I'm not fishing for compliments. I'm being completely honest. I don't know how to go about this. Where to start? How does one overcome years of destructive/negative thinking about ones self?
"I think your mom will be happy, Abraham," I said.
in a few minutes with it. It’s one that is direct in purpose, zealous, fervent
A substitute that is deep and free
I assembled about an hour before.
The council has been "forced to look further afield for alternative supply", it adds.
With a silicone spatula, fold the whipped yolks into the meringue, and then fold in the dry ingredients. Spread the batter in the prepared sheet, and bake for 8 to 10 minutes, or until the cake springs back when you gently press the palm of your hand on it. Remove the cake from the oven and let it cool in the baking sheet.
In a medium stockpot, cook bacon until crisp. Remove bacon with slotted spoon to a paper lined plate. Remove all but 3 tablespoons of bacon grease from the pot and reserve remaining for later use. Add butter to pot with the bacon renderings and when melted, add onion and jalapeno. Saute until onion is soft. Add a handful of collards at a time tossing all while cooking until the greens are wilted. Add the chicken stock and season with salt and pepper to taste. Simmer covered on medium low until tender, about 10 minutes. Remove cover, add the vinegar, stir and continue simmering out most of the liquid, about 30 minutes. Do not allow collards to scorch.
I exhale deeply. "Can I have a cigarette please?"
Goody Bag/Craft: We decorated pillowcases, which also served as their take-home “goody bag.” I bought sponges and CHEAP white pillowcases at Walmart. Go here for the how-to and hints. This was a HIT with the kids. They loved sleeping with their pillows the next day!
and butchered eyes catch up with someone.
A little less than 1/2 teaspoon freshly grounded black pepper
22. My mother taught me GENETICS.
Defensive behaviors can be the result of a:
Here he is making his nephew smile.
in the knowledge of Your love and truth.
(The Modern Guide to Teaching Children Good Manners)
A BBC spokesman said: ”During the week of World Press Freedom Day, it would be deplorable if access to independent and impartial news was being prevented in any way. We would strongly condemn any blocking of the trusted news that we broadcast around the world including via distribution partners.”
Ninety-eight percent of the “black box” systems are a trading scam. They are uninformative and very few generate the numbers they promise.
A reference to two other recent publications conclude this article. Clive Calver and Rob Warner in their Together We Stand, 45 a volume marking the 150th anniversary of the Evangelical Alliance, deal with the 1966 division in a disappointing way. Once again some of the facts are wrong: for example, the 1966 address ofLloyd-Jones is supposed to have argued for “a single united evangelical church”.46 Butthat is clearly wrong. Nor is it helpful or accurate to speak ofLloyd-Jones’s “impassioned eloquence … in the heat of the moment”.47 I am afraid that even in this book Lloyd-Jones is pictured as the culprit who shattered evangelical unity in Britain in 1966. When will those writing on this incident be at least fair to the facts? Please, please give us history and not fiction.
My "F" is also for fleas. We stayed in some nameless lower-than-budget hotel on one trip. Allen refused to sleep under the covers; he's fastidious, but I was too tired to care. In the morning, my entire body was covered with flea bites. The hotel owner had some hokey story about his wife and her dogs and some fight they had. I didn't care. I love dogs anyway, and the bites healed. But the shock of seeing those bites everywhere stayed with me.
Two very different men died recently. Dick Clark and Levon Helm were almost opposites. One epitomized pop culture’s star making machinery, the other a pop culture which avoided the star making machinery. Both are important, and have left an indelible mark on our culture.
Personally, I think I am getting the sweeter end of the deal.
The first thing I do is decide on what type of cake I should make. Ideas can come from your child if they are old enough to have an opinion. Or if your kids are young like mine I like to think back through the year and come up with an idea that reminds me of them. For example, my daughter was practically born with a smile on her face so her 1 year old birthday cake was a big smiley person. Her 2 year old birthday cake was a turtle because she loved the Tiny Tim turtle song, "I have a baby turtle, his name is Tiny Time..." and sang it every day that year! I have a friend who made a bear cake because their little guy's nickname is Krew-Bear. This is a fun way for you and your child to remember cute characteristics about them that you might have otherwise forgotten. If you are thinking about cake ideas for adults, unfortunately our family is a little more boring with them. They simply get to choose their favorite type of cake; ie. Chocolate Cake with Peanut Butter Frosting, Chocolate Caramel Cake, Lemon Cake, Black Forest Cake or German Chocolate Cake with Coconut Frosting are some of our favorites.
“Where do YOU think you are?
7:00- I start to blow dry my hair so that it doesn't dry funny and do my make up
“Our Walkathon is the largest fundraising event for our shelter each year,” notes HAWS Executive Director Lynn Olenik. “It is a great day for the entire family – pets and their people – to come out and support the HAWS cause and have a fun time, too. We invite everyone to join us – make a day of it and help us celebrate the importance of pets in our lives.”
After reviewing several different top 100 lists a lady by the name of Leisa Watkins had a brilliant idea to create the perfect top 100 list. She took the lists created by Random House Readers, The Random House Board, the Radcliffe List, Time Magazine, Guardian Unlimited and the BBC and combined them. Using these lists she created a list that takes into account the majority of the English speaking world, the readers of these books, and those at a higher level.
Veronique. is the daughter of Drug mafia leader. Rahul has also been accused for gang raping Sukanya Devi, whose petition to all courts in India have been rejected due to their political hold and the whereabouts of the family is unknown. However, the information is widely available online.
So join me this week as I dig into Rumors Of Water by LL Barkat. I hope that you'll be as inspired by these quotes as I was! The first quote is coming up tomorrow!
B. Grovner has written a murder mystery using Boston, Massachusetts as the backdrop. COLD CRAZY is a story of a young beautiful nurse who has been brutally and senselessly murdered in a parking garage. COLD SERIAL also a murder mystery about a serial killer on the loose in the streets of Boston. She has recently signed with a literary agent.
The wool is very soft to the touch, super warm and very comfortable to wear! I just love the shades of blue. It was very time-consuming to knit all of the separate pieces and sew all of the parts together. For me, I absolutely love the knitting part but I don't really enjoy stitching all of the pieces together (front, back, and sleeves to one another). I put off stitching the pieces together for a while and finally got around to doing it. I also blocked the sweater and I think that it fits great!
and he gets me.
was it the wheel going 'round
18 min: Bolton and Spurs has just kicked off and Arron Lennon has won an early corner for the visitors: Van der Varrt fizzes it in and Kaboul narrowly fails to get a touch from four yards.
London gave my my first grey hairs. Or the flight to London did. Or something. All I know is, at age 24 and a half, I arrived at the house I would be staying in the first three months of what was to turn into over five years, looked in the mirror, and there they were. There were four of them. Knowing better, and also because of being a contrarian, I did not pull them out. It was tempting, but . . . everybody freaks out about grey hair. Therefore, I wouldn’t.
Public officials formerly employed by Monsanto:
Get your body going. Burn those stubborn love handles away. This post is metaphorically meaningful. All my posts for that matter aren’t superficial, but a challenge to question your attitudes and mindset. Think outside the box. Question what I have to say. A relationship with God doesn’t have to be boring. Why worry about what others think of you. Let go and just have fun!
themselves un-employable and claiming money from the Government.
But it can all be explained by sun streaks
Do you have an iPad? If so you might like this app. I love it even though it was a bit expensive at the intro price of $4.99 (I think the price has increased since then).
And I don’t know how to tell her!
Every year I swear that I will write more than one post per month. Because my life is so bizarre at times, I really can't make this shit up. But I have commitment issues, so the blog sits neglected for weeks at a time. I blame Facebook. So this will be a cluster of randomness.
McKelvey gave the llama a look of wild surmise, as Cortez’s men did when they first saw the Pacific Ocean, as described by Keats in On First Looking into Chapman’s Homer.
Powered by a single Williams Inter–national FJ33-5A turbofan, the D-Jet should have a 500-lb. tanks-full payload, cruise as fast as 315 KTAS at FL 250 and fly at least 1,100 nm at its 240 KTAS long-range cruise speed and land with NBAA IFR reserves. It will have two seats in the cockpit and three seats in the main cabin.
The cake ended up tasting great, although the bottom layer became kind of soggy from the halved strawberries. Next time I'll try adding a thin layer of mousse before adding the strawberries, and hopefully that will protect the cake layer from getting too wet.
So you we clearly chose to save the drowning child and ruin the expensive shoes.
Cream together both sugars, shortening, and peanut butter. Add eggs and vanilla. Sift together flour, baking soda, and salt. Add to sugar mixture. Stir in oats, pecans, and chocolate chips. Wrap dough in plastic and chill 4 hours or overnight.
2. If you could only use one monochromatic set of colors of eyeshadow what would it be? I.e. only shades of blue.
It took some convincing to get him to at least try to wear them.
Remember two and a half years ago, at the nadir of the financial crisis, when the country was made aware of the evildoers–of Wall Street—the rampant greed, the neutered Security and Exchange Commission (courtesy Bush '41), the cratering of the real estate market, the demise of Bear Stearns? Even hard-core Republicans saw the error of the ways of their aging, alcoholic, dirty joke-telling, slacker frat-boy good ol' boy W ('43) and the holier-than-thou right wingers and we voted in droves for the Democrats.
For me, I am simply packing up my childhood bedroom at my parent's house and moving into my first little two bedroom apartment with my growing family. It's a lot easier for me because all the appliances we have are still in their original boxes, taped up, just like they were given to us at our wedding, ready to be used. This may not be the case for you but either way, I hope these tips help.
Seems so about the short handedness. I often worry at just how fast things are going.
So no more travel blogs from me – poor you if you’ve bothered to read any of them, but I’ve enjoyed reading them, and they’ll certainly help us to remember what we got up to on our three-month road trip.
No place you need to know she replies
It's important to note however, that China has three types of patent applications: (1) invention patents, (2) utility model patents, and (3) design patents. Invention patent applications are equivalent to US non-provisional patent applications, while utility model patent applications (aka "petty patent" applications) do not experience substantive examination. According to SIPO's statistics, utility model patents and design patents together outnumber invention patents by a 5-to-1 ratio.
the end of the pavement and the beginning of the Caribbean Sea.
Packaging: So American I wanted to go out a bash an Arab, hate a black guy and own a gun.
"27. Now, in order that all these recommendations should have the results We hope for, you know, Venerable Brethren, how necessary is the prudent and assiduous work of those whom Christ our Lord sends as "labourers into His harvest," that is to say the clergy. Remember, therefore, that your chief care must be to foster in the holiness which becomes them the clergy you already possess, and worthily to form your ecclesiastical students for so sacred an office by the very best available education and training. And although your carefulness in this respect calls for no stimulus, nevertheless We exhort and even implore you to give the matter your most careful attention. Nothing can be of greater importance for the good of the Church; but as Our Predecessors of happy memory, Leo XIII and Pius X, have definitely written on this subject, there is no need of further counsels from Us. We only beg of you that the writings of those wise pontiffs, and especially Pius X's "Exhortation to the Clergy," should, thanks to your insistent admonitions, not be forgotten, but ever attended to carefully.
Here are a couple from last week at somepoint (although Im not sure what day it was).
Will post winners on October 24th!
"HSN's robust entertainment integration strategy has transformed the company into one of today's hottest outlets for music artists to launch their new releases," said Andy Sheldon, EVP of Television, Live Events and Creative for HSN. "The recent HSN LIVE debut of Lionel Richie's Tuskegee was a brilliant success and we are excited to once again partner with the talented team at Universal Music Nashville to welcome Josh to the HSN LIVE roster as part of our Americana event."
Ironically, I have been with my better half for eight and half years and he still does not understand this flaw in my personality. And I nearly get frantic when I come home from a store and he starts to empty out the bags and grabs my magazine and does a quick flip thru those virgin pages. It takes all my strength not too leap across our kitchen island, put him in a choke hold and slap him silly! He regularly looks at me as though I am some sort of maniac, and perhaps I am. But it is only when I have read the magazine thoroughly and I mean every page from top to bottom, from side to side, from article to article that you may pick it up and view it. Yes I know what you are thinking and you wouldn't be the first to call me crazy!
- Twenty-three Great Japanese Micros
Before you put your blinkers on and start riding on your mind horses berserk, let me clarify, this post has nothing to do with the size of your, my or anyone’s assets. I am talking about those menaces flying inside my house. The ones that have earned me the name of psycho! Those who have read my post Tagged are well aware of the blood sucking relationship I share with these sharp willed, razor tongued mosquitoes who probably by the day sit together and scheme against me.
30And they put his body in the earth in the land of his heritage in Timnath-serah, in the hill-country of Ephraim, to the north of Mount Gaash.
I know lots and lots of people who have gone through this, but my family was lucky growing up. Except when I was a teacher, long ago, I've never seen them, and really had no idea what to do, until the nurse told me.
Beset by accidents and deadly creatures from which not even Lady Zel can save her, Nell flees into the ‘weald’. But in a world where evil witches siphon the life from children, runaway urchins make for easy prey. Caught in a power struggle between sorceresses, kings, and sinister forces, Nell's only hope for survival is to master the secrets of the Wealding Word.
Copic Markers and lots of them :)
I hope you enjoyed this frame project. It could be a great gift for the upcoming holidays!
The Goose Girl by Shannon Hall
The easiest and quickest way to get to Kingston from Central London is to take the suburban train service from Waterloo. There are trains every 15 minutes (half that on Sundays) and on a good day, the journey takes 28 minutes. Having arrived at our destination, we set out to perform a circuit of the town. We did not have a specific route in mind but more or less “followed our noses”, recording whatever interested us along the way.
A new white desk and white leather chair! I love the modern and clean look it has! I ordered a hutch for it yesterday, so excited for that to come in so I can spice it up a little and make it more personal! This my friends, is where I will be blogging from now! So excited to have a space that is all mine and that will allow me to be more creative!
unto each activity done by a human.
Lacto-ovo vegetarianism is sometimes recommended as a dietary therapy for a variety of conditions, including heart disease, cancer, diabetes, stroke, high cholesterol, obesity, osteoporosis, hypertension, gout, gallstones, kidney stones, ulcers, colitis, hemorrhoids, premenstrual syndrome, anxiety, and depression.
"I forget why I called" he said, hanging up the phone.
Rosalie's birthday parties from 1st to 9th
When I saw these monster themed stamps at Art Gone Wild, I thought they were perfect, especially for a grandma of all boys (so far ;) ).
Paper snowflakes
Changing Words
it. Jake LOVES this particular professor... he always talks (to the entire
When I was at the Campbell's headquarters a couple months ago, they served us a delicious breakfast. Along with the yummy food, they had a variety of drinks out for us to try. I looked at the V-8 V-Fusion and thought, "Ewww! There's just something so wrong about drinking vegetables!" Another blogger overheard me and insisted it didn't taste like veggies, so I gave it a try. I LOVED it! I mean, really LOVED it! I tried the pomegranate blueberry flavor and it was so good! It doesn't taste even a little bit like vegetables! I was so surprised. I mean, I don't like tomato soup. I don't like tomato juice (not even with vodka). Yuck! But this stuff is GOOD!
Foreign goods come tax free into America, while we heavily tax American goods.
I have been doing fine so far. Like I always say, it's not ideal, but we're dealing.
The very word 'soil' means 'dirt'; something that's filthy is 'soiled';
pointed towards the pink clouds. i saw hawks & crows & prairie dogs.
I really like Stila. It was one of the first brands I tried when I started shopping at Sephora. I love all of the products they offer. I also like Benefit, even though I haven't personally bought their products before.
MacNee
Please, do yourself a favor: TASTE the honey!
Yesterday, when I saw the above picture on my Facebook page, I immediately thought of Cindy. Would she help me whop someone if the need arose? Well, neither one of us are prone to use a baseball bat to solve a situation so I doubt I’d ever need her assistance. However, I do know that no matter what happens she has my back, especially when I’m my own worst enemy. She had pulled me out of my pity party and helped me see that, in the end, I’m really lucky. I have my family and friends like her. I have a warm place to live, food on my table, and with my retirement, the freedom to do what I want as long as I can afford it. Life may not be perfect, but then again, whose is? All I can do is give it my best shot and let the chips fall where they may. By the time our conversation was finished, I was ready to pick myself up, dust myself off, and come up with Plan B. (A much more valuable thing than an offer to help cream someone with a bat! *g*)
6. I say, "It sure is weird that TurboTax didn't nag me about which states the mutual funds are in, but it just imported them and let me continue, so maybe they finally fixed that."
that all will be well in time to come.
Ian was about 12 years old and I had just picked him up from his friend’s house. He and his buddies had been talking about doing “crazy” things and Ian, in his attempt to represent himself as crazy too, ended up telling them he jumped off cliffs; now he needed to make himself an honest man.
And going back to topic, there were lots of unfortunate events again, but a least I managed to accomplish alot too…
and the other half crying into his beer
Dwayne Johnson: Yeah right. Come on!
That breaks the veldt around;
#95: Shamrock Shake. This one’s long overdue, but I forgot to post it. Amazing that I’ve survived in the land of Spartan green without trying a Shamrock Shake! My neighbor and I usually go for 2 a.m. trips to McDonalds anyways (yay insomnia), so it seemed like an opportune moment to try something new! The shake itself was pretty great, but definitely hyped out of proportion.
Calling Mr Smith (UK…Stefan Themerson)
As I walked by one of the plum trees that was the first to bloom and I was afraid the fruits had gotten frozen, but the tree is absolutely loaded with plums.
The Guardian also had a lengthy profile of the EDL, and there are a series of articles on the Hope not Hate website which go into the EDL’s origins and structures in great detail. In particular, they highlight the ambiguous position that the BNP holds in regards to this new combination of football hooligan gangs and street racists. The BNP, and the NF before it, used to openly embrace football hooligans as useful muscle with a fierce nationalist pride. However, demonstrations and punch ups no longer fit with the image that the BNP tries to project, and so the EDL has filled a gap in far right politics that the BNP voluntarily vacated in its pursuit of votes.
In short, the entire United State Postal Service could be out of business by winter. Clearly, that would be more gas on the fire of the economic crisis we face as a nation, making it even that much harder to climb out of the current depression. Sadly, this could mean that if cuts are necessary to save the USPS, it’s easy to see how those cuts would affect service in our community.
For this years halloween I dressed up as somekind of dusty ghosty white thing.. I wanted to wear all white and decided to spray paint a pair of old boots and a clutch.. turned out really nice, so nice that I will keep wearing them after halloween aswell.. (more on them later..) everything from lashes to nails were painted white and my hair filled with talcum powder, so I had a dust cloud following me all night! (notice that in the 3rd pic..)
beachfront property comes
Mountain Sun Pub & Brewery Colorado Kind Ale
The Court is aware that millions of pesos have been invested for the development of Boracay Island, making it a by-word in the local and international tourism industry. The Court also notes that for a number of years, thousands of people have called the island their home. While the Court commiserates with private claimants’ plight, We are bound to apply the law strictly and judiciously. This is the law and it should prevail. Ito ang batas at ito ang dapat umiral.
else tonight but my own thoughts.
(There are two more stanzas before this last one:)
And the head of the left-wing Meretz party, Zahava Gal-On joined the party today when she announced that Israel has no moral authority to bomb Iran.
See, here they come now all in a froth
Pace: 3 ; Parry: 5 ; Toughness: 9 (1)
For your convenience, some links to the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) ‘s web site follow.
models in the prog-rock/art-rock field to which Bush aspired, it
Nickname derives from the Middle English eke-name, which means “an additional name.” Good ones from childhood are imprinted in my brain. Fuzz had a tangle of red hair. Bean was known for his prolific flatulence. Dome had a formidable forehead. When my brother and I lived on Federal Hill in our college days, the neighbor’s cat was always asleep at the back door. We nicknamed him MSG.
hot chocolate and
Here is Bea posing next to the dress I traded for. She hasn’t had a chance to wear the Christmas dress yet because although it’s a size 6, it probably fits more like a size 7 or 8.
named
Shake them Way Down LOW!
Anthony Weiner to Hire Private Dick to Investigate Twitter Hacking. Dick Tracy and Shaft Likely Candidates
Another Sunday...another scavenger hunt..........
10.) "When the day shall come that we do part," he said softly, and turned to look at me, "if my last words are not 'I love you'-ye'll ken it was because I didna have time." From The Fiery Cross by Diana Gabaldon
When Robert Reich, Clinton’s former Secretary of Labor, writes as he did in the August 3 Wall Street Journal, “Whatever the outcome of the upcoming midterm elections, the activist stage of the Obama administration has likely come to a close”, the proverbial “fat lady” has sung. The opera is over, but not the time remaining for Obama to do more damage.
I sat down, and the chattering continued. This time the girls swooned with idealism and debates of experience verses stamina. I ran my finger through the moistness of my tea glass. “He won’t email.” I was the only one listening.
Jupiter is saffron
Burn Down the Night
What is the state’s plan with Nonadanga?
I really dont want her to run away, I didnt want her to run away in the first place. I tried really hard to convince her not too.
Kid #3 Try a turkey roll and you’ll discover how
He: That is not impossible.
- Rips out well (don't ask)
Love when I can use scraps and make something really sweet out of it!
And my, don't I look pasty white without nylons! Ha!
MICHELLE'S KIT:
Custom work:
I stood there. And just looked at the flowers for a bit. At their colors. The way they look so delicate. So soft. So fleeting. There for just a few days. And then gone. “I like flowers.” It was a true statement. I wasn’t lying.
Too bad no one else gets to read it until September. Nyuk.
- Yeah but then the shit turned ugly. The photos were a joke. Yid've known they were a photoshop job a mile off. The Controllers of the State Sponsored Airwaves launched an investigation and the cops've put out an APB for me arrest. Shit's turned REAL bad. Cops, I hear, are itching to pin a terrorist charge on someone that ain't the Provo Tribute Acts -
This work might, therefore, be considered a supplemental or complementary treatment of various specifics of the overall topic, though many aspects previously dealt with in my other books will be presently touched upon, and this book has enough “new” subject matter to stand on its own right, apart from the others. The relationship of the Bible and Catholic doctrine is the greatest single emphasis of my own apologetic endeavors.
Yes, you might look silly or scrape your knees every now and then… so?
6) Always, always, always search Wikipedia (founded 2001).
Some day, hopefully in the near future, I will be moving up to Mum's place. There is no Publix here. There are only a rather inferior Ingles and an Evil Empire. Not to worry, beloved Publix - I will be loading coolers and bags into Rosie the Mule and driving down to visit you for my grocery needs. Yes, really - I would rather make a forty minute drive than have to tolerate anything less than you, Publix.
We had it made by the same goldsmith who did mine and I think it looks INCREDIBLE!
If you want to join in and post your own pictures, let me know and I will link to you.
Everything flows; nothing remains.
It's £12 price tag means its not the cheapest of lipsticks, but not shockingly expensive either. Its what I would expect to pay for a No 7 product, however remember that it is smaller than a normal, full size tube.
-chop remaining ingredients while the beets are roasting (I did pok choi, turnips + stalk + greens, and romaine lettuce)
What did he see? Jesus Christ in His glory and exalted in heaven. He saw Him as the resurrected One. In 1 Corinthians 15:8 he wrote, “And last of all he was seen of me also, as one born out of due time.” He was to bear testimony of that. Then he was to be a witness of the things that would be revealed to him. He was told while yet on the road to Damascus, “It shall be told thee what thou shalt do.”
Hemmingway
The doctors employed by the circus never lasted very long in the post. Being a physician to “artistes” is a high-pressure job and few are up to the challenge. I soon lost count of the number of these characters that came and went, and have a good recollection of only one of them: a Dr Felix Boobenstrausser from Dortmund. The circus hired him after an incident that occurred when we were performing in his home town.
Waffle with Berries n Cream
How often do budgetary constraints drive a sale? Is it more common to hear
What does it take to trigger such a violent reaction? How about her emotional state from going a full day with no underwear on! This confirms, for her, that her bond with Tsubaki is the right one, that they understand each other’s feelings now. I would venture to say that in addition to that, Tsubaki understands that Urabe is definitely a little different from normal girls.
5) A Profound Hatred for Star Trek Enterprise:
In case of any queries please write me back on my mail id and i would love to assist you.
Merritt started his run of gold last year in Beijing by using the same kind of blistering third 100 that made Watts and Johnson so lethal. The same spot in the race that Wariner used to craft his own period of dominance. But while Wariner has held "pace" in putting distance between himself and the opposition, the "sprinters" hit the gas and leave the opposition wondering what happened. It is that "wonder" that I saw in Wariner in Beijing, as it happened before he was able to respond. My crystal ball says that we will see that same acceleration in the third 100 from Merritt in Berlin once again, and that while Wariner will respond, it won't be fast enough. Merritt leads off the turn and past the finish line, and he will once again have gold placed around his neck - as we are witnessing the year of validation for the next dominant force in the event.
When we talked about Terry Stops, or what many know as “stop-and-frisks,” they spoke of their frustration with the unfair and biased nature that “stop-and-frisks” are often carried out by the NYPD. The Center for Constitutional Rights actually has an active federal class action lawsuit, Floyd, et al. v. City of New York, et al., against the NYPD’s unconstitutional stop-and-frisks and their use of racial profiling. CCR has been instrumental in raising awareness and gathering statistics on NYPD’s stop-and-frisk program, as well as the New York Civil Liberties Union.
At Holika Holika, I needed to top up my purchase slightly to reach a minimum spend to get more freebies (CNBlue stuff which I knew Ah Plue will love), so I decided to just grab a pack of 5 Magic Brightening Mask Sheets. Who can resist the words Magic and Brightening? =P
Stephanie and Luke painted the stairway, and the wall that looks so dingy behind Terry in the picture is now a glowing golden color that looks really good with my fall decorations. Steph and Luke also pressure-washed the outside of the house and the driveway, and we spent two days tracking and killing one of these spiders that was loose in my bedroom. By "we", I mean Luke tracked and killed it while Stephanie and I alternately issued orders, screamed in panic and cheered Luke on.
Opens with gentle fizz, pours a deep deep copper. Gentle toffee in the noses, slight pine, no big American floral hops but a lovely grassy tingle of English ones.
Quinn: I don’t think so. I don’t think so. Because she said she thought Romney’s speech was good, and Romney’s speech was good. So I think that she was—
Marx and I are ourselves partly to blame for the fact that the younger people sometimes lay more stress on the economic side than is due to it. We had to emphasise the main principle vis-à-vis our adversaries, who denied it, and we had not always the time, the place or the opportunity to give their due to the other elements involved in the interaction. But when it came to presenting a section of history, that is, to making a practical application, it was a different matter and there no error was permissible.”
Uncle, best-selling author, philanthropist, dictator and favourite of President Barack Obama is fighting off another title: fraudster. The influential author of "Three Cups of Tea, Two Bunches of Bananas, and a Scone" has become the latest bestselling memoir writer to be accused of passing off fiction as fact.
by Vernabelle Mull
There is a stigma that comes with being a skater. If you are holding a skateboard, in the eyes of the masses you are a rebel-punk that is sure to have a can of spray paint in his hand behind his back ready to graffiti the side of your car, with a pound of marijuana in his backpack. You know you’ve thought it. My friends and I didn’t quite fall into that stereotype, but we didn’t exactly shatter the expectations of being rebellious-punks.
He was right as I could see. Our next door neighbour was already taking Rela safely in her arms and taking her away.
We struggle and wound each other and lose control and crap.....some days life just sucks. If it is truly spiritual joy and the joy of Heaven, then what we suffer from here is the antithesis of BLISS.
The Angels Share Grand Cru: 12%
1 hill
Also: Dervish?
It was a Messianic prophecy–one which foretold of the coming Messiah-Jesus Christ, who came down through Abraham. (see Matthew chapter 1) It was Jesus, the one who is the only way to salvation and eternal life, who was promised to be the ‘blessing’ to all the families of the earth.
Too much noise would drive me crazy though, so I tend to pick hotels which have a high degree of noise insulation. City centre hotels, airport hotels, these are perfect.
It has also reduced the number of infants being born underweight.
Went camping/bike riding over the weekend with mom, dad, and sister.
or might yet, combined in an April Fool’s joke,
This year, even though we had a relatively mild Winter here in Munich, I'm almost giddily happy that Spring is making its appearance. Perhaps it's like this every year, only I forget. That's one of the wonderful things about cycles, you get caught in them and swept away with their relentless motion.
The wheezing toilet trickled through a ridiculously un-satisfying flush, failing to move the toilet paper.
thicker or coarser or darker. This belief is due to the fact that hair that has never been cut has a tapered end, whereas, after cutting, there is no taper. Thus, it appears thicker, and feels coarser due to the sharper, unworn edges. Hair can also appear darker after it grows back
We’d been doing the Capital Ring mostly in a clockwise direction, but had missed out the Hendon to Highgate bit due to a substantial diversion there. I can confirm that the diversion is no longer in place, and that all the roadworks are complete at Henlys Corner.
Let us get down to what Janus Publishing has to offer authors. The home page of the website does not feature any books; instead, a single featured author, and a breakdown of book categories in text. Janus Publishing separates their packages into three areas or descriptions, Subsidy Publishing, Non-Subsidy Publishing and Self-Publishing.
I was recently discussing with some peers some of the tricky issues surrounding "online" v. "brick’n'mortar" shopping and how that cross-cuts "large v. small" and "national v. local" issues as well as issues of full employment and sustainability. These issues can always get intertwined in ways that are sticky, and it is both very important and particularly enjoyable intellectual excersize for me to disentagle these kinds of things. So imagine my joy to hear this from Prince of Petworth:
“Oh it’s just this damn paper for Johnson’s class. I’m not sure how she wants us to relate this particular political theory with this book that we’re reading. I should just email the class and see what they think.”
Muriel says My grandfather(Tot) had a house on Dunn's Terrace with a byres and farm yard with about 12 or so cows directly across on the other side of the road. It was a dairy farm and he used to graze his cows on the moor and bring them for milking (by hand) up Hunters Road! The dairy was called Stephenson Bros Dairy.
have already done so, though
Cassie says Jackson couldn’t be prouder of his high-style room, which she surprised him with while he was away at his grandparents’ house. He’s very particular now about making sure things are where they belong, and he keeps things picked up and the bed made, she says.
After Mum died, we started thinking about moving to Belgium. Hans is very close to his family and it was hard for them to keep flying out to Australia to see us. When we got pregnant with the Wombat, and knew that I would be out of the workforce for a while, we decided it was the right time to move.
Wolff MS. Lactation. Paul M (Ed.) Occupational and environmental reproductive hazards. Baltimore, Maryland, Williams & Wilkins, 1993: 60-75.
These last few weeks have been an all-out FUBAR extravaganza because the Joint Commission, the organizational watchdog of healthcare facilities, is coming to our ship soon. The pharmacy department is in charge of not only making sure the drugs actually are helping the patient to get well but also perfection in order writing. The correct boxes must be checked, all protocols must be followed to the letter, all orders must be re-written if they are illegible….you get the drift. The JC has become the capital A in Anal.
In 2008 Los Angeles County, population 10.2 million, was where 42% of workers were paid cash and did not pay taxes; 90% of warrants for murder in Los Angeles were for illegal aliens; more than two-thirds of all births were to illegal aliens; nearly 40% of all inmates in California were Mexican nationals who were there illegally; and, nationally, while less than 2% of illegal aliens were picking crops, 37% were on welfare.
Good question! I don’t think you’re over reaching at all with this act idea! As Mae West said, “It’s not what you do, it’s how you do it.” I have found that burlesque audiences the world over are usually quite willing to suspend disbelief and follow where you lead them, but you need to be very clear in what you present so that you don’t confuse them. Never expect your audience to connect the dots themselves or guess what you’re getting at!
Here’s what day 9 looks like:
Kathleen (kapybara42)
Don’t get me wrong, there are plenty of top level athletes out there to put in these meets. We do get the 110 hurdles which has star potential with the likes of David Oliver, Jason Richardson, Liu Xiang and Dayron Robles. We do get both the men’s and women’s 400 which could have LaShawn Merritt, Jeremy Wariner, Allyson Felix, and/or Sanya Richards. But the reality is that we lose out on some serous BIG name potential off the top just from the schedule. So I have to ask: Is there any benefit to being part of the Diamond League, or were we better off when we had a strong Pre, New York and Home Depot on our schedule? For my money the answer is – yes.
Psalm 13:1-6
And here you go
In many of the mystery schools of various cultures, the letters of the alphabet are held as sacred vessels, used in meditations, and considered keys to the doorways of consciousness. In the modern age, most of us simply take the letters of the words we speak for granted, giving their potentials or inherent power virtually no consideration. In The Unknown Mother, one of Wrenne’s early lessons with Matrina revolves around the hidden significance of the letters of the alphabet.
I asked for an open door policy for our ABA to drop in and observe.
Attack the Block - 2011
Bake at 350F for 45-60 minutes.
How to Avoid the Pre-Existing Condition Trap
Maybe I’ll get a shower, wash my hair, and take a nap while my hair dries. I think I’ll let the cat in first.
my Adobe Lightroom 3 program that I hadn't used
DISCLAIMER NOTICE: This article is intended for educational purposes only. It does not constitute legal advice in any way. If you want legal advice, and a wordy, rambling rebuttal of this article, and a dent in your wallet, go see a lawyer.
God’s love for us is the greatest of all the gifts which He has given. Our very lives are products of God’s love. If God did not love we would not exist. If God did not love all the pleasures we enjoy in life would never have been woven into the world. It is God’s love that is behind every gift and blessing that we have ever enjoyed.
The gem stone in red is a RAK from B.....
how the same heart
The Factory: set in 1910 outside of Baltimore. A comic horror novel about a suspicious character who builds a munitions factory at the site of an abandoned mine (accessible only by his private railway, no less); meanwhile homeless people are disappearing from the poorest neighborhoods of Baltimore. The factory's new accountant and Baltimore's saucy lady reporter will get to the bottom of it all, or be driven mad and consumed by some eldrich horror in the attempt!
who will never come
From a cost prospective, it is currently £1.90, which I believe is on a reduced basis, and is a bargain.
Our house is a maze of cardboard - joy.
Now thread a needle with matching thread because you're going to sew those 24 snaps onto the skirt
Jerry Lamothe right? Who is an incredibly talented filmmaker and I think you all worked together on your film, “The Tombs.” How is that going and any plans to get remarried? You trying to pop anymore babies out? Want to join the baby club again?
I love flowers that grow wild in the fields.
You continue to amaze me with your empathy at such a young age. You always ask “you okay” if I make an ouch. The other day I cut my finger while you were having a snack in the living room. I screamed, Ouch! You responded from the other room, “you okay?” and you came to check on me. You are so concerned for me. You jump to my help just like I’m there when something happens to you. I am proud and touched all bundled into one.
First, the definition I don't love so much:
I posted some Impressabilities Tips/Techniques with the Cuttlebug a week ago HERE. This post will build on those techniques, so if you have not read them, you may want to check that post out first and then come back.
have all the pre-cut parts and pieces with page maps to assemble it all in class with me. You’ll
Here is a view of the Nile at sunset from the hostel we stayed at:
And we’ll come no more a-soulin’
I know I've made this sound like it was pretty easy. That's because it was. lol. This piece was pretty basic, no intricate designs - so the sanding was pretty straight forward.
Oh, I've grown as shiftless as Little Boy Blue,
“It is not right for the police to ask for a copy of a presentation in an academic setting. Academicians cannot be prevented from learning the various sides of a philosophy. How can they deny students an opportunity to understand the different points of view on a matter?” he asks. When asked how the University management manage to stand up to police pressure, Raj laughing says “Fortunately, we don’t have a Vice Chancellor.”
I have been highlighting on my Facebook page through out the weekend too~
My eyes have been resting on these for inspiration.
Posted by Tania Kindersley.
Well, Calico is a well made amber ale.
That's a big fear starting out. Who cares about me and what I have to say? That's probably why I've waited so long to get this blog started. I procrastinated a lot. I procrastinated with my website and with Facebook, too. I am more of a solitary person, which is one of the reasons I like to write. It's an intimate experience.
Khar continued to protest his innocence. His alleged that perpetrator was a pimp with whom his wife had been having an affair.
We colored this page from Mr. Eric Carle himself then cut it out and glued the pieces in order on a sentence strip...for a crown of course!
I decided to treat my sweet and bought our tickets to The Avengers early. The news thrilled him. Score bonus points for me! Anyway, I’ve got high expectations for this movie, let’s hope it doesn’t disappoint…
Out of that came our adventure when we found Jacobs’ Ladder Therapeutic Riding Center. Wyatt was able to start riding horses. It has been such a blessing in his life and I’m wondering, “Why didn’t I do this sooner?” But here we are, living life as it’s been played out before us. Some by our own choices good or bad.
And if a familiar knight in shining black jeans
I hope you also had a great weekend!
Artist : Climbers
08 Boilermaker
Then it was back to the drawing board.
"It's not candy!" I said
Next it was to the Dirty Dozen Brass who were tearing up the tent with their second-line horns blaring away. It wasn't there best set. You could sense a bit of sadness in their playing over the loss of New Orleans. When the Saints Go Marching In was both hopping and sad at the same time.
NAB booth #SL8310
The Bruery's 3 French Hens, a Belgian Dark Ale, was very good. The Bruery would be a nice addition to KC. Duchesse de Bourgnonne was a nice sour beer and one of the few I got seconds on. I really loved Voodoo Love Child, it had a great raspberry flavor. I may have been a bit selfish with it as I carried the bottle around and had at least 2 glasses of it. Fantome Choklat was the disappointment of the evening, I thought it smelled like a St. Pauli Girl initially, but when Yeti said it smelled like Worlds of Fun, I had to concur. It didn't taste much better than either of those 2 smells. I really liked the Dogfish Head Sah'tea which Paul A. Ner has described as a gingerry Tank 7. Again, I have to concur. It was really good to me, several people felt the opposite. I think your judgment of Sah'tea would have to depend on your stance on ginger (the root, not the people, I think we can all agree that gingers are the devil's people). Pliny the Elder was indeed sublime.
the chisel rests
For me, I totally resonate with Michael Patton because I don’t want to build up an expectation in people and have God not move in the way I said He would move. Yet, I also desire to experience God in that way he describes, and Sam describes. I want to have a more intimate experience with God than I already have. Though I can’t deny Sam’s experience. I can’t say he didn’t experience it. I wasn’t there. Experiences are more subjective. So I do desire the experience but I also am concerned with the desire to protect people and not putting up expectations for people that I don’t know if they will happen. But I want that intimacy, worship, the joy and freedom to enjoy God.
New post: My exciting new job at Elsevier: Inaugural editor-in-chief of The Journal of Applied Publishing Experiments: http://bit.ly/HIZxHP
I hope it clears up a bit Saturday night when we
The doily on this card is my second attempt at designing a heart doily. I now understand why patterns for heart doilies are impossible to find. Luckily it is tucked in behind the image, hiding the fact that it is way too long. However, I am nothing if not stubborn and persistent, so I tried again and came up with a shorter version:
To repeat what I'd said
Two articles that scream the need for creativity in the world caught my eye in the New York Times today.
Among the artists featured in the program were the Grateful Dead, who gave their very first UK performance at the Hollywood, Black Sabbath, Free, Family, Ginger Baker’s Airforce, Traffic, Mike Cooper, Quintessence, Mungo Jerry, Screaming Lord Sutch, Jose Feliciano, Colosseum, and the Radha Krishna Temple. The program for this festival has become a high ticket collector’s item. The Hare Krsnas are included on the events bill in the Festival program.
1 Piece of card stock 2" by 8 1/2 in Basic Black (121045)
Walk into any cellular phone store or big box electronics retailer and you can get a brand new cell phone in pristine condition, ready to go, from one of the major carriers. Just try and walk out with that phone before signing your life away for two years and listen to the security alarms go off. Aside from pay as you go cell phone plans, you need to make a major commitment to get a cell phone that will work on one of the big wireless networks. Is there any way to make a better deal?
OK, so it's nothing new. I feel like this is coming at the end of the OSDM revival. Now that every conceivable corner of the old-school has been reanimated and the genre has found its soul(less corpse) again, it's time to start moving forward.
I can get feedback right from the website for each post instead of having to let the users e-mail me. Also, being able to update this site on any computer (or even my phone/tablet) is great. In the end, I feel this is a win/win situation.
Car: (slaps him across his face and pulls his tusks) What is wrong with you?! Idiot. You know you’re the best animal for the job. Plus, the Narwhal has seen you fight dedicatedly for the lives of all the creatures here. What do you think he would say if you told him this?
So, here I go, plodding away to the next victory: being below 310 again. All I have to do is lose another 15lbs; and the first just weren’t that painful.
There is also plenty of drama. While most of the scenes are deliberately over-acted to get as many laughs as possible, there were some genuinely moving moments. The scenes between Om and his ‘filmi ma’ and his friendship with Pappu were given as much care and emotion as the romantic scenes with Shanti and the confrontations with Mukesh. The film loses momentum a little towards the end, but only for a moment and it soon picks up the pace with the final Andrew Lloyd-Webber inspired showdown.
As you can see, the file is longer than than the size of the window, so it scrolls past making it unreadable.
7 number
In real­ity, there is so much more to con­sider when answer­ing ques­tions than just hav­ing prod­uct knowl­edge. For exam­ple, con­sider how your cus­tomers feel after you have answered their ques­tions. You may think you met their needs, when they still have con­cerns. The way you respond and the style you use when tak­ing care of a cus­tomer affects how they per­ceive you and your com­pany over­all. For instance, if a cus­tomer asks you for the bal­ance due on his account, you can:
I love this insert set, featuring all the World Series programs. The goal is to get all of the ones in which the Dodgers played in the World Series. But I couldn't resist these. My brother -- the Red Sox fan -- owned the '86 program.
Zombie: Send... more... paramedics.
Your acceptance to this e-mail and business proposal will be highly appreciated.
And I'll trust my Maker to show me when to give them my gift.
Can they win out, can they survive as an entity, will their individual customs and countries remain free, we failed did we not, our countries fell, our religions and beliefs systems, our very patriotism exploited and used to further another’s agenda, if we, we in the first world were conquered, why not them. In the west the hydra grows ever stronger; its poison corrupts even at street level, upon the street Islamophobia intensifies and my own die in war, in battle, in another battle against my people’s interests. Today my own people have been thoroughly engineered, engineered to hate, for hates, sake, automatons for the new order, yet in many ways I have to ask is it a new order, or is it merely the conclusion to a centuries old scheme, a game of one-upmanship in which we are now the loser.
On the same day, magistrate Thys Taljaard denied bail to constable Hlanganani Nxumalo, 28, saying VIP protection unit members had a history of "terrorising" motorists and were not automatically entitled to bail.
15. Till We Have Faces—This, in my humble opinion, is one of the most engaging photography blogs on WordPress. He also posts videos and great book lists. There’s something about his work—the point of view, the lighting, the subject matter—that I simply cannot get enough of.
And if I thought our love was ending,
The man at the centre of the novel is David Lurie, a professor in a Cape Town university where modernisation has seen him move from teaching Literature to 'Communications' a title that doesn't sit well with this lover of the Romantic poets. His life has achieved a kind of stasis; he has been married and divorced, remaining on good terms with his ex-wife; sex has become a transaction as easily managed as any utility bill with his weekly visits to a woman named 'Soraya'; and a personal project to write an opera about Byron is always simmering away on the back burner.
I saw an older lady sitting by herself, but as I discovered, she doesn’t catch trams as she lives in the CBD. There was another older lady sitting a little distance away so I approached her. After starting to explain my topic the lady smiled and started waving her hand, ‘Sorry, I don’t understand English’. Time to move on.
The first few miles went by quickly although they were a bit crowded. Kim kept telling me to slow down a bit. We hung out behind the 2:00 pacer until about mile 2.5 or so. I was just so excited to be running through my hometown. The only downside is that you know just how far it is before the next turn on the course!
where we steamed up the windows
Then you love a little wild one
knowing his wife was
The political dynamic surrounding the payroll tax cut has now evolved in such a way that neither party wants to be blamed for its expiration, so it will likely be extended even though it has now become almost a perfect storm of policy mistakes. Its ultra-temporary nature undoes virtually all of the positive stimulus impact claimed for it, while the adverse effects include high policy uncertainty, undercutting budget transparency, increased fiscal pressure, and lasting damage to Social Security’s financial and political foundation, this last of which may well prove irreparable.
I’ve decided to go for the bowler hat and a nod to the suave Jonathan Steed from the UK t.v. series The Avengers.
3 cups hot mashed potato
To learn more about Karen and her books, please visit www.jorabooks.com
Parked, evicted family from car, put in lift, evicted from lift, into shop, marched to the tent we wanted, grabbed a bag ... bloody hell its heavy , I kid you not, 20.8 kilograms could kill a woman's back, it didn’t, lifted it up, trolley-fied, grabbed a canopy and a footprint (some thin protective groundsheet thing that goes under the tent), grabbed a couple of hob cooker things, a cool bag, cool blocks for cool bag, double air bed, oh and some mug flasks x4, one for each of us. Yes I think I am done pushing the darn trolley around the outdoor supermarket, our job here is done.
“crossings” in the margin accounts, which did not involve any change in the
There is, in fact, no logical reason to assume that Tatlin’s Tower, once built, would even be architectural. Indeed, there is no logical reason to assume that Tatlin’s Tower, in its full realization, its exact structural form, is something that can even be seen.
Starting the Iraq war was confused, incoherent, incompetent and comfortable with American decline. What’s wrong with Bolton’s “recollection” of past political conditions? Perhaps he is focused on the wrong political party? Does Bolton know why the Bush team started the Iraq war? America does not know.
I was born just after McCarthy died - perhaps worn out from brutalising America - when business men wore bowler hats, when free love was waiting in the wings and when my mother still believed she loved my father.
Not only was the ruling regime condoning violent, racist hate crimes and woefully failing it it’s constitutionally obligated duties, it was actively aiding and abetting it. Consider that:
Szymanowski – Symphony no.3, ‘The Song of the Night’
Reviewed by Elen Caldecott
86. My name is Peter Pan, cuz I can take you to Never Never Land.
Some people say a woman is Christian because her father is Christian, while she does not believe in any religion whatsoever. She doesn’t believe in God, in the prophet, in Judgment Day, in any values, or in worshipping God. Such a woman is not Christian, even if she is regarded as Christian. We have to make sure that she’s really of the People of the Book.
to where God wants me
- tomato paste
Jayhawks Take me with you UK
Poitier has directed a number of popular movies such as A Piece of the Action; Uptown Saturday Night, and Let’s Do It Again (with friend Bill Cosby), and Stir Crazy (starring Richard Pryor and Gene Wilder). In 2002, 38 years after receiving the Best Actor Award, Poitier was chosen by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences to receive an Honorary Award, designated “To Sidney Poitier in recognition of his remarkable accomplishments as an artist and as a human being.” Since 1997 he has been the Bahamian ambassador to Japan. On August 12, 2009, Sidney Poitier was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the United States of America’s highest civilian honor, by President Barack Obama.
You really did an outstanding job.
camping at state parks
You can mark it in whatever way you want. Here are a few suggestions to get you thinking how you might show suits some love:
Aww, twin love is probably one of the strongest bonds there is. I kind of always wished I had a twin. I’ve got an Irish twin, but that’s completely different. Me and my brother were born the same month, a year and 4 days apart. We aren’t really as close as typical twins would be. You’ll probably guess by me mentioning twins, this episode is revolving around Yuki and Yuta. We get to learn a little bit more about these two. Who are quiet, and an interesting pair. I just love how this anime brings back so many memories.
Edward (Ted) R. Hennessy, 35, Belmont, Mass.
much part of the British art-rock tradition. In particular,
Me: I’ve packed two bags with enough clothes for three days. I have a copy of all my legal documents/life docs as well. There is an additional cell phone charged in my car, in addition to the one I have. My sister has been a bit absent lately. I am driving toCalifornia. I will have my own car. The lawyer has my information from childhood cases with CPS, he is looking into a few things and is supposed to get back to me next week. The legal way will be a long process. Starting with obtaining either a Cease and Desist letter or a Protective Order, but like he said… It’s just paper. I’m sorry to keep you so late. So… Am I ok? No, not really. But, I’m stuck. I only see one way out. Sorry.
COUNTRY: GHANA
Investigations by journalists are turning up facts about Sergeant Bales that do not make a pretty picture. He has had problems with the law. He was hauled up for drunk driving and for a ‘misdemeanor’. He was a stocks trader and enlisted after he was accused of fraud—he defrauded an elderly couple of their entire savings. There is no record of his having done anything in the military as a result of the stress that he was under till he ‘cracked up’ and went berserk. It is also being said that he was under financial strain and was about to lose his home. None of this explains or excuses his behavior. What does explain it is hatred drilled into him for the enemy because of their religion and ethnicity and because they want their country for themselves and are fighting for it –just as the Red Indians did and just as the black slaves did for their rights? The Kandahar atrocity will never ever go away—you just have to read the heart rending transcript of Karzais talk with those who lost their women and children. What do you say to them? When Karzai demands that night raids be stopped he is voicing the anger and pain of those whose doors are kicked in by soldiers who have no business being in their land.
Why?
4. Set The Controls For The Heart Of The Sun (6:47)
The fairy on the right of the pocket is framed with an oval chipboard frame from BG Porcelain. It was nice to be able to use some more of that too as I had loads left.. Hanging from the frame is a little silver bee charm, hanging from some fine nylon thread.
Crayons help, but never really hold them off for more than 3.5 minutes.
It has a wide rounded neck-line on front and back and capped sleeves. The cleavage ties together with a fake bow and the design shows off a small amount of midriff.
Preparing mussels for cooking:
The holy Qur’an ( Meanning – the recitation) was revealed by almighty Allah through Angel Jibraeel (Alaihis-Salaam.
That quote describes my life pretty well right now. It has been a little over a month since I have written a new post because life decided to happen to me. A month ago today, my 18-month-old great-nephew came to live with me while his parents work some things out in their lives. To say this was a big change might just be the understatement of the century. I have gone from living alone, doing what I want when I want, to caring for this small child who just needs someone to pay attention to him and help him learn to explore.
o Link your post to the weekly Nonfiction Monday Round-up! (Please use the permalink to your post, not the address of your blog. Thanks!)
So with the damper being a constant volume design, structurally stiff, lightweight and easy to package why has it not become the norm for F1 suspensions?
Innovation happens at an amazingly speedy pace and happens regardless of IP. The language and dialogue should be about innovation, business and commercialisation through the creativity which translates design into tradable IP. That needs the support of a user friendly IP framework when designers (the majority of them small businesses) are copied, and the majority of which is blatant. Damages to dissuade the consistent protagonists, many of them in our own back yard. Effective training of IP intermediaries who can help small businesses creates a proactive IP strategy as part of their marketing and communications plan. These three steps alone would encourage growth and make jobs more secure.
One day he’ll out of this cocoon.
But here today I still have some cards to share with you.
I know how long it's been since I've even said "hello". I am sorry, but I honestly do not know how some of you crafters out there keep up in the midst of a move, but I really did not remember how much work and time was involved in preparing for a big move like this. I do think about you all and think about crafting alot too. I put this card together quick for my daughter. She really loved this stamp set we happened by while out looking for something for her at the craft store. I broke down and got it and made a card for her. She is such a cat lover, and this one looks alot like our little Blackie Boo Bear. I am struggling to find a way to craft a little bit here and there, but time is really working against me. I know it won't be long, and I will be able to do this alot more, but I am longing for it quite a bit.
OFFENSE
It's been a lovely week, weather-wise. I've seen people gardening and cycling in shorts and tee-shirts and Summer dresses have been out in proliferation. I've even seen people actually getting sun-burnt. Today, Sunday was lovely so i grabbed my camera and headed outside.
The ribbon cutting ended at exactly 12:12 p.m., and a long line began forming at the museum doors for the first entry at 12:45 p.m. Dali museum members & visitors (who had purchased timed entry tickets) lined up for the first glimpse of this marvelous museum. I was told by museum volunteers that the museum was filled to its 2000 capacity within 30 minutes. Apparently, the first in line were from Germany, who come for their vacation in the St Petersburg area every year and had changed their trip to be here for the opening. Others had come from Spain, Italy, France, Russia, India, China & many more countries as well as every state just to be here for this historical event. Of course, St Petersburg, Florida & the Tampa Bay were well represented too. The visitors ranged in age from small babies, one even sported a hand drawn Dali moustache, to retirees, with & without Dali moustaches. The visitors included the Krewe of the Knights of Sant’ Yago from Tampa in their traditional Spanish clothing, students in the Advanced Placement art history class at Osceola High School who dressed as the images in Dalí’s famous painting The Hallucinogenic Toreador and many other people donning images from Dali’s works – shoes, ants, lobsters, diving gear, elephants. It was incredible with everyone smiling & having fun. Official entertainment included The Florida Orchestra Brass Quintet, the Cuban & Latin jazz band Freddy Montes & Son and the Ovations School for the Arts dancers, who performed different types of dances from several decades.
3. The Fintan Stack Amendment: Evidence against points 1. and 2. suggesting that Africa still had problems, and that South Africa was letting the side down over Mugabe and AIDS, were met by a blank look that said "I had my fun, and that's all that mattered".
Omaha Nebraska, Manhattan Kansas, Kansas City, Tulsa Oklahoma, Oklahoma City, Shreveport Louisiana, Uvalde Texas, San Angelo Texas, Abilene Texas, Fort Worth Texas, Aberdeen South Dakota, Rapid City South Dakota, and Nashville Tennessee.
We then headed on over to the Klein Venedig or Little Venice which is a colony of picturesque's fishermen houses from the 19th century along one side of the river Regnitz. I expressed a desire to live in one of those homes. This stunned my friend(she is german). She wouldn' have chosen such a place . "Just think of all the hochwasser( flood)" she says..:D So much for my wishful thinking.
A part of you
The problem with this though is that first sentences are just that: first. You don't know anything about the novel yet and race through the first paragraphs and pages just to get your bearings, to figure out who is who and what exactly the hell is going on. So most readers read the first sentence purely pragmatically as a step toward getting comfortable with the work.
Despair is more difficult to diagnose. It manifests itself in different ways, and can cripple the spirit. It has come to me in waves. For the symptoms you have to look at yourself in the mirror. For me, it is giving up. There are so many things I’ve wanted to do here. I blame my inability to do them on others, when it really was my own fault. There is no use trying to win that grant, getting anything done here is impossible, I would tell myself. This is an epidemic of the mind that affects all of us volunteers. But what I believe now is that we have to fight it. By giving up on a goal, we affect not only ourselves but also the people we were called upon to serve. No one joins Peace Corps with low ambitions. Our idealism is what makes us unique, and we can’t lose it. Unfortunately some goals are too lofty, and too difficult given the social and political circumstances. But that doesn’t meant that I can’t try harder. It’s not fair that I have gotten more out of this experience than Bonga has.
It's SO hard.
“Wait a second”, he said, holding up Trent's hand, “You're missing a piece of your finger. Trent made it out in one piece, amazingly. Now just who are you?”. Trent took his hand away and put it into his pocket. He produced a severed fingertip and held it up.
The service went smoothly and the Roman Catholics before us somehow managed to squeeze 120 people into the room. I was very glad I did speak about the refurbishment and what it meant as here was a lot of emotion around, including on the part of the people who are most firmly in favour of the changes who nevertheless feel exactly the same sense of unsettlement and bereavement. I become ever more convinced that what we're doing is not just a practical matter of flooring and seating and lights, but actually has a spiritual significance.
whether it is cooked or not.
Meanwhile, there is still that piece of furniture still looking for a home. It might just have to find a home in someone else's home. Today I plan to tackle the upstairs entryway. It is where all the winter gear is kept. With all the mud I do not think we will be using the snowshoes and cross country skis again this year. Our home is small and cozy and anything that is not being used can not sit around.
Seabass
As a person of privilege, I have chosen to take responsibility to unlearn my own prejudice and racism. I have chosen to educate my own community about our prejudices, about the effect of our actions and our silence on our fellow human beings, and about the consequences our failure to live up to our own religious and human values.
Mr Watson has championed the cause of Tommy Sheridan. The former MSP was gaoled for perjury committed in his successful damages action against News International.
as we rattled and juddered and communally
4 oz feta cheese
Thank you for your encouraging words. They buoy me in these choppy waters.
3-4 – Entertainer extraordinare Little John Nee hosts our party pieces. How fast can you say the Our Father in Irish? Can you speed knit? Dance a jig? Sing a nice song? Or simply wiggle your ears or bend your fingers in an unnatural fashion? No matter how big or small, professionally learned, gifted or just plain infantile-but-very-funny- your party piece is – bring it along to The Good Room and add it to our Good Room YouTube Gift List.
I held a quiet complacency that my life would be so very different, so much better, devoid of the suffering around me.
LMNOP and Performance:
White Wednesday @ Faded Charm
Good morning! Can't believe it's Monday again! Hope your week is getting off to a great start! I have a busy week planned, but still hope to get some crafting in. Before I get going, I'm popping in to share the card I made for a few challenges I like to do. It is for the Saturated Canary Challenge #15 (April showers), Colour Create Challenge #94 (blue, yellow and white), Sketch Saturday #203, Simon Says Stamp Challenge (April showers bring spring flowers) and Challenge #41 on Suzanne Dean's Color Me Creative Classroom site (color yellows).
Like many Malaysians, she’s lived in multiple countries. She left for Singapore after Form 3 on an Asean scholarship, went on to university there and stayed on to work as an architect and in urban development. Two-and-a-half years ago, with an eye to a future career in academic teaching, she went to London to get a PhD.
Can always get a stiffy,
because some days, you'll come across a comment that literally makes you laugh out loud...for a long time!
Today's challenge at Crafts and Me is "3D Embellishments" chosen by the lovely Angela. Well you know me and embellishments, haha, so not a difficult one.
Upon the first idea , the first discussion, we knew how it would be ... "what if we just pack up everything and move to Buenos Aires?" ... This could be a Grand Adventure !
I soon grew to love it, and the more I loved it, the more I played it. I also think that if any one of the tracks was taken out, the album wouldn’t have been nearly as good. The second song for example, On The Run, although its not really what I would call a song, I never skip it, it makes the whole album sort of bind together, it tells part of the story like a stroke of genius.
I just finished reading Open Wounds the other day. I've been aching to talk about it ever since, but with the holiday and other blogging things scheduled, I had to bite my tongue and wait. Before I get to my thoughts let me give you the jacket copy:
Coaches were stately carriages with four wheels and windows on all sides. The curved underbody and seating for four passengers were also characteristic. A Town Coach was massive and often drawn by up to six horses and usually sported a coat of arms painted on the doors.
husband and I had completed years ago, it brought back sad memories of things I thought I had dealt with. And because I had no peace, God’s peace, the memories began to suck me in and take me back to a place, I thought I had forsaken for my good.
This one is the same as that in the thali click. There I let the moong dal 'stand out' in the click so that it is not mistaken for toor dal sambar.Actually, this is the original texture of the khee. The dals are lighly mashed and then cooked with milk and jaggery. Check out the recipe here...
Nope, there’s simply no way that eleven year old Colton could ever have seen Jesus’s bloody wounds, or other images of heaven, even though his father Todd is an evangelical pastor in Nebraska. And of course it defies belief to think that Colton could simply make up that his miscarried sister, whom he had never seen, had hair similar in color to that of his older sister. Ergo Jesus! Colton could, of course, heard someone else mention the miscarriage, or it could simply have been a lucky guess. How many other things did Colton say that weren’t credible?
Ég anda
They had been investigating the group that he used to be in or was in, and they had finally found the apartment-like house and they hoped to finally find some evidence that would allow them to go after the group; and a woman with the FBI or some group was heading the investigation, she had blond colored hair with whitish colored skin and she wore a blueish colored FBI-like outfit with a matching baseball cap.
Boyce states: "We are being asked the impossible by Mr Simonetti in terms of what he expects as a replacement.
Mr du Toit fired back, but none of the terrorists were hit. His wife and children were then tied up with cable ties, which is commonly also used by the Police and which are being used more and more in these attacks. One must ask why it is so convenient that they always manage to "find" cable ties......
Chasing Amy
briefly touching wood
However, over the last few years I’ve developed a great deal of respect for those authors who have clearly done their homework. And I’m not talking just scientific research, but cultural and historical as well. I’m coming to believe that details can make or break a novel, and when a writer really knows what they’re talking about, you can tell.
I used to carry LOTS more shame about my messy home - but shame doesn't serve anyone, it wasn't helpful. I say I'm not shameful now - but I sure wouldn't let you in to my house! I guess my shame has lessened, because I used to hide this, not tell anyone. Now, most people who know me a little know about it. Some have even come in. Some have loved me, anyway.
Will the normal anti-riot gear – the shield-toting FRUs, red water cannon trucks, and tear gas rifles – be used?
Greece rank 3rd place (18%) in world production after Spain (30%) and Italy (24%).
Ann Giles grew up in Sweden, quite a long time ago, and for want of something better to do she somehow managed to get a degree in English and Swedish at the university of Göteborg. Then, seeking a more interesting life she came to Britain, got married and had two children, enjoying the British weather and the food and last but not least, the people. Having only ever been any good at writing weird comments about what people get up to, she found that blogging is quite a good way to do it. And getting compliments from real writers is so nice that she may not stop just yet. But she is definitely not well versed in old Greek anythings. Sorry about that.
So, to the various projects on the table, I now add Victory at Sea.
This kind of interaction is happening all the time. Anything we love to do shines with love and brightens the world around us. For example it is enlightening to see a parent playing and having fun with their children. When we see couples sharing a tender loving moment we are lifted a little with the love that radiates from them. When we come across a piece of technology that helps us in our life, we appreciate the effort and love put into it by the unknown engineers, developers and workers who created it.
54. Bronze Drake – Heroic Culling of Stratholme
Gregory: perhaps not
As the only girl of the family she would have been responsible
This is not Forgiveness is set in a now so up to date it makes your teeth hurt. It features a soldier with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, a politically active girl with some very self-destructive tendencies and a boy who you just know is going to get caught up between them and suffer.
Translation: “The Internet can’t be allowed to govern itself anymore. Governments must take over.”
It still needs some work. But more for formatting and font size issues than for actual content reasons.
How is everyone doing today? Great I hope! :) Wanted to say Thank you to everyone that played in our FBW Anything Goes challenge last week and hope you all enjoyed our makes with our sponsored images from Sparkle Creations Rubber Stamps. Thanks again to Sparkle for sponsoring!!
All of this stems from the people in my childhood who chose to show me the magic in a book, the character development that comes from acting out a play, dancing or performing, the lessons to be learned from the people who have come before us and it has continued to be self driven by my love of knowledge. These are things I hope to share with all of you here on this blog (and most importantly, with my children.)
Fuck being successful, fuck appearing to have it all together, fuck having to figure out if you’re going to have an abortion, if you’re going to play god and terminate the life of another. Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Ok! Fuck this. Fuck everything…
Happy Spring,
Give me the skinny on you guys. Where you’re from, where you live, where you went to school, your age, any data points that’ll make you more of a person and less random internet guy.
Card Stock: Papertrey Vintage Cream
Sit back, relax and leave the driving to us. I think that was an old Greyhound bus slogan. I have traveled by Greyhound, but I prefer cruises, automobiles or airplanes rather than buses.
Many English and German words have the same roots, but are written and pronounced slightly different: for example, the English house turns to “Haus” in German, and is pronounced almost identical. Or, to pick a group of words that is mentioned in the poems. colors. In English, there is red, green, blue, white – in German, it’s rot, grün, blau and weiß. Of course, some colours are very different. But there also are some words that remain the same in both languages – and it was this group that inspired the creation of the visuals “The Things that Remain” – “Die Dinge, die bleiben”.
Thank you,
We needed a menu board for the kitchen. Hubby is always asking what's for dinner. I have it written on my notepad, but I guess it didn't do him any good there. I pinned this a while back knowing I'd get back to it one day. Well today is the day.
Many others have commented more fully on the show, on what happened, and what impact it is likely to have on the future on the BritNat party. An impact which I personally believe will be positive. Polls are already showing that a growing number of people, more than one in five, would now consider voting BNP. We can only speculate as to what the number would be had Griffin been given the fair hearing which he was democratically entitled to, and which the BBC's charter required them to give him.
And when I say I started off the new year, I got up at 8:00 am and headed to the 8:30 class on January 1st.
Let’s see.
I am often dumbfounded when I hear someone talk about their beliefs, absurd practices (to me), and/or the foundational “facts” that are the cornerstones of their religion, only to hear those same believers of possibly mystical powers, make fun of the “ridiculousness” of another person’s religious beliefs, practices, and/or foundation or cornerstones.
13 days until Christmas and the last challenge of 2011 at Cutie Pies. The new challenge is Use a Sentiment and will run until the 7th January 2012. You have lots of time to get your entries in over Christmas and New Year. The Challenge is sponsored by Crafty Emma's Store - Emma has very kindly given a £10 Gift Voucher (P&P not included) as a prize to one of our Winners to spend in her shop. I've paid a little visit today and there are some bargins to be had some of her stock has
Republicans outnumber Democrats three to one in the state, and no Democratic presidential candidate has won South Carolina since Jimmy Carter in 1976. The chance of DeMint being toppled by a Democratic, especially a Democrat such as Rawl who’s just as much a party fixture, even with the fierce anti-incumbent mood was unlikely.
Some More tips and How-To’s From Laura
He came to his home town and began to teach the people in their synagogue, so that they were astounded and said, ‘Where did this man get this wisdom and these deeds of power? Is not this the carpenter’s son? Is not his mother called Mary? And are not his brothers James and Joseph and Simon and Judas? And are not all his sisters with us? Where then did this man get all this?’ And they took offence at him. But Jesus said to them, ‘Prophets are not without honour except in their own country and in their own house.’ And he did not do many deeds of power there, because of their unbelief. http://bible.oremus.org/
Of course the only picture I got was of the Bourbonic (even that was an after thought)! Too much great beer to taste! It was truly a great night to be in Portland!
6.Sweets
powder and fresh ground black pepper, put in the toaster oven or broiler
getting vocal--lots of playing with his voice, including shouts and squeals
I have another confession. I can’t bear to hear a person feel so defeated and out of the game of life because they believe they are living under the curse of “the sins of the father.”
Note Cards and Envelopes (107311)
Women have been pigeon holed into having an unnatural relationship with food for years and years. It would be great to have personal stories added, link any cool articles or just talk about why you love the food you eat! :)
Nichol KL, Margolis KL, MURDOCH LA, McFADDEN R, HAUGE M, MAGNAN S, et al. Side effects associated with influenza vaccination in healthy working adults. A randomized, placebo-controlled trial. Arch Intern Med 1996; 156: 546-550. 1546-1550
So now I die, please understand.
on ponds at twilight
(Farrar, Straus and Giroux) - Interview coming soon.
or get a place at your chosen school,
I’m in touch with lots of area authors who are going to write posts here. But I don’t know everybody, so if you, too, are an author with a book coming out, or if you’d like to write a guest post, or if you’re connected to any book-related event, leave me a message in the comments. Don’t be shy! Self-published authors are welcome here, too.
Our official programs include a car rally carrying Nepali flags and slogan cards to promote ‘Visit Lumbini Year 2012’, Buddha Pooja ‘worship’, Vipassyana meditation, Blood donation on 5th may, photo exhibition on Buddha life, pure vegetarian food, Buddha Cup 7 A side football, ‘chello’ competition, many kids & family fun and speech by chief guest Deepak khadka (Honorary Consul, Consulate General of Nepal Sydney) respected scholars Dr Shrestha, Mr Bajhracharya, Er Ramkumar Shrestha (Global Co-ordinator of The Lumbini Kapilvastu Day Movemet) and other guests including Mr Manoj Gajurel(famous Nepali Comedian and Cultural Ambassador of The Lumbini Kapilvastu Day Movement).
It’s not uncommon for homeowners to believe there’s a ghost in the house rattling around at all hours of the night. Hissing, cracking, hammering and clanging have all been used to describe the noises problem plumbing tends to make. And, while those noises are most likely not Casper; one of the real life Ghost Hunters from the Sci Fi Channel may actually be the right guy for the job.
Well... I think I wrote a hundred times here that time flies!!! And somehow.. it just does.... giggle.
Doesn’t matter anyway, because when the train stops in front of a bunch of armed police looking for Shu, Yahiro shoves him off in what was the best/funniest part of the episode:
i am interviewing My Doctor and Smoking Cessation leader on Tuesday, The Hypnotherapist onm Wednesday and i will interview my wife over the next week or so i am on track to pretty much where i want to be which is to have interviews done before the end of March.
I'm amazed at what a loss I felt at losing a year's worth of inconsequential photos, and have come to realize that they really are a sort of a photographic journal for me. That photo is just an airplane to you, but when Clint and I see it, we remember browsing cowboy boots with Jennifer and Bill at Pard's Western Store on a Saturday afternoon. When we stepped out of the store, this tank of a USAF airplane was flying over, you see, low and loud.
I wanted to do this last year with the baby but by the time Halloween rolled around he was less than 2 months old and I was more than sleep deprived.
Bloomington Brewing Company
It all sounds stupid. But it doesn't stop at stupidity: Night Of The Lepus continues on to become what could kindly be called the worst idea for a horror movie than remaking House Of Wax with Paris Hilton.
Almost every health care professional emphasized that we all must realize that doctors are people just like us. They have personalities, feelings, good days, bad days, families and social lives.
As I said, Paramount granted a miniscule budget in order to pump TWoK out--a laughably absurd $ 11 million or about the same amount of money it would take to get Sandra Bullock these days. Even then, it was a paltry sum, but fortunately for paramount, the movie made back its entire budget in the first weekend and went on to be a big hit during a year crowded with blockbusters.
One of Portland’s mottos is “Keep Portland Weird.” It’s a fun and funky slogan. It’s even painted all over one wall in Old Town. It sums up part of the Portland experience. (I’m not sure if the Benz really fits with the motto, though).
The barn looks like it's very well taken care of. It's a smaller barn, but a nice property.
So, here is Jordan nestled in her odd, odd world. All images shot with film (Kodak and Ilford) and vintage cameras (Canon AE-1 and a Rolleiflex).
The dish I've made is something that is very useful during this holiday season especially if you're serving cheese - A good cracker is essential and these are very easy to make and keep very well.
American Crafts Cardstock (White)
I "girl-ed up" over the past weekend for a lunch. There are times when I feel like wearing a dress is the only appropriate option and this was one of those instances, to say the least.
Tip 1: There is free water in the Borobudur ticket office. Get some.
Not content with the ruling, the Obama Administration interceded, asking that ruling to be vacated and heard before the full appeals court who has now ruled, “As much as we may wish for expeditious improvement in the way the VA handles mental health care and service-related disability compensation, such responsibilities are left to Congress and the executive,” as stated by Judge Jay Bybee in the 10-1 decision.
Business schools should be able to charge anything they want for an MBA, since in the end what they monetize is career anxiety more than anything else. If they’re allowed to offer the proletariate version of a knighthood and call it a degree, why not let the free market determine the cost? I apologize if I offend any MBA graduates out there: my point is that people will give you all kinds of compelling reasons for doing an MBA; the content isn’t often one of them.
○ Alternate Ending: Carousel Fight
Have a good time, feel free to ask me anything and don't forget to comment once in a while! (;
I would love to be accountable to you and share my journey with this journal. How perfect for a scrapbooker to be able to go on a Wellness Journey and make improvements to my body, mind and spirit and have this fun journal to share.
Each week we pick one lucky winner of a $5 gift certificate to Sassy Cheryl's shop and this week it's Mary Demmons. Congratulations, Mary!!
So I feel like I am getting slower every week rather than improving……my running times are pissing me off! Grrrrr. Will someone please make me angry right before my next race so that I can run really fast? Thanks.
After arriving back at Gold Mine Gap I headed 0.6 miles further up Cooper Road trail to Cane Gap. Here the Cane Creek trail leads 2.1 miles to the northern boundary of the Park, and the Cooper Road trail continues east toward Cades Cove.
We will be let down when we put our stock in things this side of heaven by chasing the next best thing. This is a promise I continually fail to realize. Companies like Sears, Sony Pictures, American Apparel, Nokia, Saab, A&W All-American Foods, Sony Ericsson and Myspace are all about to be destroyed by more than rust and moths. They serve as a fresh reminder that nothing this side of heaven lasts forever.
1 anyplace
Lili of the Valley is a UK Company which has a simply gorgeous range of unique un-mounted rubber stamps.
Usability
I'll admit it. It is the Goyer name alone that caught my eye here. Goyer is the screenwriter of Batman Begins, The Dark Knight, and the Blade Trilogy. So yeah he has some decent cred to go by. He's had some stinkers as well. Jumper anyone? I might lose interest in this one if I hear sour things as I did with Tim Kring' Shift last year, but time will tell. Goyer does have a good sense of the dramatic and action.
So when I visit schools, I also like to add that you never know exactly when the next idea may be planted, where a spark may come from, where your influences begin. They could spring from a dandelion seed blowing in the breeze. Or from the stranger who coughs in your ear. Or from a kid who missed the bus. Or they could come from your mom who sat there with a page of squares and a sharpened pencil.
1 dsstsp dried milk
I nod. We stand and stare up at the house and listen to the wind come through the palm fronds. I am holding a bag of celery in my hand.
Have you ever seen a license plate that says something like BOBS WIF or JRS GIRL ? How about internet screen names along the lines of "So 'n' So's Honey/Wife/Girlfriend....? It always irritates the crap out of me when I see something like that. That a woman could be so wrapped up in her man, she's lost her own identity. Even if it is a simple thing as a plate or a S.N., she has still reduced herself to property. I mean, it's great that you love someone so much, but did you lose yourself along the way? It always reminds me of the Dom/Sub relationship.
Although my Grandma died over a decade ago, it's interesting to me to now own the china that she selected herself as a young woman so many years ago. To see which style appealed to her when she was choosing her china pattern.
This is a story Stanley Kiesel told…
Now onto the spoilers.
The cognitive functions serve as one such mechanism through which the community, operating in many ways like an organism, adapts. Here the individual variation preserved at the biological level provides the basis for social variation that defines the community’s structure. Internally, this results in the stabilization of a typological distribution akin to the stabilization of an arrangement of cells and organs within a complex organism. These processes, in turn, produce much of the material that the community puts to use in adapting to its environment.
St Roberts Catholic Primary School, Harrogate!
You can use the rmdir command to remove a directory (make sure it is empty first). Try to remove the backups directory. You will not be able to since UNIX will not let you remove a non-empty directory.
Add white wine, stirring
DO: Read as many books on craft as you did. It made you a MUCH better writer.
“For some time I have been disturbed by the way the CIA has been diverted from its original assignment. It has become an operational and at times a policy making arm of the government.” – President Harry Truman
To paraphrase Blur, modern football is rubbish and Arsenal are intent on proving it with the new kit reverting to 1993/94 season’s sleeves. They weren’t very popular at the time either. Beware Arsenal playing the long ball game next season, it would be a historical forewarning of the end of the Wenger era, following the path trodden by Don Howe and George Graham.
April 15 = Greek Orthodox Easter Traditions
Honestly, I don’t feel guilty about it. I don’t often feel guilt anymore (though I confess that was something I felt a lot in the beginning). Now it is more that I have to work through my concerns and do some serious problem solving. It’s going to take a while to negotiate the waters of this transition. Transitions are, by definition, stormy. In the end, it’s going to be good, I know it is. I can already see glimmers of it and it is early days. One of my sisters is participating in going to David’s planning meetings. We’re working with Temple University on getting David’s iPad2 operational. And with the iPad2 some of my other family will be able to “visit” with David virtually via FaceTime. It will be good.
My past is my enemy, as I’ve seen enough
And I have to say: she succeeded! But you will see yourselves.
"Oh, right..."
More time OUTDOORS ~ Running, walking, biking, gardening, puttering in the yard, sitting on the porch or deck with a cup of coffee or glass of wine, lunch or even supper on the deck......I just love being outdoors!
p.s. i love fall. i love the colors. i love the crisp air. i love the sound of rain falling. i have missed it and am glad it is back.
We did have the INTECH home ed trip on Tuesday, where the Planetarium show was fabulous. They covered flight into the Known Universe which matched recent building of Solar Sysytem for youngest plus added the immense amount of information on space that is now available. Subhanallah makes you realise how tiny we are in the big scheme of things!
He hacked into Paypal to pay for my speakers and got away with it. There is no address for the guy, his phone number is false and Ebay protection only applies when you buy goods, not when you sell them.
We are told it cures a hangover but of course we at Nacho Mom's wouldn't know. :-) LOL
I think I’ll need some help with picking that stuff up since it’s all tangled together. Even though there’s a nice fence here now, I still have a stray post and a few boards from the old wooden fence that needs cleaned up too.
“Kate and Gerry remain very grateful for the co-operation of the police in the search for Madeleine.”»
There may be some changes to come... but I promise that they will be awesome ones! I'm just trying to decide what those changes might be... should be.
No. No. And no.
-Generate at unless the the least 1000 per 30 days.
Motive is a very powerful tool. It can be the difference between the protag and the antag: both working toward the same goal, but with different motives in mind.
“Some little adolescent nutcase who was on Joe Colpitts.”
The English seem unstoppable, as far as I can see.
Soon, some busty, blonde, ditzy ladies grabbed the table next to us... either dressed up strippers or KC socialite/scenesters... the type who perpetually date Chiefs players and will only be seen at the city's current hot spot. Their hundred-dollar-Nordstrom-shirted male counterparts never joined them at the table--they stayed nearer the bar engaging in real man conversation and, generally, to be seen in the epicenter of the newest and arguably most popular restaurants in the city. I mention this only in an attempt to convey a little about what it feels like to be in the bar at G&D right now. This is the frequent clientele. Not a bad thing but humorously predictable and, over time, when they migrate to the next new hot spot, I expect Gram & Dun will take on a slightly more, shall we say, approachable tonality.
Pastrami Queen, on the upper east side of Manhattan, is one of the few remaining hold outs of classic Jewish Deli tradition. Pastrami Queen is also under Kosher supervision, but it is not “Glatt” like Liebman’s in the Bronx. The only other well-known deli that has actual Kosher status in Manhattan is 2nd Avenue.
These dumps are configured and controlled independently of the rest of the WER infrastructure. You can make use of the local dump collection even if WER is disabled or if the user cancels WER reporting. The local dump can be different than the dump sent to Microsoft.
It is so simple. You paint Mod Podge clue on the back of the cut paper. You lay it down on the tile and paint on a coat of glue on top. Let it dry for 48 hours and do another coat.
Elwood was a New Jersey native who started off the 70s writing for wrestling magazines before turning his attention to compilations of SF and Horror, often working in conjunction with fellow editor Vic Ghidalia (when the latter didn't ghost-edit the volumes outright). During 1964-72 Elwood produced a relatively-few 13 titles, but 1973 & '74 saw a remarkable 39 books bearing his name, for a wide variety of publishers. The titles rapidly dropped off after that, and after 12 more volumes spread out over the next three years, books with the Elwood imprimatur disappeared. After about a decade of silence, Elwood, an avowed Christian, began producing novels with an evangelical focus. His writing ceased with the turn of the century, and he died in 2007.
I was excited to find the blooming calendula, on a walk with the dogs near the pond this week. We've had quite a few hard frosts already. There have also been some warm days and nights, though; warm enough for McNibs to decide to take a dip. Silly dog!
Within an hour, it is well risen and baked beautifully. The rolls were incredibly well received, compliments all around. A sinful combination and so light!
The beatified Nelson Mandela with his equally blood stained wife
OCD is one of those things that isn't normally presented realistically; the cinematic shorthand we have for OCD is Jack Nicholson dancing over pavement cracks in the dreamy fairy tale that is As Good As It Gets, or Tony Shalhoub's latex-glove wearing detective in Monk. That is, "pop OCD" is all about washing your hands repeatedly and being a sort of old-fashioned, Woody Alleny type of quirky urban neuroticism. It's about as helpful a representation as the "hysteria" label that women would get slapped with on their foreheads back in the day. In other words, not very helpful and basically made-up.
It was a cold-blooded crime. They wanted to steal the men’s car, but Smith also said at the time he wanted to know what it was like to kill someone.
They are in good company. Other official doctors’ bodies opposing any change in the law to allow assisted suicide or euthanasia are the British Medical Association (BMA), the Association for Palliative Medicine (APM), the British Geriatric Society (BGS), the Royal College of General Practitioners (RCGP) and every other Royal Medical College that has expressed an opinion on the matter.
All these players in the example were hand-selected to prove a point… but in a way, that’s another part of my overall consideration. I was able to quickly identify productive forwards with “good” character and “bad” character, and that further eliminates the importance of character in player evaluation. The only important character questions we have to address: Do any of these guys cause locker room cancer? Do any of them have a strong desire to leave their current city? Do they let off-ice actions change their play or interaction with their team? The answer for Players A through O is “no,” so their overall character doesn’t matter to a team that simply does not have enough skill.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Spray an 8" pan with cooking spray. Combine quick mix and sugar in medium bowl. Mix together eggs, milk and vanilla. Combine the liquid mixture with the dry mixture. Prepare filling separately. Add in butter to the cake mix until mixture is crumbling. Spread half of the mixture in the bottom of the pan. Sprinkle filling over the mixture. Top with the remaining cake mixture. Bake 40-50 minutes until toothpick comes out clean.
Use a blush that brightens your complexion but wont compete with the red lipstick. I used and applied NARS Orgasim blush (lightly) on my upper cheek bones.
Barefoot & Bliss Dimensional Stickers
And so my education began.
Whew! After a much needed overnight away from my beloved kids I am finally back on my feet. You heard it right, I was more tired spending a night away from them then I am waking up three times a night with the little guy, but more on that tomorrow.
yet to take all of them home
If you came here from Tanya's blog, http://www.ScrappyScavenger.wordpress.com/, then you're in the right place. If not, go there and start there. Mine is the second blog in the hop. :D
I really love fresh flowers and Hydrangea are some of my favorites, we cannot seem to get Lilac to grow well here but it is so beautiful! So near my sitting area we are planning for a large grouping of Hydrangea and some hedging to back it.
Our family produced this weekly radio show ('for by and about home based learners') for seven years. After a year's hiatus, we are back every so often, but using a 'strictly interview' format only now.
Mine Jamie's and Ethan’s jaws all drop… what the ...
While this spotted shop had a sort of charm
It’s just a drop in the ocean
Chick-fil-A Chicken Nugget
In effect there are increasingly two economies, a wealthy “top” economy doing very well, and a “bottom” economy for roughly the bottom 99% facing income stagnation, with dwindling wealth and resources.
Sea salt and black pepper, to taste
People could be given rewards for not tanning...or would that be unfair because some folks can't help they've got naturally environmentally unfriendly skin? George Hamilton would have to pay fines. Lots of fines.
Make your own fondant decoration booth
I had a great time working on it and visually it was beautiful thanks to designs by Joe Moshier and David Cutler's art direction.
Stop by, pull up a chair, sit a spell! I'd love to hear from you!
*Fine irredesant glitter
They don't only sell kitchen components, of course. Here's a nice bathroom sink from back in the dim and distant...
you must not dig deeper
I checked his card. He was not a cylon.
Judge Christine Thornton said Yildirim told the victim that in order to avoid trouble with the law, some girls offered him oral sex and intercourse.
To kick off Blog Spa, we are giving away a Basic Facial Care Set from Skin Journey.
It was a fun time! I met some new friends, a couple of young girls whose enthusiasm made all of us happy and who made sure every kid got everything signed that they wanted signed by climbing over the glass and screaming at the hockey players who were happy to oblige!
Gift of music from Zach Lopes
I have enjoyed this short week and am so glad that the weekend and some R&R is here for me!
- Let one child come up and choose an umbrella and let them open it and cover themselves. Choose a song and while you sing, walk around the primary room and spray the children who are singing their best (make sure your spray bottle is on mist!!!) My children love this!!!
What I do like, however, is the feeling of accomplishment and, frankly, self-satisfaction I get every time I come back from the gym. It is almost worth the pain of exercising.
*We've still got a momma's boy on our hands! He made it in his class at church this past month for the first time! Of course, since then, he's only spent about 10-40 minutes in class. It's ridiculous, but I know he will grow out of it. I'm praying soon! I want him to LOVE to go to class at church!
Savage Garden Medieval Forest is a wild romantic fantasy garden and forest that is a public full region in Second Life filled with several areas to relax and enjoy the sights and sounds of nature. Dance, meditate, or cuddle with a loved-one. We have several cozy private cottage rentals for a low price of 200L per week with 150 prims to use as well as merchant shops and merchant carts around the Sim. Explore our medieval castle, hidden dungeons, hidden caves, hidden waterfalls, secret gardens and a visit to the Treehouse is a must! While Savage Garden is a Mature rated Sim in Second Life, the fully furnished public taverns, caves, treehouse and castle might be considered Adult rated. We accommodate everyone here including Vampires, don’t worry they won’t bite!
October 1st comes and my wife calls me up in the middle of the day, saying that I need to find Divine Reserve. I get all fired up, call up some Specs and HEB. Specs had run out within an hour, and the Wine/Beer guy at HEB was not answering the phone. I had a couple errands, and around 3:30, I went to a neat little bar (that used to be a brewpub) that had Divine Reserve #6 (a 5 Star beer). They don't have it. I order a Pyramid Apricot Ale, and quickly derate it from a 4 star to a 3 star, as the drinkability was pretty bad. The gent at the bar said that they didn't make hardly any kegs of DR7, and I won't find it on draft anywhere. I could find DR6 at a couple local pubs months after it had come out (sad). I chat up the guys about beer, my homebrew, and about Obama, and move on home.
Charlotte: I’ve had 11 lovers already.
3 patterned papers from First Edition Paper
* Clicking on the name tag will take you directly to the post. *
Yet the mission of Nu-Labour has been completed the utter modification of British society and the crushing of popular dissent, today Britain is just a shadow of what she was even thirteen years ago, vast areas have become ghettoised, vast pools of fodder, be it for big-business to exploit or for the former government to utilise to maintain office. It isn’t simply migration, our own people have altered becoming less like they once were and it is a truism to say that many have succumb to the behaviours of the savage, the criminal or simply the thug. All aspects of our daily life have changed and our very infrastructure has been eroded whilst what is left is unfit for purpose, there has been little good to come from Nu-Labour, blood has ran and the rights of the common man have been curtailed, today so cowed have the people become or driven to such apathy that the political holds little interest, permitting all manner of evils free rein.
secure himself a crisis loan from the brew today – so this weekend we'll be eating.
Life is poetry, when viewed from a certain… point of view. Here are some of the poems, songs, and odes I’ve written in the past few years:
My 5 Year Old Grand Daughter Scarlett made this Card using the Stampin Up Heart Punch. She Colored each Heart with Crayons. She said that her Card didn't take to long to make and Walker's did. They are Excited about giving her the Cards later.
Of course, you could always go to the nearby JDWs and choose from a dozen real ales. Which is what I did.
Yup- those are footprints on the cardstock.
This has to change. Women have been fighting this battle for far too long. But there is hope.
That's a great question. I'd have to say Ultraviolence (les petits pilous remix) by hearts revolution would be the song. I mean who doesn't like violence - ultrified then remixed?
Had a slightly curtailed writing morning today, though, as I went to distribute some posters for my Didsbury Arts Festival reading. Seems daft, I know, to take up writing time doing something I could wander around doing any other time, but I'm told the Library do their notice board once a week, on a Monday morning, so I had to get in there early today if I wanted my poster to be up the full fortnight. And Monday morning's really the best time of the week to go round the shops with posters, when the shopkeepers are just sitting there waiting for the week's custom to start, and happy to have any diversion.
This changes the dynamics of the game, as all the member states are supposed to be keen on Greece staying in the euro. As ZeroHedge observes, the decision to withdraw had to be made by Greek's own politicians, with no detectable fingerprints from the real assassins.
Gregory: why is it bad that insurance
Place the burgers on the grill (the side with the indentation should be facing up) and cook for about 3 minutes, or until grill marks form on the bottom. Flip the burgers and cook for about 3 more minutes, or until they are cooked to your desired doneness. Serve on toasted hamburger buns with the chipotle cream, lettuce, tomato, or your favorite burger toppings.
and then he asked me to close my eyes.
CLERMONT, Fla. -- A student at a Seminole County high school was arrested for allegedly making a pipe bomb out of a pen and investigators also say he made threats against his school.
Habbit (Orlando)
Hair: Truth – Vanessa
That's why we wrote the VIC 20 PROGRAMMERS REFER- ENCE GUIDE...a book that gives you more information about your VIC 20 Personal Computer than any other source. This guide was compiled from the experience of Commodore's international Programming staffs in more than half a dozen countries, and is designed to be used by first-time computerists as well as
His solution was to “radically simplify its tax, health-care, retirement and financial systems, each of which is a complete mess.” Unmentioned is the fact that it has taken since 1913 when the income tax was introduced to reach this point.
All credit to Harvill Secker crime editor Alison Hennessey for picking up the series, but does this mean that we’ll need to wait a decade before we see Chinese Whispers out in English translation? The Europol/Op Cop series follows on from the Intercrime novels, and features some of the same investigators, such as Paul Hjelm. If we plod through all the Intercrime novels in order, year by year, we’re in for a very long wait…
Some of you might know this, but I think far more of you have no idea. When I was little, I had a small (huge) love for all things having to do with Elvis Presley. We don’t know how it started, what it stemmed from, but there was an undeniable love and respect from the age of about seven onward between myself and Elvis. One year for my birthday, I even received an Elvis beach towel and Barbie doll. I loved his music and his movies and I think I might have even had Elvis trading cards at one point.
1/2 Cup Unsweetened Coconut
The XOJET team has extensive experience arranging for private jet trips to Europe and the rest of the world. They know what airports have the tougher permits and the most traffic, and which have customs offices. They also know the airports that charge less for fuel and landing fees. For example, flying into London Luton can possibly save you thousands in fuel costs, permits, and landing fees over flying into a high-volume airport like Heathrow or one that requires special permits, like London City.
I felt strong the first 8 miles, then it got warm (70s and very sunny) and I had trouble breathing. And once I had to stop to use the inhaler at mile 10, my good run was ruined. I walked and ran that last 2 miles. Oh well, there are always bad runs but at least I got in the miles. We LOVED the trail we were running on. It went by a ton of HUGE houses and was well shaded and there were 500,000 runners out doing the same thing as us. We will be visiting that trail again for future long runs.
That is all there is to it. There is no hint of any repudiation of that elementary socialist principle which the Poles forget but to which Marx was always faithful—that no nation can be free if it oppresses other nations. If tile concrete situation which confronted Marx when Tsarism dominated international politics were to repeat itself, for instance, in the form of a few nations starting a socialist revolution (as a bourgeois-democratic revolution was started in Europe in 1848), and other nations serving as the chief bulwarks of bourgeois reaction—then me too would have to be in favour of a revolutionary war against the latter, in favour of “crushing” them, in favour of destroying all their outposts, no matter what small-nation movements arose in them. Consequently, instead of rejecting any examples of Marx’s tactics—this would mean professing Marxism while abandoning it in practice—we must analyse them concretely and draw invaluable lessons for the future. The several demands of democracy, including self-determination, are not an absolute, but only a small part of the general-democratic (now: general-socialist) world movement. In individual concrete casts, the part may contradict the whole; if so, it must be rejected. It is possible that the republican movement in one country may be merely an instrument of the clerical or financial-monarchist intrigues of other countries; if so, we must not support this particular, concrete movement, but it would be ridiculous to delete the demand for a republic from the programme of international Social-Democracy on these grounds.”
But, Severus, we couldn’t know.
2 cloves garlic
I'm saving parking money
But we also played a few games of Skip Bo. I got a nap in. Dad shopped for us a new kitchen cooktop. The Girl found a potential lessee for her apartment. And we all watched a fun movie and had take out pizza in the evening. My indoor photos never turn out well... but fancy photos do not a great family day make... and it was a lovely Easter.
But even within this lifelong pattern change can come in an instant like a strike of lightening. Years of living in the shadows can be ended in a moment of awakening.
Place all the ingredients (except the chocolate) into a mixing bowl, make sure the butter is softened first.
Anyway prior to the procedure, I sat with a number of other outpatients in the CT bit of the radiology department, all wearing the same flattering hospital gowns. It’s interesting. No, it is. It was something that I discovered last time I was in hospital. You remove people’s clothes and suddenly more than a garment has gone. Most people, note I said most, start talking to the person next to them. Whereas back in the public waiting room no one speaks. People stare at the walls, the floor, Andrew Lansley on the telly. They sneak covert glances at the bod across the room or play with their mobiles. You know the kind of stuff so I’ll stop waffling.
How did you get started in the wedding world?
With the brazier burning low, Chris is holding court. Recently returned from three months of adventures around Europe, he relates tales of being blown away by Les Savy Fav (and Tim Harrington in his yeti suit) at Primavera in Barcelona and pretending to be Jewish for a free meal (to be expected for a man of his extraordinary spendthriftiness).
For the past 10 years I have hidden away from learning to drive citing various well worn excuses. Excuses which range from lack of funds to "you don't need a car in London." Whilst these are true, it is not the reason I have never learnt to drive.
So, I must apologize for my tardiness in publishing this post. Saturday, with every intention of submitting the Witch Hat Pattern, I was struck with a fierce migraine that had me bedridden all day. Sunday I was working from sun up to sun down and completely forgot about the hat.
It’s easy to determine what the first two words have in common, but “justice” – what does that have to do with imagination and creativity?
The lights go out…
I saw lightning strike the other night. Driving home, about 20 yards away from my car. It hit a telephone pole. Its color was a bright white blue. It was not as loud as I expected it to be. It hit the pole, and sparks flew down to the asphalt below. And as soon as it happened I had already passed it. One moment I was thanking God I was not hit, and the next I was thanking God for having seen it.
I bring your hand back and tell you to hold your cheeks open for me. My lips move to your neck again, as my hips push forward slowly but firmly. I need to get my head inside, then I'll stop.
Is that true? Is not another important duty to interpret the models of beauty which it possesses? If the duty of the museum is to be active it must study how best to make its message intelligible to the community which it serves. It must boldly assume esthetic leadership. As in art, so in science, both pure and applied. Pure science was once guarded and fostered by learned societies and scientific associations. Now pure science finds support and encouragement also in industry. Many of the laboratories in which abstract research is being pursued are now connected with some large corporation, which is quite willing to devote hundreds of thousands of dollars to scientific study, for the sake of one golden invention or discovery which may emerge from it. Big business of course gains heavily when the invention emerges. But at that very moment it assumes the responsibility of placing the new invention at the service of the public. It assumes also the responsibility of interpreting its meaning to the public. The industrial interests can furnish to the schools, the colleges and the postgraduate university courses the exact truth concerning the scientific progress of our age. They not only can do so; they are under obligation to do so. Propaganda as an instrument of commercial competition has opened opportunities to the inventor and given great stimulus to the research scientist. In the last five or ten years, the successes of some of the larger corporations have been so outstanding that the whole field of science has received a tremendous impetus. The American Telephone and Telegraph Company, the Western Electric Company, the General Electric Company, the Westinghouse Electric Company and others have realized the importance of scientific research. They have also understood that their ideas must be made intelligible to the public to be fully successful. Television, broadcasting, loud speakers are utilized as propaganda aids. Propaganda assists in marketing new inventions. Propaganda, by repeatedly interpreting new scientific ideas and inventions to the public, has made the public more receptive. Propaganda is accustoming the public to change and progress.
Butter and flour your cake pan - line the base with baking paper. Pour in the cake batter and carefully smooth the surface. Bake in a preheated 170°C oven for about 20 to 30 minutes or until the cake is golden and cooked through. A good sign it's done is when you see it pulling away from the pan.
‘This is the picture of the structure of the ultimate reality,’ Maharishi concluded. ‘The self-referral intelligence in motion, within its own singularity, giving rise to the mechanics of creation and evolution—the Unified Field of pure intelligence spontaneously giving rise to the diversity of all the Laws of Nature within itself.
Sleek Sunset Palette
Lest we forget the sacrifices of those who served, those who serve.
1 small mango, diced
The Oatman Hotel is famous for many things from who used to lay their hats there to the claims of ghosts roaming around the building. The hotel was built in 1902 and is the oldest two-story adobe structure in town and all of Mohave County. Many miners, politicians, lawmen, outlaws, and movie stars stayed in the lavish rooms. After being married in Kingman on March 18, 1939, Clark Gable and Carol Lombard honeymooned at the Oatman Hotel. The remoteness of the place was one of the reasons Gable kept coming back to the hotel. He also enjoyed playing poker with the miners. Today, visitors and staff have heard laughing and whispering coming from the unoccupied room the two stayed in. One claim is when a photographer took a picture of the empty room, an apparition of a man appeared in one of the photos. Other ghost seen in the hotel is that of an Irish miner named William Ray Flour. The story is told that his entire family died on the way to American and he was so upset that he began drinking heavily. He ended up drinking himself to death, died behind the hotel, and his body was found two days later. The staff just buried him in a shallow grave right where he died. His ghost has been seen in his old room and the hotel staff has named him “Oatie”. Oatie likes to play pranks such as opening windows and pulling off sheets in his old room. People have reported hearing a bagpipe sound coming from his former room as well as feeling a cold spot with it is very hot outside.
The candlelight danced with the subtle breeze,
YELLOW POPCORN FLAVORED JELLY BELLIES (my fav)
Yes, that’s a gold record shown in the photo above in front of Lester’s face, a gold disc from the Columbia record label. Columbia was and is no mom-and-pop shop. They’re among the “big boys.” And Lester Chambers was asking people on Facebook Sunday morning to help the photo to go “viral” on Facebook. Lester may be nearly 72 years young, but he knows what “viral” means in today’s social media and YouTube lingo.
5-What is the trait you most deplore in others?
Entry Fee: Each work submitted must be accompanied by a $10 non-refundable entry fee. Number of entries is unlimited. Entry fee must be paid by U.S. check or U.S. or International money order made payable to MANIFEST, or by credit card via PayPal. (If paying by PayPal PLEASE use the paypal link provided on the page that follows the submission of the online entry form.) Detail images may be included at no additional cost, but should only be included if necessary for understanding the nature or quality of the artwork. For more than one entry fee paid by PayPal PLEASE remember to update quantity when doing so on the PayPal site.
U.S. intelligence had been tracking Awlaki for quite some time, and a local tribal leader said Awlaqi had been moving in the provinces Marib and Jawf for the past three weeks because he was worried about being targeted in Yemen’s southern Shabwa province, the main area where his tribe lives.
The subdivision homeowners’ association is going to absolutely freak. And they’ll think it’s my fault because it’s near my driveway. My annual dues are going through the roof after this.
I'm sure there will be plenty more pictures to compare.
This robot can pick up a human being and move it.
This is for petite gals like me or gals who like to cover up a little and not be so exposed on top. I really like the splash color, I would pair it with this bracelet, these earrings and these shoes.
Judging by my recently returned sex drive I must be nearing ovulation since my body well knows that this is the most fertile phase. It feels good to be back in my body.
Bush first called on the Trio's services for her
Products used from CropStop:
Open to all photographic mediums.
I was here. I will always be here.
My.Life.
Aimee Mann went on to record as a solo artist and became a sought-after soundtrack contributor in the film industry. Her original song “Save Me” from the movie “Magnolia” was nominated for both Grammy Awards and an Academy Award.
Flotsam on a tear-fed stream
1900
The water industry must be Nationalised - that is, control must be taken from the international parasites who use our utilities for profit, and put into the hands of indigenous folk who are constrained by law to provide a constant clean water supply at a reasonable price, maybe even free. Should they also provide services which are solely to generate income, then so be it - so long as the essential services are provided on a not-for-profit basis.
This variety of insistence on only “one right way” of doing things, and that one practice or one tradition or one pantheon should be sufficient and whole unto itself to minister to any individual’s every spiritual need, to the exclusion of (and even demeaning of) all else outside of that tradition, is something that has an entirely creedal monotheistic origin, and has no real place within a polytheist framework, where pluralism is the rule and the repeatedly demonstrable preference at every point. The notion that polytheist religions are religions of “orthopraxy” rather than “orthodoxy” is often as ill-conceived as the notion that “orthodoxy” and questions of belief really matter within polytheism at all. The on-the-ground realities in most places in the premodern polytheistic worlds were polypraxy; no matter what deities or practices may have been shared outside of local contexts, everyone had their own way of doing things, and each community developed their own calendar, their own demeanor, and any number of other diversifying and differentiating characteristics. And, this was all good and no one seemed to get too upset about it! So, the notion that one orthopraxy must be enforced, or is a viable ideal, within polytheism–even of a reconstructionist variety–is one that I don’t personally think is very useful.
Monday-Thursday a.m.: work; stay in nearby very cheap hopefully safe hotel; try to get some sleep in cheap/safe hotel; don't miss JP and kids too much; try to learn as much as possible as fast as possible; make new friends
Crusdaer Powel himself is an interesting persone. He is an older human, and has lived much of his life in the northern reaches of the Eastern Kingdoms. This means he has a horribly hard accent to parse through when I am listening to him speak Common! Most of our teachers for Common spoke the common accent that many in Stormwind have, so this Northern accent is certainly causing me to think harder! I can only ask him to repeat a phrase so many times! Luckily, I think he has caught on to my difficulties and has started to speak a little slower and clearer in my presence. It helps, but I cannot help feeling a little foolish being spoken to like a child! I have thrown myself into studies of Common even further to prevent this from happening much more.
There were a few people selling drinks and snacks so we were able to get some cold cokes which was nice. We were lucky in that our border stop only took about an hour on the way there. We were prepared for about two based on our friends experiences a couple weeks before.
A report from IDC Japan declared that the iPhone is the top-selling handset of any kind in Japan. The launch of iPhone 4S soared the Cupertino-based company into a 26.6-percent market share of all cellphone shipments in Japan last fall. Yes, the iPhone has even outsold clamshell feature phones that have been a staple in Japan despite the early rise of the iPhone and Android.
Tim Holtz ditress stains provided the colour
BBC home affairs correspondent Tom Symonds said he understood additional staff were brought in from Manchester on Monday, although the travelling involved meant they were only on duty for four hours.
I made this card for the Color Challenge, and did some sponging and paper piecing. I hope you like it.
Honestly, this is crazy rich… I was seriously stuffed less than half-way through my serving using about ¾ box of fries. Still, it is an inspired way to use foie gras in a dish with a delicious sense of humor.
Here’s an example of what Jones wrote to several complaining authors:
Spads do operate within certain limits; for instance they can’t get involved in campaigning during elections, but they’re bound by no requirements of impartiality. There’s nothing wrong with that per se, but it means that, effectively, the taxpayer foots the bill so that ministers can receive highly political advice.
We have lots of fun, surprises and inspiration lined up for everyone to share! Each day this week, we will be spotlighting a different Special Guest Designer to share a little bit of her creativity and inspiration with us all!
Minnebar = Minnesota + Tech + Design + Drinks
MYLUNE: Ohhhhhhhh aren’t you just the cutest thing?! You’re a good wittle wyvern, aren’t you? Yes you are! Yes you are! Ohhhhhhhh you’re so precious!
And then I got to thinking about "Little House On The Prairie." Not the show but the books. I read them all when I was a kid, and recently we read the first one with our kids. I realize that it is probably a kind of idealized version of life looking back, but it seemed to me that their lives were very different than ours.
I listened this this on audiobook, read by Kate Simses and must start by saying this was an excellent audio-read. Simses actually sounded like a 17 year old girl and her voice really matched Cassia’s changing attitudes. In the beginning of the story, she sounds innocent, breathy, and dreamy– like a teenager who has yet to be disillusioned by the world around her and awaits falling in love and starting a career. By the end, though, there is more of a sharpness or desperation to her voice, matching Cassia’s increasingly frustrating situation.
Taking place within her body!
Sensing that you are getting closer to the water, you raise your head.
really are?)
I’d rather be hated for what I bleed
I'll start with the details I haven't blogged before. Despite being on antibiotics, Marty developed pneumonia. (His lungs are susceptible.) The night before Judy called us, he coughed all night long and neither of them got any sleep. The next day, they increased his dosage of prednisone, so he's coughing less for now. The drug is an immunosuppressant, though, so it won't help in the long run.
His efforts saved her house from the Feb. 15 auction just in time.
TIAs are treated by drugs that control high blood pressure and reduce the likelihood of blood clots and surgery. Aspirin is commonly used and anticoagulants are sometimes used to prevent blood clots.
Soccer ball from Rayher
I closed my eyes again in case it would be a dream
as Karen said - thankfully she was so brave to get back in a car after all this - to allow me to drive her to the hospital!!! - my Cait is just a wonder - the politest child, sweetest thing ever! - i'm talking through the entire ordeal "yes please"; "no thank you"; "can i please just not talk right now" - all this from a child who just went through pure hell! - she's an angel sent straight from God !!
Timelines would need to be established. If a degree can be completed in three years then it is reasonable to expect a student to complete it in three years. No more lifetime students. If you are on a three-year degree and you do not complete it in three years then the government has the right to fine you or toss you out of the program. Then again, if you voluntarily do not complete your degree the government has the right to recoup the costs from the student’s pocket, mostly likely by placing a lien on future earnings.
Sometimes the USA (and I expect, Canada as well) is like a being who insists that reality is what they SAY it is, rather than what it actually is. When someone in our households or on the street insists on their reality instead of the one the rest of the world can see, hear, smell, taste and touch - we say they're sick and try to find them help (or some just avoid them, fearful they're dangerous). But Northern America? It's the Emperor With No Clothes, constantly believing it somehow has the power to warp reality to be what it sees in it's inner eye. Water isn't wet. Snow isn't cold. Nigger isn't a painful word of its past and present. Injun was never spoken. Faggot is not a word associated with blood and death.
i've always thought theres only a kind of ichigo daifuku (strawberry mochi) out there, that is the one wrapped with anko. lately i've been seeing a few variations, some wrapped with matcha, some sweet potato. even this shiro-an (white bean paste) version is becoming quite a common sight, or maybe it was all along common but i didn't realize it. with a huge batch of shiro-an stashed away in the freezer and some leftover strawberries, this is a perfect dessert to make. since the mochi uses microwave method, it only takes about a minute and a half to do so its very quick.
Last week, my right ring finger started to get really dry and itchy. Then a couple days ago, the dry and itchiness started to spread to my middle right finger.
Blog: Cooking Lager
Oh those tricky mysterious lads in the alphabet soup hats, their freemason numbers and nifty coded messages…
"Leaf's rights are established and protected by the free speech guarantees of the United States Constitution and Texas Constitution, as well as common law and an express license from the party who produces the U.S. Army All-American Bowl," the release stated.
Creating a Pattern and Using the Pattern Overlay Effect
The day of February 13, 2012 will be remembered in the history of Pakistan on which an elected prime minister appeared for the second time before the apex court. Prime Minister Syed Yousaf Raza Gilani is also the first prime minister of the country who has been indicted by the Supreme Court (SC).
When you do custom drapes, use a width-and-a-half of fabric for one panel. Store bought drapes are usually just one width, and if it looks too skimpy get four panels per window.
Today i am meeting Crystal for some fabric shopping (in my case hopefully just looking, cause fabric is so damn heavy to take home) and later we're gonna meet Lindsay for Japanese book shopping in Shinjuku.
Sign a contract with a company that will cytogenetically freeze your body at your death, preserving it until they can resuscitate you in the future.
“The ideology behind the ordinance is that the folks responsible for large parties were having no consequences for hosting them.” John Pederson, a St. Cloud City Council member, said. “The thing that I don’t like about it is that conceivably the people who have separate leases could get a fine for having that party. They could be up in their room, not participating at all, and still get a ticket, which is completely out of line in my view.”
I'll be very honest...I was worried but I put it off...in my mind I was half nervous and half sure that it would go away. I avoided the doctor because I don't want to be THAT patient. You know the one who has a slight cough and all of the sudden they are dying of something. Aside from the headaches I feel fine and I am sure that the headaches are just related to all of the changes we have been going through and the lump is probably a swollen lymph node which is my body's way of telling me that I am about to get a cold or something. Diagnosis complete.
Exposure to ionizing radiation in prenatal life is a kwown risk factor for foetal death and congenital defects.
When even an intercession by the U.S. President fails, a disgusted Prime Minister decides there's only one way out of this political debacle that won't besmirch Elizabeth. He makes plans to assassinate the horse, one of the last purebred Cleveland Bays in Britain. Not only does Gerald's own future and a queen's reputation hang on Gerald's next move, the fate of a dying breed now rests on one man's honor.
Hello everyone! I see that MFA application season is heating up once again. I have put together a few "if only I knew then what I know now" thoughts about fiction writing samples on my personal blog HERE.
Sometimes making lots of different recipes all the time has its drawbacks. For one thing, when my kids were super-little (not that 3 and 5 are ripe old ages, but you get my meaning), my mother remarked once or twice that they might tend to forget in between servings that they actually liked a certain food — that what was “old” would always seem “new” simply because I let recipes languish so long unrepeated. For another, I forget sometimes about recipes we have really enjoyed. Frankly, J. and I, and even the boys to a certain extent, are supremely unfussy eaters. We tend to like almost everything, and the kids will at least EAT most of what is served to them with very little trouble right now. (THANK. GOD.) So for me, if there’s kale in the house, I’m making it every which way; if it’s chicken, it won’t show up the same way twice in 30 or 60 or even 90 days; and even the good old standbys like spaghetti get tweaked and twisted a bit from time to time.
Noticeably absent from the President's schedule was any attention or time dedicated to performing the job he was elected to do as President. He did meet with his senior advisers once, had 2 daily briefings, met with Geithner twice, and Panetta once. Other than that, Mr. Obama had no involvement in the leadership of this great country, which is rather sad.
For this meal we used filleted Petrale Sole from Trag’s Market in Downtown San Mateo – but feel free to select any white fish of your choice for this recipe! Also feel free to play up (or down) the amount of heat in the salad by playing with the amount of jalapeno pepper added. I was brave enough to use a whole jalapeno pepper for this recipe…but it sure was spicy! I would suggest starting with 1/4 of a pepper to start and add more slowly until your taste buds are satisfied.
4-6. Repeat on the other side. You can leave the back of your hair down or pull it up. 7. Take a remaining section of hair on one side, and starting at the end again wrap around one finger and begin rolling in toward the scalp. You want to roll this section tighter because there is more hair.
Being a Clumsy Boy
In a city where stars are rarely born. A starving artist knocks and waits patiently at destiny’s door. Arguably one of the most known independent artists in the world, but without the gimmicks and the million dollar contracts, the road to success has undoubtably been one, most would not believe. but who is ju rock anyway? Is he a duplication of t.i? lil wayne? or some other hip hop star that he wants to be like. Ju Rock’s style can be compared to many of the big names of today. But what makes this self proclaimed “underdawg of the underground” different from the rest has yet to be seen, Unless you are of course one of the thousands that has been a witness to his impeccable flow, flawless delivery, and industry level hooks. Ju Rock is a visionary, his ear for music & his charismatic mic presence has made him the voice of a new generation. One look at Ju Rock’s track record will convince even the toughest critic that the indie bred artist is indeed the next big thing in hip hop. Although Ju rock’s roots start out in buffalo, ny, his name was made in the streets of toledo, oh (also known as the glass city). With the birth of myspace & other popular social networks came a new outlet, which resulted in an impressive number of page views, and downloads not to mention a fanbase that ju rock does not take for granted. Many of today’s artists thank the fans, but Ju Rock not only thanks them, he hears them. He has taken fan appreciation to the next level by being one of easiest artists to get in touch with. You can call and leave him a msg through his SayNow number (567-202-1657), follow him on his twitter account (twitter.com/jurock) which he checks and updates at least 10 times a day or watch him live in the studio on his ustream page. “i believe in putting the real me out here and letting everybody feel me for me not for who they think i am”. The internet phenomenon that is Ju Rock, all started in the streets and thats where he says he plans to keep it. His current project “The Storm mixatape” (hosted by: dj logikal and the ohio street djs) is generating a buzz that might very well be that buzz that puts juliano in the spot he has be fighting for, for the last decade.
Again these are still from the step by step book by artist Jaqueline Penney, but for my next painting and I am stepping out on my own!
On our way out, we passed the big animal enclosures. Starting with the baboons. It was feeding time, so they were quite busy. The next enclosure had desert wolves, who can look over the pit separating the enclosures and see the baboons. They were pacing up and down undoubtedly thinking “those baboons look tasty.” Next door to the wolves were striped hyenas also pacing up and down looking at the wolves thinking “those wolves look tasty.” Next to them were the cheetahs. If the cheetahs don’t fancy a hyena meal, they can also see an enclosure of gazelles. I’ve never been so close to a cheetah, separated only by glass. And, last, but not least, came the leopard. He, being the king of all, was just chillin’ out.
But it was clear the Lord was not giving those to me.
I loved the fact that the video highlights one of the aspects I love best about Delhi- its informality. In fact, the piece highlights what I have always believed, that its informal economy is the soul of this city. One has to only look around to see how innovative citizens are about how they earn their livelihood. I blogged about Sarojini Nagar market and Sikanderpur, an urban village as great examples of thriving markets. Messy kitschy is what Delhi loves, while more organized, formal retail often gets miserably low footfalls. Small businesses, street markets, street-side food and public spaces full of noise and life are desirable to Delhi-ites. Clearly, it is upto designers, planners and policy makers to intervene to public spaces conducive to nurture small businesses.
Videos that I have watched and recommend include:
Amanda Chariss Derdriu is a strong chick. And I dig that. She’s not the sarcastic, scantily-clad, promiscuous heroine you see in a lot of fantasy and spec fiction novels these days, but she is intrigued by humor, romance, and scandals she can solve. She knows her own mind and isn’t afraid to speak it. (Within reason.) See, she’s a good girl, except for a propensity to stick knives and swords in people. (I think she gets that from me. Now, I’ve never actually stuck a knife in anyone, but I sure feel better having a sword under the bed and a medieval dagger on the dresser.)
The key to successful blooming partnerships is timing – Early bloomers should be teamed up, as should mid-season and late-blooming cultivars. Dynamic contrasting combinations are made easy with help from a color wheel, available at art supply stores.
My initial thought (after cringing while watching him clear that spiky gate-thing) on viewing the video was that he would have been a fantastic Frisbee dog...
- Need a piss, um the toilet, says E@L, sorta, you know, urgent.
'The Thief who Spat in Luck's Good Eye' is #7 in the free fantasy category in the US right now. When you add free and paid together? It's #20.
2. Creations Obscured
I have created a plan to cook all 5 dinners for the week in just ONE hour. All the menu plans have family friendly meals that feed 4-6 people and no, they are not all casseroles. :)
Today however cannabis is so much a part of European life no one takes much notice of how it stands legally anymore.
Still, by rejecting the permit for the full pipeline—which would run from Canada to the Gulf Coast—and then going full-force in supporting the southern section of the pipeline, Obama is sending out inconsistent messages to the public, Insiders said.
We decimate tropical rain forests, she sends less rain. We rape the desert for subterranean oil, she sends dust storms and African drought. We create huge whirlpools of plastic waste in the North Pacific Gyre trapping and killing earth’s most evolved sea mammals: it seems fitting that she should turn around and send us an oceanic anomaly to make us scratch our scientific heads in vain.
Bacon Cheeseburger Soup
Tuesday. Eager.
And let's no even start on the spontaneous and surreptitious untying at inopportune moments and the whole tripping people over business. All that is well beyond obvious as being part of your whole evil plan.
My lovely wife also taught the family a game she learned at camp entitled Spud (and honestly, does Wikipedia have an entry for everything?). Every player is given a number. One player throws a ball high in the air and calls a number. While all the other players scatter, the person whose number was called must catch the ball and then yell “Stop”. When all the other players stop, the person with the ball takes four steps towards another player and throws the ball at that targetted player. If the player is hit, the hit player earn a letter (“S”, “P”, “U”, or “D”). If the thrower misses, the thrower earns a letter. When a person collects “SPUD”, they are out of the game. We usually can play only two or three rounds of this game before it degenerates into a helter-skelter of ball-throwing.
As I walked this heavy-as-heck pot home, I realized my One Suitcase nomadic days are over.
Nancy, pictured here with her husband and son, is half of the i wanted to wonder concoction. Her mom Pat makes adorable custom clothing for kids. Nancy creates Artwork and Hair Bow Holders for Children. Her passion is painting and caring for her family in Las Vegas, NV.
Cool
First of all, apologies for my lack of blogging.
She began the day around 9am being told by her doctor, "The hospital is for sick people, and you are not sick! So get ready to go home!"- She was elated!! After being told she would be discharged that day, she then found out that it would possibly be Wednesday before she could come home to Temple.
So I haven’t been online much since I’ve started to finish my commissions, which I have to finish by this Friday. I’m nearly done, and obviously not my best work because I was rushing so damned much. Anyway, I seem really unfocused and exhausted from not really doing anything strenuous lately… ugh. I hate this feeling.
More dissonant voices…disappointed youth activists are a predicted second wave of revolution. A respected Egyptian scholar and political analyst makes contradictory and questionable statements. He appears to say that civil liberties and human rights are a small compromise in exchange for stability and governance. He ends up blaming Mubarak for little more than his inability to provide for that stability. Never mind Western expectations versus those of Egyptians. Within Egypt alone, expectations couldn’t be more disparate.
So, the plot has started to build up a little steam by this point. Although it’s not explicitly stated, there are a number of clues that what Fudge is really concerned about is keeping an eye on Harry, quite likely in terms of his safety against any possible attack by Sirius Black – that’s why he wants Harry among wizards at all times, in London or up North, (Hogwarts is up in the North, right?) When Harry tries to get Fudge to sign his permission slip in place of his family, Fudge just replies that it’s better that Harry doesn’t go to the village this year.
Smith agreed telling the deputies that she had not smoked meth in “three or four days,” deputies wrote in an incident report.
Maybe something like this one..........ahhhhh isn't she beautiful?
Party starts Fri night and ends Sunday 11pm pacific, so you have all weekend to join!
I am more than ready to be done with this semester and start the next phase of life. My classes aren’t going well and I am ready to put them behind me and start fresh. Homework is burning me out and I am ready to go to France and focus on ministry. I am ready to be an intern this summer and spend a lot of time planning and creating fun things. I am focused on what lies ahead and leaving behind this crummy attitude and lack of motivation.
The Fantasy Faire opens its’ door to the public today, April 21. Eight sims filled with magical architecture, fantasy designs, and remarkable stores, it is a faire that you simply cannot missed. Then, for the next nine days all of us have the chance to make a difference, supporting the event by purchasing some of the exclusive items donated by designers at the faire where all proceeds collected for these items will go to the American Cancer Society Relay for Life, helping the cancer patients.
I'm doing the exercises.
Thank you to my blogger friends who are thinking of me and asking how I'm doing now....thank you for remembering me from the bottom of my heart.
President Aquino and Korean host and model Grace Lee were among the high-profile couples who watched the concert of Brazilian jazz legend Sergio Mendes at the Smart-Araneta Coliseum in Cubao, Quezon City Tuesday night.
or just eat it "as is".
Paran set the tray he was carrying down on a nearby table. Pointing his staff at the bowl he chanted under his breath. The images in the bowl cleared away.
After announcing service reductions and route eliminations earlier this year, DDOT Chief Freeland stated that he intended to focus on improving service and timeliness on the remaining routes. DDOT may claim that by reconfiguring the schedule, connections and transfers will occur quicker for many passengers. If DDOT has run models on the data before and after the reconfiguration and the new schedule appears to be more efficient, then positive public feedback after the changes should result.
In fact, the media made a meal out of the granny porn fiasco, and Kitchen was forced to resign in the resultant storm.
C.S. Lewis and others have said that Jesus must be taken seriously. We can’t write him off as a good moral teacher or a great Jewish rabbi. He claimed that he was God. The famous saying goes that he would then be either a liar (and a blasphemous, despicable one at that), a lunatic/fool, or the very Lord and Messiah that he claimed to be.
Today is the day. Today is another day in which I spend a minimum of 15 uninterrupted minutes cleaning ONE area. Dishes, probably. Sadly, Laundry and Dishes are my go-to chores. The first things I do, until I get tired and give up. I also have a goal of emptying one box. Open it, decide where things go and put them there, fold box flat and take it to my friend who is packing her home to move. Trash things... Donate things... Clean things... Find purpose or love in every THING I keep.
Mountain Sun Pub & Brewery Swan Song IPA
counting
It is my understanding that the “white” beast is still caged.
Listen to the grumbling of their empty stomachs.
Speculative Japan sometimes reads like a sci-fi literary fanzine in which the editors and regular contributors are just as concerned about themselves and their relationships with each other as they are with the fiction itself, and the essays in Speculative Japan demonstrate a certain geeky fixation on metatextual marginalia. If you happen to be outside of the small circle of authors, translators, and editors who all know each other and worked together on this collection, you might find these essays confusing and off-putting. If you’re already used to the style of the front (and back) material included in SF-themed literary magazines and fanzines, though, you’ll more than likely be able to see past (or even appreciate) the many pages of essays included in Speculative Japan.
A fairly good result this week.
Six months later I accepted the offer for what's turning out to be my dream job. I'm neither a food writer nor a restaurateur (those are fantasy jobs, not dream jobs). I get to use both my God-given talents and my post-university education to make the world a better place -- at least for some people working in human resources in the healthcare industry. It's been a huge shift from high tech, and I've let go of some fun techie toys in the process. But what I do today has a real impact on real people, not just margins and stock prices. And I sleep much better knowing that.
32 Janne Haavisto & The Farangs - Dig My Shoes
as mothers we can so often put ourselves last, and get to the end of the day, barely surviving, exhausted, drained.
I love you, little Valentine.
He doesn’t endlessly nag and scold,
It is also unsurprising that the PM gave his best friend a plum job and a peerage. So why the big fuss? Everyone knew the Tories were dabbling in dodgy ethics. Sleaze is what brought them down the last time. And now opinion is swinging back to Labour.
I SAY: Oh you know - clean, laundry, run errands, take care of the kid.
(key word; HOW!)
Amnesia
Okay, maybe that was a bit melodramatic, but I’m sorry, I’m feeling a bit melodramatic at the moment.
Our starters included Petits Farçis aux Herbes, Ricotta et Épeautre servis en vinaigrette tiède (little vegetables stuffed with herbs, ricotta cheese and spelt, served with a warm vinaigrette). This is one of the tastiest and prettiest plates of food I have had in a long time.
This month I'm giving away 2 sets of her photos -- worth 45$ each (photo collection 5x5 in black, and in blue), so you won't want to miss this one!! To enter, comment below on your favorite Parisian photo or Retweet this blog & be sure to put me in there so I see it @ShaNeSaisQuoi. I'll randomly select 2 winners in just 2 weeks, April 15th.
Improper payments to dead retirees increased 70 percent in the past five years, far higher than the 19 percent climb in overall annuity payments, the report said.
-You crawl under the crib at 2 am searching for a rouge binkie like your life depends on it
If people are actually dead, not dreaming their way between the stars, then everyone is going have some identity issues and some displacements, dissociations, and damage due to the imperfect technological processes. Even more possibilities than before.
JB: It’s quite funny, but I think I prefer writing for another’s series! I really enjoyed working on the ‘Picnic at Asgard’ script (not saying I don’t enjoy writing my own!) and I think having Captin Franko there to look over what I’d written and point me in the right direction really enhanced the script. It’s very different to writing for your own series because for me now there’s so many variables to take into account and the story-telling is pretty limitless, whereas writing for someone else you’re slightly more restricted and refined.
1971’s Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory as an Old Testament parable—discuss:
light from the firefly he keeps in a jar.
Anche il banner nell'angolo in alto è tagliato con una die Whiff of Joy usando i piccoli ritagli di carta.
The missionary thing wasn't out of my system, though. A few years later, I became very interested in Wycliffe Bible Translators. In fact I completed some of the application process to become a translator and although in the end it wasn't God's plan for me I still take an interest in their work. Today I came across this fascinating gem in their prayer diary:
For five years, they were the only brewery in Duddingston, but in the 1890's, three other companies joined them: Drybrough, Pattison and John Somerville. Drybrough was a well-established brewer, which had been brewing at various places since 1750. The other two were new entries to the trade. Both had started as wine mechants and whisky blenders in Leith. They spotted the potential profits of brewing, which, both already having interests in public houses, they were in a good position to exploit. John Somerville, sensibly, teamed up with an existing brewer, Blyth & Cameron of Edinburgh.
This 2½ hour weekly course lasts for 8 weeks and costs £50
I made the Steelers logo using some directions that I found last Christmas on this blog. I used Accent Essentials (that I used rewards points for in order to make this logo!), Varsity Letter and, one of my new purchases, All Sports (love, love, love!).
All the comparisons with Mogwai, EITS etc. – do they bug you or please you?
Here's the Cliff Notes version as I understand it:
seasoning to taste ( I used a Chicago Steak seasoning)
and all that is required is money and positions, I believe that Tan Sri Abdullah Ahmad is admitting that the organizational culture of UMNO has always been money orientated and in his own peculiar way is confirming that the soothsayer’s warning of the Ides of March should be taken seriously – that there will be a coup in UMNO, post the 13th General Election.
Speaking of bottles in Mexico, you have to be very careful even then. Mexican tequila comes in a bottle, and their tequila has little worms in the bottom. The worms are dead, and that should tell you something right there. They probably died of Montezuma’s Revenge.
When Luke has his first nightmare, he's haunted by a dark figure from his dreams. A strange entity is reaching out to the world, with terrible consequences for the whole human race. Luke faces life-changing events, and Bannerman Road will never be the same again.
Well FS-Kansas City did a shake up this offseason as we know, Ryan Lefebvre and Rex Hudler I give a B – to during the first month but Hud stop talking down to us. Steve Physioc and Hudler, don’t mind these two but Phiz stop reading out of the media guide plus telling us you talk with guys daily. I hope you do because it’s your job! On to the radio side, Denny Matthews I won’t complain about because he’s been here since day one, no matter if some fans don’t like his no frills approach these days. Bob Davis is better on the radio but getting Davis’d has still happened, those uninformed it’s when he makes a big deal out of something that doesn’t happen. Steve Stewart doesn’t make sense to me from the standpoint of I’d like him to do more than sidelines interviews/scoreboard updates. Phiz to me sounds better on radio than he has on TV those far says I.
of what is found there.
I had a lovely day today, went for a little trip to Holywood for lunch and a walk around the forest that I spent most of my time in around the ages of 10/11. It was really nice to go up there, I was always in Holywood when I was younger since thats where my school was and most of my friends lived up there, and I practically lived at their houses at weekends and holidays.^-^
What an adventure you girls make my life!
At that point, I didn't care. I had a very healthy baby whose only side effect was a big mushy bruised spot on her head, and believe me, I had plenty of cute hats for her. As for me, I was fine too. My doctor did tell me that I probably wouldn't be able to have any more babies, but I told her "we'll see about that".
Then again, I'm guessing straight window glass can't really be recycled here either - 'eco islands' (local recycling containers) only accept glass bottles, and rumors have it some of those may have not been recycled either, at least some years ago. And last year may have been so-so too, as the building industry was in crisis and didn't need glass wool (which is made from recycled bottles) for insulation.
Favorite Eric and Sookie Book Moment
The responses to the book that I've received thus far are immensely gratifying. The director of the CYE program wants to order a good number of books to give to donors. Last night I showed the buyer at the Detroit Symphony Orchestra store a copy of the book and he expressed interest in selling it there. But, most importantly, the young musicians and parents who have seen the book, love it. It was so they could see the photos I'd been taking that I created the book in the first place, so their response means the most to me.
"Cheery Ones"
Warsi went on to say:-
The US section offers Classics Illustrated #43-74, mainly first editions, and the first tranche of our DC Comics one-owner collection spanning one hundred lots including Superman from 1948-1955, Action, Adventure and Superboy from 1959-1970s, Showcase #9 and #10 and Lois Lane #1-6.
Let it sit in the oven for about 45 minutes to 1 hour (depending on size of potato). Check it periodically by sticking a knife in the potato; if it goes all the way to the center with ease, then your sweet potato is done!
“he heavies come in. They tell you about their service, and they tell you how it is going to work and how much it is going to cost. We are a small operation, and we employ our own doormen. We used to pay R250 per month to Pro Security – just to keep them off our back. But now the same service would cost R500 per week. On top of that they were insisting on inserting two or three of their people inside the club for security.”
She had slipped down from her room into the kitchen at night when her mother and father had already gone to bed. The galletas her mother had baked earlier that day were too much a temptation for Maria to withstand. She made her way into the kitchen and fished out a cookie from the jar on the kitchen counter, taking care to make as little noise as possible. With cookie in hand, Maria padded silently into the living room to sit and eat her sweet stolen treasure. As she began to eat, she glanced out of the large windows that faced out to see. The sight was amazing. Never had she seen a night so clear. Every trace of cloud was gone as if the sky itself had forgotten what they were. The stars and moon glittered against the darkness like diamonds in a vast pool of ink. The moon was full and sat proudly in the sky with all the stars, the crown jewel of the night.
18. Sequence 18 (02:47)
Cloudy, high of 46 degrees, low of 39 degrees, 20% chance of rain
Thomas and I first got to meet in Griftegård when we “found” him as a singer. We soon got to know each other and realized we had a huge love for old, and sometimes obscure, ’70s bands (and 60′s) and a progressive vein in us that perhaps was not quite for Griftegård. Thomas was as well playing in different bands back then but already had in his mind to start-up a band such as YOTG. After slowly gravitating to each other playing some covers by say Lizzy, Scorpions etc. some riffs came up on their own and Fredrik was introduced as well to the band, well to be honest he was there from the very beginning as well. It’s difficult to pinpoint a specific point where the band was created as it sort of happened naturally and for our first rehearsals there were a number of guitarists and bass players that passed through our ranks who didn’t stay with the band for various reasons. From day one as a band there were plenty of riffs and ideas and a lot of songs came bursting out. The reason it took so long to actually release something is because we really didn’t find a stable line-up until some time had passed. After several bass players Thomas suggested a friend of his from Stockholm as a member and I was pretty surprised to find out it was Tobias, also a friend of mine from the time when I was also living in Stockholm. The world’s a small place as they say! Jonas actually didn’t join the band until we were more or less done in the studio recording the “Lucem Ferre” EP, and therefore naturally didn’t record much on the EP. For the upcoming album though it will be pretty evenly divided I guess. So to put it short we came to be due to our love of the same music, and Thomas will to wanting to put together an occult 70s progressive rock band and just knowing each other.
- Gerik OCPD Superintendent Mahad Nor Abdullah, citing one of the reasons why the motorcyclist was presumed to be at fault when he was knocked down and killed by the 4WD driven by the former Perak Mentri Besar, Tajol Rosli Ghazali.
Distinctly formulated with softening Cotton Extract to help skin replenish it's outer layer and minimize the effects of potential irritants such as harsh soaps or cleansers.
- Unrelatedly (and unconsciously) wrote an impulsive quick song about something or other that had been on my mind that week. Had a luke-warm feeling of finishing something, but did not feel impressed by it and did not play with it further to refine it or make something better.
I say: “Yeah, and so does your balls, right? – So can I kick it?”
Example: Announcer: “And the punt is blocked! Someone got a hand on it, I think it was… let me check my notes here… it was #85!” You: “It’s an inanimate carbon rod!”
If you are like me, you have no use for a negative review (who cares about the oceans of mediocre media out there, just tell me about the good stuff!), so I'll only be passing along my thumbs up for books that I've enjoyed or that are important to my mission here of understanding the History of the American magazine.
Check Hot Spots - This is a Flylady term that is defined as anywhere you develop a pile of clutter. For our house it seems to be the desk in the kitchen or the kitchen counters. I have learned to attack it quickly before it gets out of control.
The applicants argued that the decision to toll was unreasonable, and that adequate enforcement of the system was "practically impossible".
We'll be back in April for the Worldwide Vegan Bake Sale!
You see I get that the writing, revising, researching the industry, more writing, revising, querying, rejection and starting it all over is all apart of my education. One that, as long as I do not give up out of FRUSTRATION, will lead me to finally obtaining my goal. The difference between writers like Mr. Blind and writers like me is that I know why my previous works were not publishable (this is a good thing:-). And it has little to do with the quality of writing. Knowing why your manuscript(s) gets rejected or ignored is just as important as continuing to write. Otherwise you run the risk of never getting published.
When you’re in for a long day of training, or a weekend of heavy competition, it’s important to keep your body fuelled. Here’s a sample meal plan that will give you an idea of what types of foods you should be eating to power through your day.
Older traditional voters seem to have made up their minds to vote either ND or Pasok early on, largely ignoring the growing number of fringe Parties. But in the last eight days, there is polling evidence (it cannot be published in Greece as it is after the two-week pre-Election deadline) that not only are young voters firming up their intentions, a sizeable minority are ignoring the more pro-EU mainstream Parties.
So this has rocked me to the core. I visited her yesterday, and she was so sad and miserable. With tubes in her arms, in her nose. Her vision isn't great, so she can't read. Her days aren't broken up with meals. She is just sitting in a hospital bed with tubes in her.
Well now mom's don't have to lay still and try and position headphones on their tummy's. Nor do that have to worry about playing the music too loud. There is a great product available called Sound Beginnings.
The backside doesn't really need the paint either so I did the same kind of thing. I used two coats of black acrylic paint.
I can’t wait to show you my new creation with the spider,web and owl I made,it is stinkin’ cute,I will post a pic when the master piece is finished.It would look good hanging on a patio,baby’s nursery,child’s room or just anywhere in your home to make you smile.
More information can be found here:
He dressed himself into a darker suit than he would have normally picked for this time of year and set off for work.
I can not believe that I am on week 8. WEEK EIGHT!! Thanks for hanging in there with me.
I stamped the journal flourish circle using Pumice Stone distress ink onto white card stock. I then colored the daisies with Copic markers. The sentiment is stamped using Seedless Preserves Distress ink and clear embossed. I colored the brads with a matching Copic marker and added them to three of the corners. I used a ribbon for the horizontal panel. I added some of the purple to the daisy with the same Copic marker and also one of the colored brads to the center.
meat shops selling stuffed anything you can think of, multiple
Dismal burdens so relieving,
Meals Included: Breakfast
He represented the league, and the game, the way the superstars should be. The way some of the game’s stars (i.e. Kesler, Crosby, Malkin) have failed to.
The Ministry of Interior has a symbolic importance in the ongoing political crisis that engulfed the country as the last American troops were withdrawing a little more than a week ago. The crisis began when a spokesman for the ministry, which is controlled by Prime Minister Nuri Kamal al-Maliki, publicly accused the country’s Sunni vice-president, Tariq al-Hashimi, of running a death squad.
And let’s not forget the most important part of skee ball playing….tickets! Although, these tickets were pretty stingy. We scored like 15000 points and got a measly 2 tickets!!! On the old PowerPlay skee ball we would have gotten like 20!
egyptian christians creating a protective barrier around egyptian muslims while they praywhat breathtaking unity-God be with Egypt during this difficult period.
The British author Rudyard Kipling (1865–1936) won the Nobel Prize in Literature for his poetry, but he is probably best remembered for The Jungle Book, which features several big cat characters, such as the panther Bagheera and the fierce tiger Shere Khan.
The first: April 19, 1995 - The bombing of Alfred P. Murrah building in Oklahoma City. I am a native Oklahoman. I was born and raised here. I still live here. My husband works in downtown OKC now. And on that morning, I was sitting in Mrs. Johnson's 6th grade class, when a classmate came in and said "There was a building bombed in Oklahoma City". No one knew what was going on, but as we started getting more information, we watched the news. At home, I watched the horror and devastation on the news. I remember the picture of the fireman holding the baby that he had brought out of the rubble. I remember our 6th grade classes learning to sign "From a Distance" by Bette Midler. I remember when they imploded the rest of the building...I watched it live on National t.v. I remember it all.
It’s sensible business, filling our increasingly-privatized prison system with marijuana smokers to capitalize on a huge, reliable slave-labor pool. And after all, as president Calvin Coolidge said:
These beings are not human, nor do they have any human attributes or characteristics – one of the novel’s strengths, and also something that shows how Jeffery is able to create beings, characters, that are anthropomorphic but not human, something which many authors who try to do the same thing fail at.
At the start of the book Riddley doesn’t allow himself to respond to his father’s death, but as the action progresses he changes allegiance to various men, such as Goodparley, Belnot Phist and Lissener. Is this about Riddley coming to terms with his father’s death? “The death of Brooder Walker has a profound effect on Riddley – he’s seething inside and is just about ready to go, when he digs up the Punch puppet and hauls Belnot Phist over the fence.” Self gets up to read this passage in his “absolutely immaculate” future Kentish accent:
Nov 14 Dundee Fat Sams
Grubbs also collaborated to records by Codeine and Red Krayola, showing himself to be one of the more creative minds of his generation.
“Oh my–” she began to say, mouth open in total surprise, but the rocks sealed away everything else; impassively waiting for Whitehouse to impale herself neatly at several points along her body.
Do your kids have a dress-up box? What story does it tell about them? And what do you think are the essentials for a great dress-up box?
…And so the awful realization gradually takes hold. He has been wrong. Completely, utterly wrong. His is a false gospel. 50 years of Bible study, and it has ended today in failure. Unspoken, the truth seeps through the room. “A little soup, Harold?” asks his wife. He is suddenly very, very old.
I’ve been a bit hesitant to get help. I think it is part of my overall denial of the problem. For me food is emotional. I feel bad, out of control, bored, anxious, and I end up eating. My cravings as most of you know is for sweets. I don’t know what it is about sugar…but it makes my insides feel better so it ends up being my crutch and not just sustenance. This is all wrong. What’s funny is I know all this intellectually but still can’t get a handle on changing my patterns. It’s like I’m punishing myself for my feelings.
I’m also very curious as to what’s in that room at the Lord Ruler’s palace. I’m pretty sure that the presence of the Inquisitors there means that he’s hiding something big, maybe even something world-changing.
God is good because my husband and I were able to hold our baby, to cry over her tiny body in the palms of our hands, and to Baptize our baby, who we decided was a girl, and name her, Gianna Molla Marie, after St. Gianna, an icon of the pro-life community.
There it is, evangelism, as we identify ourselves with the lost for as they are, we once were. Remember that you and I are only sinners but as for me, saved by grace.
66. East of Eden - John Steinbeck
Things I've learned: * I try to make the blocks either "pretty" in colours for girls or with "boys" fabrics. The people who received them didn't really care they just wanted something which was sturdy, bright and cheerful. They appreciated the fact that they were handmade especially to comfort them.
My interpretation. Man contracted something or other from someone other than his wife, and is desperate to not have to tell her. Instead, he would rather tell the entire platform of the 9:09am train. Can you say TMI?!
Nikki wrote:
When she began my check out I said: “Hi. How are you.”
So many people ask us:
How about you? Do you decorate a tree? Does it hold special meaning, invoke memories of Yuletides past? Or perhaps your tradition is Chanukah, or Kwanzaa, or Ramadan, which have their own treasured symbols and memories? Please do leave a comment and share...
and even when there is pressure not to do these things you still have their back and you don't let your opinion be swayed.
I don't know what I wanted, but I thought that a rectangular rug of some sort, big enough, would be nice. I checked all the usual places, but anything remotely to my taste was too expensive, even on clearance. We have two weddings to get through! And it's not really yard-sale season here yet; the junk-shops had yielded nothing.
He is down to 4 bottles a day and eats baby food three times a day plus some snacks. He has 7 teeth and hates it when we try to brush them.
We will be delivering the certification courses and creating ongoing education with Hyperwear and in particular the Sandbell product they designed. EXF will be our distributors and ensure that the product is available for the general public and fitness experts to use.
1. What types of product do you make?
at the Vintage Chicks Spring Fair.
Soon I saw
“We have repeatedly contended – and still believe, as do many people throughout the country – that the combination of alcohol and caffeine is safe. If it were unsafe, popular drinks like rum and colas or Irish coffees that have been consumed safely and responsibly for years would face the same scrutiny that our products have recently faced.
Buffalo and butternut squash was BOMB, y'all!
Green chilli ... 1
I was looking for a stamp with a clock on it, I know we have at least two from Leanne but I could not find them, I really need to sort out the files on this computer.
And, they laugh, giggle and talk all of the time. They are such happy babies and are so easy to please. Caden's favorite sound to make is "Mom" and will repeat it over and over to his little hearts content. This is so fitting since he has grown into quite the Mama's boy. Colton has said several clear words such as "kisses", "fishies", "Yeah", "Caden", and "Colton". Logan was speaking clear, three word senteces at 18 months and I think that Colton will surely follow in those footsteps.
Ink
Heat a little olive oil in a pan, add everything except spinach. When it is heated through and thickened a bit, stir in the spinach and cook until wilted.
- John McCracken Sketchbook: Though this book was technically released in 2008 (and the original sketchbook in “Sketchbook” is from the mid-1960’s), I finally bought my copy in 2010. This amazing facsimile document puts you inside McCracken’s head as he moved from his icon-type paintings to his classic planks and sculptures. McCracken continues to use the old sketchbook as a reference and it is nice to see the notations he has added to the original sketches over the years. Highlights include; lightning bolts around the first drawing of a leaning plank and comments like “s-h-i-t” and “blah” in reference to earlier notes and drawings.
Sent to the Chairman prior to publication on my blog 17th August 2010
The people interviewed include: chartered accountants, chiropractors, occupational
I like it. I sang it. And I changed the word that has always bothered me.
Here's something else...
I’m “too strong to lose,” care too much about self preservation to stop fighting any way that I can, even though I know how futile and misdirected my efforts are. They seem to do for now, and I have an endless supply of distractions and palliatives to keep me in the race.
Level 24: Weapon ATT: +24, Accuracy: +8%, Proc Rate: 57%, Deals 232% damage 2 times.
But what does the cat have to say? Same thing he does every day. A whole lot of this and a whole lot of that pretending it is not nonsense galore like at my mat. Nonsense Galore hmmmm that would make for quite the encore. Let’s pick those two words and see if I can crap out a few turds. Oh that was a bad visual there. I will keep that talk down since I am at another’s lair. So on with the show as I pick two words and give
Attire: Your Sunday Best-- Basic Diva Black, A touch of animal with a splash of Bling!So break out your hats, wraps, stoles, and bags ladies, we’re taking glam to another level this fall!
That collarbone break resulted in a missed whale-watching trip where everyone threw up and a figure-eight brace that led to kids saying I had a bra on. This break led to a week of no class and a powder blue cast (because I wasn't passing up the chance to represent the Dodgers, Chargers, and UCLA in one fell swoop).
"From the New York cupcake wars to the perfect Parisian macaron, Thomas's passion is palpable, her sweet tooth, unstoppable."—Elizabeth Bard, bestselling author of Lunch in Paris
In a faraway corner of a ruined world, a mysterious boy is building a flying machine. Birds help him, and so does a beautiful, brilliant, half-human engineer called Fever Crumb. But powerful enemies stalk them - either to possess their revolutionary invention, or to destroy the secrets of flight forever. The breathtaking new story from the awesome world of Mortal Engines. Award-winning writer Philip Reeve creates an extraordinary new city of moving buildings and human birds in a classic novel that is sure to thrill fans young and old.
But, Dr. Shailja Chaturvedi, psychiatrist and president of the Australian Indian Medical Graduates Association, warns against pushing children too hard.
2 information
Canvas smocks & patches -- Michaels
He is watching over your children too. He really does love it when we tell him our problems and ask Him for specifics. He will always answer, sometime not as clearly as He did that day, but He will answer non the less. Give it a try, who knows, maybe it will be a clear answer. My point is to always give all of our situations, whether good or bad to Him. Remember that He is watching over your children and He does care. He cared enough to answer this mom’s prayer when my little ones needed the help. Not only did He answer then but continued answering every time I needed Him. Our scripture for today is found in Isaiah 54:13. It says “And all your children shall be taught by the Lord, and great shall be the peace of your children.”
They are great crew members, and they really understand how to help make the crew love each other like family. They are great parents because they are a great example for their kids; they work to help the community, and embody the mission of AmeriCorps- they get things done for America! As a crew leader, it is pleasure to work with young men and women that not only fulfill their responsibilities as crew members, but also inspire all of us to challenge ourselves to aim high and fulfill our goals, in spite of hardship or obstacles. The parents of E-Corps show us all that with intention, hard work, and a positive attitude, we can all achieve success.
Small Blue-Green World/AVIEN/Mac Virus
1 tablespoon real vanilla extract
The only clunky section of French’s text appears right at the beginning. French’s long essay on Indian politics requires him to make a survey, for reasons of context and continuity, of events from the time of independence onwards: nation-formation and constitution-framing, the crisis of succession post-Nehru, the Emergency, the rise of dynastic politics. Here, even French’s talent for elegant synthesis and summary, often finished off with brief, probing glosses – Jawaharlal Nehru’s classic The Discovery of India is “a fine, slanted and sometimes romantic version of history”– is not enough to reanimate an extensively reported period of national history, the personalities, contours and faultlines of which are familiar to even the casual reader on India.
Anyway, after I handed over the cash, the lady handed me a magical cup of coffee with cocoa and pink glitter decorating the froth. And if there’s one thing you need to know about me, it’s that I love froth. But not as much as I love coffee.
Down at the site
He doesn’t really suit my play-style, so I don’t use him. He needs to be too far behind the main lines, and he can’t hold his own in a fight, which are both aspects that I can’t really cope with in an army general.
First mix of 2010 is a revisit to Acid Soul. This is probably as close as I get to a definitive Leftside Wobble selection (joining the dots between dub, funk, disco & house). It's a mid tempo affair (part 3 follows next week which moves into peak time territory) and includes stunners from The Revenge, James Johnson & Motor City Drum Ensemble.
Unless, of course, the working class of Britain can find its voice and make itself heard, outside and beyond the stifling ballot booths. That would be the voice of the people – Democracy!
I had recurring colds during that London winter each followed by a persistent cough that would continue for three or four weeks. I was wheezy and breathless when out in cold air. The local doctor I had registered with was reluctant to prescribe antibiotics since it was after all 'just a viral infection.' In May 1999 I had some minor prostate surgery at a hospital in St John's Wood. This was carried out with a spinal injection and I was only in hospital overnight but the anaesthetist was so concerned about the state of my lungs that she advised me to have a complete check up when I returned to New Zealand.
A reiki session lasts anywhere from 30 to 45 minutes, sometimes up to an hour.
Again gain and again and again and again (i keep coming back)
This is indeed my classic Alfred Sung skirt that I got in 2009: With pumpkin tights! I love the mint green shade, but it's tricky to wear with other colours. By adding the cinnamon-coloured cami, the neutral dark brown blouse and the dark shoes, I showcase the skirt. The tights were picked up on sale at Esprit a few months ago. I am loving that pumpkin colour.
“We have received assurances from News Group Newspapers (NGN) that in fact no emails were transferred to India,” Graham said in a statement. He added he had “seen no evidence to contradict this assurance”.
Pacing back and forth no answer on her phone,
Jared: Yeah. I want to know about him but she won't tell me. My Grandma and Grandpa do though.
He's ordered a urodynamic test and I'm waiting to hear back for that to be scheduled. Basically, it is a contrast study that through a catheter fills her bladder with dye and we watch to see what happens to it. Does she pee it out immediately, or does it (because of the pressure of such a full bladder) go back up into her kidneys? The prayer I'm asking you all to pray is that she pees it out and everything is fine. And it ends there.
795 ***D-III/19/1980. “On The Brethren.” Constitutional Law Seminar, Loyola School of Law, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1983(7), above, and in Item B-5, above, pp. 275-94 (1992).)
Sonaisali Island Resort’s Managing Director, Aaron McGrath, said “With being a family resort it was important to us to refurbish the family bures before we head into high season, where we find extended families vacation together. This is our only room type that can accommodate 4-6 people comfortably. The family market is very important to Sonaisali and we look forward to welcoming the first guests into these refurbished rooms.”
Personally, it's not my way of looking at the human world, but it is a way that I learned to look -- as a portrait artist has to learn to see light and shadow instead of a person. For me, it's an optical illusion, but a very useful one to a dramatist.
Sadly, this is my last card I will be posting as a DT member of Bugaboo Stamps. I have asked for a leave of absence for a few months. I’ve enjoyed making new friends, and I will miss each and everyone of you! Thanks for making me feel so welcomed into the Bugaboo family.
From a cold steel rail?
Bye.Cya.
Mix first 7 ingredients in large zipper bag. Zip bag and squish around with hands to mix well.
We ate far too many french toast sticks. They were better than I ever remember them being. We waited for the buddy to arrive and my two children started to play in the sand. Not the sand that's along the beach, nope. The sand that is around the palm trees. The sand that serves as nothing more than decoration. My kids love sand.
And be so bold to try
“Why?” We all chorused.
Sir Scott Baker's lamentable report (all 400 pages of which can be read here) failed to see what was wrong with either system, perhaps because he was asking himself the wrong questions. On the arrangements with the USA, Baker concluded that there is no significant difference between the US "probable cause" test for arrest and the UK's "reasonable suspicion" test, and that it was not significantly more difficult to extradite someone from the USA to the UK than vice versa. All of which may be true. But these are purely procedural points.
Spend your lives in sin and misery
Glasgow.
Maybe some of you have already tried online dating, but if not, you might have ideas about what it's like.
Imagine you live in a house with ten brothers and sisters. The family grows up but no one moves out. You all get married and have children, still living in the same house together. Overcrowded!
Here’s a staggering statistic I bet you didn’t know: 97% of all media is run by men. Women are being told what beauty is by men. Shouldn’t women be fully capable of doing this for their own gender? At the very least we should even up the playing field by allowing more women to have a say in what is and is not acceptable in main stream media. We are constantly being bombarded with unrealistic views of beauty everywhere we look. Instead of taking it as the norm, it’s imperative that we realize the reality behind the smoke and mirrors of Hollywood’s idea of beauty so we can have confidence in our own self-image. Here are some things you can do to make sure you are not being influenced by main stream media’s view of beauty.
this is just one example of the antique dining tables that we have in stock, it is a wonderful Regency period table with solid mahogany top and 4 original leaves, this table will easily seat 14 people and will look stunning in any large dining room.
TF2 has something called Quickplay, BF3 has something similar. I’ve written about Quickplay before, but essentially it’s the insta-join facility that you can use as a new player when you start up the game, directing you to Valve-approved servers where you can start playing. The WDG server has now been running the Valve-approved configuration for a few weeks now. Previous to this, we were finding that the server wasn’t filling. People would join briefly, see the server was more-or-less empty and leave, understandable, they wanted to play a good game of TF2 straight off, they didn’t have time to wait. Now we are getting players through. It still needs that core, but maybe after a couple of maps, people start to feed in, though the rate does vary, and the server fills, and stays full. We’ve checked the server status and currently it rates at
Women and children are the first victims
We have power again, but we don't have Biscuit. We still have who we think was probably his mother. She's an old lady and we'll be taking her to the vet today to get her vaccinations and heartworm test.
And I can’t wait to come back.
UK Gold's application was opposed by another UK company, Dave Soho Limited, which argued that they held unregistered rights in the UK in relation to classes 9, 16, 35, 38, 41, and 42; Dave Soho did not hold any earlier registered rights for the mark on which to rely. They argued, however, that their earlier unregistered rights were of ‘more than mere local significance’ in the UK, ie they provided the basis for a passing off action, and that they could rely on them for the purpose of Article 8(4). By way of background, Dave Soho is a creative business consultancy involved in advertising, marketing, and communications. The company was incorporated under its current name in 2004 and adduced a variety of evidence to demonstrate that its use preceded UK Gold's application, and was sufficient to establish a case in passing off.
You are going to love the stamps in this series - your masculine cards will flow together in record time! This card took 8 minutes, start to finish! I used my Perfect Layers tools for perfect matting!
“Are they ministers of Christ? (I speak as a fool) I am more; in labours more abundant, in stripes above measure, in prisons more frequent, in deaths oft. Of the Jews five times received I forty stripes save one. Thrice was I beaten with rods, once was I stoned, thrice was I shipwrecked, a night and a day I have been in the deep.”
PS. Vino never phoned like she said she was going to, but I predicted as much.
The most impressive thing about Joe's Brewhouse isn't the house brewed beer. It's their tap list! Belgian tripels, double IPAs, CDAs, stouts, porters, and doppelbocks were on tap. The usual suspects were there: Breckenridge, Weihenstephan, Sam Adams, Marsedous, New Belgium, Franziskaner, Rogue and Deschutes. The service was fast and friendly, as you'ld expect in West Texas. I could see this place packed to the rafters on Friday and Saturday nights.
Away in the blue hydrofloral icosahedron the superstrings alone are real
You’re there to take them home when they are in situations that they can’t handle.
The Ryan Brennan Memorial Skatepark in Salem, dedicated to my cousin who passed away after a rollerblading accident, is my home park. This wasn’t the first skate park I rolled, but is definitely the one that I roll most often.
After all, things orbit around you.
Thanks for stopping by Today and happy shopping!
20. Learn. If you hear an unfamiliar word, look it up. See a flower you don’t recognize? Find out what it is.
17 looked
Row 7: Knit 4 stitches, purl 1, Knit 4 stitches
I had planned to get some chores done, and then watch a movie and have some fun before watching the Swedish Song Contest final on TV. Didn’t do any of that except watch TV. Oh, and I watched some nude pics of women and masturbated but I wouldn’t say it was much fun or exciting, more like a way to pass some time. Sometimes it works that way. Some of you might know what I’m talking about. If you don’t, don’t worry – in time you’ll know too.
That there's a rhythm in your heart and soul,
I'm afaid I don't have a clue who made these stamps. Its an A5 sheet so more of them and I may one day get round to using them.
Much more recently (like just before NYE last year), I was thinking about the two main theories as to how the universe came to be: Creation and The Big Bang. Here is an excerpt from a message I sent a friend of mine basically detailing all the thoughts that had come to mind:
The way resumed I on the desert slope,
I can understand why the stick got bent this way. Nothing bores a group of players more than waxing into purple prose for more than five minutes without allowing them to hear the sound of their own voices. To be sure, it's a game. We fidget impatiently at the person who spends an eternity agonizing over whether they build three houses or a hotel on Baltic Avenue. They are hogging the play experience after all.
· Willie Nelson
The cosseted
I know I didn't work in France but there was plenty to keep me busy, here I am in a rented house, in the 'burbs' becoming a bored housewife. I have signed up for French classes which start next month. Sorry for the moaning post but that's how I feeling right now. PS: France was gorgeous, weather amazing, time there much too short. Roll on July.
97This sure is bliss (if bliss on earth there be)
Sexual politics is too much in fashion for me just to shudder and pass by; A Midsummer Night’s Dream will reassert itself, at a better time than this, but I have much to say on behalf of Bottom, Shakespeare’s most engaging character before Falstaff. Bottom, as the play’s text comically makes clear, has considerably less sexual interest in Titania than she does in him, or than many recent critics and directors have in her. Shakespeare, here and elsewhere, is bawdy but not prurient, Bottom is amiably innocent, and not very bawdy. Sex-and-violence exalters really should look elsewhere. Titus Andronicus would be a fine start. If Shakespeare had desired to write an orgiastic ritual, with Bottom as ‘this Bacchic ass of Saturnalia and carnival’ (Jan Kott), we would have a different comedy. What we do have is a gentle, mild, good-natured Bottom, who is rather more inclined to the company of the elves – Peaseblossom, Cobweb, Moth, and Mustardseed – than to the madly infatuated Titania. In an age of critical and theatrical absurdity, I may yet live to be told that Bottom’s interest in the little folk represents a potential for child abuse, which would be no sillier than the ongoing accounts of A Midsummer Night’s Dream.
- What type of workout is on agenda;
No, I don't count he lounge at the Holiday Inn as a real bar, I'll be getting to the real bar later.
How about some footage of a busker having his hat containing a few measly coins stolen - which is far better metaphor for illegal music downloads than being buggered by blacksmiths. Or a writer who, due to the loss of income represented by piracy is unable to afford to switch their heating on? How about a struggling film maker with holes in their shoes? These are straitened times and the creative industries are not well paid even when the economy is booming - except for those who've made it to the sunlit uplands. For every success you see on the red carpets at awards times. though, there are thousands who aren't present because they're still working on it.
One of my favourite images of our Blessed Mother is the image of "The Patron Saint of Street Children" aka Our Lady of Poverty.
“Well Maharaja, I feel like I am inside. It’s what makes
But how will things change once I go back home? When the usual stressors are placed back in my life? When the burden of a career and marriage weigh on me again? Ashley still seems willing to work things out in our physical relationship, which gives me a bit of hope, but I’ve had a lot of freedom these past weeks, and that freedom has given me back the creative spark I once valued so highly. I’m afraid that spark will diminish as the real world reinforces itself around me, that I will fall back into the pseudo-depressive gloom that defined my personal life and that I worked so hard to keep hidden from everyone. It’s a disconcerting thought.
Thank God for new days and new weeks. Whew!
That was lucky, by getting out there a little later than normal, I missed most of the snow, and as I was sorting through the few photos I took, the rain hit in earnest. It is hard to believe that just a month ago we were in the middle of a record-breaking heat wave with temperatures in the mid to upper 80′s. It was cold, windy, and snowy today, more like the middle of March should be than the middle of April.
his unsheath’d sword,
This is the first noticeable inkling of her being bummed that Greg and I have become the Two Amigos at the expense of the Three. My inclusion in the comment suggests as much. But it also has a lot to do with me being dragged into a suddenly public quarrel between former lovers and current partners in drunken hookups.
"Mtwara, a small town on the outskirts of Tanzania
No back links please, if the item was on your blog before June 1st then it will be removed. Thanks for your understanding on this matter.
Though an 18th century English aristocrat that had never seen America could understand this so clearly, our modern aristocrats cannot seem to understand why our occupation of Iraq causes so much hatred.
I immediately started the edging by casting on the initial seven stitches. It was a pretty simple pattern - increase one stitch every other row, creating an eyelet, up to 15 and cast off eight and begin again. Begin again, how many times? Fifty five times! Total peaks needed - fifty six.
Do you have a shop you go and browse, just for inspirational purposes? Did anyone spy me on Friday or visit the Junk Bonanza over the three days it was here? What thrifty scores did you scoop up this weekend?
(even though it was pretty high already!)
Students at an Arkansas junior high school this week were clearing the hall too slowly in the opinion of a police officer assigned to the school, so he did something mind-numbingly dumb: he pulled out his pepper spray and squirted it into the air. The result? Pandemonium, as screaming, gagging and vomiting students ran down the halls and out of the school. Three students were rushed to the emergency room and more than a dozen others were picked up by their parents because of difficulty breathing.
Onion - 1 small chopped fine
Naaman is not only a wonderful husband but an outstanding father as well. From the time I got pregnant with Landon he has gone above and beyond the normal fatherly duties. He gives of himself every single day to let his sons know they are loved. What more could any mother or son ask for? How about not only a father but a best bud? It makes my heart go pitter-patter when he tells Landon he is his "best bud." And that is a daily occurrence, my friends.
N.B.: My thanks to Barb, another cycling ethusiast in Washington state, where I first saw this proverb. Her blog offers a wonderful list of blogs written by women cyclists worldwide.
Alison Acheson, Don Aker, Vivien Bowers, Marty Chan, Eileen Cook, Kathleen McDonnell, Chris McMahen, Robert Rayner, Judy Ann Sadler, Rina Singh, Vikki VanSickle, Shoshana Litman, CCBC, Coteau Books, Groundwood Books, HarperCollins, Kids Can Press, Random House, Second Story Press.
A very busy weekend - I had a seemingly endless list of things to do which normally I would tackle head on with gusto, but somehow this weekend, I approached with a sense of dread. I blame the gusty winds and their positive ions, it made me feel rather emotional and stressed. Luckily I was clever enough to know I had to squeeze in some 'me' time in between chores to maintain my sanity.
INNOVATIVE PRESENTATION OF ANCIENT INDIAN HERITAGE
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly butter a 9x5 inch loaf pan. In a large bowl, stir together flour, sugar, beer, and cheese. Place batter into the prepared loaf pan, spreading the batter evenly. Drizzle the melted butter on top of the dough.Bake 50 to 60 minutes, until a toothpick inserted comes out clean.
Before my freshman year at college, my sister suggested I call my assigned roommate and get to know her a month or so before we moved in together. So I called up my roommate. She seemed nice on the phone, but I am still shy. My sister was standing next to me egging me on. “Ask her what music she likes.” Vicky told me. “What kind of music do you like?” I asked the roomie. “Oh, I like a little bit of everything.” Roomie replies. “Do you like Nine Inch Nails?” “No, I like to keep mine short.” BAM! I knew this roommate and I were not destined to be friends. I don’t remember what else was said after that point, but I do remember how she did not even know who Nine Inch Nails was.
This is not the first time we have had mice either in the trunk, wheel well or air filter.
‘View your staff as if they were family.’
Ok, to the food. Apologies for the rubbish state of the photos... I was very nearly having hunger shakes as I hastily took them.
For the mothers in helping them to 'study their children' and oversee their growth:
Cartridge: Life's a Beach
I'm interested to hear some of the weirdest places you hooked up/ could have hooked up!
First, take time to always be at the crossroads when your children are either coming or going–when they leave and return from school–when they leave and return from dates–when they bring friends home. Be there at the crossroads whether your children are six or sixteen. In Proverbs we read: “A child left to himself bringeth his mother to shame” (Proverbs 29:15). Among the greatest concerns in our society are the millions of latchkey children who come home daily to empty houses unsupervised by working parents.
A big (around $6000) project that we hope to start next year is adding a bathroom and walk-in-closet to the master bedroom. The yellow box gives you an idea of what that will do to our yard.
There are several Western scholars who argue that the pyramid on the seabed may have been initially made on the mainland, after which a devastating earthquake struck and changed the landscape completely. Other scientists argue that a few hundred years ago the waters of the Bermuda Triangle area may have as one of the cornerstone activities of the people of Atlantis, and Pyramids on the sea floor may be a supply warehouse for them. Perhaps it is related to the underwater race of humanoids discovered in Washington State in 2004 – the so called “aquatic ape” beings? (See last article titled “Animal Planet: Navy Cover-Up Of Intelligent Beings Found in Ocean“)
I did find some inspirational laundry rooms though!
Kaamatan is a time of thanksgiving and forgiveness. So I feel it is inappropriate to dissolve Parliament then. — Wilfred Tangau
They stood hand in hand gazing at their new acquisition. The big lottery win had got them the house they had dreamed of.
this sod that a rock from the curb will also mark the tar in the absence
I told him to eat some of this organic wheat berry grass Mom planted for us.
The three men arrested from the Welsh capital Cardiff were Gurukanth Desai aged 28, 26-year old Omar Sharif Latif and 24-year old Abdul Malik Miah.
Yes, calling a holy book, or part of it’s contents, “bullshit” is sometimes accurate (I often say similar words about things that about the Q’ran) however, saying the things he said in a pre-planned speech, to a group of high school students, was bullying. This wasn’t said in the heat of the moment, when he was angry at someone coming after him personally, this was pre-meditated and there is no way he did not know that many students and teachers in that crowd would be Christians. That would be a statistical improbability.
Doesn't it make your day!!!?
Polly Pilly was all smiles when I opened her door. Within moments, I realized that she had no problems that I needed to address. When I wear my professional hat, I'm a speech pathologist. In hospitals, one of our roles is to evaluate a person's ability to swallow safely and efficiently. Polly seemed to be doing very well as soon as I saw her. She was talking to me, laughing with the nurse and, in general, looking ready to head out the door and to the nearest casino. It seems that she had a neurological event that came and went within about 24 hours. Although I wouldn't wish any type of event warranting a hospital stay on anyone, secretly, I'm so glad it happened to Polly Pilly.
We have been very effective in Afghanistan. We have a potent force in the Apache attack helicopters. We are up against intelligent and capable enemies, whether in Afghanistan or Iraq, and we know that they will continue to look for ways to attack land-based vehicles or air-based platforms. We have a lot of measures in place. The hon. Lady will understand that it is not appropriate to discuss all the detail, but where we identify a threat - be it a new or technological threat - we identify a quick way to deal with it. Sometimes that takes time as we come to understand the threat before developing the technical response. Our focus at all times is the protection of our personnel, whether it involves fixed-wing aircraft, helicopters, land-based systems or maritime systems.It is thus not as if our fears and concerns were not known in parliament at the time, but as Ann Winterton constantly brought them up in the House, they were just as constantly ignored. Had they been noted and addressed earlier, many lives could have been saved. Why then, we ask, is it only now that we are seeing "a precise and shocking exposé" from the Defence Committee, and one which still seems incapable of getting to grips with some of the detail?
Section – 1
For now, we’re going to keep doing what we’re doing. Our next appointment to discuss our decisions isn’t until later in June so we have some time. We’re going to keep doing what we’re doing for at least that long and who knows, maybe I’ll get knocked up and all of this will have been for nothing. Neither of us think that discussing this with our current donor is necessary yet and we may not broach the subject until we have more solid plans or know that we’re done trying at home all together. (Some of you actually know him, so mums the word for now, k?) There’s just so much to consider that I can’t begin to possibly cover it all here, but that’s the big jist of the past few weeks. We have a LOT to think about and are feeling thoroughly overwhelmed by it at the moment.
This window is from a building in Chicago. We actually were on top of a parking garage, getting photos of the El Train below.
Whatever the future holds, I know it will be good. Not guaranteed smooth sailing, never dull, but always good. Because God holds it all in His hands, and “Every good gift and every perfect gift is from above, and cometh down from the Father of lights, with whom is no variableness, neither shadow of turning.”~ James 1:17 (KJV)
4 ran
Christoph Rehage did just that. The fact is that he walked everywhere he went, but in the video below, he gives us a time-lapse view of the places he went…as on a bike. For bikers, it would have been some ride!
While we have adopted the republican form of government with its three co-equal departments, each acting within its separate sphere, it would be well to remember that we have not accepted the American theory of separation of powers to its full extent. For, profiting from the experience of America when her Supreme Court, by the application many a New Deal measure which her Congress had approved to meet a national crisis, our Constitutional Convention in 1935, despite the warning of those who feared a dictatorship in his country, decided to depart from the strict theory of separation of powers by embodying a provision in our Constitution, authorizing the delegation of legislative powers to the President “in times of war or other national emergency.” It is my surmise that this provision was intended to guard not only against the inability to meet but also against its usual tardiness and inaction. We have proof of this last in the last regular session of Congress, when this body failed to pass measures of pressing necessity, especially the annual appropriation law and the appropriation for the expenses of the coming elections.
I made the first block and had room to add more and I figure, a bigger block, the faster I can make the quilt for my sister. But, I forgot what happened the last time I used red wool on tea stained fabric. Soooo.... now I have red shadows around the hearts. One idea is to use spot remover or something that takes out stains or add stitching around the heart area to mask the pink. Or I can make something else that covers those spots and take the hearts off, or cut really close to the words and chop it off there, so if any red is left, it will be in the border with the sashing.
Not participating, quiet footsteps, breath without warmth
9) Mary, Crown Princess of Denmark
