of the Gospel I preached to you,
As I crossed the road I reflected on his feelings for many of his fellow cabbies who were slated to lose their taxis to the rule the city had passed to ‘phase out’ taxis older than 25 years. Only a little over a week remained for the rule to come into force. But little did we know that morning that in a little over a week from now the city of Bombay would begin to lose more than just a few thousands of Premier Padminis.
Spread your whispering story.
*Update: Since I wrote the first part of this post, we've tested the Dover White on a section of the cabinets and can see how it looks now that it's dry. It's a winner -- we love it!! So we've got that sorted, as my husband says. :)
ps.I might or might not have been wearing it non stop for some days now
In this wide-ranging, engaging interview, Mohib offers his views and discusses:
-At the end of the picture: When they were ending the photo shoot, T.O.P was so hyper that he was dancing and joking all the way when Daesung also then showed us a lot of different facial expressions. It seems that they still had another schedule after this, fighting, everyone!
"Wunderbar!" - Mark
On every vine appear
The Director of Veterinary Services, Dr Philemon Motsu, says they will not allow farmers in the Bobirwa district to sell cattle that were not vaccinated against foot and mouth disease last year to local butcheries and the Botswana Meat Commission.
He just emptied his smokehouse of several chaudins (stuffed pig
I get that I am only punishing myself and my kids by not cooking anymore and I think of great chefs who cook in TEENY kitchens in NYC.
He shut my bedroom door behind him, looking at it as though it had really irritated him. He turned round and asked
We have been doing a bit of work over the last 3 weeks pruning trees and just general garden maintenance.
Then, when the machine beeps at you (some have a special beep to make additions to the dough), or has run or at least 20 minutes, you would add the raisins. Then walk away until it beeps that it is done.
The instructions are available to purchase for £2.50. If you are interested the details are on the column to the right. I have written the instructions with UK metric measurements.
silver bells taunt me and the jingle ones mock!
Despite its age and pedigree, flash fiction did not truly come into its own until the birth of the internet, when any number of amateur authors were suddenly able to share their works with anyone willing to read them at little or no cost. Coupled with the fact that the newborn e-zine format required original content to fill its pages, and that this new age of information was the dawn of the Short Attention Span generation, its easy to see why the artform took off during the early days of AOL and the BBS.
Don't settle for anything less than the very best. You don't need to flaunt yourself to get attention, though so often, it is portrayed that that's the only way. If you are willing to wait and keep yourself untainted by the impurities life will throw at you, you will meet a man who is willing to treat you like the princess you are. God knows what you need, even if you don't, and He will provide. He loves you and wants the very best for you, so please, protect your heart until the very best comes to you.
He thanks us for being there - and we thank him for stopping - and he lopes away to his vehicle.
In 2007:
I’d like you to meet Tobias Tenderheart, my newest little teddy.
who retreat into the wondrous meandering writing that
Culver City, CA 90232
Bob was becoming more noticeably nervous. He couldn't believe it. He was not sure, but American History was his best subject, so he played it safe.
I’m kind of a teetotaler myself. I can count on one hand the times I’ve cursed aloud. (I can’t even type s*x very easily, lol). If I add in the times I cursed on maybe, maybe I’ll need two hands. My “favorite beers” are kid’s beer, malt, ginger beer, birch beer, root beer, and sarsaparilla. I love all those things; that’s enough for me. The strongest The strongest alcohols I’ve tasted was–what 5% proof? And it was gross! I’ll have no more of that.
Reiki will free you and return you to the love within. Self treatments work on many levels: connecting to yourself through regular touch, the flow of the energy through you to your body, and its you saying to you “You’re worth it”. When we give Reiki as a practitioner to others, we are saying they are worth healing. We are able to help them achieve a better balance, and state of emotional peace. We just simply turn that truth inwards to ourselves.
They roam in groups that loot and vandalise
1 temperament
The past emerged into the present, science merged into history and politics, and a larger picture took shape. Whether this big picture has any truth to it or is simply the result of a mind seeking patterns where none exist, doesn’t really matter, at least not to me, not any more. I never had an emotional stake in the resolution of the mysteries. I simply wanted to know the truth.
I had to go for a little messy, all over the place Layout as these happy colours made me feel like that.
How many people read the fine print loopholes in that?
Leaders cannot lead from behind. If you are in a leadership position, you must not only be willing to go before but you must be the first to venture into new avenues.
Sometimes life is simply good.
I think in the 90s we enter the era of the "efficiency review," Peter, when the new generation of publishers had the cost-cutting mindset: why pay writers and artists a page rate to create new strips, when we can just reprint old ones for free, and then: why are we filling these titles with expensive to produce comic strips when we can get the in-house staff to throw together 'feature' pages instead, for no extra cost.
“Rostami locked her car door. Someone threw a rock at her window. Forster got out to confront the rock-thrower, and that’s when the beating began. …
Well, I'm all over thhese so-called units like a cheap suit, flies around shit, bees around honey, etc... blah blah...
I fucked a boy; the moans, grunts and motions matched the script, but it felt like I was an actor acting out a role. And not a very good one at that. I remember that kiss and I knew I was using sex as a tool to blunt the edge of that memory.
3) What the Hunger Games Taught Me (and the Church Should Have) About Men In our culture, men are given license to satisfy their desires for pleasure by using women, just as women are given license to seek pleasure in pampering themselves. This message carries way beyond Christian teachers—it’s everywhere.
They bagels will drop to the bottom and slowly begin to rise. (When this happens, flip the bagels, either with a spatula or flattened spoon, and let them simmer for another minute.)
My son's music teacher adores anything pink so she would love this (bath & shower, body lotion). Paradisiac Pink Pepperpod? It just sounds so cool.
1) I had no reason to take her out; I had no intention of playing with her.
Sort of like a ‘punk as a state of mind’ thing?
There is the planning process where I’ve plotted out my idea on the computer & everything has been pulled together to actually begin. Then there is the what-if process where the unknown element comes into play. This sketch for instance:
More than anything, I think this Year of Suck has shown me just how much I can survive. I always think, "Surely, I can't endure anything else or I'll DIE. No, really die this time." Then something even worse happens and guess what? I'm still alive! Look at that. It was in no way fun, but I'm still here and I'm still writing.
Brian sighed, loudly. “Don’t turn your power on me.”
Where I’m heading over the next two weeks:
My fiancé and I love riding our bikes along the canals and stopping for beer and (occasionally) a bit of bitterballen. Our only rule is that once we leave a bar we have to go into one of the next three bars we see. This way we get to walk into places we usually might not walk into, because of this we have discovered some really great bars/brown cafes that we’re keen to go back to! We usually hit up a different area each time we go but we tend to avoid areas such as Leidseplein and Rembrandtplein because we find that bars and restaurants here tend to be expensive (and the quality of food not too great). But having said that, people watching in Leidseplein and Rembrandtplein is great fun and sometimes having a beer in an outdoor courtyard there can be a lovely way to start a bicycle beer and bitterballen crawl.
The kitchen counters were a nice brown pattern of some sort, I think. It’s been a while since I’ve seen much of them so I know I need to spend a few hours in the kitchen. One of the bread machines needs to have a different storage location.
How sweet — but for that in that famously touchy age, the fact of Hooke’s modest height gave the conventional phrase a nasty edge both men
To be fair, this semester has been good to me. Well, I have junioritis real bad so my grades probably suck… So other than my grades and this emotional hurricane I’ve been dealing with, life is good. I started playing bass at the Vineyard. I finally joined a small group and have been somewhat regularly doing my quiet times. I’ve spent a lot of time with old friends while making some new ones along the way (it’s good to be twenty-one). And somewhere in there I found time to ride 800 some miles.
10) Hang on tightly to your bags. Due to my line of work, I’ve heard many cases of people getting pick-pocketed and losing their belongings in Paris (Notorious places include train stations particularly the Paris North (Gare du Nord) and Galeries Lafayette). It would be a pity to have your holiday in the City of Lights marred by an incident of pick-pocketing or theft and to lose time and money trying to sort everything out later.
So there we have it. We're a bit caught up, right? With the exception a few minor yet very major life details. Maybe now I can clear my camera and get back into the documentary swing of things? But first I have to go swipe the always magically reappearing and ever so obnoxious electronic snowman snow globe from my sons hands, before I hear "We Wish You A Merry Christmas" another time, and explode with Christmas rage.
3. Hopefully the independent voters will realize what a pathetic scare tactic it is and be further turned off by Obama.
All I am getting is orange from you,
But no matter what happens,
black flats: Born
Till next time. Best wishes
At the end, I was really grossed out, but also extremely proud, to see the full bags of blood that I had filled. It’s nice to know that I can change the lives of a lot of people. After just one donation, I could have saved up to three lives. WOW. I will be donating blood many more times in my future.
Well, as soon as Lamar opened the door on Uncle Virgil's old mailbox, both he and Luther were simultaneously struck in their faces with something akin to boiling acid or liquid fire ... then the malodorous aroma caught up with the searing pain as both victims fell to the ground barely able to breathe and rendered nearly totally blind ... Skunk!! ... they'd been sprayed by a skunk ... a big, mean skunk too! ... Uncle Virgil was laughing so hard he nearly flipped backwards out of his rocking chair as the young pranksters wallowed around on the ground in obvious misery ... the angry Mephitis mephitis dropped down onto the ground and gave the squirming boys a few more scalding squirts just for good measure, then leisurely ambled off into some tall grass beside of the road ... Virgil Hunnicutt continued to guffaw like a crazed hyena nearly sending himself into convulsions in the process ... you see, Virgil had been having trouble with skunks nesting under his corn crib, so he had been trapping and relocating the pesky creatures for quite some time ... he had nabbed this overtly-aggressive beast three days before, and it had been getting angrier by the minute awaiting relocation and release while incarcerated in Uncle Virgil's cage trap ... when he was alerted by the postmaster as to the boys' puerile prank, Virgil simply reversed it on them, for you see, it had been a longstanding rumor that Uncle Virgil Hunnicutt was a near genius with an astronomically Brobdingnagian IQ ... there must have been some basis to that longstanding rumor, for his demonstrable brilliance had once again struck a fatal blow against profound stupidity ... Lamar and Luther finally regained a small measure of composure and were able to draw in a few deep breaths, eventually enough partial eyesight returned to where they could get to their feet and head toward home in search of some tomato juice ... as they stumbled away like a pair of boozy roosters, Virgil Hunnicutt recovered sufficient aplomb to convey the following ... "Happy April Fools' Day ... fools!!
Formerly a brewer, who had established his works in the southern district at the Pleasance, Mr Bell, was more celebrated than any other in Scotland for the preparation of malt liquor ; but his ale had the fault of being extremely intoxicating.
Change is good! Falling apart can be a good thing. If something is not working, let us seek the Lord for how he wants it to work.
Shop for jewelry, pottery, toys, art, clothing and imports.
-3 pieces/slices of licorice root
There are varying types and levels of participation depending on the extent to which children share power**;
9350-G Snowden River Parkway
Remember that definitions often close doors; absorb the mystery; be okay with not knowing; re-learn the education of the unsure.
She argued with me yesterday that she could do all the things I do for her. There is no need of me to help her in any way. I asked her if she felt she could stand on a stool to clean windows, clean the pool carry loads of laundry up and down the stairs, and make the meals. “Well, I wouldn’t have a pool!” She said, as if I was completely daft. I thought that was so hilarious. But I said,”Mom, I wouldn’t want you trying to cook and do laundry. It’s not safe. But she insisted that she needed no help. “I need to do what I can do,” she said. “Yes, I know this is true. But the issue is, that she really can’t do a lot.”
Just don't order the Mac and Cheese!!
Surprisingly few of James’s works have been filmed for the big screen, but in 1957 the French-American director Jacques Tourneur (him of the very stylish RKO B features Cat People and I Walked with a Zombie) crossed the Atlantic to film the story Casting the Runes. Moving the story on from 1911 to the 1950s Night of the Demon was remarkably faithful to the orignal story.
The following precautions taken during an international flight can help to limit or prevent jet lag:
N.B's burst of inspiration, as strange but as brilliant as the "fitful flame of the bivouac" (on our Walt Whitman day)
why does cheese ruin your voice
Seems that things become off-putting to a person when some people load too much information of a topic where the listener has no interest in.
We’ll see from this point on where fate sweeps young Ao and Naru. There’s Gazelle and Co., there’s the JSDF and OSDF, and there’s Generation Bleu, who are rather surprised to see the Mark I flynig around, considering they believed it was scrapped years ago. There’s lots of danger and peril in these first episodes, but also lots of heart and determination, and lots of colorful, likable characters. We were better able to sort everything and everyone out this week, and this looks to be a most immersive sci-fi-drama. Not as in-your-face or insane as Aquarion Evol, but more serious and mature.
The larger version of the classic Trocadero , ideally suited to busy days. The crisp, squared shape is detailed with natural cowhide piping and corners, an outside pocket, and a long shoulder/cross-body strap.
I'd forgotten to warn my kids ahead of time that Learn Nothing Day was approaching. It's only the 2nd annual and I didn't pay much attention to it last year. This year, however, I told Jonathan about it over breakfast. His reply? "I wish I'd known this sooner, so I could've planned better."
at least 1,000 different toppings to choose from.
- Sponsored a resolution in the UN Security Council for additional security and police forces in Haiti
Only 20 more days of this to go! I can't imagine what the buildup to Christmas is going to be like.
particular, but it was a lot of the interactions between Ellory and Adam. In a way, they're both walking around numb. Ellory chooses to live closed off, bitter after watching her parents split and she tells herself that she doesn't want to feel if it's going to cause her so much pain. Adam is numb because he can't help it. He was born that way. And what makes them so interesting is because Ellory puts up a wall on purpose and Adam is desperate to be able to feel anything at all. There's a push and pull between them and that's something I enjoyed creating. Love without conflict, craziness, and a little bit of
● Sales & Marketing Manager, 5 Years
It was at this stage, in 2010, that I signed to my agency. But by this time, publishing was moving on. Another twelve months of books had come out, including Michael Grant’s ‘Gone’ series which bore some resemblance to Hollow Pike. Already, vampires were dead in the water, with fairies and werewolves on the wane. See what I mean? Publishing doesn’t stay still for long and readers move on. Early feedback from publishers was positive, but word was out that supernatural YA was not hot any longer. Pretty depressing when you’ve just completed a supernatural YA.
beneath the frosty embroidery
“Father, those attributes, of foresight, and others, I could not understand as a little boy growing up in the 50s. Slowly, slowly, things became clear to me and to Iddo as we grew older.”
I’d texted someone else completely and I’ve been bothering Etisalat for an entire day because of what is practically my own mistake.
-Did your time working help you when you were writing?
Among the panel participants were: a single, full-timing woman; a single full-timing man; two full-timing couples; a couple who had full-timed for many years but were now extended travelers and two couples (including Vicki and I) who traveled extensively in their RVs but were not full-timers.
Bartholomew recommends leafy vegetables, such as lettuce and spinach, and root crops, such as carrots and onions, for gardens that receive four to six hours of sunlight per day. With six hours or more, his list expands to include fruiting vegetables such as tomatoes and summer squash.
Overall, it was entertaining. If I would have known now what I knew then, I would have waited to see this movie on DVD from Redbox or on Netflix. Note to self — make sure to see the next two movies from the series on Netflix.
So prior to marriage we all tried to get our hands on a copy of Kitaabun Nikaah, read it on the sly, certainly not in front of our parents (even though we’d long been reading Mills and Boon romances in their presence. Contradiction? This is Chaardom we’re talking about.)
In that I can
So here is a good example the road went from freeway,
The 10th Circuit recently ruled that URI's Section 8 property is not in Indian Country, however, Jantz said, the same court ruled in 2001 that Unit One and Section 17 are on Indian Country land. “They're going to have to take a run at the Dine Natural Resources Protection Act to get at those,” he said. “Section 17 is trust land, so it's the equivalent of reservation land; and Unit One is allotted land, and that's squarely under the definition of Indian Country. “
For a moment that looked like eternity time stood still and then a cheer went through the men, with renewed vigour they faced the storm. She was seen walking from man to man slapping them one after the other, with the alterations of the same phrase. The burly man looked on in amazement, he had never seen such a woman before. Irish blood must be special, he thought to himself. I am going to make this one mine, she will bring that fierceness to my blood line. She did not dare walk towards the burly man to give him a smack, that she would do later, she thought to herself.
Product Description
(3 gifts found behind a door today....ok just 2 behind a door and then one of my own)
Oatmeal Stout BBQ sauce.
He Loves it.
For He keeps me safe and sound;
So what I'm seeing trending at the moment is polygon patterns. Angles everywhere, straight edges, squares, diamonds etc. They're conversation pieces and are something different to the usual prints/plain colours we see everywhere in lolita.
Call today and improve your management skills and stand out from the crowd 0845 1307411
by the fact that 2 of my daughter's goals had to do with these state tests-
I had done a search on the internet for pineapple sorbet, and even read the recipes in the manual that came with my ice cream maker, but when I tried the most common recipe I found myself a little disappointed with the results. The majority of those recipes called for a simple syrup made of sugar and water and then mixing lemon juice into the watered down pineapple mixture. Blah… It just didn’t taste right. So, I made my way back to the grocery store for another fresh pineapple and some pineapple juice, to try out my new idea! I figured, if you’d normally add a sugar syrup to pureed pineapple, then it would probably not be much different to use juice instead. Texturally, it came out just the same as the other, but it tasted so much better, and had pure pineapple flavor! I made some chocolate pineapple garnishes to go with my sorbet, but feel free to use any chocolate you’d like with yours. Like a drizzle of chocolate syrup... YUM!!
Travelling further back in time, back to the Iron Age, I reach Anstiebury Camp, a multivallate hillfort dating from the first or second century BC. Strictly speaking, there is no footpath or public access but somehow or other I seem to lose my way (how did that happen?) and head down the access track that leads to the modern covered reservoir at the centre of the site – something of an incongruous and inappropriate use of an ancient monument.
this is quite the tease for me because, we are renting right now. don't get me wrong, i love our apartment. i am in no rush to pick out a house. it's just hard when you rent because you can't paint. and, we dont wanna go buying tons of furniture to make the apartment look like we want when we know it is only short term and when we get a house i am gonna want all new stuff and we will have different needs.
Love & Connection
Content-Type: text/html; charset=iso-8859-7
Hello. I hope you all had a nice long weekend. We did some barbecuing, played outside and shopped for exterior lights. I also started painting a small dresser for my Aunt who is waiting oh so patiently. Today is a beautiful day and it looks like the windows will be open all week. I love having fresh air blowing through the house don't you?
Buy It: You can buy The 3-Day Cleanse for $15.99 US/ $19.99 CAN.
The other read: Here it is...the email you've been waiting for..
Saige - (still crying) Can I have a parrot?
1 horizontal
Kattan says he jumped at the opportunity to do Bollywood Hero because Indian movies make him remember why he wanted to be a film actor.
* University of Utrecht (Netherlands)
“He did some irrational things brought on by extreme exhaustion and dehydration,” she explained. “Many of the attacks against the film were very personal and Jason took them very hard.”
What makes one deeply suspicious is the paucity of data on energy losses for the system, compared with high-efficiency supercritical coal plants, which themselves could deliver up to 40 percent cuts in emissions, compared with existing plants – while needing no taxpayer subsidy.
Love, Thoughts & Wishes, Shane. X
Et se voyant sans coeur, sans style, sans esprit,
Contrary to recent news articles suggesting that the low-salt diets are not helpful studies in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition found that one high salt meal of 1500 mg of sodium (this is at the upper end of the recommendations suggested by the US dietary guidelines for a full-day), reduces the ability of the blood vessels to dilate. Even though blood pressure is not affected, this reduction in dilation ability in healthy people was noted within thirty minutes of the meal.
Defending the Caveman, Blue Man Group, Cirque du Soliel Beatles Love, The Venetian, Caesars Palace, The Mirage, and Madame Tousseds.
Since I didn't have pink sanding sugar and I thought that look might be too heavy for what I had envisioned anyway, I mixed clear edible glitter with red glitter and ground them up with my fingers to make finer grained sparkles. If you put glitter on wet icing it will dissolve. When the icing is dry, make a mixture of meringue powder and water and brush over the pink champagne part avoiding the dragees.
Since this project was just beginning in mid-September in Johnstown, PA, the weather was less than spectacular but for the ad I had in mind, it was perfect. I pulled a group of friends together and headed down to the football field on campus to shoot the next concept. Here’s what it looked like when we got there:
Anyway, then we had the exam. Before the exam I saw Chris with Lottie again. They hugged, but I assumed it was just a ‘good-luck-hug.’ After the exam I walked with them to the Carfax to get the exam. They were being unnaturally close. He was putting his coat on her when it was raining (cos it rained for 2 minutes), and had his arm around her the whole time, which was a little awkward for me. On the bus I sat next to Parker (until he got off at Manning’s Heath), and Sybie was on the seat next to us. Although we did talk as a group, Lottie was mainly talking to Chris, and sat next to him after Cowfold. I chatted to Sybie, about the Geology exam, how she had apparently failed her theory driving exam, and, in a whispered conversation, about what we thought was going on with Chris and Lottie. She had the same suspicions as me. She had heard that Chris and Phoebe had broken up, but I want some more solid evidence, like Facebook for example ;)
I wish I could take credit for this incredible dragon design but the inspiration for this one comes from none other then the cupcake whisperer, Karen Tack. This cupcake design, which I tried my very best to replicate, comes from her latest book, Cupcakes, Cookies & Pie, Oh My!, due out January 31st. I was very fortunate and excited to receive an advanced copy. More about her new book coming soon!
Time is running out.
Denease Conley, 44, New York, N.Y.
The pond is not shaped like a kidney bowl. I wanted to include the remark about the kidneys and so the shape of the pond changed. I also added benches because I needed a bench for my protagonist to sit on. The swans were there already though. Bottom line, it could have been any park anywhere; I never mention it my name nor do I even say what city he is in not that it’s hard to work out.
I am not perfect. I accept this. I have a physical imperfection that came with birth. Most people don’t see it even though it’s right there on my face looking at them. Because it is such a part of who I am, though, I decided to honor it with an art project. It perfectly portrayed my goal to age gracefully by accepting who I am today (and tomorrow, and all the days forthcoming).
These are tough choices about what to prioritize. What’s most important? What are the top ten issues that we should focus on addressing first?
What few indie bookstores I’m aware of have a very small selection and are way the hell out in the sticks. And if you think I’m driving out there when I can just order them online, well …
My hope is that some day scientists will actually find a cure for breast cancer, not just tame the beast.
I wish there had been more time to spoil him. I wish I had noticed sooner that something was wrong so he didn't have to hurt so long. I wish I had known the cancer had spread to his blood so they could have done the medications in a different leg avoiding the burst vein altogether. I wish Brian had been able to be there.
Nature inspires me more than anything really. I love how seasonal changes affect my mood and my color choices. Especially fall. All of the warm hues and the earthy tones mixed with all the layers... Pure bliss.
(And honestly, it's freeing up a lot more time to write. I have several ideas for new books and serieses that I think I'll finally have time to work on next year.)
2. I normally procrastinate preparing until the week of, and then try to cram everything in at the last minute. By starting to prepare now, I can make sure that I am ready to go when it is time to leave.
4. South Korea 4.62
Now using E51 cover the previous colour as in the face and bring out into the centre leaving a small area of white Picture 11 , the next step is difficult to see as the colour is so light, cover the whole area of hair with E50 blending all the colours together as you go Picture 12
As other Ash supporters have stated, she is on a professional break, and her looks shouldn’t have any bearing on her celebrity. This excuse didn’t fly with most commentators in Bollywood as they are only giving her one year to get back to perfection.
Most of you have probably heard that Venus is going to pass in front of the Sun on 6th June this year. Did you know that we, in Australia, have the best view in the world for this event? Look around, there is a lot of information, activities about the event, Apps and organised viewings both streamed online and live. Here is a good place to start;
So, after college, I consciously looked for somewhere I would have to write a lot, quickly, under pressure, reasoning that I might be able to write anything about anything reasonably fluently.
Tröckener Kecks Nu of nooit NL
The first stage of encapsulation has completed successfully. You
The Owl and the Pussy-Cat went to sea
Eliza was amazing. The room really did light up when she came in! I thought the venue was quite echoey - it didn't have the same effect on me as The Rescue Rooms, but at least I wasn't squashed like a sardine this time, or dying from dehydration... and I didn't have tinitus for days afterwards!
Starbrust
If ever I do write a story about a funeral director, I shall feel obligated, I think, to call it "The Impresario."
I believed that I was unworthy and unlovable........
In the 1963 Project Camelot was created that defined process models leading to national revolutions in Third World countries to facilitate counter-insurgence operations. Camelot is a good example of the strengthening ties between behavioural scholars and the US Intelligence community (i.e., intel services, universities, major corporations, think-tanks and the Military). It facilitated interventions in Yemen, Cuba and the Congo, and helped foresee and prevent the risk of revolution.
FG=1.010@72F
“Life is too short for traffic.”
Perfect for Digital Art
I remember being their age, obviously not too long ago. It is still fresh to me. I use that to my advantage. That advantage sometimes scares me as I wonder, how did I make it to where I am today? Yes, I had amazing Young Women's leaders over the years. But my decisions to have a testimony and marry in the temple were mine. My parents were numero uno in my book for examples, then came leaders, and friends. I just hope and pray that we are giving the girls spiritual experiences that allow them to feel the spirit, grow their testimonies and make decisions that will bring them lasting happiness.
I'm off to sleep I have lots to do. I'm looking forward to the weekend and hanging out with friends hope you have something fun planned as well. Enjoy!
removed it.
The person who did not like homosexuality, the person who was the most removed from community building and accountability theories, the person who I never imagined would say anything, was the only person to tell my ex, hey trying to kill yourself because your partner is leaving, that’s messed up and hard on your partner.
Cartier Watches Blog (cartierwatchesblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
maybe 6/7 hours left to go but happy with
My favourite scene would have to be the fight between the Predator and Dutch, now that scene was great from the intricacy of the boyscout style traps set up by Dutch to the Predators Technology and instincts this was then put together with fight choreography. My favourite review “It is so lean, so exciting and so imaginative that you can watch it every month or two, year in and year out, and never get tired of it.” Douglas Pratt. This review is pretty much the reason I think its so good because it never gets old and its so unique an idea. The funniest part would have to be when dutch threw a machete into a bad guy and then stating stick around (Oh Dutch). Now the funny thing is from the trailer I would never have watched it but if you have seen the film then its really funny.
I want to talk a little about our view of the Holy Spirit and on spiritual experience.
1) She doesn’t know any better. Ever since her first boyfriend asked her to, she just assumed that that was normal. Lucky for subsequent guys, this chick thinks not swallowing is weird. Don’t question it, let her live in a parallel universe drowned in semen. If she one day stops swallowing, it’s a sure sign that things are going downhill. Maybe you need to give more, if you want to keep receiving more. How to spot her: She opened her mouth and said “ahhh” from the very beginning. There was no warm up period.
These days, I feel as though I’m going through ‘stuff’ with my writing. There are so many changes in the writing world; so many opportunities, yet so much to do and a gazillion possibilities. I suppose, like the opener to Charles Dickens’ classic, A Tale of Two Cities, it is “the best of times (and…) the worst of times.” Time itself is always an issue and, lately so is my focus. (It kinda sucks. There. “I said it; yes I did,” as syndicated radio host and author Michael Baisden is wont to say.) Story issues. Confidence (or lack of it). Things I’ve yet to learn and others I know I should be putting in motion. Fear of failure. Fear of success.
What a view!
7. It is a down year in the rest of the league, there is no way we can lose.
Did I mention I now have an Etsy shop? No? Ah well, then I clearly won't have mentioned that there is 20% off all my products until the 31st of January will I? That means 20% off notebooks such as these:
The idea, of course, is that if you are not constantly background-checking, you are a sap. In this world view — which I worry is spreading like a fungus — everyone is evil until proven otherwise. That is not only wrong, it leads to the breakdown of community (I look out for you, you look out for me) that actually makes us SAFER.
“Fabulous. I’ve gone from having the nitwit drive me to the idiot,” Tess muttered under her breath.
Corre
Her ordeal began last Wednesday when she returned home from school. She
the hymns were solace only to voice
When I returned home from my guilty but fun jaunt about town, JW was just getting in from his own 7-mile run.
Consumption and retail will change. 3D printing, an enabler of mass-personalization, may threaten the prestige of brands. Much as Internet users became assertive creators of Web 2.0 content, consumers are likely to become creators, or at least adaptors, in the crowd manufacturing cycle. Incessant crowd remixing of brand name items will, at the very least, dilute brands’ cachet. The crowd manufacturing cycle will, at least initially, be good news for consumer choice. The rise of App Store-like libraries of printable objects will create a “long tail” of choice and availability – much as iTunes, Netflix, and Amazon have done for music, film, and books.
10) A 2hr cruise on the Bosphorous river will cost you about 75% less than a beer at the airport.
i once learned this phrase in one of my classes:
So, we are box and stress free and Sammy is a calmer dog friend. But we still have to crate him when we aren't watching him.....just in case.
I am going to speak at the Optimist Club and I am quite optimistic about now.
You were given a side, to Ipasa (Pass) or Ibagsak (Fail) the President’s first year as the commander-in-chief of a country struggling to accept the reality of its extreme social, political, and cultural poverty. The debate, wherein arguments are presented, raised in the form of contentions, supported by credible and reliable facts, opinionated with an understanding that emulates critical thinking; a debate WE were expecting that DID NOT occur.
God-initiative, God-provisions.
1 choosing
whipped cream
Level 1: Mastery: +56%, Weapon ATT: +1, Minimum Critical Damage: +1%.
Horror Express was filmed mostly without sound, with effects and voices dubbed into the film later. Christopher Lee, Peter Cushing and Telly Savalas all provided their own voices for the English market.
so much work ahead
“I’ve got morning breath,” he said, covering his mouth with the blanket.
Rosie and Dash are already asking to go back! I know there are many other wonderful, educational vacation spots out there, but Philly is just far enough away to feel slightly exotic and just close enough for a day trip. There are still plenty of spots there that we haven't seen yet, so until the kids insist they've had too much of Philly, it's an awesome destination for us.
2010.09.06 Algeria Skikda 3 2 al-Qaeda murder three local cops with a roadside bomb.
Exercise: Lots of housecleaning - got down and scrubbed the floors
There are a lot of ways to sell beer in this state, but the easiest is to make them big and hoppy. It helps if you're conveniently located in East Portland--though Eugene seems like a pretty good location, too. A sure-fire business model includes a pub/taproom and capacity to distribute 22-ounce bottles and/or kegs to alehouses around the Northwest. Do that and your road is lined with rose petals.
Thy bright torch of love; thy radiant crown
I found some beautiful glass jars at the dollar store and I wanted to alter them to match my craft studio which is very shabby chic :) I love to use these jars to store my buttons. I used beautiful Iamroses flowers and vintage laces that I've been collecting. I also made some handmade flowers to put on top of the lid. These were a lot of fun to alter and I hope you all like them!!
This year our brides will have the option to choose between two wedding themes.
Gordon’s real interest in history is in the stories of ordinary people, of how those stories are uncovered and perceived now and of whether we ever actually get to the truth of any situation.
May the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace as you trust in him, so that you may overflow with hope by the power of the Holy Spirit. Romans 15:13, NIV
today i had a siding guy come and work up an estimate for new siding, awnings and other lil things that go along with refacing a house (sofats, gutters, drain pipes) .. time to save for 2012 and so my outside looks like the inside - the contractor even said "wow when i pulled up i had no idea the inside of your house would look like THIS" - major compliment! - but first up is to get a new roof on my back porch ...
Last but not least is our resident blog of the year caretaker, Greg the Night Owl. I mentioned in the title of this post that I had a new favorite card. Well here it is, a 1994 Score Daryl Boston. Um yeah just kidding, even though that is a great photo and knocks one more card off that set's want list. Of course I am talking about the DANTE BICHETTE BAT CARD!!!!!!!!!!! It is the only Bichette relic that is on the market, or at least the only Rockies one. It commemorates Dante hitting for the first cycle in Rockies history in 1998 against the Texas Rangers. Your cards are on the way as I write this, Greg. Thank you for making me find a new white whale.
Yes I have two! One on my lower back and the other on my left ankle.
In this science fiction anthology, 4 for the Future (1959), Groff Conklin, the prolific sci-fi editor (and possessor of an excellent name) brings together strong stories by Poul Anderson ("Enough Rope," 1953), Theodore Sturgeon ("The Claustrophile," 1956), Henry Kuttner ("The Children's Hour," 1944), and Eric Frank Russell ("Plus X," 1956).
My dear husband
And so the call is like the seductive Sirens’ call to Homer’s Odysseus/Ulysses as he journeyed home after the 10 year Trojan Wars. It’s lure is too much for both characters as their journals relate and they fall into Secret Societies and Initiation; but not fully by their agreement and permission willingly…
Total Cost: $1.34
“I hope he gives me a sign next year.”
Poetry words
Yes, you can have a Sith with certain Light-side tendencies, or Jedi with Dark-side sensibilities. Apparently this is “in the lore” and canonical. I’m no student of the Star Wars expanded universe (books, comics, etc.), but going by the films alone I can liken this to Darth Vader offering Luke the chance to join him rather than simply destroying his Jedi son, or Luke allowing his anger, rage really, to nearly overtake him during his final duel with Vader.
4 correct
2: skillful handling of a situation: adroit maneuvering
We are professors who teach in universities across this country. We are appalled at the advertisement by the David Horowitz Freedom Center (Op-Ed page, April 24, 2012) which compares the international movement for Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions against Israel (BDS) to the Holocaust and ancient blood libels. It also asks that professors who support it be “publicly shamed and condemned.” It grossly distorts the statements of such professors, which are publicly available online and can be verified.
Tryndamere: I’m sure you boys will get along just fine.
The vampire and human leaders are killed. Cassandra is missing. Daniel is the acting king. Desperate to find the princess, Daniel and his friends fight their way across the besieged city. With the hopes of the free world resting on the shoulders of four vampire teenagers, væmpires unleash their secret weapons: a new breed of væmpire that is far deadlier than any ever seen before.
It took a while for the Icelandic audience to realize that Silvía Night was a fictional character and not just a mad woman in search of attention. The actress, Ágústa Eva, is more often referred to as Silvía Night than with her real name.
If we take up any form of higher Yoga practice, pranayama, mantra or meditation, we are likely to have various experiences, some of which may be quite dramatic. These experiences may be spiritual,
Landing and parking charges will rise in three stages over three years.
Now that my new job comes with its own office for me, I've begun debating how this affects me should I have some smelly farts. For instance, by being alone in my office, I have the privacy and confidentiality that nobody will know what I've done. However, if someone were to walk IN my office soon after, well then I'm busted. Nobody to blame it on, unlike a scenario where there's a room full of cubicles.
I've been thinking a lot about motivation lately. I've got dreams (some big and some small) and my motivations are what I use to propel me towards attaining them. What’s interesting to me is how much my inspirations have changed over the years. The things that motivated me back in high school are indeed a far cry from the things that get me revved up today. For that alone I am grateful!
WIN IT:
Makes me worry some
reject you.
Means: "I have actually severed a limb, but will bleed to death before I admit that I'm hurt."
Disappointment is a Victorian concept in my opinion. It’s like saying ‘It’s not fair!’ When disappointment occurs, the fault lies with the disappointee not the disappointer. People will not change their behaviour because you are disappointed; they will change it if the penalty for not doing so is severe enough.
Six years ago, after the second amputation, she moved into a nursing home in California close to her daughters.
Nowhere is this clearer than in the exaggerated smiles, winks and expressions of its two leads.Jean Dujardin is a revelation in the title role. A dead-ringer for Walt Disney – with trimmed moustache, brimming smile and brylcreemed hair – he exudes charm and sophistication with seemingly no effort at all. Somehow, he’s able to turn his character George Valentine’s cockiness into a virtue. It’s a wonder to behold. Such is the power of his onscreen presence that he is able to carry the film for 100 minutes with only one line of audible dialogue. And as the last act neared its conclusion (with me hopelessly captivated by its exuberant final flourish), I couldn’t help but think that, in some way, his whole life must have prepared him for this role. (Yes, of course, I know this is probably fancy, but still…when it works cinema makes you forget yourself.)
To Market, To Market
~ What can you deny? In the case of Zipcar the company did not need to see the customer or complete paperwork. And, it started renting by the hour. consumers liked the process since they no longer needed to wait in line, fill out papers, listen to pressure to upgrade or add all kinds of insurance. Customers simply apply for membership and they can reserve vehicles online.Try focusing on something that you take for granted at your business and use Luke Williams' steps to see what hatches.
Write a story, one hundred words or fewer, using these words:
There may ultimately be an up-side to this incident, however. I really should be writing more about food and beer pairings. Maybe this will serve as inspiration.
HAI: Why are central banks becoming net buyers of gold?
Imagine!
We stopped in Makawao, a small rustic town with art galleries and eclectic boutiques. For a light snack we ate spam musubi (fried spam on top of formed rice, wrapped with nori – seaweed – and pressed together) that we brought from the local grocery store. Spam is a staple in Hawaii from WWII. We visited some of the stores and Tony picked up some local hot sauces.
In a bow to the Western sensibilities (and sweet teeth - not mine, I swear I didn't steal the missing one) in the room, French macarons were offered as an addendum to the fruit.
Understanding for the first time that Gina and Pete had not wanted to give her up, Dawn decided to contact them. Incredibly, their contact details on her files were still valid nearly 25 years later. Dawn says: ‘They invited me for dinner and cried as they explained how distraught they had been to give me up.
Vice President: Michael Murakami Hou
Copics
Please see my information below and a picture of my four amazing children:
So it's that time again...time to reevaluate myself and make some adjustments.
“At Last”
Huge changes and too much sameness.....
It's a very popular concept with a bunch of different companies offering beauty boxes all across the world.
While you guys back home in England have been experiencing extremely cold weather, it’s been unbearably hot over here. Just when I thought I was getting used to the heat, enjoying it even, it went up a few notches.
Here´s a close up of her:
Lifeboats For the Dead. This hardly ever gets a mention which is a shame. I know Furtheron likes this song a lot, probably more than any other, but in the scheme of things it doesn't get a look in. It's a song about a dream that I had about my dad who died ten years before. It was my first dream of him. I recall that I was out and about getting my wife's ring mended and I was thinking at the time how much I wanted to write a song that featured a 'magic ship' and Bam! Right between the eyes floods back a 'closure' dream that I'd had a while ago about my old man. The lyric accurately reflects everything in that dream. Nothing was made up. I rushed back to my desk and wrote it down really fast. And cried. Great big sobs. I sent it to Sam and asked for his opinion. He suggested that it had great quality. I took it home and showed it to Mrs. Axe and watched her shoulders heave upon finishing it. Sam then demo'd it and I cried my eyes out at it. It seemed to bring my old man to life again in the song. Then it kind of suddenly died, just like him. Nobody wanted to touch it. "Let's just leave it alone as an acoustic song" they said. I was heartbroken. I shall be forever indebted to the lads for recording this song and for putting it on the album as the closing track. I still cry out loud every time I hear it, and I am more than delighted at having sung backing vocals on it. Thanks lads. From my heart.
have to do with anything?
My best friend from high school is an atheist.
which has ties to the Ford Motor Company. The Ford Motor Company is
Smiles to brighten your day
“Tunku Abdul Rahman was the beginner… who started things.
Some see Him walking from an empty grave
Alfred W.Crosby's 'Ecological Imperialism, the biological expansion of Europe, 900-1900 ' (Cambridge University Press, 1986) reads as if Jared Diamond's uncle Fester is on a roll.
Why am I not happy?
Belding
I have friends who make 7 layer rainbow cakes (well, one friend) and plan on their meals for the week on Sundays. I can only make an elaborate dish or fancy dessert if the following conditions are present: 1) I am not hungry; 2) I have five hours of uninterrupted free time; and 3) people are coming over. Otherwise, I make grilled cheese or ice cream.
Besides beating estimates on iPhone sales, Apple sold 11.8 million units of its Apple iPad tablet, short of the 12-13 million tablets that Wall Street expected to be sold
The earth circumference is 24,901.55 miles long. Assuming that I hopped down to the equator and started walking east, further assume that folks didn’t mind me slogging through their living room and that whole “walking on water” trick was already down pat, it would take me 12.44 years to circumnavigate the globe. Not quite 80 days like Phileas enjoyed, but still a distance that I feel I can accomplished. I’ll just do it in small chunks. Maybe if I got a balloon…
the MITM has decided that he really does have work that MUST be done, so he's leaving the blogging to me (ok, for today anyway) again!
Follow this link for all the info on the documentary. It will actually play again this week (Thursday, March 22) so you can catch it live if you would like.
My husband gave me my birthday present a few days early this week and so I took it as the perfect opportunity to get cleaning! He made me a peg board similar in concept to one I saw in Paper Crafts Practical Solutions for Paper Crafters. I asked him to make one that would go with my office and here is what he made:
It’s definitely an interesting experiment. Whichever way it goes this lemur feels it’s worth seeing how it plays out, because it might just tell us more about the state of the gamer community.
Downloading the splits from the run and seeing that mile 19 was at marathon pace, and mile 20 at 50 seconds faster than marathon pace was a nice confidence boost. I really wan't trying to push the pace - I aim for 30-60 seconds slower average throughout the run. It is good to know that I still had energy at the end.
As much as I salute Greg Smith for his courage to place his resignation letter in the public domain, I think the rest of us mortal souls will prefer more down-to-earth advice on how to quit a job.
H - Time takes a cigarette, puts it in your mouth...
Our sponsor this week is Pizzazz Aplenty and you need to visit that shop, some very cool items are in stock. And please do visit our home page where you can read Rebekka's thoughts on her chosen verse and see some great creations from the rest of the design team.
"Our freedom will be meaningless and not complete if we do not go back and rewrite our history as we know it and correct the wrongs in the history that was written by colonialists who oppressed us," Zuma told the crowd.
That's Coraline on my index (far left) and ring fingers; the OPI on my middle and pinky. At some angles in some lights, I could almost convince myself one was darker or one was more opaque, but finally decided it was more likely that on some nails I had a slightly heavier touch with the three coats.
Heavenly cloud sculptures.
Did your fine art training influence your writing of THE BLACKHOPE ENIGMA? You obviously have a love of the arts and your writing is highly visual, did any real-life paintings influence the choices you made in creating your world?
The Bridge Road B2 Bomber and the Bright Staircase Porter were well supported but the clear winner was the Bridge Road Bier de Garde on handpump at Tanswell’s commercial Hotel. As too what was the funniest/scariest/most embarrassing moment from the weekend ... well, you know, what happens on tour STAYS on tour!
The Malaysian Consultative Council of Buddhism, Christianity, Hinduism, Sikhism and Taoism (MCCBCHST) had yesterday urged Najib to be “the leader of a responsible government that practices what it preaches.”Bishop Dr Paul Tan Chee Ing praised an interfaith group for urging Prime Minister Najib Razak to end what the head of the Catholic Church in the Melaka-Johor said was the “PM’s deafening silence” on pressing issues concerning inter-religious harmony.
I was once a stranger, now more familiar
“What did I tell you about biting yourself?”
Although every country has its share of glory seekers, India has really taken to this particular form of chest thumping. Guinness says applications from India are up 178% over the last five years, making it the world’s third-most active nation of wannabes, after the U.S. and Britain, with actual records up almost fourfold. Guinness has just appointed a Mumbai-based representative to manage the crowds of record seekers, with plans to open a full office next year.
As I attempted to make clear, that is completely untrue. And it is completely untrue. So I just want to make totally clear, Reade Seligman’s DNA was not found, so far as we know, anyway—so far as anybody knows—on the accuser. Totally false.
My mother is in early onset dementia, or so we think. We've noticed the changes over the passing years--rapid anxiety, forgetfulness, mood swings, fear, she forgets to eat and misplaces things all the time assuming they've been stolen. Tomorrow, I'll take her to see a neurologist and we'll begin the process of being officially diagnosed. She doesn't want to go. She's afraid of what she'll hear, admitting that she'd rather just go on in innocent ignorance.
He should have been absolutely petrified in the presence of his girlfriend, police with guns and Dora. Poor poor Dora, all dressed up and nowhere to go but to the county lock up. Not exactly the night she’d planned. If either of these were my children, I’d be so ashamed. First, what in the devil was Dora doing meeting a stranger at his house at that time of the morning? Hasn’t she heard about murderers and rapists? And Kevin? What a looser. I hope the two-timing wimp has some redeeming qualities. So far none have been reported. I hope his girlfriend kicks his butt out and the police charge him with lying and being stupid. And I hope desolate Dora takes him to Judge Judy. That fine jurist would just burn the hair off his ears!
And as is the case with all the good things I blog about here, I’m not selling anything—I’m just having fun sharing some of the inspiring stuff that makes life a little more full of wonder and joy—and handcrafted all organic-ingredient chocolate is right up there near the top of that Sweet Life list.
I have a wild, out of control, exciting, crafty, overly organized life and I love to share it with others with my blog! Thanks for stopping by!
Anyone can play golf, but only a few will put in the time needed to truly perfect their game. Apply what you learned in this article to become a better player.
I grew up in the country...well forest mostly...so when I first saw Tim's tag it reminded me of times I spent running through the woods as a child and the old, wooden barns and rickety old houses along the way were of course my hide outs. I think growing up like this is what has given me a love for antiquities and all things vintage. I love old, patina laden things that have a story behind them. So naturally, I wanted my tag to look vintage like the side of a barn out in the country, but also colorful, like the findings on a glorious Spring day.
Also, recidivism rates in Texas are already far lower than in other states because we tend to incarcerate more low-risk offenders who were unlikely to commit more serious crimes in the first place. So recidivism reduction could never be as dramatic as what Labbe cites because Texas' overall three-year recidivism rate hovers at about 28%, roughly half the national average. (See this LBB report - large pdf.) When recidivism rates start out so much lower, any reduction will be less significant, by definition.
Now all this is completely irrational. I'm going to work hard on facing up to it all before the trip in various ways. AVOIDANCE will not happen! However an ace up my sleeve is that at all times I will be with people who know this stuff and know all I need is to calm down and take it easy. I hope I will not need their assurances but know that they will be there if I need them
This dagger ended up in the hands of one of our notorious rogues. We won’t discuss why he was notorious. At any rate, he equipped his shiny new dagger and proudly carried it into our next raid. We ooh’d and ahh’d a bit over the Ember, but otherwise we didn’t think about it much…
Here is the most disturbing revelation. Beyond, Ray J being a bad clone of Bobby Brown’s bad boy image of 20 years ago, it has been long speculated and chronicled that Ray J, at minimum is a drug user, quite possibly a drug abuser. In September of last year, in an incident that occurred between him and Rapper Fabolous, many in the industry, including Fab himself, believes that Ray J was under the influence of more than a couple of bottles of Cristal at the bar, when the argument occurred.
The "Your Money...My Vacation" coffee mug. Each time you use this handsome china coffee mug, you'll be reminded of your mission. At $10.99, you can't beat that.
Welcome to my first SAVORY SATURDAY post. As mentioned in a previous post, I make a five meal plan and order all my groceries through Pea Pod. It saves me time, since my DH work different shifts and I home alone with Anthony and Balboa. I cook at night and freeze the meals into smaller one person dinners.
A knowledge of the American roots of Mussolini's Fascism helps to explain a puzzle: That, aside from its basic nationalism and Leftism, Fascism was something of a hodge podge of ideas. This feature of Fascism (noted, for instance, in an article by Beichman) is commonly used by Leftists to dismiss the idea that there is anything worth studying or describing in Fascism at all. As it says here: "Fascism has traditionally been characterized as irrational and anti-intellectual, finding expression exclusively as a cluster of myths, emotions, instincts, and hatreds". But if it was so loose, unsystematic and illogical, how come it was so popular? How come it had major branches in most of Europe (including England), much of South America and even in China (Sun Yat Sen and Chiang Kai Shek)? For an incoherent set of ideas it certainly inspired a lot of copycats and generally did a remarkable job of tipping the world on its ear!
The Asian Art Museum blog has a post on the dragon images in their collection and another on Chinese New Year's Food which I am also researching for a future post. They encouraged us to post about our favorite dragons in the collection. There are so many that I love that I don't know where to start.
The owner of the farm, Mr Gerhard du Plessis, was well-acquainted with this couple, and apparently allowed them to live on the property rent-free. This arrangement continued for nearly 12 years, until the farmer decided that it was time the tenants had to be evicted, to make place for his two sons Jaen (26) and Cobus (28).
“There are about 1200 containers of pyrochemical salt scrap, and a few hundred containers of miscellaneous scrap. LANL has active capabilities for processing nearly all forms of plutonium scrap and, with the exception of salts, has generally not allowed a large backlog to accumulate.” (Section II-C). “LANL has the only general purpose plutonium processing capability in the Complex that is fully operational at this time.” (Section IV-B).
Underwater, for days and daze pretend
His black-painted eyes lit up
The white porcelain skin
Brooks recommends that if people want to switch out of Adrenalines into something more minimal that the Pure Cadence is the way to go. I absolutely LOVE the way the Cadence looks. I ordered a pair of them. While I was surfing the net for running shoes - I ran across a pair of clearance Saucony Kinvaras (size 5) for $30. I couldn't pass up that deal!!!
Gert here…what we see here is an example of the angry adoptees’ tactic of ‘tag-teaming’. Joan wants it to appear that a second angry adoptee is on that thread and so she uses her created alter ego…pilgrim. But if you were to look at the profiles of these two (halforphan and pilgrim) you will find that halforphan only joined that site about 2 weeks before and that Pilgrim only about 2 HOURS before he/she/it posted! And Joan wants everyone to believe that she has another friend! So pilgrim brings attention to the ‘hate’ that has been posted by birthsibling’s posts and as a ‘throw-away’ mentions eldestbirthsibling’s posts. Joan NEVER answers to the charges against her, by her siblings, she by-passes it all and focuses on the ‘hate’ and brings out the ‘terms’ of the thread, totally ignoring that halforphan (HO) herself has violated the same terms BEFORE the siblings came on the thread.
Till then, Salute!
Thanks for all the support. Please stay tuned for the giveaway and continue the love you give me and my blog x
Even Tamil film directors too seem to be enjoying the benefits of the remake craze. While the most recent example is director Samuthirakani, who is now looking at remaking his yet-to-be released Poraali in Hindi, currently, there is a crop of filmmakers who are planning to take the remake route, as a shortcut to Bollywood. The list includes Gautham Vasudev Menon (remaking Vinnaithaandi Varuvaayaa as Ek Deewana Tha), Sushi Ganesh (remaking Thiruttu Payale as Shortcut Romeo), Lingusamy, (who is planning to remake Paiyya) and Raghava Lawrence (planning a remake of Kanchana). Talking about why he wants to do Poraali in Hindi, Samuthrakani says, “My film has a universal theme extolling the virtues of compassion. So, it will work well in Hindi as well.”
A red-haired woman in Raggedy Ann leggings
WHAT ARE THE RULES?
You know, people ask me all the time, “Are you talking about something that’s interdimensional?” And I say that depends on how you define dimension, because technically we live in a three-dimensional world—well, what would a four-dimensional world look like? See, a four-dimensional reality would be a fourth dimension of space. So when people talk about dimensional, they’re usually talking about parallel realities somehow intersecting.
at times there is a darkness, bleak. stagnant.
Once it was all stuck together I finished it off by spritzing with some more Basic Gray ink.
“So the talkin’ gorilla comes to pay ol’ Ma Hibberd a visit!” she cackled. “I seen stranger things than thee, my hairy one. Whatcha want?”
First things first: I am not normally a printable maker. I don't have fancy software, nor do I know how to use fancy software. BUT, I had an idea and I successfully figured out how to make it using what I have on my computer. I thought I might share my process with you...just in case you're not normally a printable maker either ;)
Some crafters have expressed a wish to become more comfortable with this type of card making and would welcome 'constructive criticism'. We are happy to do this, but would not wish to offend in any way at all. Sometimes the view of another person can focus one's own perception of one's work.
The Khmer Rouge government arrested, tortured and eventually executed anyone suspected of belonging to several categories of supposed “enemies“:
Actually here it is layered over black:
A sold out crowd braved the elements to see Swedish synth rockers Miike Snow last week, crowding into Oakland’s Fox Theaterto escape a very active lightning storm that lit up the Bay Area night. Once inside, people were lulled into a false sense of security after escaping the torrential rainy weather, but this sense of calm was quickly shattered as Miike Snow appeared and started up an indoor electrical storm of their own. People’s excited conversations were immediately cut short as pulsing strobe lights kicked in to illuminate fronts of thick, vision-clouding fog. A thunderous, ground shaking bass note echoed through the venue, and the crowd was swept away by the flowing music that began to cascade down from the front of the room.
Thank you so much for the well wishes. I am MUCH better after a really HORRIBLE bacterial infection. I felt *almost* normal this week and finally feel like myself now! They did find out (just by chance) that I also have gall stones and my doctor is recommending that I get my gall bladder taken out this summer. The fun never ends around here. I can't decide if it was the age of 33 or having a child, but my body has officially fallen apart! I have issues with my thyroid, right foot and now my gall stones! Yeesh!
01. Emanuelle's theme (02:41)
It’s the album you put on in those moments that set the mood.
Tears falling from her eyes,
**And, don't take it to a seamstress. It must roll on them or something because it cost $20 for the 3 backgrounds to be serged! They were also a lot smaller when I got them back. But, they still looked nice and I know the way my girls are with theirs so I hope they like them too.
Now, I am not the biggest University of Kentucky fan, in fact I am probably the person you don’t want to talk to when it comes to their sports team. In fact 95% of the time, this guy right here can’t stand the fans and the team. A little background, if you don’t know, I live in the heart of Wildcat Nation in Lexington, KY. Honestly, I can’t stand the UK fans or the school for the most part, just due to their cocky attitudes. Then last night happen and all the things that came with it.
JULIANNA MARGULIES / Alicia Florrick – “THE GOOD WIFE” (CBS)
To introduce this piece would be an exercise in futility as well as boring and pointless. So, I won’t introduce it. I’ve decided to add this intro graph, which is itself boring and pointless because that’s the way I write. Some advice on writing that one already-successful author listed was to write like you were writing to a friend, not a peer or adversary or teacher. Some better advice would be to write without trying to do anything, the only real writing and the only good writing is writing that transfers from your neurons to your nerves and into your fingers, or hand if you’re writing long form, with ease and with honesty. The moment you start trying to do something that didn’t already occur to you is the moment you failed as a writer.
Last Updated: 03-19-2010
Yeah, I guess. You know, these are not cookies for me. They are for my friends and coworkers. And I'm a good cook. I'm not going to kill my coworkers with a cloud of Altoid sugar cookies. He's used to making giant batches in a stand mixer for a bakery. This is not a bakery.
Now that student postings for the semester are coming to an end for the semester, I can update the blog with things that alarm me regarding Microbiology. Hence this posting from the Centers for Disease Control regarding a recent Campylobacter jejeuni outbreak from an unsuspected source. I also just noticed that this is the 200th posting on YCPMicro, so it seems appropriate to note this momentous occasion with some truly horrific imagery of the danger of microorganisms and their reservoirs.
A:�Valets don't forget where they park your car.
It delivers ideas on how to communicate with everyone from your band mates to people in the industry. It will make you consider whose advice you are listening to and what you can take away from every person you come across and every book you read, as well as what you should leave behind. It will make you question what you want, what you can do and what you need to do today, next week, next month, and next year.
They may seem a bit frilly and feminine, but think how fabulous they'd be paired with a stripe or geometric print! And of course I can't be on Fabric.com without finding all kinds of other possibilities. These are sitting in my Shopping Cart for consideration right now:
And what are the kids gonna do once they grow up and realize that something's actually need a brain, passion and heart if they wanna see something through to the end! Get off the fuckin' sofa and open your bloody eyes you massing herds of sheep! But I'm not just knocking the kids, the grown-ups can be just as passive, brainwashed and pig fuckin' ignorant!
But we both know that's bullshit.
TADAA!
– Nineteen Eighty-Four
Feeling softness in and all around her
0445- Get home, get back in bed, and attempt to go back to sleep.
This one differs in that a young girl is on the brink of losing childhood innocence. Seems that other children at school have instilled doubt in her about whether Saint Nicholas (Santa Claus) is real or not.
Dual monitoring is a very efficient way for individuals to get their work done. Whatever you may use the two monitors for, it allows you to separate applications for your convenience and ease of use. This concept has been around for over a decade and manufacturers are just now coming up with solutions that provide the same efficiency in a more spacious design.
"You're doing a grand job of that cleaning, I've got a whole pile of pots for you to do at mine, love"
We are sponsored this week by the lovely Mary & our very own Andrea who of course are the one / two and only
Work on wedding programs
The schedule of solar generation shall be given by the generator based on availability of the generator, weather forecasting, solar insolation, season and normal solar generation curve and shall be vetted by the RLDC in which the generator is located and incorporated in the inter-state schedule. If RLDC is of the opinion that the schedule is not realistic, it may ask the solar generator to
Along with having LOTS of GREAT recipes...the book also has little helpful tidbits as well as really cute one-line sayings mixed in. I loved that aspect of the cookbook!!
The plane previously flew over the Rolls-Royce factory in July 2010 following an appearance at the Farnborough air show. A Boeing spokesman said Rolls-Royce was one of 12 UK suppliers involved in the manufacture of….
AND THE BIGGY!!!! READY??? HERE IT IS……….for the first time in all my years of scouting, I am under the weight requirements for ALL, yes ALL scouting adventures. I CAN GO AND DO ANYTHING!!! White water rafting, Sky Diving, Scuba, rock climbing, ANYTHING!!! I am so excited, I’ve never worried about it because some of that stuff our troop doesn’t do but you just never know, now that I can, I just might start looking into some of the other wonders of scouting and more!
My card is in the colours of Neapolitan ice cream, as this is what I thought of when I saw the photo inspiration at Stampin Royalty #110
That's my new goal for 2012 and going forward.
Other - Lace, Pin, Pearls and Gems from stash, all Edges distressed with TH Vintage Photo DI, Numbers cut with Slice machine.
The proceeds of our fund-raisers is used to address capital and operation cost that the garden incurs seasonally, including: paying for insurance and water usage, purchasing assorted materials (wood, fencing, special plants), and other fees. These fund enables The Clifton Place Garden to continue to meet it commitment of being a green oasis for the community in this corner of Clinton Hill, Brooklyn.
When we have emotional or mental issues, such as a disempowering thought or an unexpressed emotion, or if we stay in unsupportive or abusive relationships, or stay in unhealthy living conditions or environment, there is an imbalance or a build-up of negative or low-vibrating energy. The normal flow of energy is blocked. The build-up of this blocked energy manifests eventually as illness in the physical body.
What to pack?
To cover newspapers
Sam Stein.
The Oak Ridge National Laboratory Integrated Data Base for 1994 (U.S. Spent Nuclear Fuel and Waste Inventories, Projections and Characteristics) lists the following annual and cumulative production of plutonium-239 in commercial nuclear power spent fuel (This is the same plutonium isotope the DOD report cited above has been tracking for weapons production plutonium inventories):
This weekend, I watched the movie version. I find that my reaction to the novel has changed somewhat. I am now entertaining the idea that perhaps James found women to be incapable of making good decisions when allowed to have freedom to do so. The entire premise of the novel is based on the idea that Isabel does not want to marry but instead wants to be independent and travel. This is all made possible upon the death of her uncle, who leaves her a fortune at her cousin Ralph’s urging.
This space, however, feels different to me. Even without all of our furniture, it's warmer, cozier--more like "home." It just has good bones, I guess you could say. When I think about decorating it, I want it to feel more relaxed, comfortable, easy.
So I must get going.
That is because, the inward migration honey pot created by a free for all Welfare state is one of the many ways by which a further act fitting the description of genocide has been committed. That is the deliberate infliction on the targeted group of conditions of life, calculated to bring about its physical destruction in whole or in part.
The experience of the mind, body and world in the waking state becomes more and more like the experience of them in the dream state. It loses its apparently independent, solid and separate reality, and is understood and experienced instead to be a dreamlike superimposition upon awareness.
We are the Graywalkers, we move between the darkness and the light, keeping an eye on black hats and white hats alike. We keep the universal balance of justice when one side steps out of line.
he's a cyclist, and when you bonk basically you've depleted your body so much that you just can't go on.
And our most vital piece of advice is to discuss all decisions and plans with your fiance' and enjoy every moment. While the decisions may seem stressful at the time, it is how you come to the decisions together as a unit that foreshadows so much of what is to come in your marriage. And taking the time to stay present through it all makes the process that much more enjoyable. Which is probably why I was filled with tears of nostalgia and joy as I flipped through my wedding album for the first time this weekend, a month before the marking of our first anniversary together!!
Foxhill Activity Club, Mondays, Tuesdays & Wednesdays 3.30pm-5pm at Wolfe Road Healthy Living Centre – positive activities for children and young people in Foxhill. Activities include arts and craft, cooking sessions, expressive arts. Cost: FREE Contact: Linda Sewell, Foxhill Forum – 0114 231 5522
This second card was very simple, but I love how it turned out. We trimmed 1" from the edge of our card and added a coordinating patterned paper along that inside edge, added a die cut (QuicKutz) and a simple tag (yep, we used that 1" piece we trimmed off!) with a Hero Arts stamp. An eyelet and some twine finish this sweet card off. Doesn't it look like the die and those papers were made for each other!? Love it when that happens!
Down syndrome also, as I understand it, puts Finn at a higher risk already of developing autism. I just couldn’t justify taking the risk; if by some chance he sustained a neurological injury because of a vaccine, I don’t know how I would live with that – with something that could be prevented. So we opted not to have any vaccines administered to him. Once the decision was made, I felt completely relieved and at peace with it. I have felt perfectly comfortable with our decision: he’s not in daycare or school, so is not exposed to lots of other children anyway, and his siblings are immunized, so they won’t be bringing home polio or rubella or whatnot.
Actually raining season is around the corner. However, thanks to the plenty riches of Ghana, I feel like I've outgrown this positive Ghana-centric "Rain in Africa"-blog. Since a little while, I have been working on a new blog and today I am moving to wordpress and to a new blogging concept (or should I say "launching"?).
Now there are tiny fruit – which might still drop since I don’t know if the flowers were pollinated or not. But I did see many bees visiting my little tree after I moved it to ground level. I guess not many bees visit the second floor often!
I'm always looking for novels written in the male perspective. So I was really excited to hear about Tempest when I found out it was told in Jackson's perspective. I thought his voice sounded natural and he had an interesting point of view. In the beginning, I found myself less than excited to know him as he seemed like a jerk. But as the novel wore on, I did enjoy that he started to change. His growth was without a doubt, one of my favorite parts of the novel. While the fact that he was rich could have made everything too easy for Jackson, he never made anything easy for himself which made up for his ultra-wealth.
We are supposed to be getting another 3-5 inches of snow tomorrow starting at 3:00 and I'm just not that adventurous to head out into it. I'd rather stay at home and blog, read or write. OLD OLD OLD huh?
Unlike our tribal ancestors, there are very few rites of passage to adulthood for boys in the modern age. Getting drunk with a few pals is hardly up there with killing a wild boar with your bare hands, or being ritually circumcised with a flint knife.
I love him even more because he let's Ethan crawl all over him and couldn't care less. :)
Selling Price Now: $3 .50 per set
She "liked" me on Facebook
against the practices of the
lips upon your truth.
If you can be in Lancaster (at your own expense, sorry – it is a charidee gig) on March 1st and you feel you know your beer then get in touch.
upon which nothing sails.
So it’s understandable that the hearing held Friday attracted modest press coverage. To Reuters, the story was Brodsky’s provocative but somewhat theoretical suggestion that the city consider using eminent domain to condemn Madison Square Garden to effectuate a version of the Moynihan Station project. To the New York Observer, the story was MTA chief Lee Sander’s suggestion that the agency might add bus rapid transit or light rail to the West Side district, on top of the 7 line subway extension. WNYC radio reported a related story about how the Moynihan project, if it adds capacity for Amtrak, could draw additional federal funds.
When he eventually walked through the door he was, indeed, a bringer of good fortune, with the biggest smile I've seen in ages and which, amazingly, I happened to catch mid-grin on my camera.
And it will. Our beer list’s carbon footprint is about to dramatically lessen.
Be courteous to others on the road
I tell her she never likes what I like.
This was the first demo experience for several of the people who came. Stay tuned for info on future teach-ins, demos, etc.
I found something light to read for a change, Star Island by Carl Hiaasen (a Miami Herald columnist), and I loved the madness of it all. With character names like Cherry Pye, Skink and Chemo, you know it has to be a little crazy...and any book that mentions Hialeah and a few of my local hangouts can't be dull. I loved it!
Let me not forget to mention - she also has the head of a bull. I’ve discovered this wench will take an ass-whippin’ without a care in the world - if it means having a good time with her own “ bucket list. “
The web is a great place for amateur and experienced astronomers to learn more about stars, planets, comets, galaxies, and other celestial objects. Here are 10 free education resources that almost any astronomer will benefit from.
Velva Jean Learns to Fly by Jennifer Niven – Velva Jean’s aspirations to sing at the Grand Old Opry have changed even though she taught herself to drive and drove away from her husband and the North Carolina mountains where she was raised. The outbreak of World War II and flying lessons taken with her brother prompt her to become an American service member – or does she? As this book unfolds, we see the story of women’s struggles to obtain rights and see that the obstacles to equality came in so many different forms and from so many different sources. A great read to celebrate Women’s History Month. Recommended by Marian N.
May 27 – Sunshine Theater (Albuquerque, NM) *
Melting in your mouth
He did.
I took an awful lot of photos so I’m splitting the post up into #1 Flowers, #2 Lake, #3 Trees. There might be more, but that’s it for the moment.
Then a woman walked in.
Q.: What reading for pleasure do you prefer to read standalones or a series? Why?
Today I'm going to share how I'm building my garden soil. Below is what our soil looks like before I begin building it. Yeah, mostly sand. Last year I tried this method on my tomatoes and it worked so well I'm going to use it everywhere.
Take Care All, and a new Memoires post will follow shortly...
Z. Planeboss
There are several reasons why I'm stepping back now--let's call it an indefinite hiatus--and chief among them are that I'm trying to explore more interests for which I've not made enough time over the last few years. I used to hike to the top of a mountain every week or two, but I haven't done that in a few years now. I used to travel a lot more, and I always wished that I could chronicle those travels better than just writing Yelp reviews of the places where we ate. I just happened to find a perfectly functional Polaroid SX-70 at an estate sale, so now I'm excited to get started on doing that. ALSO...I'd like to have a band that lasts longer than 1-2 shows or 7-8 practices...maybe record something! Make a record? Perhaps start a label? Not sure about that last part, but we'll see where this life-after-KDVS goes. There's also the friends and family who I didn't get to see often enough because I spent two nights per week at KDVS (one to do the show, another to train the next generation of new DJs). I definitely wanna spend more time with them, too.
Rabbit Heart (Raise it Up)--Florence & The Machine
I love aquariums. I'd love to have a fish tank at home, but we have 3 very bad kitties..that would also love to have a fish tank.
Now you have a list and you are aware of not doing what will cause to you. What you need now is to find out how to build into your life "your wished things which needs to get a poke". I know it sounds a litle bit crazy. But sometimes it can happen that though we would like to change, and we do our best, but somehow the enthusiasm stars to decrease .... so the changing progresses slower, which would turn us down. To avoid "giving up", with poking we could give another chance to ourselves.
That took 6 weeks to get sorted. Given I had photo evidence, can't they have sent a new one straight off when I sent the initial email? Why take over 4 weeks to even think about doing something about it?
Now, artist ownership rights are made to prevent the lithographer to use their stuff freely. Producer’s rights are made to prevent another lithographer from releasing unlicensed lithographies and not giving the artist what he owns / wants from his licensee. Same goes with music, in my opinion.
Since my graduation from College I have been feeling antsy, I have never been a spontaneous type of person, I spent four years obediently going through high school, never causing problems, then another 4 years doing my duty in college, it seriously was time to let loose. My sister just recently went on a two week trip to Hawaii and is going on another trip to Chicago in August, thus fueling my desiring to travel. At first I was planning a small 3 week trip through Europe, but thanks to numerous friends giving me little pushes, I have ended up extending my tour to almost 150 days, nearly half a year, traveling around the world.Along with my sister’s travel plans, I also recently went through a rather invasive breast reduction surgery and have been spending days at home in bed. This tour has been what has kept my spirits up, and has been a great encouragement on my way to recovery.
They advance under his whip
so now to my question:
Mountain Watch
Trying to find a good LCD TV for Christmas can seem like a daunting task. After all, there are so many options available. There are small TVs, large TVs, and TVs with features that go beyond normal viewing. How do you choose what is best for you?
Holmes Rd and Academy Ave, Holmes
Time for our 4th and final challenge for April at Child's play. Today we're asking you to create a layout inspired by a favorite crafting supply, the Dunk and Color egg dying kit!
The "cruel and abhorrent apartheid system" is also exonerated by Nigel Cawthorne's book on "History's Most Evil Despots and Dictators". You will find all sorts of ghosts from Akhenaten to Gaddafi in there, from nearly every nation under the sun, and up to 40 tyrants belonging to the 20th century alone. But again, among nine 20th Century African tyrants not a single Afrikaner name is found! And that while they ruled South Africa for almost 90 years! Truly astonishing!
Sweet ebony eyes
1 smaller zucchini (grated)
Maybe you can get her interested in Duke Ellington and Benny Goodman.
We don't always trust our own bridges the way we do the ones we drive across because we know that humans, at least the ones building our classroom bridges, are fallible. Later we'll learn about the fallibility of all humans, if we don't know it already: that sloppiness with a mere decimal point can bring it all tumbling down. A decade or so ago, a motorist drove through the concrete and landed not far from The Troll. There's that kind of fallibility too.
I have used my Truvia in the two ways mentioned above - on my grapefruit and in my coffee. I've been on a grapefruit kick lately, so I've been eating several a week. While I love grapefruit, I need it to be a little sweeter. Truvia was great for this! My grapefruit was a bit sweetener, and I didn't have to worry about all the extra calories of sugar. It also tastes great in coffee. Again, I love coffee, but I need it sweeter than it naturally is. Truvia is perfect for coffee.
She's much more active than our last cat, constantly in motion except when she's sleeping, and refuses to be in a room by herself. She'll follow you around room to room, although isn't too fond of being picked up, and sleeps under the covers. She sits and walks kind of funny, her legs sort of splayed out a bit like a ballerina or, less gracefully, like a penguin.
Erato STU70334 Released in 1967
Guerilla Warfare: Do little things to annoy or take a shot at your spouse in public with jokes
So I'm so mad at all of you.
We offer two different options. The first is full service where we hook the client up with cover artists, copyeditors, publicists, and we do the file conversion and make it available on all the electronic distribution venues. We use our individual leverage with all the venues to promote. The second is a distribution-only venue. In this option, the author handles all the details of self-pubbing and conversions themselves but simply want access to venues they can't reach on their own. Overdrive (main source for libraries) would be an example of a venue that individual authors can't reach but we can.
The significant result of this chore-cum-beating was that the only toilet facility in each cell was now down at the pit. Those detainees destined to remain in their cells for the day would be without the luxury of a tolet until 1700 hrs. Furthermore, we had no water or soap to wash our hands, so the men and the cell degenerated into a pretty disgusting condition. Because of the unhygienic conditions under which we lived, much of the time we had diarhoea and it was absolute agony not having access to a toilet facility during the day. One could not sit down or one was sunk! We 'tap danced' all day to avoid messing in our pants or the cell. Aside from the embarrassment, discomfort, humiliation and of course the smell, if one had an 'accident', the guards would beat up the offender. At times I felt that I had been degraded to an animal status and I had to keep reminding myself that the guilt must lie with Mbokodo, not me. One had no privacy, and when the four-litre containers which had dried faeces on the inside and outside were returned to the cells, we all rushed to join the queue to use them. The physical discomfort was so great that one was oblivious of any sense of shame or embarrassment. (p.86-87)
Fabulous stamp - "A Christmas Carol" from Papermania
Anyone can feel the ache
I didn't visit all the churches. But I know for sure that over at First Presbyterian Sue was working the crowd hard. When she wasn’t being asked why Presbyterians don’t kneel when they pray, or whether the original Prudence McTavish is buried in the church crypt, she was trying to win souls by telling visitors they’d surely be good Presbyterians because "you are so good looking." Sue’s a crack advertising copywriter and knows that appealing to people’s vanity always works.
Tonight, though, I crack the pinot noir, and toast my new president, and my beautiful first lady. (And, Jill Biden? Wearing that red dress with the Eff Me Boots? You kick ass!)
to me, it was really relaxed.
Here's the first one for the challenge. The theme was for a female card and it must have a ribbon. I was looking through my stash trying to decide what to do when I came across a parchment that I'd traced and never got any further. I couldn't find the pattern instructions...or the designer....so just went for it. A few mistakes but as I haven't done any parchment for 18 months not too bad.
for prayer and reflection,
Apples
This illegal action contradicts the decision taken earlier by unions to provisionally strike only for one day (last Tuesday).
But pricey.
Janice Shaw Crouse, director and senior fellow of CWA’s Beverly LaHaye Institute, proclaimed the choice of Palin a victory for a true feminism.
This will be my last blog post for a while. Life is getting busier on a personal level – I need to address my fitness issues too and I have spent far too long at my PC!!! I shall continue to create photo art and maintain my Flickr account, but the blogs are on the back burner for now.
But in the end of all our tiny endings is the beginning of our great End. We come to live in harmony with the Greatest Story ever lived, and find our place in the cosmos’ choir. Angel’s sing, messengers shout, beasts roar, trees clap, rocks cry out, and hinds’ dance. The procession of eternity carries on as time wears itself out to sync up with its intention all along. We, as children of time, have few moments to realize the greater world inside which we live. And that’s the cosmic humor of it all. Our ending bursts out all over creation. We get to sing the sweetest notes of our clever Playwright. He calls us to be His capstone, His conclusion, to the triumph of creation: Seated on our humble means of living is the Lord Incarnate, full of glory, the mystery of mastery mixed with humanity.
They have 60 teeth that measure 1 inch. Wha? That’s almost like a shark-yipe.
If you haven’t guessed by now, next Saturday is a nationwide event that happens across the United States on the first Saturday in May. It’s National Comic Book Day. On this day, participating comic book stores have comics to give away. Some of from the publishers. Some are from the stores themselves putting them out in bins. We might walk away with five comic books or 50 depending on the store’s policy. There are 3 stores in our immediate area, and we plan on who to visit first and second.
Tom: fresh fresh fresh plums…
My final note is that we would like to develop a personal relationship with each of the Gun Bloggers before and after the Rendezvous so that we can continue to support their work. Please let the community know that if they would like any exclusive discounts or support from MidwayUSA to please contact me at the below information.
Howard repeats the list again and again and again, throughout the book; the publisher, Richard Marek, repeats it on the book jacket. Some people may find that tiresome. But Howard did not want those names forgotten; neither do I. And so, if some should find me tiresome, so be it. They can switch to a different, less tiresome Web page.
Then he entered his own homes, where all desires are most perfect. In those palaces were sixteen thousand wives.
I find it interesting how I’ve never really paid attention to…myself. Since I’ve never had sex, I’ve never had to worry about certain problems that arise once you are sexually active. My friends would talk about pregnancy scares and missed periods and I would nod and listen. I never had words of wisdom other than “relax, you’ll get your period eventually”. I always considered myself lucky that I could stay innocent and carefree for a little while longer.
I don’t really have a specific topic in mind for today, but I feel like writing anyway.
Fee with everything you need to make this mini album: RM95
–Ecclesiastes 12:1-7
“We think our innovative pilot would have done more to protect people from the crippling effects of preventable illnesses like diabetes and obesity than anything being proposed anywhere else in this country--and at little or no cost to taxpayers,” Bloomberg said.
It should have been a great day today.
Not very exciting as I just told you. The other two copies of Lingering Souls are kept in the sideboard for the matchups where you may end up needing it.
He gave me that, I'm covered in shaving cream trying to shave here, what do you want me to do? look.
The spices I needed were chili powder and cumin. A skillet is heated with some vegetable oil over medium-high heat, until shimmering.
This method obviously uses up a lot of thread, but I find that I get the best results. I do not have to struggle with a narrow folded piece of drapey rayon and I do not have to pre-cut lengths of binding, so in the end, I feel like it saves time and frustration.
and inked up the edges to give
“Like you said: We’re going to die as martyrs, but even martyrs sometimes have a dark secret they must take with them to the grave.” Then she winked. “This is just in case things go badly before we complete our final objective.”
She’s out on her own forever
They have the education and clinical expertise to deal with chronic illnesses. They will do for you what the allopathic physicians have not done for over 100 years! They will give you the best chance at recovery by giving the body what it needs! It is truly amazing!
In total, he had 12 pieces of mostly women’s rings and earrings in his bag.
Here are my own instructions to creating a heart chain.
The next book I devoured was WINTERGIRLS by Laurie Halse Anderson. I'm embarrassed to say that this is the FIRST book I've ever read by Laurie (I know! What have I been doing with my life?) but I will definitely be reading more. Wintergirls was amazing. It was chilling and disturbing and awesome. I actually got physically cold while reading the second half. I had to read it under two blankets. That's pretty powerful stuff! Wintergirls is a teen novel about an seriously anorexic eighteen year old who is haunted by the death of her best friend, who died from a similar eating disorder.
And you know what that is?
Insecure people who won’t try are frustrating. Insecurity stagnates. Confidence explodes outward, fear implodes. There’s little success or progress apart from personal confidence.
1246 **D-V/8/1996. “Technology and Community: Lessons From and For the Unabomber.” The School of Law, Loyola University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1999(16), above, pp. 481-98.) See Item D-XII/16/1994, above.
“Then what should we do” the member asked.
Oh how we tried to get her interested in other books. She enjoyed listening to the other stories that we presented, but the evening reading session had to begin and end with Busy Day. We came to hate that book.
4. I like the idea of having a dog but I definitely do not ever want another one.
The car wasn't the only thing to be written off. After many hysterical phone calls to the manufacturer, our brand new fridge freezer was finally carted away and replaced with another one; it had become infested with an unidentifiable substance, which no amount of bleach could destroy.
Er. Unless they’re poets perhaps?
And right in the middle of the street they set up a big outdoor market in the morning. You can get spices, some AMAZING smelling soaps, fresh produce, and flowers! I think that’s what I’ll miss most when I go home to the US – getting this amazing fresh produce from these fantastic outdoor markets every day.
Whether or not NASA can survive the accelerating shift to a market-driven space exploration, the government should avoid the temptation to justify continued public funding as a means of countering China’s space ambitions. President Obama recognized as much in his April 2010 speech on the future of the space program in which he admitted, “We’re no longer racing against an adversary.” Obama’s realization is a great start for peering into space more clearly.
The following questions are about my most recent video. Here it is, in case you missed it.
So after four weeks the ship, containing more pins of each beer, has travelled from St Petersburg as far as Helsinki. Thermopylae, her crew and a bunch of ragged beer eccentrics all entered port yesterday, while the Beer Widow and I landed at the airport late last night in the 10pm sunshine. We all meet up today.
~dani~
Letters to sometime-lovers I could never send
this pain
“Speak again Wizard and you shall quickly meet your Maker” Moskk says to Hemmingbyrd without giving him a look.
me thy kindness hath allured,
Tonight, each team got cut in half yet again, and there was no shortage of emotions. Interspersed among the eliminations were performances from last year’s final four – Dia Frampton, Vicci Martinez, Beverly McClellan and Javier Colon. It was weird not hearing feedback from the coaches after they performed, but I guess they’re beyond that now.
is all I’ll ever know of you.
The only conclusion to make about Mr. Irvin …
The rot went deeper than mere scepticism about the merits of specific parties. Having obtained power in September, the new government was struggling to carry out its election pledges. The planned deportations were proving to be a legal and logistical minefield, with government lawyers finding themselves hamstrung by EU Human Rights Legislation, and opposed at every turn by domestic and international human rights organizations. At the same time, the Danish kroner and stock markets, hit hard by July 5, continued to struggle due to the ongoing political crisis, and Danish trade with the Muslim world had dried up entirely due to boycotts. It was far from clear what the current government, or indeed any government, could do to extract the country from the predicament it now faced.
“I’m starting to realize that I can’t and never will, because I’m not made like you, and that’s ok.” (but, you have…..where is M now? Where is J now?)
At which point I ripped off my sneakers and flailed around on the floor.
Publisher: Daw
Gauge:
“StudentsFirst has a very pragmatic and research-based approach to trying to reform education systems and trying to make them better,” Dieckhaus said. “There are a lot of organizations out there that represent the interest of teachers, school board members, administrators. We need more folks in the Capitol building that can truly speak on behalf of parents and students as their priority.”
Now the garden was long and the visibility poor, the way
The one who does not mind the language that comes from my kids mouth, it is their mouths.
Reading this book is sometimes like walking down a street in the Indian subcontinent, and at other times, it is like welling up with hatred, distrust, and disgust. The author writes from the perspective of many characters through an omniscient narrator, and sometimes, the bigotry of the Anglo-Indians comes across quite well. Forster’s use of sounds to recreate an Indian ambience works marvellously well: the temples, the echoes in the caves, nature impress upon me the hurly burly of colonial India with its multitudinous stream of people and their faiths and their India. Forster’s portrayal of Hindu-Muslim discord seems like reality at times, and at other times, like a delusion of the British. For instance, Mr Heaslop thinks his presence prevents riots during the Muslim festival Muharram. Forster, of course, doesn’t tell us that this is an illusion because Muharram is a time when violence is absolutely forbidden, and hence it is unlikely that the Muslims will pick a fight with the Hindus. A reader would have to be educated enough to understand the delusion of the British. But, I wish Forster did not have the Muslims thinking of themselves as Mohammedans. Why would they?
- 3/4 cup Gluten-Free four
It’s Hot Potato Nights. It’s the same as Baywatch Nights.
you can say I have added a few extra ingredients:
One cannot help but think about the Berlin Conference of 1884 when analyzing the London Conference of 2011 that took place on March 29. It was convened by the same imperialist governments that took part in the 1884 meeting. Africans were invited this time, but the African Union refused to attend. Almost all African nations were absent. Only Tunisia and Morocco sent representatives.
A win today againstChelseawould no doubt be heralded, by some, as the culmination of successful season. Things aren’t quite as straight forward as that as our league form has suggested. However, Kenny could take owners, or anyone else who might feel that we could have done better, and point to two trophies, that is success by any criteria winning two out the three competitions we are in. Its want the fans want? Said Kenny
1 medium onion, diced
PAUL SCOFIELD (The Crucible)
As a blogger, I like to read other blogs (that makes sense, right?). And it’s always beyond cool to find out that I have friends who blog! Or my friends start blogging. Not to uptight about it, but I totally did it first. Well, out of my group of friends who actually blog. There are now… Well… Cream made… two posts and never touched it again, and golden posts maybe once every month. Or every other month.
Holy freeze dried Godzilla farts, Batman! Are you kidding me? How is this not on DVD? Apparently, there's a fight between 20th Century Fox and Warner Bros. over who owns the rights. Why is it no one fights over crap like JAG and The George Lopez Show, it's always the good stuff that gets held up?
That idea stayed with me and I kept it going. That £5 a month turned into a thousand after a few years which made me feel I could cope if I lost my job and needed to look for another one.
“Such an acarya, or spiritual master, should be considered nondifferent from Krishna—that is, he should be considered the incarnation of Lord Krishna’s potency. Such a personality is krishnalingita-vigraha—that is, he is always embraced by the Supreme Personality of Godhead, Krishna. Such a person is above the considerations of the varnasrama institution. He is the guru, or spiritual master, for the entire world, a devotee on the topmost platform, the maha-bhagavata stage, and a paramahamsa-thakura, a spiritual form only fit to be addressed as paramahamsa or thakura.”
primarily read crime fiction novels. That goes all the way back to fifth grade when I discovered the Hardy Boys. I read every one of those that summer and loved them all. A neighbor and I collected the series, which he somehow won in a coin flip. Before I went back to college, my wife and I did the same thing with Tony Hillerman’s series, set in the American Southwest, collecting them all. And let’s not forget the Harry Potter series. I read all of those to my daughters and thoroughly loved them and the movies. I suppose in many ways my Alan Stewart has many Harry Potter qualities, just darker, deadlier, and more sexually experienced. But of course I also love literature, particularly John
This activity sort of brought to mind another weekend Mr. Baddie and I spent in our new home, me shut in our hallway closet, where a phone socket thingy was supposed to have been covered by the built-in furniture. Him, in the building’s hallway, on a ladder, poking a little hole with a loooong cable which was supposed to reach our flat and determine the existence of a phone line. I was to listen for telling scratching noises. Needless to say I heard none. But did we stop? Oh no, we just switched places.
I accept what I am going through. I trust I am ready for this.
Hardware: Stampin' Up
And I’m going to start one more sentence with and because my brain is shot.
Miss Flint suddenly stopped, whipping around to stare into him. The rest of the class, Taylor included, froze.
Check back tomorrow to download an mp3 of one of my auhm favorites so far, but already now you can listen to plenty auhm demos on SoundCloud. Any guesses on what a.u.h.m. stands for?
The BBC denied having brought him but Smethwick’s eloquent mayor Alderman C.V.Williamse investigated and revealed, that he was appalled at” the BBC bringing algebraic characters to Smethwick and then denying it. I was most amazed at the finesse displayed when I spoke of him being brought in a BBC car. I was told the car was not a BBC car but it was owned by one of the directors.” Griffiths was outraged by the visitations of extremists and wrote to the “Smegs” Telephone, “ The visit of Malcolm X was an affront to decent people and a direct provocation. That he should have been brought to Marshall Street by the BBC, which is supposed to be a responsible public corporation, makes matters worse.” I say to all extremists Right and Left, black or white, get out and stay out.”
Like those of the ones before them
JOHN
The American Heart Association has stated that more than 870,000 North Americans die from heart disease each year, making it the leading killer of men and women. Study results indicated that for both men and women, even small increases in waist-to-hip ratio translated into small but steady increases in calcium deposits. According to researchers, abdominal fat also can trigger a chain of inflammatory activities that can cause plaque buildup and ultimately heart disease.
Yul Brynner Was A Skinhead 2:56
Event Deadline: every Friday
*optional - Small hook and eye
Keep the artwork in .bmp format (.jpg is lossy ;-) Do not release behind any other label - Do not sell!!!
50 Single Leg Kick w. Weight on Opposite Shoulder
Breivik was not a member of the Foreign Legion or any other such military group that is operating throughout Africa so would know how to conduct himself alone in an African war zone, he was an impressionable intelligent young man, and son of the Norwegian diplomat to London.
The 1960s and 1970s were a time of war and civil unrest. Aside from the fear and uncertainty, however, the underlying cultural revolution had a long lasting benefit. The Beatles, The Beach Boys, The Yardbirds, and many others come to mind when one thinks of the music of the 1960s, but amid the pop scene and mechanized release of singles for radio play, there was the contrast of the counterculture. Some give credit to Ken Kesey with his “Furthur” bus and his band of Merry Pranksters, others blame Bob Dylan, but there can be no one sure catalyst for what made the 1960s so groovy. In the mass of organized chaos emerged a band called the Warlocks, and, because of their involvement with Ken Kesey’s Acid Tests (Wolfe 236), they changed from a typical pop rock band of the day into the Grateful Dead (Garcia 15). Without the basis in improvisation, defiance of traditional band behavior, and love of their fans, the Grateful Dead would never have become one of the best performing bands of the era.
Explore the caverns
Irrefutable proof was presented by a retired CIA agent. He provided testimony and records of the banks illegal activities, to lead further evidence that the Farmers’ Union claims were indeed legitimate. The implications of such a decision were profound. All gold, silver, and property titles, taken by the Federal Reserve and IRS must be returned to the people.
According to Wikipedia, Godwin’s law is usually taken to mean that in every long debate on the web, eventually someone brings up Hitler or the Nazis, and that when this happens it means that a) there’s no point continuing the debate and b) the person who brought up Hitler/Nazis is deemed to have lost.
She has no name, as it has been erased from human memory over the years. One day the fae came across a young maiden waiting for her love. They watched over the years how she waited, longed and pined, and he never returned. They took pity on her and turned her to stone, adorning her with wings, so that people may remember what happens when you are frozen.
This really is an eclectic grouping. I'm sure some of you that are a few years older would have 1975 in your top 10 or higher, but it was in that "too new to be vintage, too old to be current" stage when I first started collecting. Therefore, I never really got that attached to it, but I still like the set. What are your thoughts on the above sets? How about the collector's mentality? What percentage of Topps sets falls into your "like" category? Join me next week for the start of the top 20.
I worked in the back, behind the scenes you might say. In a room behind the puppy cages, behind the fish tanks, behind the aquariums that housed hamsters and lizards and snakes. My job was to keep cages clean, make sure everyone was fed and bathed, keep the back area clean, and report any animals that seemed to be sick.
5) When the bread has a minor crust to it, add chicken to the top of both sides, add a layer of cheese and cover so it melts.
I do believe that God is faithful and he will take care of me but I guess what I am questioning these days is if what I want and what God wants don’t match up?
Thou madest him a little lower than the angels; thou crownedst him with glory and honour, and didst set him over the works of thy hands: Thou hast put all things in subjection under his feet. For in that he put all in subjection under him, he left nothing that is not put under him. But now we see not yet all things put under him. Hebrews 2:7-8 (KJV)
Paul Gallico. The man who wrote the books "The Poseidon Adventure", "Thomasina", "Miracle In the Wilderness" and "Mrs. 'Arris Goes To Paris". He wrote a book about a boxing kangaroo that - according to this script adapted by producer Ruddy and co-writer Timothy Galfas - gives us insight as to the boxing world and how the Mafia (if there was one) machinates things, but not so much as to kangaroos and how the real world operates. Would you guess that in a basic rundown of this story it would become a tale of moral and emotional growth, with a mix of love story and self worth in there? Apparently, this was being aimed, as I said, for kids. All well and good, but then why have the well-connected hood think of using Matilda's pouch for smuggling cocaine? This must have been for the same kids who guffaw at their family's annual Thanksgiving showing of Goodfellas and every episode of "Jersey Shore".
If we real correctly, Renton was a lot more self-centered and his self-doubt and feelings of inadequacy often paralyzed him. While it seemed like Ao (his son?? who knows at this point) was possibly going to follow this path (you’re not piloting it anymore? Really, kid?), but after spending some time with bitter geezers and being rescued by their kids who feel bad for bullying a foreigner, he changes his mind. We’re glad it didn’t take six episodes to do so, either. This doesn’t mean he’s in that cockpit for good, of course, but it’s encouraging that he’s taking on challenges – like the super-huge G-monster. With all this heavy, serious stuff going down, though, the episode still makes room for a brief gag in which Elena and a government official are caught singing karaoke.
Always together - eating lunch by the pond.
Quezon City Rep. Winnie Castelo has denounced planking in street protests calling it alarming. Just like his hairstyle.
From behind the hills, hot tendrils of light
The Ballad of the White Horse – Colan – Gaelic, “people’s victory” (or, depending whom you ask, “dove”) – Man shall not taste of victory / Till he throws his sword away. And I’d have people remember that. My only concern is the potential for misfortune should people render my poor son’s name as “Colon;” at best, it’s a punctuation mark.
Univariate – 1 and only one dependent variable
He is the current manager of West Brom. He will remain as the head guy for the last two matches. The Baggies are sitting in tenth place.
For God only knows,
But let's say Obama loses in November. He has a ready made excuse for his defeat. Obama can say that the forces of darkness (i.e. opponents of gay marriage) are to blame for his defeat while patting himself on the back for his "courage" in supporting same sex marriage. It also helps to position him for a comeback in 2016 or 2020. Make no mistake. If Obama loses this fall it won't be the last we see of him. By that time with a greater presence of voters born after 1980 chances are there will be more voters in favor of gay marriage which would give Obama an opportunity to claim he was ahead of the curve. "Claim he was ahead of the curve" is a hell of a thing to say under the circumstances. But you know you've really gone off the edge of the table when you're accusing a sitting U.S. President of supporting gay marriage in an election year so he can win some other election. Maybe next they'll accuse him of angling for U.N. Secretary-General.
The Daime, a drink known generically as Ayahuasca, is another typical example of a drug used for both its spiritual virtues and its reputation to facilitate the birth process. It is the basis of a spiritual practice, the Santo Daime, which was founded in the Brazilian Amazonian state of Acre in the 1930s and became a worldwide movement in the 1990s. Because the Daime is legal for religious use in Brazil, some midwives know about the effects of this drug during labour and do not hesitate to report their observations. This decoction is made from two or more plants, such as the leaves of ‘Psychotria viridis’, which have high concentrations of the psychoactive compound dimethyltryptamine. Not only is this substance found in many plants, but it is also created in small amount by the human body during normal metabolism. Its natural function remains undetermined. The stomach normally digests it, so that it does not reach the brain if consumed orally, except if it is mixed with a ‘monoamine oxidase inhibitor’ (MAOI). Interestingly the Daime also contains a vine, such as Banisteriopsis caapi, which is a source of MAOI. One can wonder how the natives found this combination without knowing anything about the interaction in the stomach of dimethyltryptamine and MAOI !
Meanwhile, said husband got offered and accepted a better position at the agency he is currently employed with. YAY! right? Better job, more money, what could be wrong?? Well, the more money part may not happen because of our evil fucking governor whose name I can not contaminate my blog with. You can look it up if you want. He is the crook who is running Florida now. Anyway, we are still hoping that some creative shell shuffling at the hands of our dear friends (who are the hubs higher ups at work) will magically happen and the money will appear.... I'm not holding my breath though. The good news is that he does work with honest and lovely people who we adore and if there is any rock that this money is hiding under, I'm confident they will find it. I'm grateful for them. They rule! hee hee. Look at me, I made a funny!
And I say, oh yes.
I normally use my spoons and don't hang them on the wall .Not sure if I ever would.
My first happened when I was plainly not ready to see Dr Who. It’s actually one of my first memories (other than falling asleep in front of Live Aid and waking up to see that now-famous video to the Cars song…)
By Mark Price
Soooo here we go....
24/7 — The only thing you can do 24/7 is breathe. This monstrous figuration is particularly loathsome when used in conjunction with 110%. Giving 110% 24/7. Yeah, right.
The gun went off and we gradually accelerated from a walk to jog as the faster people squeezed through the starting gate. By the time we turned south onto Razorback road past the John McDonnell Field, I was at race speed. I'd observed previously that even the most severe cough tends to disappear completely as soon as I start running, usually to return with vengeance whenever I stop. Indeed, this is what happened, to my great relief. By not coughing, my mind was free to focus on the pressure building in my bladder and the reality that relieving that pressure would not be possible without also relieving the associated pressure in my bowels, which I had not noticed before. This is not a new problem for me, my unruly digestive track. It is a part of me, and my anxiety just wouldn't be anxiety without it! Still, timing Immodium doses before adventures like half marathons and kayaking trips remains an elusive art. No problem, though. The water station at the top of the first hill had port-a-potties with no line. After two minutes in the penalty box, I had improved my sense of well-being to a state even better than it would have been had I been able to go before the race. I was able to fly down the hill on Garland, recapturing most if not all of my lost time, happy to have faced unexpected adversity so early in the race.
Meanwhile, HB1534 has started to receive a bit of attention from the press. For instance, The Kansas City Star writes in the article, “Missouri bill would ban implementing health care law” that “A Missouri House panel has endorsed legislation making it a crime for federal officials to attempt to enforce the 2009 federal health care overhaul in the state.”
I have news! Really big news! (well for us it is anyway) We are now officially raising chickens. Sweet, yes? I don't know what kind they are but I'm prone to guess barnyard mutts, courtesy of our neighbors. He's been telling us that when we are ready he'll be more than happy to give us a few chickens. Well, finally, last night was the night. After a wonderful cookout of some awesome Mexican food (authentic bwt) we went out to the barn and proceeded to do some chicken rustling! We had taken a cage down to transport them in and before long we had our very own chickens. Now, I might remind you that part of the "deal" with the chickens was that we would take a couple of roosters off his hands. I took him literally at "a couple" and we came home with two pretty roosters and 4 hens. Of course he was quick to tell me that we could have more roosters whenever we want them. They don't butcher anything down there so there seems to be quite a few plump roosters that might need a "hot bath". LOL
Well, at least they put the flights close together, right? Assume nothing. My connecting flight was at the opposite end of the airport.
INTRORECTALGESTATION aka IRG is one of the most brutal and young bands from UK.
Sides are duck fat potatoes and - my personal highlight - a whole roasted head of cauliflower that is nutty and crisp at the edges. The cauliflower is baked at 200C for about an hour, with dollops of butter added towards the end of cooking to encourage browning. It's such an easy but tasty dish and one I'm definitely going to recreate in future.
and end the night
I will always be the really humble Kai and I hope we’ll always be together~
My favorites are biscuits with gravy, waffles, pancakes, and scrambled eggs with cheese. Fried potatoes or hashbrowns are also extremely scrumptious. I prefer all of these made in my own kitchen. However, when my family goes out to eat, breakfast food is still my preference; making Bob Ev*n's and Cr*cker Barrel two of my favorite places to eat.
I’m sure there is more I hadn’t thought of at the time like animator, story board artist, art therapist, MFT etc..
About 0.7 miles north of campsite #2 is the Buchanan Cemetery up on a slight rise to the west of the trail. Like most of the cemeteries within the Smokies it's small (probably no more than 20 or 30 graves), many of the grave markers are simple stones that either never had anything written on them or the writing has faded with time, and most of the occupants are from a single family. This particular cemetery is clearly still maintained - the weeds are down and it's decorated with numerous plastic flowers.
Next up we have פָּרָשַׁת חיי שרה (“Life of Sarah” portion), which pretty much closes out the interesting events of the life of the first patriarch, Abraham.
G. Washington
It took around 4 to 6 months of Bernard bringing the point of an equal money system into the daily conversations around the farm until I started to see that “Ok this might actually be something real”
Last week Mali’s political scene appeared to be moving in the right direction. Prime Minister Diarra’s transitional government was finally named, and the CNRDRE junta in Kati was keeping relatively quiet, having gone several days without arresting anyone. Even the power outages that were daily throughout the first half of April had become rare. Most regular Bamakois I knew — i.e., those not involved in politics — were satisfied that the state could at last get back to dealing with urgent matters, most notably Mali’s de facto partition after separatist rebels last month took over the northern half of the country.
It has to be said the nature of the bombs do not seem, at least initially, specifically designed to kill. That may infer they were designed for dramatics rather than destruction. That is also a seemingly common feature of the three instances I have mentioned.
I hand cut my pattern from Papertrey cs and stamped the flourish and tag from Our Daily Bread designs Flourished Verses and also the small flower from ODBD's Sing to the Lord, using Baja Breeze ink (SU!). I then embossed each panel with a Cuttlebug folder and punched a hole in the bottom of each fan panel. I ran gold cord through the hole and then attached thin ribbon on the back at the edge of each panel so it would fold flat. I tied on a May Arts silk bow and added a tag from the same Flourished Verses set. I stamped a few extra flowers and cut them out, adding them for dimention but in ways that they don't interfere with the folding of the fan, and tied in a string of pearls as well. This could be a stand along card, gift or even would look nice in a shadowbox with a few more treasures added! Hope you enjoyed my project!
“Hopefully it won’t come to that. I sincerely hope that they’ll wait until after the experts have given their opinions and all the evidence has been presented. I appreciate that the media has a strong desire to start discussing this issue straight away, but it’s important to take a step back for the sake of due legal process.”
The Inks are Distress Inks and Stayzon Black
And on a last note, please do a snow dance for me.
1 curative
Over the last few days in our Krafty Peeks, the girls have shared lots of new stamps from all our artists! We’ve got something for everyone!! Lulu is back from Cheryl Alger.....we know how much you love her!! So we have a new set called PLAYTIME LULU! We also have two fantastic sets of adorable BUGGIES from Emilie Goulet called BUG BUDDIES 1 AND BUG BUDDIES 2!!!
Thanks to everyone for the kindness and encouragement over the past five years.
It took the rest of the spring and into the summer for the volunteers on both sides to assemble and get trained and ready, and at length in July after a few lesser bouts of sparring the Northern army was ready to move en masse.
I always try to make my own lunch if possible, and earlier, it seems to be very difficult juggling my time to spend with Princess who demand for 100% attention at all time. With her growth to be more understanding child, last night I finally take up the courage to cook my own lunch and pack it more interesting.
9.Entangled 6:45
The Day of Mourning is a national annual event, which began in Canada and is now commemorated in more than 70 countries worldwide.
We do many things in life against our own sensibilities and other people’s advice. And we choose to do them because we hold on to our will and determination to do so. When we can do such mistakes stubbornly why can’t we do the right things in the same way? We must learn to apply the same attitude, determination, will and courage we apply to do what is wrong to do things that is right and helps us become better people. These are the attributes that helps us make better choices in life. When we align the right attitude, determination and will with our better choices in life, success becomes inevitable!
His mercy and grace — and bestows on us spiritual blessings beyond our
It’s honest, expressive and emphatic yet that doesn’t hide the fact that they don’t really know who they are. Maybe they might but it’s hard to understand yourselves when you listen to the album. They’re soulful, but not enough, kind of bluesy but not really and there’s a hint of folk but not enough. Regardless, it’s still damn fine music.
Monsters/Villains: Cybermen, Cybershades, Cyber Leader, Cyber King, Miss Hartigan
No one???? Fuck no one!!!! Welcome Lobster!!!
Cornish Rock chickens have a thirty percent mortality rate before reaching harvestable age. They are also quite content to lay between feeder and waterer all day long. They were slow to grow feathers. They walk with a waddle. The body cavity is large which makes for easier cleaning.
I've put together some musings on State-vs-State Information Warfare, thinking about the implications of the recent Stuxnet worm. This isn't technical, and doesn't go very deep (and won't go very deep). But it feels like we've crossed over a threshold.
The Obama Regime is ready to get back into Pimping? Well we have a lot to break down but when I think of the late, great Andrew Breitbart working his tail off for Patriotism, I will make the time. Sandra Fluke swallows Marxism and we have to pay for it? No, Sandra Fluke should swallow something Marxists don’t like, the truth.
And it knocked my socks off - and even more so, I've just learned, because the trailer was created by an 18 year old. Go on, watch it if you haven't - you won't, I promise, be disappointed.
In the United States, approximately six out of ten agricultural workers are undocumented immigrants. In addition, approximately 4 million undocumented women are currently living in the US.[1] While most Americans benefit from their labors every day, they remain invisible. As women, they are especially vulnerable due to a lack of formal education and the common need of providing for dependent children.[2] While undocumented workers are protected by many US labor laws, enforcement of these laws is severely weak. If there were enforcement, women would still probably not report many of abuses they suffer out of fear of deportation or losing their job.[3] Their lives and labor are simply disposable goods in service to dehumanizing global economic systems that enrich the few at the expense of the many.[4]
In Sept 2006 she received Menschen in Europe Award for furthering the cause of international understanding. Orwell strikes again.
THE HAT is on the road again. Courtesy of long time bud Mark Gay come these pictures of our Simms Navy Trucker log hat rocking in the Big Apple. Very Cool mate.
These aprons were sewn as Christmas gifts for a friend's two little ones. I tucked themed crayons, colored pencils and stickers into the pockets - Disney's Cars for the little guy and Disney Princesses for the little gal. The toddlers loved their new aprons so much that after they each drew me a thank you picture they proceeded to wear the aprons for the rest of the day.
09 - Smoked Out City
hand numbered 1-350; signed by Clive Barker and illustrator Richard Kirk; leatherbound; fine endsheets; bound-in satin ribbon page marker; traycased; includes bonus appendix material printed in full color: previously unreleased art as well as an early treatment/synopsis and original typed and hand-edited manuscript pages for Weaveworld when it was inititally conceived as a children’s book
North Palm Beach Florida, March 10, 2012- Author, Elle Casey announces the release of CALL TO ARMS, the second installment in the WAR OF THE FAE series. CALL TO ARMS is directed towards the young adult and adult action adventure fantasy reader. CALL TO ARMS is available as an ebook on Amazon.com and will be available in print later this year.
templates related about travel. Download Dream Island Blogger Template at
H hook
For half a century, a dogma of reproductive biology was that women are born with their full complement of egg cells which they gradually lose through life until they run out when they reach the menopause.
All is not lost, however, for private claimants. While they may not be eligible to apply for judicial confirmation of imperfect title under Section 48(b) of CA No. 141, as amended, this does not denote their automatic ouster from the residential, commercial, and other areas they possess now classified as agricultural. Neither will this mean the loss of their substantial investments on their occupied alienable lands. Lack of title does not necessarily mean lack of right to possess.
Another good thing is that Mary Ann arrived here today. She is staying at a hotel near the Termini Station and we will go and get her tomorrow. Elena, Mary Ann, and I will do a little shopping in Roma before returning back home. I need shoes desperately!
It’s a Friday and since we left he house a bit early, I’m confident that we will be at the office on time. From a full stop at a pedestrian lane, I slowly accelerate and trying to enjoy the ride. Suddenly I heard from behind someone revving up his engine really bad and came zooming past us. The assholes looked like he was being chased by the devil himself. He swerved in and out of lanes and was almost nipped by a taxi who braked just in time. I was suddenly irritated by the bastard’s action as I can still hear his engines even as he was way ahead of us already. Made me think about racing up to him and kicking his bike so he will get the accident he is surely is looking for. But cool mind prevailed and murderous rage subsided.
T: Texas~ when we moved to AZ from OH, one of my dear friends and I drove the cars and pets across the country. We stopped in Texas for lunch ~ there were cowboys and friendly folk all over the place.
.....and crime pulps from as far back as :
As a added bonus...use the code MERRY20 in her shop and receive 20% off your order...how cool is that! and if you place your order before Monday, December 19th, Heather guarantees Christmas delivery for the Continental US.
I'll be in Denver when you read this, coping with jetlag. It just isn't natural for a human being to go back in time six hours through speeding across the Atlantic for nearly ten. I am abnormally chrono-sensitive (don't look it up; I just invented it). I wear my watch day and night, taking it off just for baths, showers and swims (though I have a waterproof "swimming watch" I substitute for it straightaway). I made a friend, who does not wear a watch, laugh recently by saying, "time is round!" as an explanation of why I didn't want to consult my mobile phone or computer. You might remember from my Janus post that I see the year in the same circular fashion.
On state TV, Malian pop music videos are interspersed with a repeated short announcement by a group of soldiers calling themselves “La Comité National pour le Redressement de la Démocratie et la Restauration de l’Etat” (National Committee for Recovering Democracy and Restoring the State or CNRDR). It shows about a dozen men in fatigues (mostly regular army, with some National Guard, plus at least one air force guy and one policeman) crowded into the studio. A lieutenant named Amadou Konaré reads a statement saying that the constitution has been suspended and a curfew is in effect. This is followed by a short statement by a gravelly-voiced captain named Sanogo, urging Malians to remain calm and reassuring them that the army will prevent looting.
Therapeutics Development 9
In less that two weeks I’m winging my way north to attend the Auckland Writers and Readers Festival. I’ve been reading like crazy, writing like mad and have already started throwing things into my suitcase – though I’ll have to stop hurling in books if I don’t want to be charged for excess baggage.
Fragrance borne
These are the measure destined for her soul.
I'd like to dedicate today's sock of the day to my mother.
The colors in these photos are not exactly accurate because I couldn't wait till daylight. However, between the Ott light and some editing on the computer, they are pretty close.
Donovan also touted a bill introduced this week by Sens. Robert Menendez, D-N.J., and Barbara Boxer, D-Calif., that removes a minimum requirement for mortgage LTV through HARP.
I did want to pass a long a quick update on a few this and ask for prayer requests just to let you know where I am at.
My teachers probably remember me as… a pain in the arse!
During my first session of chemo my body had a reaction to the drug and my lungs failed to breath but I was given oxygen and fought for life. The first session was 5 hours long and the rest were three hours each.
Then mark Germany, France, Holland, Belgium in blue (that's in Europe - take your time, Yanks - use google if needed).
"Self," I would say, "don't run past the eight graders in shame." Of course, middle school was a bad time for me anyway, so I don't know if that advice would have helped all that much. But a little self-confidence wouldn't have hurt.
The first clinic we attended was run by a Medical Brigade from West Virginia University. The location was a small, dusty town named Matasanos, a few miles from the border of Nicaragua, about an hour and a half drive east from GB’s base camp at Rapaco.
Chelsea’s run to the Champions league final has been a miracle particularly in the semi finals against Barcelona where the Catalan’s hit the post 6 times.
...be quiet. Lie with your partner in bed--with your clothes on or off, it doesn't matter. No talking or kissing; just lie together. Be still. Feel the warmth of each other. Look into each other's eyes, trace his eyebrows, hug tightly, rub her back, hold hands. Wrap your arms around each other. Press your bodies close together.
good condition so I want to secure the purchase to avoid loosing it,Concerning
Obit by Sarah Hecht, Photo by Eric Ambel
A visible bulge at the center of the Milky Way is where our Galactic center, Mayan Hunab Ku, radiates from constellation Sagittarius. Galactic counter-center focuses on the Pleiades, Orion and Gemini. The Pleiades have long been associated in traditional mysticism with higher consciousness. Ancient wisdom of the Hindu, Maya and Egyptians all had focus on the Pleiades and Orion. Such cultures built pyramids which aligned with these constellations. Not only might this section of the sky be seen as the symbolic crown chakra of the galaxy, but it coincides with the New Age interpretation that the Photon Belt or surge of cosmic energy particles is increasingly churning through the galaxy from galactic center to counter-center, a belt through which Earth is starting to pass and will become totally enfolded by 2012.
Production company: Shapiro Entertainment
Robert Heinecken (6 silver dye bleach prints, 1988)
K.M. Walton writes contemporary YA, middle grade suspense, picture books and nonfiction. Her debut contemporary YA novel, CRACKED comes out from Simon Pulse ~ Simon & Schuster January 3, 2012. She is fortunate to be represented by the lovely Sarah LaPolla from Curtis Brown Ltd.
We played scrabble in teams. Except for one member who we made play without a partner. Because she has all the two letter words from the Scrabble dictionary memorized. Did you know that "Jo" means sweetheart?
Friday night came and I was in a crappy mood yet again, all because of Friday day. I didn't have anything planned to work on and basically stared at the wall for a couple of hours. Then I decided that I was going to make a quilt out of StudioE's Bubble Trouble line since I have a bolt of every SKU.
This months featured speakers are:
They are a massively useful addition to our fitness regime… and needless to say we have ordered ourself a boxlot for future use!
As one of my colleagues have named the event… it was purely SHOWBIZ… plucking the prejudiced heartstrings of Filipinos who whine yet do not act, of constant critics but do not provide for alternatives; of Filipinos influenced to clap for something that they do not fully understand.
This video speaks for itself.. Is this our heroes of enforcement ? Our Malaysian Knight in shining armour ? Knights that uphold our constitution and protect the rakyat ?
I want to expand a little on Friday's post. I think the most important criterion to evaluate before querying an agent is that agent's record of sales. Agents should be agenting and therefore selling stuff on a fairly regular basis. And they should be selling stuff that is in the genre of the work you are pursuing representation for.
I have to be extra careful with Mister Man, however. Not only does his Asperger's mean that he's extra sensitive, but his teacher isn't the best at grading. She'll miss problems that are clearly wrong, and sometimes she'll incorrectly mark a problem wrong that isn't. That drives me batty, but I do my best not to let it show.
had a little chat with sweet future-dentist, a chinese form alor setar before walking towards 2 of my former schoolmates (najee & muna). asked muna how was the flow of her session, and she was so kind to share those with us :) then came the friend who i met at the front door, seating by my side. (adeh, teringat plkn, duduk sebelah2 mcm tu, adeh nasib baik dah 'well-trained'). he went through my FIRST resume, and i looked into his. (ohh saya sangat malu, resume saya tak best ponnn =.=) i told myself, it's ok farhana, it was your first resume =.=
He's plenty big enough to fill with wrapped candies and can be illuminated using a battery operated light source. * No real candles please.*
Join Us on Goodwill Week for 25% Savings & Show Mama Some Love: May 7th – 13th. This year, Goodwill Industries Week is followed by Mother’s Day, so Goodwill Industries of Greater New York and Northern New Jersey decided to honor both with a week-long storewide sale. Starting Monday, May 7, each day features 25% off on a different sale item, culminating with 25% off on women’s accessories, handbags and jewelry Saturday-Sunday, May 12-13.
MM: I hate both of them.
"AAAAHHHHHH OOOOOHHHHHH EEEEEEE.....yyyyyeah, yyyyyyyeah, c'mon, c'mon"
On the contrary, we had a very enjoyable afternoon in which we talked and talked, opening our hearts and sharing our recent joys, discoveries, disappointments. I found her changed, mature and fulfilled. I finally felt that she doesn’t need me any more, we are now on the same level. I already lived this feeling with First Son: this kind of detachment in virtue of which the imperious need to supervise what they are doing in order to protect them, changes into a loving curiosity to follow them ‘from afar’ on the path of their life.
According to Council Member James, “It is tragic that 400 Canada geese were killed in Brooklyn’s historic Prospect Park. This extreme action appears to be a belated response to last year’s Delta crash into the Hudson River caused by migratory birds that entered the plane’s engines. Prospect Park’s birds lived permanently in the park, and my office has heard from constituents that believe they were not a threat to the region’s air safety, but merely sacrificed as scapegoats. Also, the fact that the killing of these birds took place without prior community or local-elected official notification is an indication that this plan was not well-developed.”
This is a very simple design that works very, but will get very hot and last a long time. So please make sure that you are using it outside, or in a place that can withstand the heat of the can.
Tomás is a Visual Arts student aiming for Concept Art. He draws, writes, plays games and turns junk into other stuff among other things. You can see some of his works at tomsp.tumblr.com.
Scale mail ($60+) - most scale mail armor seen in Wampus Country is lovingly handcrafted out of actual animal-scales, rather than pieces of metal or ceramic. Some young bucks take pride in wearing a suit of armor (leather & scale) composed entirely of a snollygoster they killed themselves.
Joseph McGrath & the cast of THE WINTER’S TALE
I stopped reading Shadow Kiss when there was only 1/3 of the book left to read. I couldn't get myself to enjoy it. Sorry, I know that there are lots of you who loved this series. Reading should be F-U-N, right? So I grabbed some other book to read which I enjoyed and loved--The Day Before by Lisa Schroeder. It's a beautiful story. Emotional and deep. It was written in verse so I finished it in two hours. Really good book, I loved it! I also finished Tempting the Best Man by J. Lynn (Jennifer Armentrout). It was really fun and sexy and yummy. Very enjoyable read and I loved it too! I guess I really had a couple of good reads last week even though I wasn't able to finish Shadow Kiss. I am also reading City of Lost Souls by Cassandra Clare (yes!!!) and I AM ENJOYING IT. No further comment (yet).
Day 9: Daily Routine
Solution: Having potatoes will do the trick!! Bananas, cottage cheese, humus or rice (brown or white) are also good. According to researchers, giving in to this craving will squash it in 10 minutes and keep it at bay for up to eight hours straight! So have the potatoes!!
Casey never even looked at Michael, as he raped her. She turned her head away from him, and she focused her mind on her family. She knew this was probably her last night on this earth, and she took herself out of the wicked situation by thinking about anything other than what was happening. Her friend’s warned her about Billy. And she was curious if any of them had been through the exact same terror. The things she could have done, things she should have done. And things she wished had never happened. By the grace of God, she was much more sober than the boys thought she was. And she could scope out her surroundings, trying to figure our how she could escape. She focused on anything other than that moment.
Charles can earn $9 while Mary earns $4: how many dollars will Charles earn while Mary earns $28?
The word hallelujah means “praise the Lord”. I had always associated that phrase with joyful exclamation. I also associated it with agreement, false humility, and a lack of knowing what else to say but still wanting to sound reasonably pious. It was a religious phrase that was rather loaded, to be honest, and I was very weary of loaded religious phrases.
Then what? Oh, yes. I put the jam on the table. Well, sort of threw it and threw it again when it landed on its side. Picked it up and SLAMMED it down.
It’s worth trying the traditional Nepalese dhindo set ($18.95–$24.90) which comes with dhindo, a millet porridge that is more often found in Nepalese hillside villages than in Sydney restaurants. The porridge is definitely an acquired taste, with an odd, gluey consistency and sandy texture on the tongue, but it improves significantly if you eat it together with the curry. Dhindo is high is protein, and usually eaten in hilly or rural areas of Nepal where rice is difficult to cultivate.
Water temperatures are showing in the mid range 40s at this time, which may determine the trout are a little slower to respond early on in the day, once temps rise a few degree’s then that will promote the fish to feed. Best results when wade fishing will be obtained fishing dead drift indicator techniques with numerous fly patterns which should include sowbugs in gray/tan/natural sizes 12 to 18. Midge patterns such as DW white tail, prism and shimmer in sizes 12 to 16 for faster med flow water, for slower shallow water then reduce down to 16 to 22 hook size, variations of shimmer and zebra style will generally be good. Color may make a difference so include black, red, gray, claret in the midge selections. Micro prism worms will also be worth fishing in red, tan, orange and olive, sizes 14 to 18. If there is evidence of a rise to midge then include midge emergers and dry fly, such as Adams, baby sun fly, Griffiths gnat, Black gnat. You may also find the trout will respond to slower or dead drift soft hackles, include here, black and silver spider, black spider, hares ear, in sizes from 14 to 18.
... but for now, I'm off to work! I have some beading to do today... back to the torch tomorrow!
The ability to reframe a situation is an important skill that can transform your life and our world. Today, take time to clear your lenses so you can view life from a higher perspective.
unaware of each other’s existence,
(Taking Robin's hand)
And I want to baby you make me want to,
I'm pretty certain that if I worked a 9-5 job in some cubicle I would never hear this stuff:
The police found their most wanted necrophile collapsed on the morgue floor in a state of shock.
We must also fight for the hearts and minds of Muslims. Jihad is at the core of Islam. It is the method through which militant Islam tries to rule the world. It is the rule, not the exception.
Tsuchigumo, is a spider from Japanese mythology:
One day I woke up to view the multicultural world and saw a sharia-governed world instead. Multicultural society had become an Islamic society.
Each arrangement is unique and different, to be savored like fine wine
Butter paddles (for butter balls)
-one gets asked the same questions over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over.
dash of cooking wine
In the kitchen, dishes filled the sink, breakfast food was spilled on the counter, the fridge door was open wide, dog food was spilled on the floor, a broken glass lay under the table, and a small pile of sand was spread by the back door.
Thank you all for your comments on the previous article.
Ultimately, it comes down to my view of humanity as a whole, which could be summarised as ‘we believe what we want to believe’ but would be better expanded to ‘we are drawn to those beliefs that resonate with us and driven from those that repulse us’. And further: we are drawn to those beliefs that will further allow us to support the beliefs we already have. People want to be consistent – talk to anyone who’s ever worked in professional survey design and they will tell you that one of the reasons that the order of questions matters is that people will answer the last questions in a way that ensures they stay in line with their answers to the first questions, even if they might otherwise answer in a very different way. Asking questions in the right order is practically hypnotism. We all know this. Consistency is important.
Starring: Florence Henderson ("The Brady Bunch"), Donna Mills ("Knotts Landing"), Pam Grier
Phone: 0113 248 4288
Earth’s ocean cloud cover is strongly correlated with GCR flux modulated by solar cycle variations. Refer to Figure 3.
For many many many years I have been a fan and collector of the gorgeous Miss Betty Boop. From T-shirts, Board Games inc Betty Boop MONOPOLY, Posters, Figurines, Glassware, Blankets and the list goes on and on and on and yes on some more :)
Can’t end this post without a bow to my man, Ben Franklin. Ben, you are “The man!” Thank you for creating the first free libraries in the U S of A. I fell in love the day I walked into the Enoch Pratt free library in Charm city and the love saga continues!
You make me happy when skies are grey…
-NECK BREAKER! 1…2…THREE!
So I had a wonderful 21st birthday on saturday, but luckily for me, it's not over yet. This weekend I'm heading to San Francisco with my best friends and staying over Easter!
Grapefruit
Pizza, Love, and Other Stuff That Made Me Famous - Kathryn Williams
Soo, I have a couple more pages for you to see today and I will post a couple more tomorrow. Thanks for everyone being so patient.
9) I enjoy a variety of music, including classical, Gregorian chants, pop, hip hop and lots more. My favourite band is the Black Eyed Peas.
Hope you photography enthusiasts out there try these out! You’ll be glad you did. :)
Goldenhawk fabric top I mentioned I was starting back in this post. This top was meant to be a shortened version of view B since I thought that it was far far too long for me.
In the photographs showing the team following the heart transplant, the faces in the picture are all white. No mention is made of the black employees, who conducted the earlier experiments on dog hearts in the animal research lab. Experiments which were of essential importance to the eventual success of the human transplant. While they were not present in the operating theatre, it was their work that laid the foundations for the transplant. One of them was Hamilton Naki.
Thomas Patrick Cullen, 31, New York, N.Y.
‘Objections, digression, gay mistrust, the delight in mockery are signs of health: everything unconditional belongs in pathology.’ and ‘Madness is rare in individuals– but in groups, parties, nations, and ages it is the rule.’ (before Carlin, with Clemens)
Add in butter, mix until mixture resembles coarse crumbs.
I suppose this British paper felt obliged to use the obvious Sherlock Holmes reference, but it doesn’t work when nothing about Watson’s one-stroke, playoff victory was elementary. In fact, if not for a hooking moonshot from the trees that defied the laws of basic physics, Watson would have gone home wearing only his buttoned-up polo.
1. Doin' What Comes Natur'lly (2:40)
Blend cream cheese and eggs and season with pepper & garlic powder
The government didn’t offer to buy the land it walled off from the rest of Texas, or to compensate people for the subsequent devaluation. It offered only to pay for the strips of land that were seized for the fence’s path.
Dave Veres - 3.6 WAR = 2 points
“One of our goals is to get brewers to print a PSA testing message on the back of beer coasters they use to promote their brands in restaurants and taverns around the country,” Lyke said. “Men can tell you about their favorite IPA(India Pale Ale), but few know about their PSA (Prostate Specific Antigen). We need to help educate them about getting the simple blood test that measures prostate specific antigens because it can save their lives.”
However, the statement that caught my attention from the article was “one third of American adults are obese and another third are overweight. Some obesity specialists and patient advocates say new drugs are desperately needed“.
Hopefully things will settle out this week and I'll be able to get back to work. I've got lots of ideas jumping around in my head. I need start letting some of them out before they cause a riot. That's the thing about ideas, they can be quite dangerous when they put their mind to it.
tomato - 2
I have a few pictures. They don’t really do the guest bathroom justice.
I also wanted to tell you about a paper that Mikey had to work on in his class today. I am always so worried that he will not include you when he has to do "family worksheets", but today, he made me so proud! He had to write everybody in his family's name, and also an adjective to describe them. he chose "Cute Carter" for you. Couldn't be any more accurate in my opinion! Just for the record, he also chose "long-tongued Brutus" which cracks me up to no end.
It wasn’t my time. I have something to do yet. And it feels like it’s got to be something big. Something maybe as big as my dreams and goals are. That is exciting! I roll out of the sleeping bag at 5 o’clock each morning to come out to the farm to care for the animals with anticipation of what this new day is going to bring.
The Student Union was largely concerned with scrabbling around for a quorum, every mention of which prompted a bellow of "scrotum!" from the Rugby Club props who seemed to think the debating chamber was their changing room. It was so apolitical that we had an SDP Union President for about five years - the SDP being the political party for people who don't like politics.
And now I've forgotten why she's here at all and all things she said.
“The 5 A* -C measure is quite a crude one with which to judge schools that are already taking the top 20-30% of children.
Then Justin asks him to find the frog. He starts looking. I get a bit confused - I’m looking at this very clear underwater sea diagram and thinking “oh no, am I losing it? I don’t know where the frog is!”
Last week we took a trip to the Arabian Knights Farm. My very good friend Gabi volunteers there on the weekend so she was so nice to invite us and let us get up close to some beautiful animals!
Service was very slow but not so bad as to draw ire. Here's what we ordered for food:
I can't think of a good reason to forgive it.
How often have the miles waxed wide, the woods and mountains come between
This is a recurring problem. The owners/managers seem to be in the business to sell alcohol and sleep with strippers, not run a proper club and always get involved around the same time as the police, so drama is entirely out of control relative to any other club in the area. It bothers me my ex works there when they have these sorts of cultural problems, especially considering she was injured by a customer last year who grabbed her in private dance when the bouncer was too busy watching the girl on stage to pay attention. All the more respectable, better managed clubs in the area are nude though and she’ll only do topless.
CONFESSIONS OF A LITTLE BLACK GOWN Elizabeth Boyle
The family of Bob in More Deaths Than One certainly helped create him, especially since that was the basis of the story. He comes home from an 18-year sojourn in Southeast Asia to discover that the mother be buried before he left is dead again. He goes to her funeral and sees his brother, but they had never been close, so he doesn’t make contact. Bob also sees himself, but a doppelganger isn’t really family, so it doesn’t have any part of this discussion.
You don't want to wake up the morning of your wedding with a hangover or exhausted, and you definitely don't want to oversleep.
I don’t buy the argument for one minute that the creatives of today are less talented than their brethren from yesteryear.
We Going Big or Going Home!!!!
White ash, red oak, young elm, grape vine, red osier,
Concert:
Add 3 cups of water to empty saucepan and add 3 cups sugar and cream of tartar. Place over medium high heat and cook until sugar has dissolved. Add lemon peels to water and reduce to simmer over medium heat and allow to cook, stirring occassionally, until temperature measured with a candy thermometer reaches 230 degrees Fahrenheit ....about 50-55 minutes. They will look transluscent. (Mine actually took 65 minutes to reach the stage that they looked transluscent - I reduced it too low because I was worried it would hit 230 quickly...but it didn't...and I had to turn it back up. It actually never got above 220 degrees...but that's okay - they turned out great!)
We are running out of March…..ugh. This week I brought with me a couple of Low-fi bw’s to present basic architectural lines……I love how contemporary architecture can give us such simple lines that seem to caress the space. I chose to convert them to black and white in order to allow the eye to focus on the lines, and emphasize the abstractness – do you agree?. I also love the grainy aspect…
I was notified of another pig this time brought into Animal Control in Chilliwak , this is about an hour from me. I was already snow bound but we got lucky with a gal on the island who wanted to adopt. Jean had already done a home check for HONS so this gal was pre-approved! The family sprang into action and made the trek over here and brought this little girl home. A little pig much like our Cotton but i have a gut instinct this little pig was shipped from Ontario , something i worked on about 4 years ago. She looks like she was used as a breeding sow , i worry about the babies now and where is the male ? The peeps who brought her in said they found her and she sat there waiting for her peeps to find her, but no one came looking.
Tonight is the start of a new campaign to unite every American who knows in their heart that we can do better! The last few years have been the best that Barack Obama can do, but it’s not the best America can do!
Added a choker with a pearl.
*I am sure I should go make them read the Bible now or something to offset my my lack of good parenting.
Not to worry though- time heals all wounds. And amazingly enough, I actually ended up signing a contract with HGTV.com earlier this year.
The reason why I asserted last night over on the Vlad Tepes Blog that Bradford West is Europe’s future is that Galloway’s “Respect” party is nothing more than a political reality that is inevitably going to emerge from country to country in Europe, as the demographics shift.
Outside of the fact that this is funny and brings a small argument for Twitter to exist, the reason I find it particularly hilarious is becaue J and I call each other Bagel, and when I feel particularly charitable, I tell people "he's my everything Bagel".
Or free shipping on $75 or more, no known expiration
Hill didn’t stop at fabricating publishers’ comments. He also fabricated publication offers. In the fall of 2005, a number of clients were informed that Crown had made a “verbal offer” on their manuscripts. These offers later evaporated for reasons never fully explained. Then, in July and August of this year, Hill again began promising clients that offers were imminent, naming some of the biggest publishers and production companies in the business--Spyglass Entertainment, HarperCollins, Penguin, Orion, William Morrow, Kensington, and, once again, Crown. He gave specific dates for contract delivery: September 5, September 15, September 20. Certain clients were told that a woman named Karen Watson Sharpe, whom Hill described as “a contracted finder” for whichever publisher was allegedly contemplating an offer, had agreed to “support” the client’s work. A few even heard from Karen, who (in convoluted and error-ridden prose interestingly similar to Hill’s) claimed that she had “read your work and forwarded with praise” and that the manuscript had been “accepted provisionally.”
Naruko Narcissus Total Defense Fundamental Serum
Creative Currency is launching in San Francisco starting with a hackathon-style brainstorming event later this month. Teams of tech talent, community workers, and social service experts will work to solve problems for a neighborhood with one of the Bay Area’s highest poverty rates. Be sure to follow along with what unfolds over the coming months as wider circles of citizens take a direct role in solving community problems.
If I do not have a response by the end of this week, I will be forced to assume that you are deliberately prevaricating with the specific intention of denying me my entitlement, and will consequently be seeking legal advice.
I have entered my cupcakes in these challenges
The benefits of interval training include:
Us: Haha, we bet you feel like a polar bear. It has to be hard to move in all those clothes. How do you keep batteries/cameras working in the frigid temperatures?
I used to be on side 2. Simon was on side 1. Yelp is full of reviews that come from people who want to voice their opinions. Those opinions are combined into a star rating. That is the quick and dirty of it.
Place in preheated oven and bake 45 minutes. Rotate baking sheet, and bake an additional 30-50 minutes, until chips are browned and crisped to your liking. These are best eaten within a couple hours of removing from the oven, as they start to get chewy if left out. One zucchini makes one serving (1/4 C. – 1/3 C. of chips depending on the size of your squash).
Member of the Conklin family were patriots and played in a big part in the town’s affairs. David and his father, Thomas, both signed the Articles of Association in 1774 and were affected by the British during the Battle of Long Island. David left for Connecticut but the rest of the family remained, leaving his wife, Sybil, alone to fend for herself. During that time, the British eventually ransacked the house.
as you stumble through the forest of signs?
6. Paul Williams - Someday Man
3. You need help not punishment – When someone is diagnosed with a mental illness people can drift away, not knowing how to handle it or what to say. This is the worst thing people can do, the love, support and encouragement of those who care about you is all the more vital when a diagnosis is received. People with mental health problems need to be treated like normal, with compassion and understanding. They don’t need to be treated differently or hear crap like “pull yourself together” or “chin-up”. Backing off and abandoning people when they are struggling is only going to add to their problems as they struggle to deal with your behaviour on top of dealing with treatment, medication and stigma elsewhere. Friends and family should just ‘be there’ no-one is saying you have to change because someone you love has a diagnosis, just accept it and be who you have always been in their life that way both of you will be healthier, happier, and more productive.
Picking A Winner
But this article forgot to mention the true countercultural movement of today. The social justice movement. It’s movement of young people all over America, and the rest of the developed world, informing themselves of the global plight of humanity.
This is a recipe my family never complains about and is good leftover, too. It can be served with crackers, biscuits, or toasted garlic bread, but it is quite filling all by itself. My dog is always quite certain he should get his own bowl of stew, too.
Post 25 of 180
But shadows of the dead are stalking Saba.
mini banana muffins
I most feared death when I was ten and my biological father died. Knowing that my father, whom I thought invincible, had died made me afraid to go to sleep at night.
GFAMT!
Proving I am dim.
To continue, give some examples of food chains for students to discuss and understand the idea of energy passing through the different elements of the food chain rather than eating one another. Exercise this by reading each example of food chain as this example: "the sun gives energy to the grass, which gives energy to the mouse, which gives energy to the owl" or " the owl gets energy from the mouse, which gets energy from the grass, which gets energy from the sun".
Is it even really lo-cal?
This is all part of the softening up process. They do this with any group they wish to attack, mainly to justify cuts in pay & conditions. Remember this from an ‘independent advisory panel’?
I don't know if I want to cry or curl up in a ball or what. This sucks. I'm not one to wallow in regret but I sure am today. I feel like I need to be on a liquid diet the rest of the day.
“Mr Miller sees the fans as the customers”. Basil Fawlty would have referred to that as a statement of the bleeding obvious!
At yesterday’s press conference, Louboutin explained that one of the difficulties of the exhibition was that the shoes were necessarily seen as objects rather than being viewed worn. Louboutin said that his designs start from a sketch but they are “never complete until the moment of seeing them on someone’s foot”. Nevertheless, his designs are so sexy and have become so iconic that they don’t even have to be worn to be “complete”. In our fetishistic culture, where images frequently substitute reality, a photo of a pair of Louboutins can be as sexy as someone wearing the red soled shoes.
"1. Freedom of Speech: any speech allowed - except that advocating the end of free speech"
Zimmerman called 911 to report a suspicious black teenager who looked like he might be on drugs.
I was blessed with one of those enjoyably busy days today, but as a result this blog has not seen much action. When I got time to myself I started reading the book of Numbers… I thought I better get a few more big books out of the way.
I want to try and use my Crafters Workshop templates a bit more, I really need to get into the messy side of scrapping......LOL......although with this one I played it safe and just used yellow ink instead of mist with the honeycomb template!!!!! ;)
13. Wind
I did some checking around and found a woodworking company that would be able to cut it down to the right size for me. I had a chance to look around their shop a bit, and when I saw the beautiful routered edges they could add to it, my mind started racing. :)
For the Buddhist, he says,
Holy smokes, do you remember this post from almost exactly seven months ago, about how I was desperately searching for a perfect pair of menswear-styled flat oxfords? Well, today, ladies and gent, I FOUND THEM. I have them right here under my desk, and they are fabulous.
*receives “Understatement of the Year” award*
3. Swim like an Olympian. Okay, maybe not swim that well, but I would love to have more endurance. I love to watch swimmers glide through the water and make it look effortless. My swimming ability is mediocre, but I think I could survive and not drown if I were in that situation. I was never taught how to dive, either. Is it too late for a 40 year old to learn to dive?
The IPCC thinks the sun plays nary a role on climate and that anthropogenic factors explain almost the entire warming since 1850.
“Whatever anyone says about his performance in this film, to my mind he certainly looked the part,” notes Mandy. “And this image was already well known to blues fans: just look at the LP cover (The Mike Raven Blues Sampler). I think this is why they approached him. He certainly had never heard of the production company, or of Tom.”
The prize: The top two stories in the reader poll will net each of their authors a $20 Amazon gift card.
Green eyes sparkling while she smirked
In addition, the results revealed some other interesting things about life abroad:
I noticed during our walk home the large advertisement on the Conciergerie has been changed -- what used to be an ad for the iPad now says, "Yo, the justice system is modernizing, ALL FOR YOU."
Our DT girls over at MAWTT have been very busy and have made some fab creations this week so come on over to the challenge blog and have a look, you're bound to be inspired.
Is there such a thing as balance then? I think things even themselves out in the long run and you'll go crazy trying to find that perfect balance across everything you want to do. Focus on what's important now, don't forget that living a full life and having fun is just as important as paying your rent and congratulate yourself when you get one more thing checked off your to-do list. Personally I recommend doing that with a nice glass of red wine.
Heat a large Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add oil to pan; swirl to coat. Add zucchini, onion, and garlic; sauté 4 minutes.
For example: On average, women are paid less than men for the same amount of work. If you also take into account that women generally do the most work in terms of housework and caring for children, then women are paid less than men for doing more work.
I notice some women look at me as they pass, I realise what they see.
Writer's block has never been a problem. But there are always two bad "moments" in every worthwhile project.
Without a band and seated on a small stool, Butler could’ve been busking back in Perth, just like he did in the early days of his career. Except that anyone who expected just acoustic guitar and vocals would be sadly mistaken because he would use extra elements like a stomp box, delay pedals and loops to create an almost full-band sound just like Liam Finn did on his debut, solo album tour. And there was certainly nothing lacking when all of this was combined with Butler’s stellar, virtuoso-like playing.
Moo (as in what a cow says)
Home Alone ... FMC ... 12 PM
Today’s workout is another rep challenge, but it looks WAY harder than the last one. Also, the last exercise, the Reverse pull-up: I have NO IDEA how I’m going to do it. I don’t have anything to do pull-ups with here in the house. I think my only option might be to do them on the deck, in the corner, using the railing. I’ll let you know how that goes…
Legend has it that Coral has healing effects. Some believe that coral enables the wearer to open their heart Chakra and be able to recognize one’s blessing and to be able to find the joy and happiness in their lives.
And then the excitement. While going through security, a SHOUT. Security people answered loudly, halted the lines and in military precision took places and stood at attention. Silence. It was strange, the only sound was the loudspeaker, regularly announcing flights. .
But I was struggling with typhoid and then the pain came. I couldn’t sleep and my phone network was down.
BBBBBBrrrrppppp, rip, ripp, pow "Perdone," I heard from the back...
His food, Mr. Campbell says, would consist of fats and hydrocarbons. Trying to get life energy from these sources is like trying to burn gasoline under water”it can be done, but you need an awful lot of gas. Therefore, a Venus man would have a grossly protuberant belly and heavy, columnar legs to support his bulk. Because his energy source is poor, his movements would be lumbering and sluggish. And since he must eat such huge quantities, he would literally eat himself out of house and home, living a nomadic life, constantly on the prowl for food.
of Bush's singing that's prevented her from breaking America.
The signing of the oath marks a dramatic transformation in the fortunes of the 66-year-old who was held under house arrest for much of the past 20 years but is now central to the nation’s tentative transition to democracy.
- Stay Friday, Saturday and get Sunday Free
This photo was taken way back in 2004.
I have a guilty habit that I’m coming out of so I have the confidence to confess it. In doing research about a personal subject of interest years ago I hooked on to two women’s online stories. The stories progress in time but the women do not seem to improve in character or their goal. Each story spans a period of 4-6 years and each woman is still spinning her wheels. It is like watching a train crash and it is so hard to turn away.
right back singing plaintive songs
Police said the subject was reported to have pointed a handgun at a vehicle. All public schools in the area were notified and went into a "soft" lock-down.
It's a bit nasty. Banana? No spice. Burny alcohol
First of all, I would like to look at its official Website, http://www.prcouture.com/. When you visit the Website, the first page shows you all about information and news that you can expect and find from ‘PR Couture’. On top of the menu bar, there are ‘About, Read All, Goodies, and Find an Agency’. All menus have sub-menus, and users can be easily aware of what content each sub-menu contains; when users move their mouse on the menu, the details drop down.
Craig Howe
“The truth shall set you free,” a memorable Biblical phrase tells us. It does not say the truth shall make us comfortable or happy. Into The Cannibal’s Pot fits this mold: it is an interesting, important, well-written and well-documented book that informs the reader but is likely to upset, perhaps even anger, some or many of them.
SJ tripped, fell onto the path.
7. i'm still NOT done cleaning house.
Only in Philadelphia does ALL of this stuff happen.
And then here comes my character, Michael, to puncture that reality, not only by setting the scene and telling us what happens offstage in future times, but also by weaving himself into the action of the play. So, as an actor making Michael a real person, I have to ask: why?
At the start of the week both Scott Drug Report Rambachan and Kamla Rani announced that citizens had urged them to hold public meetings to discuss matters of national importance. Of course the Trinidad Express revealed that a group of citizens gathered at the PM’s home to petition against the route of the new proposed highway….maybe Rambachan misheard and then misquoted…because it certainly couldn’t be anything else.
Arla’s behaviour is perhaps understandable. The boycott will apparently cost the company some $65-million, and has already forced it to lay off some 50 workers.
Reports say President Aquino recently went to dinner with radio/TV host Grace Lee. Some people are calling it a ‘date.’ Sumama lang sa dinner, may ‘romance angle’ na agad? ‘Di ba pwedeng napilitan lang?
writing a song, I like to think I'm a man, not physically but
Reissue of Divine Facing and Fireborn EPs by Norma Evangelium Diaboli on February 20th, 2005.
Must be able to work under pressure and stress and must be able to meet daily deadlines. Must possess a valid State Driver’s License (or be able to get one). Must have working knowledge of digital video photography and non-linear editing. Working knowledge of Final Cut Pro is a big plus.
9Making no division between them and us, but making clean their hearts by faith.
Brixton Village on a Sunday morning smells of stale fish, corrugated iron and puddles. The Brick Box café is a golden door in the desolation. There’s no one around except for a toddler fleeing from his father and a man hammering nails into a broken drawer outside the café.
Sugar can be adjusted according to one taste.
Of course, they're right to do so. When a campaign fails, there is only one reason for it doing so: the agency fucked it up, the stupid, useless cunts. Obviously. They're the agency.
Interested parties gathered in the small, cold room; the two principal doctors picked up their instruments to begin cutting...and then Anne made a “raddling noise” in the back of her throat. One doctor said it was merely some air coming back from the lungs. A student thumped on her chest to help bring up the rest of this and the instruments were wielded once again. But then Anne’s eyelid was seen to twitch.
The problem was that whenever we were canvassing The Look it mostly always took place during a very specific period of our lives. It would be that period where we'd be having a prolonged break from heroin, after having paid off our debts, having brought a new wardrobe of clothes, after having caught up with all the latest books, films and music, then suddenly having nothing much to do or buy – money building up in the bank, and at home a stock of clean needles gradually building up in the bedroom. It always started with the needles and then progressively other things would creep in: listening to the Heartbreakers; watching heroin DVDs and punk documentaries; looking at our old junk photos; reminiscing about scoring and the characters we'd met. Some nights we would get teary eyed with happiness and nostalgia, and even the couple of bouts of sickness we had shared together we built up into a tremendous feat, laughing and grimacing at how torturous those days were. That's how it always started. Then the hats and scarves would come out, the loose round tops, exposed necks and love bites, cuts, perfume that smelled of centuries old musk. We'd triple our methadone doses and wander around the city. We'd, sit outside cafés, visit chemists, go home, chuck the needles with the others and spend the evening watching more of the same heroin films. From that point on it was never long before Anne would arrive home one day and I'd say: “I've got a surprise!”
You need to have the right people in your life for support and counsel.
Pack 6: Dallas Clark, D.J. Williams, Taylor Price RC, Hakeem Nicks
What could he possibly have to show me? What was this special thing he was about to share with me? My heart started to race. I wasn't sure if it was from anticipation of what he might bring back or out of fear that he was going to show me more clothes. He returned with a photo album.
Line the bottom of your serving container with the crust. If I was serving at home, I'd use a pretty cocktail glass, but if I'm taking it to a party, I'd use clean plastic cups. Press the crust into the bottom of the container with a spoon (for stemware) or by using the bottom of another plastic cup (disposable cups). Fill each container with about 1/3-1/2 cup of the whipped cream mixture, and top with berries. The berries should be whole fruit, fresh or thawed from previously frozen. Spoon beer sauce over the top of the fruit and serve.
GRAPHIC 45 ALTERED CHRISTMAS BOX; SAT. NOV. 5 AT 10A $26
3 T butter, softened
I think Beyonce is a pretty young woman and for someone in showbiz she definitely maintains a good image. I really don’t even know how she manages to stay out of arguments and the like with all of the attacks that are often flung at her. I like some of her songs; others of them, not so much. However, overall, I think she makes really good music. I also think she’s one hec of a performer and I really admire her (for her seemingly calm and gentle nature and for her amazing work ethic).
H.A.M.S. - Have A Mother Society Orphanage
Cup of noodles
The widths between ceiling joists, and therefore the ope widths that need to be accommodated, vary from building to building. Rather than manufacture the stairways with varying widths to fit each type of ope width that might be encountered, which would have been too expensive, the prior art settled on a standard width and adjusted for the difference by bending the metal support arms. A problem with the prior art was a limit to the width that could be tolerated by bending. If the ope width departed too far from the standard, the arms were unable to operate freely and more strain was applied to them, eventually leading to failure of the pivot joints. The patent sought to solve these problems as follows:
I was reading O magazine, and came across 3 words "Joy, Honesty and Meaning". That's what I want for the 2011.
Gold Williams Bros. Ceilidh 90 Lager 4.7
“Butter”cream Frosting
The Witness lay down beside the Gate and tucked his chin around the edge. After a moment lying still, he pulled himself through, rolling around the lip of the opening in a slide that looked oddly like falling out of bed. At least, it did until gravity on the far side of the Gateway pulled Dagdan back against the ground, upside-down relative to Pevan.
And to think I would never get nominated for anything in my life:). Thanks Randall Dean Scott. Hmmn…do I need to prepare a speech?! (Just kidding)- Thanks much!
Then I let it rest in the good old Florida sunshine.
I did like that the story was loosely based on a famous poem by an English poet, I can't tell you which without giving some of the story away. It didn't fit exactly in my opinion, but I still think it was a great way to incorporate such a famous poem into a story for young teens. Hopefully it will get teens interested in poetry!
For awhile there, I couldn't believe it all. I mean, it's been a pretty long time since someone actually held my hand everywhere (and I mean everywhere), kissed me passionately in public, and do other nice, lovely, warm things to me at random. Like pick me up from the train station when there was absolutely no necessity to , take a half day off from work at random to come see me sooner etc. I mean, maybe if he was some plain, needy, boring guy, maybe. I wouldn't be surprised then. Heh. But his ex-girlfriend list is something that would make a lot of other people jealous, for sure. I've seen their photos, they're hot as hell and probably very intelligent to boot.
I’ve suffered indignation, abuse, mental and physical, hardship, loss, death, betrayal and absolute isolation.
For years, the Indonesian government geology office has been breathlessly issuing warnings of imminent eruption at Merapi, causing hundreds if not thousands to flee, only to witness a harmless puff of steam as a result. Consequently, when the ‘offical’ warning went out last weekend, most folks on the mountain did what most Indonesians do with government here: ignored it. It was a combination of the ‘boy who cried wolf’ syndrome and prevailing culture. One notable exception was the man charged with guarding and communicating with the mountain spirits. Like the captain of a ship, he went down with the first blast.
On the bright side, I think that many young teens will find this futuristic fantasy set in "New Beijing" enjoyable because Ms. Meyer sets up her heroine as the victim on many levels, thus readers will empathize not only with Cinder's lack of self-reflection and self-knowledge but also with her status as "other". In contrast, equally young Prince Kai seems thoughtful, balanced, dimensional, and deliberate, at least when it counts plausibility-wise. He's a heartthrob too, and I'm guessing that girls - clearly the audience for Cinder - will dream quite a few little dreams of him as they await the next two installments of this series.
I used all of these bits to set the scene for the first chapter of Rubicon Ranch: A Collaborative Novel, a novel being written online by me and eight other Second Wind authors, especially the discarded furniture. I do believe I have seen enough old furniture in my walks to furnish a living room, but the piece that most captured my imagination was the television sitting out in the middle of nowhere. No road led to the television, just a footpath. Yet there it was. And so it appears in my chapter:
Ninkasi smiled again. No major problems. Hit my numbers in the mash and pre-boil gravity. Collected about 6 gallons, and got an OG of 1.050. I was shooting for 1.046. Close enough for Gubmint work, I suppose.
When he didn’t reply, she let out a sigh of resignation and headed for the door. At the last minute she turned to him. “Thanks for almost making it happen between us.”
Today we are sorting out the last of the gifts we are making and figuring out what still needs doing and I have an ENTIRE day to work on Christmas details. I stumbled upon a lovely set of photos and ideas this morning in the Anthology Gift Guide, revolving around holiday traditions, new and old. I love them all, but this one in particular got me to thinking. It's an Activity Advent Calendar, and it's meant to cover a month of Christmas doings. I think that is pretty brilliant, but then I got to thinking further and realized that what we REALLY should do in this house, is to make next year's calendar NOW. Maybe not put the dates on it right yet, but make an activity for say, twenty of the twenty-five days so that when next year rolls around we can place the days around the things already on the calendar. The coolest thing, is that by next year, we will only have a vague recollection of what we put into it. It really will be a surprise for everyone! For us, it will be a way to be sure that enough time is spent doing family based activities and not running around like crazy just "getting things done".
+ Guest-blogging
But when this ‘unexpected stuff’ places unreasonable pressure on my family that I consider to be unsustainable, I speak up. And when I do speak up, I tell the truth because I think it’s important for those around me to know that, just like them, there is a human side to me, as well as a professional side. My human side is my family, with very real needs. I can’t cover this up.
The idea of widening Governor’s Road and a lack of short-term improvements for pedestrians, cyclists and transit in the draft master plan drew fire from Transportation for Livable Communities, which made a submission suggesting the plan did not deliver on its objectives or principles and argued the draft plan does more to accommodate cars than sustainable forms of transportation.
Another full of pizazz
Japanese people don't just talk about Godzilla, how their teenage kids are off saving the world, or how they should combine violating someone while greeting them. Japanese writing isn't just moon runes either, and is actually intelligible to many people. It's actually a lot easier than it seems, much like colorful haired girls to guys with equally colorful and huge hair.
For the first contest “Gluttony” the winner will receive a sinfully delicious (see what I did there?) batch of k8edid’s Top-Secret World-Famous Chocolate Chip Cookies, vacuum packed and shipped overnight to their destination (mainland U.S. only) AND a $20 donation will be made, in their name, to the Food Bank or other hunger-fighting charitable organization of their choosing. If the winning entry is from a writer outside the contiguous 48 US states, the winner shall designate a local eatery for which they will receive a $20 gift certificate (or cash) - or the winner may wish to have donated, in their name, an additional $20 to the charitable organization of their choosing. Each contest will have a “themed” prize awarded and a charitable donation made to an appropriate organization, designated by the winner. (I don’t know, but for “Lust” is there a Hookers’ Benevolent Fund??)
This novel is so well written, the love story between Colin and Willa is so great, along with the cautious friendship between Paxton and Sebastian, that could be more, if only he wasn't gay. The thing about SAA is that she writes characters so well, draws them so finely, and yet she manages to surprise you each time. She also excels at writing relationships and layering them and making this pattern you only see when you close that final cover and sit back and think about things.
Hero Arts script, Serendipity sentiment and the rest are from an Inkadinkado flower set.
The societies of the ancient past that have put the Moon in a masculine category have reasons for doing so. In truth, energy is what it is. You can call it by any name you so choose, but it still is what it is. More often than not, the cultures that have attached the label of maleness to the Moon are cultures that are patriarchal in their nature, and therefore the inner knowing that exists within all humans is labeled by them as masculine and is symbolized by the Moon.
“In this sense,” Meacham writes, “‘politicizing’ might be best translated as ‘beating us up and we don’t have anything much to say to stop it.’”
I was really disappointed that Tim and Mum and Dad missed it because i think that without doing the Rim Walk there is not all that much to Kings Canyon. The Riverbed walk is not really worth the massive drive out there to get to it but seeing the canyon from the top, and seeing it at sunrise, was absolutely magic.
There is someone I need to see
So don't wait, they won't last long. CamelCamelCamel is a website I use to price check items. Camel says that this is THE lowest price these dutch ovens have ever been (Camel's history goes back to 2008.)
Now, I have no idea if my mom’s mind continued on to explore the possibilities of her wondering. (My mom reads the blog, so maybe she can tell us.) As a child with a big imagination, I can tell you for sure that my mind did. I would make up stories to follow those “I wonder” statements, and even to this day I still do.
Sligo Rovers v Bohemians – Friday 7.45
Can you see where this is going?
This morbid, sick, deranged Kabuki Theater.
Don't get me wrong; I really like the bangles.
Cold Opening – WikiLeaks TMZ
Here's three more for you to take a look at:
Jack blinked. "The city councilman?"
Love is when both parties know that they love each other.
Taken from Wiki, "Under a U.S. federal law, 16 CFR Part 453 (known as the Funeral Rule), if a family provides a casket they purchased elsewhere, the establishment is required to accept the casket and use it in the services. If the casket is delivered direct to the funeral home from the manufacturer or store, they are required to accept delivery of the casket. The funeral home may not add any extra charges or fees to the overall bill if a family decides to purchase a casket elsewhere. If the casket was bought from the funeral home, these Regulations require bills to be completely itemized."
The most common reason people don't like us is that they feel we're too hard on agents and publishers. Some people think we're really mean to the well-intentioned but clueless agents we warn against. They point out, truthfully, that their intent is not criminal. Well...yeah. But if they charge fees and have no sales, their INTENT becomes rather secondary, don't you think?
Finally, there are a number of oddities which follow on A theory. For instance, it means that the saints in heaven can hardly keep up with us when we ask them for prayers, since they must respond in ‘real-time’ (unless they are outside of time and God is simply reporting to them how many times various people ask them for prayer – but for the prayers to be efficacious those prayers still have to be heard by God who is in time). It also makes prayers for the dead seem meaningless, since those dead are already either in Heaven or in Hell, and prayer itself, then, cannot have causal effects from the future to the past (unless God responds not to the act of prayer, but merely to the knowledge that the act will occur). So that, where a pastor may pray to receive money for his/her ministry, and then receives it, but also notices that the causal chain which inevitably ended in her/him receiving the money was begun before the prayer for the money, that pastor would be in her/his right mind to suppose that they received the money not because God was answering their prayer, but just as a matter of coincidence. This is all profoundly counter-intuitive to Christian piety.
Ok. I don't think that piece is horrible, but I'm not stoked about it.....but, it does create in my mind a bunch of new ideas in having made it. Therefore, I believe it was worth doing. So, at the risk of looking like an ass, sometimes I think I'm going to post about some stuff that isn't working, that is suspect, that is a back to the drawing board exercise. Why not. What do you guys think?
Lola: So he's not really that bad.
Lessons in this company is great because the team will make sure you learn the ropes regarding how to do your job. They’ll also provide you with real responsibilities depending on your work description, what exactly you sent applications for is what you receive. McDonalds has become a success with America, in the whole world. One reason for the reason is they’ve got talented, loyal, and well-treated employees.
In other words, yes, I got better at being rejected the more often I was rejected.
When my planned pregnancy resulted in miscarriage I was devastated. I couldn't understand what I had done wrong, why this had happened to me. Was I so undeserving? Was this payback for my feelings regarding my first pregnancy, all those years ago?
Of violated privacy and broken trust
Martha, be careful for what you wish. Bill might just be available for a wedding. After all, he did once opine to his former AM co-host Megyn Kelly (as a guest on her America Live show in a pertinent discussion) that he did not see anything wrong with office romance if it did not interfere with the lovers’ work.
- Nobody has taken to the barricades when the Union Jack and Flag of St George were deemed 'inappropriate'.
Absolutely nothing.
My first day at Saray I was first of all overwhelmed by the realization that so many children were moaning or whimpering and no one was responding to their cries. The children in the Continuous Care units moan when they are in pain or hungry. After returning on a regular basis we soon realized that in those units the children do not cry like normal children would. These children learned that no one will come when they cry and so one by one began to shut off to the outer world. Or they learned that lusty, healthy crying results in a slap in the face. So they moan.
I love Willingdon because there is a spray water park for the kids, sand, ocean, and a playground so they NEVER get bored!
Paula Al-Lach, head of exhibitions and events at new tenants BBC Worldwide, said: "I'm thrilled to be formally accepting the keys to the building on Monday and can't wait to start moving in.
It's a funny old world. I'm glad it has orchids in it. And Borzoi.
2012-04-25 11:00
Bodebrown Perigosa Imperial Milk Stout comes in a couple of strengths. The beer getting most of the crowd noise at the event in Raleigh was the 21 percent alcohol by volume giant that is aged in Hungarian oak and former Bourbon barrels. The beer is a thick black pour with a minimal head. There is a sweet and roasted nose that opens up as the beer warms slightly. The beer is full flavored with tons of dark fruits, wood and chocolate throughout. The high alcohol content is not a major component of the flavor.
After high school I dated and had a couple of boyfriends for short periods of time. And each time they liked me and I liked that. I thought I felt something toward these guys but I think I liked the idea of being important to someone. It was cheapen when I let my guard down to please them. Thinking that maybe if I did what they wanted then I would feel for them what I thought they truly felt for me. I was left with regret and a torn spirit with each one.
My challenge to you is this, if you live outside of my area and you want to try some of the best beers Vancouver island has to offer, lets swap. I’m going to put together a few bomber’s of local craft brew to send away to anyone who’s willing to swap with me. I realize this isn’t a new concept, in fact I was alerted to it by a friend who uses ratebeer for the same purpose. That said, while I love hearing about how good beer X is from this place or that, now’s the time to put your money where the suds are. I’ll match beer for beer with whatever is sent within reason (I need to check postage). It’ll be on the honor system.
When a brutal ferry accident floods the city with injured and the already overwhelmed Takers start disappearing from the Healer’s League, Nya’s talent is suddenly in demand. But what she’s asked to do with her healing ability is beyond wrong and she refuses until her sister Tali goes missing. Finding her sister means taking on the League and to do something that stupid, she’ll need what only her “useless skill” can get her. As her papa used to say, principles are a bargain at any price, but how many will Nya have to sell to get Tali back alive?
But one of my very favorite moments I captured on my phone with great stealth the other day. It was just one of those quiet moments where the kids were playing so nicely together. I absolutely love seeing my children play well together. I see it often with the older girls. It is thrilling to see the start of it with the little boys.
On the MOST EXCITING NEWS EVER front, guess who I get to meet on February 1st!!! Laurie Turk from Tip Junkie. As in Laurie, the Tip Junkie gal herself!!! We're gonna hang-out at the farmhouse and chat about DIY projects. We're also gonna collaborate on some projects for her new home. I'm so friggin excited!!!
Rift Walkers is a dark fantasy saga set in the tattered remains of Earth, nearly ten yeas after the world has met its end.
Which of your shows was the most memorable for you?
Now that you’ve selected a service, choose a date and do what marketers do best—get the word out. Post the event registration on your company’s website, use your social media channels and send out direct mail to notify the appropriate audiences of the event. If your webinar is educational in nature, you can ask to add your event to websites that promote events in the industries you serve. You can also try a referral offer to get that word of mouth marketing going.
Maybe because even having their own or their loved ones futures very close to poverty and destitution some people think of themselves wealthy above chance.
Happily ever after is a thing of the past.
For migration updates in other regions check-
2) Unrolls crepe paper strips in two colors, lays one on the other, scallops together. Starting at one end, on straight side, roll strips tightly, pleating the paper as it rolls. When done, wrap a rubber band tightly around flower 1” from bottom. Wrap duct tape around the base covering rubber band and paper. Fluff flower.
That was when I knew things were about to go awry. “Wud up”. If I were to translate that into a literal language, it would mean “The following conversation is going to make you wish you were deaf”.
I know it's been quite some time since I have blogged...things have been crazy here since the summer and I just haven't gotten my act together yet! ha! I've missed showing you fun stuff,so hopefully in the future, I can continue to show you some fun projects I have been working on!
Except for one dream last night, all of my dreams were just the same: nightmares.
Just being there with college friends brought a lot memories. It was very nostalgic. I know I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again – nothing can ever replace my college life. The moment I stepped out of the tricycle in Katipunan, it’s like 3 years ago all over again. It was so near that I feel like I could grab it, and yet every time I try to reach it, time slaps my face to stop my disillusionment and shouts right at my face: “It was all but a memory now!”
Island’s End by Padma Venkatraman (G.P. Putnam’s Sons, division of Penguin Young Readers Group, 2011). A young girl trains to be the new spiritual leader of her remote Andaman Island tribe, while facing increasing threats from the modern world (Grade 6 & above).
For knowledge shall pour down its radiant streams
Our first stop was the
About Ginger: Ginger Kolbaba is editor and manager of discipleship and women’s resources, including the newly launched Kyria.com, and Marriage Partnership.com, an award-winning publication and website of Christianity Today International, both with more than 2.5 million unique visitors annually. She is also a freelance book editor for several major publishing houses and a former editor of the award-winning publication Today’s Christian Woman.
I'm firming up my glutes
Eventually, we head home, to our apartment; we’ll eat the beautiful gambas that we bought, with some olive bread and a glass of white Rioja, on the terrace, that’s after a glass of Jerez with mejillones (cooked mussels, mmmm) as an aperitif.
Choose to live a life that matters!
Still a touch under the weather. Tummy wonky, arms and shoulders aching. So I'm using that as an excuse to skip typing my gratitude or saying anything worthwhile, which is too bad because I listened to something pretty interesting on Healing with the Masters earlier and I had planned to write about it. It was a session about finding inner peace.
I have questioned my past pretexts and feel liberated from the false reasons that had me display non-functional things. Today, I only display a handful of very select ones.
3. Heat a wok over high heat. Divide beef, green onions and red onions in half, as you will cook in two batches.
The bombing war against Libya today should be condemned without hesitation by all progressive people. This is a rich man’s war. The global imperialist order that took shape in the 1880s and continues today is the greatest violator of human rights everywhere and the U.S. government is, in the salient words of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., “the greatest purveyor of violence in the world today.”
Bob Dylan’s Talkin’ New York, recorded live at Gerde’s Folk City 1962. Dylan had recently arrived in the big smoke from Minnesota and tells of his early city adventures in this rambling laugh out loud classic. He wasn’t yet the big star he would become, but talent and sense of humour combine here to great effect. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PQWdVNuwxPg
of every issue
Now that I’m finished, I’ve gotta say, guys, that I was pretty whole-heartedly shocked to find that reading The Hunger Games didn’t come with the same side effects as reading The Twilight series (i.e., self-loathing, the feeling that you’re harboring a rather dirty secret, a slightly lower I.Q. level upon completion, etc.) In fact, although the writing itself was pretty simple, I’m sure with the objective of catering to a wider age-range of readers, I found the plot incredibly well thought out, insightful, and obviously addiction-inducing.
But it was never their plan to stay for long. The world was too metal poor for their purposes. Yes, there was gold and silver to be mined, useful in ritual and technology as well as decoration, but the harder metals – those needed for machinery, weapons, and space travel – these were conspicuously absent. Even poor iron was scarce except in the frozen mountains, extremely difficult to procure. And while there were gemstones to be had, the crystals they relied on as both power source and mental focus were nowhere to be found. No, they could not stay on this world.
Spring is in the Air
Iris
I have never wanted to be famous. Wealthy? Yes. Respected? Yes. Famous? No. It has never been a goal for me…until Saturday night. If I could have been a famous person on Saturday night, I would have signed on the dotted line.
If you look at the African Union, they put out their own currency backed by Khadafy’s gold – and they don’t support this group.
She continued, “They know your history. What you’ve seen.
But the most outrageous thing being advocated by many, is that we need to give even higher priority to reaching people where we live and channel even more resources into the needs here rather than doing what is needed to reach the world with the gospel. If what we are doing was working and effectively evangelizing America, that suggestion might have some merit, but why put more resources into something that is not really working very well?
During last month’s climbing challenge I noticed that when it rained, the Garmin’s altitude readings went haywire. Typically, it stopped registering any change in elevation which was quite frustrating.
1/8 teaspoon dried oregano, crushed
Meet Julie (that’s me), one of Aitkin County’s activity bus driver.
You can’t beat meeting up with friends or colleagues for a relaxing bitch about people who haven’t turned up, but there’s something enjoyable about having a pint on your own with nothing to do except peruse the paper, read a book or throw some birds at green pigs on your phone.
Some people move abroad to fulfill a lifelong dream while others are chasing a fantasy. They want to live like Ernest Hemmingway, Josephine Baker or Jack Kerouac. They dream of wrestling fish or picking grapes, falling in love and capturing it all in the next, great American novel. Does it count if the book is written overseas? Doesn’t that make it the next, great Tunisian novel or French novel or at the very least expatriate novel?
I've not tried the 0.4x series yet, but it appears quite a lot of people have had good luck with it, so there y'go.
I’ve always loved writing. But what I noticed is that writing in my mother tongue (Russian) or in the language I’ve been speaking for the last ten years (Czech) doesn’t satisfy me as much as writing in English. It’s probably because when it comes to English, I don’t feel the language as much as the other two. Or do I actually feel it more, making it easier for me to express myself?
Oh, do give yours to me;
The Sir Douglas Quintet dressed the part of a British invasion band when they appeared on Shindig and Hullabaloo, but no one with half a brain would have been fooled. For one thing, two of the band's members were Mexican-Americans. For another, Sahm had an unmistakable Texas accent.
I just kind of made it up as I went along, and I think it came out really sweet.
So I took down the hooks that were in place when we moved in, and hung the organizer. Better already!
Future is near when you touch that stone
And today, after two hours of fencing classes with other home edders (that's the sword-sport, not the activity of trying to sell on nicked stuff) I persuaded at least one of my children to the cluttered conservatory table to try preserving some of the junk - I mean leaves - that we'd collected in our Tescos carrier on Monday. Following the instructions here on the ordinarylifemagic blog we bought some glycerin from the chemist and had a go. It was at this point I was particularly glad we hadn't brought home
My wisp of muse is all too slight
According to the Professor, Megaupload should have never been taken offline. He claims that it’s a modern-day equivalent of the printing press.
I dunno about you, but I am glad I found this recipe. I appreciate Aunt Ida for doing most of the legwork in developing the original recipe from Big Mama, whomever family she reigned.
This is a jewelery holder that was on clearance at Icing. It was $10, and it has cute gold birdies and leaves on it. I've been too busy to actually put any jewelery on it though.
I'm more interested in what goes through the mind of someone(s) who never thought he was gay facing up to what that means. I mean, if physicality wasn't any part of the issue, hanging out all day and all evening, every evening, probably wouldn't even raise an eyebrow. That's the up side to same gender friendships (and some heterosexual friendships, actually). In fact, that's one thing that surprised me when I first read yaoi. I've read a LOT of shoujo manga and I can count on one hand the number that have moved beyond kissing and hand-holding, maybe some light groping, to sex. I've now read a LOT of yaoi (written, ironically enough by women for women, remember, just like shoujo) and I can count on one hand the number of manga that have NOT overtly including sex. Which argues physicality is a key element.
“I know I’m a nerdy kid, I know my grades are the highest in the school and I know I can probably be most anything I want to be,” he said.
And who knew there were so many ways to serve it? According to the serving suggestions on the package, it is not only great as an accompaniment to bacon and eggs (although a bit redundant), it makes a great topper on baked potatoes, or for lunch served on a hamburger bun. The inside label contains the MacSween Original Award Winning Recipe for Haggis Nachos. Who knew haggis was so versatile?
Come back to see what each baby cousin is getting.
Sometimes you have to draw the line.Availing raw ingredients for inspection by ones diners prior to it being cooked isn't really a feasible option.At the end of the day we are a pub,not a bloody zoo.
He poured into the crystal glasses, a blood-red honey surprisingly translucent after 2000 years.
Hopefully I'll be blogging a bit more between now and November. See you soon!
This ain't no chick beer. Instead, this aromatic brew has none of the cloying sweetness found in most fruit beers, and the black raspberry melds seemlessly into the underlying dark ale. Well crafted and composed beer has a nice, earthy hop finish. One of the many things El Toro does a great job at is infusing fruit into their beers, as their lighter Peach Ale has many of the same great aromatic qualities as this one. Speaking of El Toro fruit beers, you might want to try....
Our menu for the evening;
It’s an odd thing, forgiveness, people don’t seem to realize it takes strength to forgive someone. It’s not just a word. It’s much more than that. It’s about acknowledging the mistake, remembering it, and letting go of it. Don’t be angry about it, but to accept it and say, “It’s okay.”
He can defeat Sheamus on 2 different times in that match, he can outwrestle him, and the question is will Sheamus take the cowardly way out, again?
against this sweet vertigo.
Fight Club turns 10 this month, did you know that? Fight Club is a bundle of kickassomeness, but its anti-consumerist message can be a bit heavy-handed at times. I'm looking at you "blow up a franchise coffee bar AND destroy a piece of corporate art" scene. Free of the gluttonous abandon and spending free-for-all of the dot-com boom, the theme is starting to wear a bit dated, but it still has a few juicy morsels to take away from it, morsels which our friends at Jeep have chosen to piss all over.
I had an epiphany. I got myself out of my chair and into the shower. I ate a somewhat decent dinner. I went to the gym. But before I left, I sent a Facebook message to a guy I know through mutual friends asking if he was interested in meeting up this weekend.
Imperial Brown Stout 10.1%
is worth a million statues
We have to hang on seven more days before my SSD payday and somewhere in between L will be paid for a review or two. If anyone cares to contribute any amount to get us through the weekend at least — two dollars alone will get my damn surgical tape — then, hey, that’s cool and appreciated. If not, well, that’s expected as well.
“Very good!” Brulee said. She sounded pleased. For some reason this made Creme feel good about what she just did too, if only a little. She tried not to think about that. It was stupid anyway; why would she care about her.
When you think of fall one of the first images that pops in most minds right behind colorful falling leaves is a pumpkin!
At every job I’ve ever had, being ill has come up in one way or another. And every manager, boss, or shift leader I’ve worked under has had to have “THE AWKWARD CONVERSATION.” I can’t think of one invisible illness that isn’t awkward to talk about. Weather it’s physical or mental, if you don’t look sick, it’s awkward to say you are. And people don’t know how to react.
Dear, if you are applicable for this post then please reply us including same mail body along with your Current & Fresh CV with following details-
Ostin siis näitä kertapakkauksia, ja yksi kertapakkaus sisältää 15ml voidetta.
"Think about moving the heel of your hands up and down about two inches (five cm) into the chest - or the height of your pinky finger," says Dr. Travers.
Short's Cup A Joe Coffee Creme Stout
From; The Science of Self Realization
1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese (fresh is best!)
Food & Beverage Stores
This is my fall color post for this year. I will try to take some photos of the trees in my neighborhood when they change colors. Right now they are very green still.
Paper wasps sometimes managed to get inside and in the cool fall weather they were extremely slow moving and easy to photograph.
Ensemble message: This month's EBEW is all about colored tights, and luckily I just happen to wear colored tights often once the temperature drops. Though these photos are from a couple weeks ago, I am actually wearing colored tights again today. I love the fuschia and purple together with a couple neutral pieces to balance out all the color. I find that this tan cardi easily tones down any outfit, and is quickly a go-to piece when I'm craving color in the office.
4. Read book blogs others have written for ideas—Not only do you find great books to read, but you can also can borrow other bloggers’ ideas for your own future book posts. For instance, I’m always inspired by the posts I read over on Never Done It That Way Before and The Warden’s Walk. As a teacher, I lived by the C.A.S.E. model (Copy And Steal Everything). You don’t always have to spend all your energy dreaming up new ideas; use that time to craft your own version of theirs. Trust me, they’ll take yours and return the favor in kind.
I haven't had many problems with controversiality since then. I get random Mormon-bashing comments or "Homeschoolers are messing up their kids" comments, but I don't publish them. Comment Moderation is a lovely thing. The last post to receive such a comment was the last "Day in the Life" post. (Don't worry, another "Day in the Life" post is scheduled to show up soon.)
So that's my goal in this new decade. To practice being aware of all the good things (and even some of the bad) around me and to be thankful.
foghjesperjhf AT gmail DOT com
However, Ellis Calcutt has denied rumours of any romance in that corner, insisting via Twitter that there is nothing going on between her and the 18-year-old singer because they’re just old school chum and she has a boyfriend.
Hope everyone has an EGGcellent Easter !
Our conversation continued well though and we had a fair amount to talk about. However, I found it a little unnerving that during the first ten minutes he starts staring longingly into my eyes, not breaking eye contact, and just smiling at me. Don’t get me wrong, I’d love that. But at 4pm, date one, minute ten, completely sober, it feels a little creepy.
On a recent flight on Southwest Airlines, I came across a feature in their Spirit magazine. A book was just published called ‘Dear Me: A Letter to my Sixteen Year Old Self’, edited by Joseph Galliano, which is a collection of 75 different letters by a variety of different celebrities (actors, comedians, writers, etc) writing their own version of a letter to their sixteen year old selves. I have to admit, it caught my attention and made me remember all of those times I was young and told myself, ‘when I have kids, I will never do …..’. To this day, I have no idea what any of those things were, I just know that my eight, ten, twelve, sixteen year old self made a mental note.
“Baseball was a huge part of my life, my life literally revolved around baseball,” said Nick. “We went on trips throughout the seven-odd years we played together; to Connecticut, Pennsylvania, Delaware and even Florida one year where we got to play against a team from Puerto Rico in Disney’s Wide World of Sports. We won.”
Regardless of this technology
A 'Nutty Idea
Good Thursday morning to you all.
Due recognition
For giving me the things I need
And it occurred to me that the Red Dirt Girl and most of the non-brits reading would not know what the reference is about.
It shows up in Hosea 11:4 ..not going there either.
Sports medicine MD in San Francisco, recommends vegetarian diet
Who’s invisible in your church? Who can you make a beeline to this week?
between toes and brain.
Me: Ponder, what should we do with Violet's burger?
Hello and happy Kitchen Sink Monday!!
This is my daughter and I in our aprons getting ready to do up the Thanksgiving meal! . Oh yeah in case you did not know she is the one in polka dot apron "wink". It looks like I have been working hard cooking. But I did mostly nothing with this meal. When you read the post below you will understand why.
The death toll is still rising daily as rescuers dig out more bodies from the wreckage. Authorities have ventured no estimates of the number of missing, but local papers estimated on Monday over 100 people are unaccounted for.
One way to demonstrate that the United States is genuinely entering a new space age is for NASA to privatize its operations in Houston, Huntsville, Cape Canaveral, and Pasadena, turning them into nonprofit, independent labs that would at first wholly depend on government subventions but gradually become self-sustaining by providing services to both private space companies and covert national-security agencies, which have their own space needs. The death of NASA as a whole would permit its strongest pieces to thrive, albeit in a new organizational form.
And good for you.
The blue strip on top is stamped with the Flower Wall Paper background stamp using Hero Arts Soft Pool ink. I rounded the corners, stamped a sentiment and added some pearls and a little bow.
I took ProMarkers and color the Stick Pony Denim Blue then I take Carmel and Tan and color the girl Hat and boots. I take Ivory and color her arms and face and Sky Blue to color her shirt. I thought I had picture of it but I did not and I am still in Nevada sorry but it made it look real nice.
First up: Kelly Wearstler, a personal favorite of Sarah’s and mine. Since Kelly's fame is hugely attributed to her affinity for bold color, I selected her work at the Tides South Beach, where warm neutrals are paired with glam, gilded accents, and punches of heirloom gold play with organic hints of serene driftwood.
Since its composition The Road Not Taken has often been read as an affirmation of individual choice and being different, choosing a different road to the rest of us. But it was never intended to be read in this way by Frost. Thomas read it as a criticism of his indecision and reacted angrily. He did join the army and was killed in 1917.
So we haul ourselves to the store and luckily the woman we worked with to buy the fridge was there. She saw us coming and said, "Guys I am so sorry. I am on hold right now to find out what happened and get it fixed." She even brought her manager over and he apologized profusely. For some reason, the warehouse sent it back to the store and they have no clue why. We thanked them for working it out and left. Later we received a phone call and were told the fridge would not arrive until Thursday. This was Saturday morning.
I wondered if I had Bacheloritis. Had Ben done so much extreme dating that I was bored by repelling into a big Swiss gorge? I mean, it was such an awesome sexual innuendo leading into the hottubbenshag and later the Slutensuite. Either way, Ben clearly likes War Horse more than Sally Field. Unfortunately, the whole time I knew he was thinking about Swimsuit Issues. It helped that War Horse got to wear a helmet on this date. Looking good in helmets is her superpower, or just a damning statement about her hair.
Prior to this a demonstration will take place outside the Policy Exchange Conference where lying bastard Chris Grayling will be a keynote speaker. Meet at Microsoft, 80-100 Victoria Street, Westminster, London, SW1E 5JL at 9am.
My house sounds and looks like an Adirondack TB hospital. The children are sitting around wrapped in blankets coughing like emphysematic smokers while their dutiful nurse scurrys from patient to patient dispensing antipyretics like precious shots of Kentucky bourbon. Thankfully, none of them are exhibiting severe or troubling signs beyond elevated temps and yucky coughs.
Negative feedback was the parking, day of the week and desire to stay longer.
War long gripped mankind: the sword was more useful
Too often we think we can take this type of lifestyle, and that kind of activity, mix it up with our own personal preferences, and then add a little bit of “Christian” to it and feel good that our lives are conforming to the Gospel. Well that’s horse puckey. We assemble “nouns” and “verbs” of our own liking, and then add the “Christian” adjective… hogwash.
throughout the country
at 7:17 am. My alarm was set to go off at 7:30. But I woke myself up out of a very deep sleep (I mean, if the amount of drool on the pillow is some kind of sliding scale indication of how deep the sleep was). I was also in the middle of a very involved dream--a vivid dream, one that I remember all the details to (except, of course, how it ends, since I woke up--how frustrating!! I wonder what happened to that girl in my dream!).
4. Do what copy editors do best.
Official said the dacoits also took CCTV cameras and weapons of bank guards along with them in the 10-min heist, as untrained security guards could not resist.
After sharing so many started projects, I thought I'd better show a finished one too :)
From yesteryear, those childhood fears have been crawling in, those days
I'm secure like that.
Ok, ok, I'm whining too much myself. I actually did enjoy reading The Dead of Winter. The story, though thin, is a fun Gothic yarn. And it was seriously scary.
And brown fur knickers and a big fur cap.
So do we call upon a lot of saints, angels, and gods (lower case g…who were likely just enlightened souls from very long ago) for help, and pray to them? Yes we do. But we don’t worship them. No. We understand that they are intermediaries who can better understand our problems and what me may need (although honestly angels are a bit detached as well—absolutely no understanding of how time works, if you’re praying to angels for help be sure to be very specific in terms of when and where). I think it’s safe to say that most New Agers believe there is only one God who uses a very large task force of intermediaries to help us.
2. Blend them in a mixie adding yogurt.
I had enough of my blog ink coming up in black and imposable to read, thank goodness that is all over with don;t need someone messing up something that works fine before LOL..
1. Digging in the Dirt 6:08
You could send it in a cup,
“Really? Tell me.”
S: “I’m okay with it.”
There are so many pretty girls
Children love Easter, the time when the bunny hides plastic eggs, for the same reason teen girls like to change their hair color: the thrill of the hunt for something special that they can make their own.
Growing up, no matter how many times I heard that phrase, I always fell for it.
So, for each pixel, you have three numbers in the range 0-255.
For the last few years I’ve felt a particular attachment to Burma and the struggles of its people. It began, perhaps, in 2007 when I went to see Dr. Sein Win, Chairman of the Burmese government in exile speak in Trinity College. He spoke poignantly about the situation in his country, the chances for reform and the methods by which that reform could be achieved.
Mouskouri married Yorgos (“George”) Petsilas in 1961. Mouskouri and Petsilas had two children, a son, Nicolas, born on 13 February 1968 and a daughter, Hélène, nicknamed Lénou, born on 6 July 1970. In 1974, Mouskouri and Petsilas separated and in 1975 were officially divorced.
While it´s true that Spain is home to some of the most acclaimed fashion designers, designers such as Manolo Blahnik, Cristobal Balenciaga and Paco Robanne, Spanish people care more about the quality of clothes than the designer. Brands such as Zara, Mango, Cortefiel, Adolfo Dominguez and Massimo Dutti provide quality at affordable prices and prove to be very popular with this fashion conscious culture.
