Tip: Add a spoonful of adobo sauce for a spicier salad. Kidney or pinto beans also taste great in this dish.
Love Actually -- Fascinating, moving, unapologetically sappy, and fun. Colin Firth is awesome -- 4 hearts
I decided to go some place quiet today. Sit sometime in silence. The church I visited was closed. Another sign that one must endure and not escape. The taxi driver was sleepy and we almost had a brush with death twice. I hurt my right arm. Bruised my middle finger. It turned a deep shade of blue-green.
We pray for Your mighty hand to ease our suffering
The path ahead seems a bit inevitable right now. I suppose the descent could slow or stop and we could hover here with a GFR of 34 for weeks or months or years, but we’re not holding our breath for that one. There are many many discussions to be held with our doctors when we’re in-patient this week; many questions to ask and answer; many scenarios to play out.
He said the Mashco-Piro are one of about 15 “uncontacted” tribes in Peru that together are estimated to number between 12,000 and 15,000 people living in jungles east of the Andes.
Well I have.
Routes any eight computers to any eight monitors with full cross-point capability, supporting resolutions up to 3840×2400.
Great was there surprise when an armada of police and locals descended on the area.
Traveling as a tourist is never appealing; instead, Peter likes to visit friends he has acquired over his years abroad. Whether in Warsaw or Paris, these friends provide an insight that he finds invaluable. Many of them are attorneys who generously offer their views on the developments in their own jurisdictions. Peter has, admittedly, learned much from the comparative study of the law.
With all that said, after dealing with the emotions and craziness of adoptions for the last EIGHT years we are really, really, really looking forward to a respite from all the excess "stuff" that comes with adoptions(meaning people, paperwork, etc). We just want to enjoy being a family without feeling like a ball may drop out of nowhere. Jonah and I are looking forward to a break emotionally(and financially) for hopefully more than a few months. We shall see.
Mikeneko Holmes no Suiri (01) 15.9%, (02) 12.1%, (03) 12.7%, (04) 13.1%, (05) 12.9%
Here is the blog hop list.
- Tennis Tournament that takes donations, raffles off prizes
I'd been wanting to sew my daughter a Dorothy costume for awhile. Having her big brother perform in the Wizard of Oz musical was the final push that forced a deadline.... I finished sewing the dress an hour & a half before we were off to see The Wizard of Oz musical. While we were there my daughter got lots of attention... people weren't expecting a little Dorothy to come see the show. Now she has a fun costume, so she can play Dorothy whenever she wants.
We already had a washer and dryer, but sometime last weekend we realised that the spin-cycle in the washer no longer worked at all. The dryer, in turn, could not handle the excess moisture of the unspun clothing, and so we were left with damp and stinky and dubiously-cleaned laundry. Since we both had a hankering ultimately to get stackable, front-loading versions of these appliances anyway, we decided now was the time. After some internet searching, Paul discovered a set on Craigslist for less than half of what we’d have spent to get something comparable on sale, and we decided this was an excellent use of some of our wedding gift money (thanks, generous wedding-gift-givers!). On Wednesday, my Paul somehow extracted the old appliances and put them on the deck while I was at a Now Church Lenten dinner, and on Thursday we took a ride in the truck (it never ceases to astonish me that I married a man with a pick-up truck–but it does come in handy) to a Neighbouring Town and picked up the new appliances.
I am neither a whore or a saint. I am just, a woman.
He is going to some enormous lengths – just like I did – to strain a gnat out of his life, but he is swallowing a camel. It is the camel of self-worship.
The internet is also a great place to explore the effects of these molds and the methods applied to get rid of them. Get to avail the basics of black mold removal techniques and the products required for treatment. However, adequate care must be ensured to see that these organisms do not cause any harm to your health. This is majorly due to the fact that these are toxic and can be risky when handled without any suitable expertise. Thus it is advisable to seek assistance from an expert in the field which will enable you to deal with such harmful black mold in home issues.
Mercurial passers, Xavi and Iniesta, defensive generals, Puyol and Pique and probably the most important surely has to be, Lionel Messi. Under Guardiola, Messi has been lauded from here to kingdom come and has become quite possibly is the greatest player of all time.
I met Maureen several years ago and have taken a few classes,
Things start off slowly, a thick fog rolls into the town causing electronics to malfunction, cars to start, glass to shatter and all other manner of inconvenient things to happen. A child finds a gold doubloon that turns into an old piece of wood bearing the lost ship’s name, before it begins to leak water, a boat out late in the harbor is caught in the fog and the crew meets its fate at the end of some meat hooks. Later one of the victims is brought into the morgue and the pathologist solemnly informs our characters that the body seems like its been underwater for weeks (DUNDUHDUHDUNNNN!!!!) Night falls again and a more aggressive series of attacks begins. The film cuts between Barbeau, whose radio station is perched atop a lighthouse that overlooks both the bay and the town, tries to warn the people of the danger. Even as the fog rolls in and she finds herself stuck in one of Carpenter’s siege films, (with Carpenter delivering some of the tensest sequences in the film as Barbeau comes under attack first in and then atop the lighthouse) and the team of Atkins and Curtis as they attempt to escape the presence swarming through the town.
doron…
I'll try to explain how to keep the blog archive hierarchy collapsed on Blogger. You know blog hierarchy style archive list expands automatically on archive date. But if you use Blogspot's static pages, it shows the date you have created the page and i don't think this is what we need. So, i've found a way to make archive hierarchy collapsed.
John Geraets / Two Poems / 9
So, get ready, "Robynettes!" Here is your list for this week:
Soak gelatin sheets in cold water to soften them, then drain and melt over low heat in a small saucepan. Add them to the previous preparation.
Suggestions: I guess it’s safe to say that the Tigers were a little complacent heading into the conference, but it was now over. And I sincerely hope that the players learned their lessons.
Locations And Subsidiaries 22
One thing I always love to look at is Maori artworks… the carvings and motifs fascinate me, I know that Meeting Houses (“wharenui“ ) have special significance and that the structure itself usually represents the body of a revered and sacred ancestor.
You can see it better in this shot. Nice glow and firelight shadows. I think I will keep this out after Christmas too!
Anyone can enter - so long as the work is previously unpublished. It costs £7 per
Also, as you know, I like to thank all the wonderful participants in PPBF for their hard work each month by randomly selecting a blogger to receive a prize! The winner for April is and the prize is JOANNA!!! (And lest there be any confusion, as there was with Beth Doozenfloofer, that's Joanna Marple :)) Please email me, Joanna, and let me know which you would like for your prize: *rummaging in my bag of goodies...* let's see... your choice of The Writer's Guide To Crafting Stories For Children by Nancy Lamb, Chloe by Peter McCarty (which I will be posting on PPBF next week or the week after - it doesn't come out until May 15 but it's really good!), or a $15 gift certificate to Merritt Bookstore (my own beloved local indie :))
little missy
The strange feeling inside her grew worse, something telling her to keep going and not listen to him. She had to get past the man and drink her blood. That was all that mattered now.
“Try to improvise and react like Marlon Brando in On the Waterfront,” I suggested. “That’s the kind of performance that will bring you critical acclaim.”
As you know, I took a week-long vacation with my family at the beach just a few weeks ago.
Eventually, the best way of getting rid of pimples is to not let them happen at all. This involves keeping your face clean and wearing a make up which is less oily. Never ever keep make up overnight, wash it off with mild soap or a face wash.
2) I have another exciting event to share with you all!
Am I the only one who regularly experiences that awkward moment? You know, like when someone approaches you in the store and embraces you like you're an old friend, only you totally can't remember how you know them?
Base card 5.5 x 5.5" White cs
I'm broken from bending
"Absolutely not. If you were to chose the path home before completing your task, the darkening will prevail."
I enjoyed my time in the Navy, it’s given me a lot of opportunities. But the more distance I get from it, the more I realize how much of a commodity servicemen are. The government has made a financial investment in a person, to the point that a dollar amount can be assigned to a life.
Simone reads books on toddler taming, controlled crying and night terrors. Night after night of reassurances, the introduction of a teddy bear, cajolement and threats. There is no peace for the wicked, a frightened child or a sleep deprived mother. Little has an effect on the wakeful child. Even as the weather calms and spring breezes ease, the shadows and sobs persist. The tree is trimmed, shades drawn, the casement sealed, the bedroom door locked to prevent interruptions to Simone’s carnal
Couple-Guy could be a Knight, girl could go as the sun- Knight and Day
A unit, for my class, will take about six weeks. This is perfect because I run my matrix in cycles of three weeks. Since there are two cycles per unit, groups will choose two books required per unit. With so many options, teachers should be safe to use this method. Also, students may, at any time, check out a different book. If they're offended, bored, or finished and just want another (which I warn you will happen often!)they can choose another of the approved options.
Ms X relayed what happened next:
Fernando Pessoa. An original, an endless source of puzzles and ideas. You do not even have to read his work for him to generate ideas, but just read about him and his system of heteronyms. Please see seraillon for a recent post on The Book of Disquiet and a piece about Antonio Tabucchi and Pessoa.
I don’t know false forgiveness. I know only true forgiveness. Forgive means forgive, that’s it. Gone is gone, people did mistakes, finished. Move on.
Thanks for looking -- have a great week!
ISBN:0615613551
Looking at the photo I especially like the fact that the horse is blurred. My intent is to trigger the memories from her imagination not just the photo.
my dull despair.
Top Ten Songs on the Hot 100:
But when I woke up this morning, I actually remembered my dream.
After meeting them I began to see, probably for the first time in 30 years of viewership how the New York City marathon strengthens and demonstrates that very New York City phenomon of possible, sudden, sometimes emotional bonds being created instantly between the diverse millions of New York's passing strangers. Often with lasting effect. While at the same time for those more deeply invested in New York City day in and day out, the marathon offers a warm touchstone for relationships that run and never lag.
That’s what it sounded like although, to give him the benefit of inaccuracy, he could have claimed to be an “Irishman”, but I couldn’t see his workings on paper.
The next day, I repeated the ritual. My target: the infamous walk-in storage closet. I had packing boxes ready and packed up the winter clothes that were 3 sizes too big. The clothes from the garage sale that didn't sell. The boxes of floral components that hadn't seen the light of day in 2 years. Out. Repacked, restacked, organized. The clothes
The Harris County Sheriff’s Office is projected to overspend its annual budget by $51 million, the third straight year it has blown past its planned expenditures by at least $40 million.
What if I agree to donate my vital organs when I’m no longer around? Then how can I review the people on the transplant list? I might conceivably give new life to someone of whom I disapprove?
Row 2- ch1, turn, sc in each.
HaandBryggeriet Bestefar Norweigian Winter Ale 2010
The wide stylistic gap that separates “Porgy and Bess” and “Bitches Brew” is reflected in the sales figures, but it is not just the sound of his music that Miles has changed, for he has also updated the group’s appearance. Surrounded by a young inter-racial group of musicians sporting afros, long hair, headbands, dungarees and dashikis, Miles has transformed himself into a trendy, youthful figure. With his flared pants, leather boots, tasseled Western vest and love beads, he points his shiny horn downward and roams slowly amid the complex-looking electronic equipment. It is no coincidence that the current Miles Davis band has the look of a modern-day rock group—he is determined to win over a new generation of fans, and judging by album sales, the plan is working. Miles’ new music is an abstraction of everything he has played before; it is as if he were summing it all up for us, but we know that he won’t let it end here—this is merely the latest plateau. At the same time, it is a testimony to Miles’ artistry and forward thinking that none of his past recordings—going back to his revolutionary 1949 Capitol sessions—sound outdated in 1971.
The next day? I slept in, watched a silly amount of the show ‘Dexter’ and checked my fantasy baseball team while the internet was up. Yeah, I’m cool.
But we were able to sustain interest due to Rey’s non-stop jokes, Benette’s
needed a cat. Life can be that way. That’s part of the reason I was on Sanibel
I used a lot of Martha Stewart on this one, the paper, postage stamp sticker on the flag, felt hearts, and the trefoil heart border punch. I found it easier to cover it with a few smaller pieces of paper rather than wrapping one large piece around the mailbox. I used my cropadile to punch a hole in the lid to attach a ribbon pull with a brad. Cut through that metal like butter! The large white embossed heart on the flag is a Sizzix die that Stampin Up sells and the postage on the front lid are Quickutz dies. The 'love' is Quickutz Nutmeg mounted on a Spellbinders label diecut.
He then proceeded to liken it to female circumcision (FGM).
and dance as I wade
Regardless of Connie hopes and dreams to move off the mountain with her only child, it was Herbert’s fate to be raised on Patch Mountain. His parents, his grandparents and their parents before them, all called the mountain home. Herbert never went to school. He spent everyday of his young life caring for his mother and father who, by the time he was thirty, were in their nineties. He loved his parents and knew after they passed, he would be totally alone. As a child, Herbert was no different from anyone else. He was a good child with a soft heart. He stood strong when it came to being the caregiver for his parents. After years of suffering, cancer finally took both of his parents to their graves. They were buried, side by side, on the mountain.
Do they have a spare 30 canvases for my other ideas that would like to be painted!?
Despite being a notoriously bad blogger (everyone has to be notorious for something I think) the lovely Hotchpotch decided (for whatever reason) I am deserving of a block award! Go me!
FTP – 2482.38
Steve Hickey, Ph.D. (United Kingdom)
When I saw I Love You, Man, I loved it. I loved that Paul Rudd has become a leading man, I loved that Andy Samberg was funny yet restrained, I loved the female power trio friendship, and I loved the supporting appearances from Joe Lo Truglio, Thomas Lennon, and Lou Ferrigno. But then I started to rethink it. Was the bromance too indulgent? Did I like Jason Segel as this character? I prefer him as an oddly suave jerk. Ultimately, I Love You, Man is not too self-indulgent, though it teeters precariously close to being so and other bromance movies would be wise to tread cautiously, if at all, and I guess I will just have to live with this character type of Jason Segel’s. And how can I argue with Rush?
Mother Earth has made a conscious decision to move into the higher
2) I finally went and saw my albino redwood, in Henry Cowell State Park in the Santa Cruz Mountains. The albinism is of course the result of a low or near-zero cholorplast count, which means the trees only survive by getting nutrients from the root systems of their non-albino clone brethren. They still can't grow very tall. Interestingly, unlike the "solid" albino below, the one I saw at Henry Cowell had albino branches, or even some branches that weren't all albino, and even some twigs where not all the needles on the same twig were albino! This being the case, I was trying to be a tree pathologist and diagnose the process going on in the plant to produce this non-continuous pattern. It seems more likely that all parts of the plant had chloroplasts as they were growing, but that early in the growth of the branches they die for some reason. Cytoskeleton problem maybe?
Here is a pic of our gorgeous boy with his grown up Nevus buddy who he met for the first time at the last camp. It was so wonderful to meet Andrew and his wife, and hear him talk about his life and journey into adulthood with Nevus and everything that comes with it. Andrew is an inspiration and I am so glad us and so many families met him.
Physics has gotten so arcane that I must struggle to make sense of even popular expositions of its advances, and my understanding always breaks down when someone claims that the notion of time doesn’t mean what I think it does, or could even be illusory. In modern physics, trying to understand things using common-sense notions just doesn’t work. I’m not comfortable in such a realm, which is why I’m happy to have people like Sean Carroll try to explain it to the rest of us.
the smell of you was safety.
I've picked these solids and the yellow dot (yes there's blue but she's having a boy so she needs to just suck it up) and no pattern I come up with seems to fit. The Flock of Triangles by Denyse with the solids as the geese and the dot as the background looks like it might be it. It'll probably have the same effect as this quilt? But is there enough contrast??? SEE!?! In the time that it took me to type all that, I'm second guessing myself again!!!
over hole above my navel, semi-sealed
So Laz added a normal Dragon Soul clear and the Title “Destroyer’s End” to his previous LFR kill.
I love having the ability to see an altered universe sometimes, without anything else except for my trusty camera.
This occurred while I was actively studying martial arts. I encountered two philosophies, Buddhism and Taoism (Daoism). I confess both of them were very attractive to me. I even bought the Tao Te Cheng and checked out Buddhism for Dummies. I also took to wearing Box collared shirts. Taoism appealed to me more than Buddhism did because in Buddha’s mind God’s existence wasn’t relevant to the discussion of our freedom from Samsara.
Dark Matter - Michelle Paver - this was terrifying and fabulous and yet another to review. Go read it if you haven't.
Stage #5 – To appease my guilt about the “addiction,” I decide to rationalize my behavior by incorrectly labeling stuff and blaming others.
For those who like to keep score, after this lesson we are at 40/2136 Jōyō Kanji.
In little under 2 weeks we'll be in China! We'll be preparing for our flight to Urumqi, ensuring our meager luggage allowance contains all that we need for 5 days of being new parents!
1-2 finely chopped green chillies
8. Edinburgh was the first city in the world which had its own fire brigade.
your offerings are always before me.
He loves to serve His devotees, He is obedient to His pure devotees. Krsna wanted Aswatthama to be killed but since Draupadi set Him fee He could not do anything bound by His pure devotees love He becomes flexible in awarding punishment also.
Pinch of sugar
School went well. Students were taking their quiz on the Earth-Moon-Sun unit. They rocked it. Ms. T, Ms. K, and I had lunch outside (see photo). It was pretty darn warm, but not as warm as we thought it was going to be.
I am torn.
I'm happy to report that all the pillows on my couch are covered. I'm loving the patchy goodness!
Here's what you do if you would like to experience life with twin 16 month olds:
He flashed his L.A.P.D. badge. “Tell you what. Just tell me where it is. I’d like to surprise him.”
Here is a list of qualities of a REAL princess:
I was born on a beautiful autumn day in the magical town of Nainital in the Himalayas. My mother had just walked up a hill, and at home as she bent to pull out an old suitcase from under the bed, the maid noticed a pool of blood near her feet. Mother had felt nothing.
3.Interview Skills So once you manage to bull earn your way to an interview, you’re going to have to answer questions and prove to your potential boss that you are worth their time and money. My best advice would be to go on YouTube.com and search “interview tips.” There are all sorts of good videos there. Here’s one I particularly liked that describes how to answer the “Tell me about yourself” interview question, which can be pretty overwhelming if you’re not prepared. Practice, practice, practice, and when you think you’ve had enough, practice. I don’t mean in front of your mirror; no, you need to practice your answers to your family, your roommates, your friends and your teachers. This isn’t to say they’ll know any better than you about what your interviewer is looking for, but repeated practice will give you confidence. That, my lovely reader, is the an important key to passing an interview.
The fact hate crimes legislation enshrines anti-white racism into US law is hardly surprising in a country where a Hispanic anti-white racist and feminist bigot has just been appointed to the Supreme court, and where the legal system conspires to deny “standing” to anyone attempting to question the highly dubious eligibility of their affirmatively appointed president. However, the prejudice behind this law goes further, as anti white racism has become an increasingly prominent feature in popular culture.
While we shiver against the cold this month, perhaps we can warm up a bit by thinking of the hot summer months and the delight that ice cream and cold watermelons from the ice house would bring!
about very clearly taking every side
"When I am better my head will be normal." I say, "You on the other hand have a cone head."
Maybe it's just me, but when I desire to purchase any product or service and become sufficiently motivated to act on that desire, I appreciate a prompt response from a vendor I contact, and I'm eager to follow-up. I might or might not end up purchasing from that vendor, but at least I want to engage in the dialogue to help me decide.
R scoots off thinking I just got picked up.
This movie has everything you need to hold your interest: a good plot, romance, good acting, excitement, good-looking kids and it keeps you guessing about what is going to happen next.
The rose image is from You Are Loved which is in our current Spring Mini catalogue. I coloured the rose stamp with Pumpkin Pie, Real Red and Basic Gray inks and then stamped it. This was then punched out with the Large Oval punch and then I decided to use the cracked glass technique on it to make it a bit more interesting. I did this by heat embossing it with clear embossing powder three times, then, when it's cooled down, just bending the image to crack it. Then I just wiped some more Basic Gray ink over to bring out the cracks.
We are off swimming later having not been to lessons for about 4 weeks because of Easter hols and our centre parts trip, im sure he’ll love it just as much as ever.
“Hi honey. How do you feel? Did you take her out?”
Normally I avoid buying/reading books by friends online because 80% of the time (a conservative figure) I find myself stuck with a real clunker, then feel frustrated as to what to “report” when the “writer” friend wants my opinion. I don’t like being dishonest but, you know how it is. Underwhelmed is one thing, but having to read a bumbling, disjointed, retch-worthy error-filled story resembling an eighth grader’s essay makes me nuts. So I tend to run the other way.
banqueting
Athena is the co-owner of Terralsole and one of the most talented musicians I have ever met in person. She is a world-renowned Irish Fiddle player who hails originally from San Francisco. Athena has performed with Michael Flatley on Broadway as well as the brilliant Michael G Rose. Juliet and I have had the pleasure to listen to Athena play on every occasion to Terralsole and each time we have been moved by her genius. Athena is a gracious host and is one heck of a cook. Athena and Mario are two of the dearest people in our Italian lives.
The anniversary of the death of Osama bin Laden is one of the few events that brings good thoughts about Obama. As time passes, the good feelings will fade and the woeful economy will return to center stage.
You will be greeted by giant statues before even reaching the main entrance of the place. This was probably Isdaan is known for. You will definitely feel like you’re in Thailand because of these statues.
And, you might notice the drink has a koozie around it. Lisa also had koozies made with a little ditty we made up for Justin that says "Pick up a stein, and have a good time, 'cause Justin is turning the big 29!" We know how to milk a theme.
that both does and does not
Of course not all theists have any particular theory about “sin”, or about the causes of unbelief, or about Romans (bookish or otherwise); last I looked, most theists weren’t Christian at all. Again, despite the putative topic of the paper, Plantinga doesn’t seem to be interested in a general philosophical point about the rationality of believing in God without evidence; really he’s just launching a salvo in the defense of Christianity. I’d have more respect for him if he’d just do that, and not pretend to be doing something else…
Effort, and the lack thereof, is also a major part of the new Pilsook/Jason dynamic. Pilsook tells Jason he has no dreams, goals, or ambition and she feels sorry for him. Jason prods her to confess her love for him again, but she says that she went through torture to lose her weight, and now she feels her efforts were wasted on a guy with no goals.
Starting with counters....I love, adore, drool over butcher block counters. Especially, dark walnut butcher block. mmmmm... I'd love to add them to our island but I need to know about practicality.
Happy shooting.
As for how I feel – Right now I’m feeling great. Other than the heat which is starting to affect me. The last few days has hit 37oC.
Most Heavy Metal listeners aren't musicians themselves. I suspect an unquantifiable section of them are failed guitarists, but even so, failed for a reason. It's depressing to see how bands with little meaning to their music are often revered by metalheads as not only important but more important than pop music because they employ technical trickery that impresses the musical illiterate. Nearly everything metal music does on an aesthetic and compositional level is a more technically dense version of what more tame popular music does, only with the conceit that the added chops and technicality can only exist because they serve a higher purpose. Like many sophist arguments, underneath the hood this is a circular argument "Of course my metal is profound, otherwise why would it be so complicated sounding?"
You can substitute tofu, tempeh or seitan for the eggplant. The sauce would be incredible over anything but I like to keep the dish simply veggies. I served it with a side of brown rice mixed with cilantro, cumin and garam marsala. And while it's not too spicy (you can always use 2 chile peppers if you want that extra zing), you can add a dollop of raita or vegan sour cream if you like.
And seemed in the way of improvement yet,
Hanson has not demanded that blacks be silenced for publicly using the word that Schlessinger quoted.
When Lee Kravitz was laid off from his job as editor of Parade Magazine, he lost part of his identity. He had worked so long and so hard at work that he forgot to be a human being. So he went on a year-long journey to reconnect with people from his past and, as the title suggest, taking care of unfinished business, from telling a favorite teacher "thank you" to finding what happened to a mentally disabled aunt.
A friend recently shared with me that he had overheard a couple of SEAL combat veterans belittling other military members who had not ‘been there, done that’ in the war, implying that they were somehow not worthy. My friend had the distinct sense that these young SEALS felt that as combat veterans and ‘war heroes,’ they had earned certain ‘entitlements.’ A decorated Vietnam veteran himself, my friend was disturbed by what he heard.
- Use self etching primer made for metal or glass on your ceramic or glassware
“We corrected that mistake when it happened by filing an amended FEC report on July 30, 2010. So that was corrected 20 months ago. The campaign never paid for the P90X DVD.”
In reflecting upon the title "Africa for Africa," Kuti explained, "I chose that title because I felt it was the most important topic. As Africans, we must start to care and love each other for us to come out of the mess we're in. I felt it was the most important topic to try and get people to think in that direction."
For any Polaroid enthusiasts who will be in or around New York City before the 22nd of August, the first exposition of Impossible Project photos will be on view. Beam me over, scottie!
We have one month a year now called Life Insurance Awareness Month, and they do a pretty good job, but it’s only one month of the year. This is not the Jerry Lewis Telethon. We shouldn’t be out there just once a year-there should be a yearlong massive effort to say to the country that there are life and annuity products that can help you. Because if you rely upon the government to take care of you in your golden years, they will not be golden but copper, and you’re going to be lucky to get copper.
I also picked up a cute old lined picnic basket, a few items for my friend's bridal shower (boy can I NOT wait to show you all the cool stuff I got for this shower), a simple heart necklace, a tiny apothocary-style jar, and a few other odds and ends (a belt, etc.).
2. Place mushrooms in a non-reactive pan, preferably glass or ceramic (DO NOT use plastic ziplock bags to marinade - it will release toxins in your food)
“Love has no desire but to fulfill itself. To melt and be like a running brook that sings its melody to the night. To wake at dawn with a winged heart and give thanks for another day of loving.” ~Kahlil Gibran
On 21 February 2002, the Commission received a letter from Atty. Adaza, sent via the facilities of PTT, requesting for a resetting of the hearing from 18 March to 18 April 2002, claiming that he was already committed to attend a hearing at the Regional Trial Court, Branch 7, of Dipolog City on 20 March 2002.
Celery, 1 stalk, peeled and sliced
More than just a plug for a favorite musician, I’m sharing this because I feel Santigold, like a small crew of others (David Byrne, Tori Amos, Bjork), falls under the “artists” category as much as the musician category, giving her all to create a total package, not just a record.
Lastly, we wore clothes that we would wear to go on the water rides (e.g. swim suits, etc.) and went on the water rides first before lunch. That way, during lunch your clothes have a chance to dry or you could change your clothes then for dry rides, shows, and the parade and not have to carry clothes, towels, etc. with you in the park. Enjoy!
6. Annie Hall
Iporanga House is located in Iporanga, a condominium for summer houses on Sao Paulo’s coast, approximately 120km east from the capital. This condo is inside a very well preserved and protected area of the original Atlantic Rainforest. The exuberance of this native forest has taken the client to demand a house that occupied the minimum as possible of the ground (lot) surface. But at the same time he wanted it to be large and comfortable, and asked for 5 suites, one for the couple, one for each of his 3 sons and one for guests, which demanded not less the 400m2 to be built.
Members of the public who are unemployed or facing unemployment are invited to attend.
My own contribution is 100 new lines from The Katechon (cover image above), letterpressed start to finish on the Heidelberg, and I'll hand this out FOR FREE to friends and colleagues who drop by. You can also pick up really stunning new chapbooks from the following whipsmart up-and-coming poets:
However, there's something about discovering a gigantic pendulum inside a skyscraper that makes my imagination reel. It's as if the whole structure is a grandfather clock, or some kind of avant-garde metronome for a musical form that hasn't been invented yet. As if, down there in the bedrock, or perhaps a few miles out at sea inside a submarine, every few seconds you hear the tolling of a massive church bell – but it's not a bell, it's the 728-ton spherical damper inside Taipei 101 knocking loose against its structure.
"The single largest religion in every state is Christianity," said Dale Jones, director of research services at the Church of the Nazarene Global Ministry Center in Kansas,"if one counts Mormons as a branch of Christendom — which the LDS Church does."
1/2 cup margarine or butter, softened
We also visited the Nasher Museum and another museum that houses a permanent collection of Asian art. Perhaps more on those in a later post.
Finally submitted the proposal for Google Summer of Code 2012 today.
Los lugares que buscaba no solamente tendrían que tener las mas ricas, también las tenían que hacer a mano. Yo buscaba recetas caseras y medialunas frescas recién salidas del horno.
Moral whites do not have the ability to fight the Africans according to their own rules, because their conscience and religious convictions would not allow them to do so. Whites would be fools for thinking they would be fighting a fair fight. They think that by going to a shooting range and shooting at stationary targets, being fit and learning about conventional warfare they would be well trained, ready and prepared to face this enemy in a fair fight. Unfortunately this is not a fair fight, it has never been a fair fight and it never will be a fair fight.
So click away on those links to learn more about my Korean adventure!
Dark Tide:
things i miss on a regular basis:
This contest is open to Canadian and U.S Residents and will close Wednesday September 8th 2010. Winner will be chosen randomly. Please leave your email in the comments unless it is clearly visible in your profile.
If you are a dairy farmer interested in opening an all-natural ice cream market, please -- give me a holler.
The body uses minerals to help stabilize pH levels by combining with acids to create salts that are eliminated through the kidneys and large intestine safely. Calcium, potassium, Sodium, Magnesium, Iron and Silica are minerals that can all help you stay more alkaline. If the body doesn’t have the minerals needed to help alkalize from our foods, it will take the calcium and phosphorus from our bones to help buffer the effects of acid.
And no one would appreciate that, least of all me!
And today I met somebody who has already voted - by postal vote because they may not be here on the day.
Unbeknownst to the two sides, a third party (played by Kevin) showed up to spoil the party. All four Predators showed up at the top of the second turn, running towards four different Stasis Silos. The Predators are clear resin INAP Alien Hunters from Ainsty Castings.
It was something I wrestled with all day. I was reminded of how important I am to him, and how He does love me and care about it. I am His child and I feel like I had forgotten such an important thing.
“Well, duh.”
As for my son's graduation ceremony,
I like going over the rules. It helps me to better accumulate with them.
It was quite hard at first. I didn’t know how to write a blog so that other people would like it. I really wrote useless stuff and when I read it now it’s so boring that it makes me sick. No wonder..
"Harrr-hum!" I cough. "Ladies?"
Paper: PTI Smokey Shadow, Plum Pudding, Lemon Tart, Smokey Shadow Pattern Paper Pack
Feb 3
It…
When just a few months before, her husband was killed.
Meal: Supper (or lunch!)
Sighned
A place then, in the sense in which we wish to use the word, should be an enclosed space. The sense of enclosure is essential to the idea ; not the complete enclosure of a continuous ring of buildings, like a quadrangle, for example; but a general sense of enclosure resulting from a fairly continuous frame of buildings, the breaks in which are small in relative extent and not too obvious.
Menma: He’s been taking care of me a lot while I didn’t try to think about myself…
After sharing gift early in the morning, my daughter and I had a nice big breakfast. I had surprised her with a dress, a pair of shoes and some bracelets to wear. Thankfully, she loved everything and wore it all. We went to my sisters house for a brunch. My mom wanted to spend the day with her kids and grandkids. We do this every year. We had such a great time. I took my camera and between all the exchanging of gifts, the food and just talking I forgot to take pictures. If my sister has any I will post them later.
I'm so happy that my kids love a little spice.
Folk singer Source: A Teen’s Guide to Becoming a Vegetarian
This dedicated to all of our lives and how abundance ebbs...and sometimes overflows.
“Oh hi Jeremy, have you come to rescue us? How grand,” she said weakly with a vague smile.
We met at a local arboretum rose garden in June. Julie loved flowers, like she loved music, art and travel. She and Ron had traveled to Vienna the previous summer with their choral group.
Like Cranberries & Brie on Lemon Thins. This is a great idea for leftover cranberry sauce. Just spoon some of your leftover cranberries over a chunk of brie (this particular photo has my Cabernet Cranberry Sauce) and serve it with Meyer Lemon Cookie Thins. I found my cookie thins at Trader Joe's, but you can find other brands at the 'regular' grocery store.
However, our parenting skills aren’t always “award winning”, so Please Don’t Judge Me…….
You can choose to let it go
Where Stories Begin
It also does little to save Bersih and S Ambiga’s image as a neutral group speaking for the rights of the people for good governance and clean and fair elections.
Parental reaction: This is quite funny, and enjoyable to read aloud. Sarcasm abounds. The geography component makes for fun companion activities, like following along on a large U.S. map with toy cars, or mini state lessons after you read a postcard. Here are some examples of the book's comedic value:
At the moment the sweater I sewed myself ^^
I hope you all had a great holiday season and all that good stuff. I also hope you are happy with the person you are becoming and you are impacting the world for the better and showing everybody you know some love and positivity (sorry, a young person I semi-sorta-kinda know died a few days ago and it got me thinking about all that big stuff).
Tonight I was reminded of a patient that was seen in the ER last summer when I worked there. A quick check of the blog confirmed that I inexplicably hadn't shared this story yet. I heard it second-hand, but I believe it to be accurate.
...and then some. Pins in a map. Montage. The stuff (my) dreams are made of.
My younger brother, Brandon, had been visiting for a week and it was time to bring him to the airport for his flight home. But not wanting him to fly to L.A. on an empty stomach, I took him to one of my favorite ethnic hamburger places, Hamburgão in Newark.
Just look at that skirt!
Although Plato never, to my knowledge, uses panpsychist language to the effect that non-living objects such as pieces of chalk have souls (a view more explicit in the double-aspect ontology of Spinoza), neither does he say they don’t. Anyway he could be using the word “soul” to refer specifically to rationality and that wouldn’t affect the basic argument here. Socrates comforts his human friends with the argument that humans are constituted out of both matter and rationality, a formal property, and as form is immortal, so that element of humans will never pass away. But obviously a circular object is constituted out of both matter and circularity, and so anything said about a rational object also follows for a circular object as both are understood as possessing a formal property, and the argument turns on the immortality of form.
Morgana - Snowsheen (applied under brow with MAC 217 by patting/sweeping and blending downward)
I placed my order on Friday (the 21st) and was delighted to be able to pick which cookies and brownies to get in my selection. I understood that since it was late on Friday, they would not ship until Monday. So, I was excited when I received a shipping confirmation via email on Monday. However, there was already an issue. Cheryl and Co. was shipping via UPS, which makes sense since it’s a perishable good. However, my issue was that when I was checking out, the site made me enter a USPS address. It would not allow me to enter my house address because it could not be verified by USPS as an actual address and I had to enter my PO Box to submit an order.
The cream base plate is lined along the bottom with a repeat row of the "flower", which I know is meant to be a snowflake, but seriously I don't do snow!! A quick ribbon and twine combo, finished with stacked pearls to finish. Quite a lot of detail in this one, but made look simple by the use of plain card, hope you like!
What if my husband was in a horrible car wreck? What if my children were injured at preschool? What if I pour energy into things that are a big fat FAIL? What if?
You need to use ‘Big People ‘ words,’ she was always reminding them.She asked John what he had done over the weekend.
I would like to tell you that I stopped posting about my walks because I have been so busy walking long distances that I haven't had time to post about it. But the truth is that I haven't gotten around to much walking, though I have gotten a couple good ones in.
I know this sexy spitball
Everyone looks around and sees houses like this. They pass unremarked now. After a while, if it doesn't look like this, people are going to think a house looks strange. And it's wrong, wrong, wrong. The situations where a house nailed on the ass end of a garage are appropriate are so few there's no use talking about them. Never do this.
where the rich, beautiful and famous dominate
Kristen Anderson thought she had the picture perfect life until strokes of gray dimmed her outlook on life. Once a happy child, Kristen’s world darkened after three friends and her grandmother died within two years. Still reeling from these losses, she was raped by a friend she thought she could trust. She soon spiraled into a depression that didn't seem to have a bottom.
He came to himself and looked up Paul. He would have known about Paul who was a personal friend of his master, Philemon. He also had enough sense to realise that the apostle would lead him aright.
We were driving very fast – I did not see a driver – and it veered off the road and out into a field with stubbed corn, already harvested. I though it would overturn, but miraculously it re-stabilized itself and found its way out on the main road again.
financed by the –
I didn't get a chance to take a picture before they came running for it. Enjoy!
We have 3 Senators left in the race. No governors or big-city mayors; only McCain spent time as a congressional representative, serving two terms. None have run a business, though again McCain spent time as VP-Public Relations of an Anheuser-Busch distributorship (due to his current wife Cindy’s familial ownership). Both Obama and Clinton majored in Political Science. McCain attended the Naval Academy. There is a clear winner in the “experience” game, and it’s not Clinton.
It's my weekend! Since I often go a few days without even leaving the building (the curse of working in the same place you live), on weekends especially I like to make a special effort to get out. Sometimes it's hard, though, when it's a gloomy day and all I want to do is sit inside, drink tea and sew.
“For certain people have crept in unnoticed who long ago were designated for this condemnation, ungodly people, who pervert the grace of our God into sensuality and deny our only Master and Lord, Jesus Christ. Now I want to remind you, although you once fully knew it, that Jesus, who saved a people out of the land of Egypt, afterward destroyed those who did not believe.” (Jude 1:4, 5)
The editor also complained about language. Again, I don't remember John overusing any particular swear word, so I'm not sure where that came from. I also try to limit the use of swear words mainly because the overuse of them lessens the impact. I try to use them only where absolutely needed.
Simeon saw with clarity who Jesus the child was. That’s why he could celebrate that his life had not been in vain. He had seen the promised Christ. And all of this happened in worship. And I’ve had my life lenses cleansed in worship too. I’m reminded of what and who really matter and who I can ultimately trust. And I just see myself, the world and others a bit more clearly… just like Simeon.
The HHS has proposed the federal government pursue one of three paths to obtain this sensitive information: A “centralized approach” wherein insurers’ data go directly to Washington; an “intermediate state-level approach” in which insurers give the information to the 50 states; or a “distributed approach” in which health insurance companies crunch the numbers according to federal bureaucrat edict.
She is everywhere. She is there, while I'm brushing my teeth. While I'm ironing my clothes. She's ruining the taste of food in my mouth and sucking the beauty out of the music in my ears. She's staring at me, with her lips spread into that creepy grin thing she does, and I'm shivering in my little gray boots. (PS the plastic surgery is really not helping reduce the creep-out factor. Some people were not made for full-on-smiling. Yeash.) I suspect, had Stephen King met Carla Bruni thirty years ago, the "It" wouldn't have been a clown, but a Carla doll complete with Jackie-O get up. In short, I feel like I'm being stalked by the Queen of France.
Pour 2L of water into a large stainless steel pot and place on low to medium heat. Add the grated soap flakes and stir until all the flakes have melted.
This song was constantly playing in my house during the summer I turned 21.
1. What is your all-time favorite food?
How will you survive without me for three days? There will be much wailing and gnashing of teeth, I should imagine. If I were you I would be upset too.
suites have been transformed into function rooms. The Ultimate Laurel & Hardy Picture Show will illustrate their extensive careers, with special reference to their visit to Southend. The show will run approximately 90 minutes, and will culminate with a screening of the classic short Helpmates.
Away from the sight of thy face my heart knows no rest nor respite,
The Malaysian Bar approved the resolution on Friday after only 16 out of 1,270 lawyers opposed the resolution, which contained findings of alleged police brutality against protesters and members of the media.
So here I am, before the sea, on a bench. I finally made it down. Slap-bang in the middle of the shimmering path the sun makes across the water, when it is high in the sky. As I squint across the blinding light, I can make out a plethora of boats, yachts, and what I am pretty sure are fishing vessels. The sea is so still that even the seagulls barely make a noise. Pockets of calm are punctuated with the sound of basket and beach balls, bouncing off the concrete, quiet chitter-chatter, and of course, the soothing sound of the waves as they gently reach the shore.
Whole wheat pasta with veggies and/or protein source
“What else do we know about Arthur Huntington? Well, obviously, his wife runs a neighborhood Bible study and their two kids are home-schooled. A woman who knows the family told CNN: ‘I know him and his character. I would question the allegations.’”
Llers is a community of some 1100 inhabitants in the Spanish province of Girona, in Catalonia, north-east of Barcelona.
Kingsolver's method of using the different female voices to tell the story is perfectly applied. We're able to understand the differing perspectives of the mother and the daughters. No doubt Kingsolver considered giving us the voice of the father, but he really isn't meant to be understood.
Here are some of the ministers you can meet by way of youtube. Say “hello” for me, too.
Saameira: Won’t it hurt?
Arthur. The Tick's timid yet level headed sidekick. He lives a rather mundane existence. Some unknown part of him longs to break out, for excitement, for intrigue.
Her teachers--Mr. Gabe and Miss Kim--and I are seated on the "circle time" circle in the middle of their feng shui-ed/bamboo-floored classroom, while the class rat Hunka Munka runs around between us, crawling all over us at various points. It was freakin' awesome. The basic report is this: She's doing incredibly well, especially considering how different the "Primary" class (with all 4 and 5 yr. olds except for her and her friend Kennedy) is from the "Pre-primary" class she came from. The only issue? Her tendency to be a bit...um...bossy. Seriously, I have no idea where she gets this from. (Nod, nod, wink wink.) We'll be working on this as hard as we can, but honestly? She's my kid: she's gonna be a Bossy McBossersons. There's not a whole lot I can do about it.
As for the actual wearing of a quaspeq, we’ll start with an oldie but a goodie. Does this quaspeq make me look fat? The answer is yes. A quaspeq will make you look wide or wider in the beam, due to the loose and poofy fit. The little skirt option right at the hips doesn’t help. But, the nice thing about a quaspeq is that everyone looks like that in them. And traditional Native Alaskan cultures in my area are okay with a little sturdiness in a gal. It means we’re not weak and that we’re pretty fun to have around since we can probably cook.
“Do you know how much I love you?” he asked her.
Similarly, it follows that Masing must have no objection to the persecution of ethnic minorities in Sarawak, since no single ethnic group forms a ‘majority’. Hence, it would appear, the theft of the natives’ land by tycoons and their political patrons is wholly to be applauded.
“When that lawn mower cuts off your toes, don’t come running to me.”
No need for the gory details. It worked, very well as a matter of fact. Even after, he wouldn't tell me what he used, though I can make an educated guess that it was a strap. He couldn't fit everything inside his paddle drawer so he left them all sitting on the floor by his bed. He also reminded me that he knew what was there and that I shouldn't touch them.
“I noticed that even though this was a Canadian horror anthology and you had to be Canadian to get in, only about a third of the stories had traditional Canadian horror themes,” says Morrell. “What that suggests to me is that folks are transcending traditional locales.”
I think she's cutting ANOTHER tooth. Seriously. 3 teeth in one week?! Last night was back to waking up every 20 minutes, and she just seemed so uncomfortable. I gave her some baby motrin and hoped it would help, but it took a while for her to get comfortable again. It looks like her top right tooth is coming in to join the other 2. I just hope it can pop through in lightning speed so she can go back to her lovely sleeping through the night. And honestly it's not even so much the lack of sleep that sucks, but the sound of her pain cry. It's just so sad and heartbreaking. I mean if you think about it, how horrifying must the pain of a tooth breaking through your gums be?! As adults we'd be percocet-ing it up, I'm sure.
Ironic.
When someone fancies oneself a poet, a blogger, a writer, it follows that one writes poems and blogs and writes, but how long can one go without engaging in those activities before he must hang up those titles; stop espousing them when asked what one "does" or "is?" For today I believe that one is only a writer when actually writing. Even in the milliseconds between typing words one ceases to be a writer. And by writer I mean writer, one that is presently writing, not a Writer with its connotations of a pithy blurb referencing awards and names of pets and a black & white dust jacket photo with tastefully disheveled hair and a cocky smirk masquerading as a humble grin.
He got his coffee stating that I was going to have to turn off my Pandora mix of Patty Griffin as he was going to watch TV. (Do you know how much I hate TV - he loves it of course.)
B. father
Hot Fuzz
Start a New Topic
I told him again that I took care of everything and that he needed to stop worrying about it, and he said...
Ouch.﻿
One thing to consider. Just as he did with the arguments on ObamaCare, Solicitor General Donald Verrilli has given a less than stellar performance. And just like ObamaCare, it's worth considering whether this was deliberate.
I think by the looks of this card, SOMEone is getting ready to
rambutan - This is not a locally grown fruit that I’ve seen in the wild, although I’ve read that not long ago it was one of the top three tropical fruits grown in Hawaii. There’s a lot of interesting facts about tropical fruits out there so I’m not going to spend time describing nutritional value. These are just weirdly fun. Some people may have these growing in their backyard. So I’m on the lookout for them now.
“Huh? No, not so lucky I guess. ” I replied.
"You want me to pay for it?" I asked, tryin' to make sense of the guy.
You deceivers are weak; you claim you are of the light and good but you draw the ignorant innocents into your false flame and turn them into pawns for your dark overlords, your alphabet soup masters, your desert-dwelling handlers.
Be simple and pure,
She loved digging in the sand and was quite content to sit here on the (B)lanket for a long time.
8. I call them “petty” I know at the time they seem anything but minor, but let us consider Jesus surrounded daily by sinners makes our problems pale in comparison.
James Mercy Triumphs by Beth Moore is such a great in-depth Bible study on the book of James that I was sorry to see it end. Beth’s older daughter, Melissa, also had some interesting articles included from an historical standpoint based on research she did.
So kids, do your homework and then come out to the playground. Looks like we got some new equipment coming.
Just as we took our seats, the Dalai Lama shuffled on stage with a wide smile, took off his shoes, folded his legs beneath him on his too-large arm chair, donned a sun visor, and dove right into a childhood anecdote about riding on his mother’s shoulders and yanking her ears to steer her in the direction he wanted her to walk in.
First of all, as the sidebar says, I am a Danish IT consultant in my thirties. For those interested in the details, I am a .NET consultant, working mostly with large financial or public systems.
Stay tuned- I hear drumming in the distance- it could be the approach of The Black Parade.
finish what I started
How to Design Your Dream Bedroom will be held this Sunday January 16th at 10 am
After The Post raised questions about Angeldocs, Weprin’s brother, Assemblyman David Weprin, pulled legislation he had proposed that would allow Ogundu to apply for a retroactive property-tax break on the health-center building.
And a pair of rather nice multi-part Dwarfs, unusual in that they have knees and have bucked the trend of dressing like short arsed Vikings embracing instead the utility and comfort of more up to date equipment, albeit modestly in the crossbowman's case. Other manufacturers take note.
9 Ice Cool Down 4:43
remember. Trying to memorize every bit of information I come across is
Mounts – I actually considered buying a fast mount for Station Case… until I saw them. I do not feel the need to have a mount that screams “Everybody look at me!” I’ll save up for a plain horse.
Hey again! Turns out the plan we would consider is already on sale, bringing our total down further.
A memoir of a Borderline Personality.
So I'm standing on line and then it's our turn and we're called over and I reach into the space under Mason and no bag. I go through the pockets of my blue jeans, my hoodie, and my jacket in vain and there's nary a bill or a coin to be found. I'm holding up line and the attendant says can I help you, so I step off and make sure again and the bag's still not there. So, I decide to rely on the kindness of museum attendants to ladies with two babies. I'm sorry, I say, I forgot my bag at home, can we just get in?
But she saved the best for last.
Borislow is based in Massachusetts, which already has an exchange and many of the reforms in place. Many of the reforms make business very difficult for health insurance producers. But rather than lament the impositions, Borislow and her staff took it as an opportunity to create a new way of doing things—of growing instead of shrinking from the challenge.
Apparently the "courting bench" was a long, rocking-chair like contraption that young lovers used to bend the rules about sitting near each other. The young man would sit at one end and the young lady at the other end, where they could converse at a "safe" distance. But they could also "bounce" slightly down the rocking bench, eventually making their way closer and closer to each other. If they were really lucky they might actually end up sitting next to each other.
So this begs the question: Why does this happen? Why? WHY?
Um, I would want to keep those binders at my finger tips all the time too! SO MUCH FUN!
I just read a post 0n Ruhlman about culinary intelligence and meal planning and how people are looking to find out how to cook meals at home. This is a very loose interpretation of the text.
That “next generation”— of which Stockwell is certainly a part— picked up Scruggs’ mantle and carried it forward. Indeed, it was Stockwell who taught Scruggs style banjo to the other half of Hot Mustard’s banjo team, Bill Jubett. That’s why it’s fair to say that, as Stockwell and Jubett lock into that boogie-woogie riff near the end of “Hold Whatcha Got,” we are hearing the literal manifestation of Scruggs’ legacy being preserved and passed on.
Tell him it is okay if Catholics are gay, as no one is perfect, and we are all sinners in the eyes of God.
Happy Saints Day to all Jordis - those who I know are both healers - one creates Reiki in the woods and the other practises Ito Thermie, the Japanese art of moxa massage.
CeeJay
Seventy-one fought for a second, mostly in blind confusion, as she struggled with that which was her birthright. The battle was short, since Three-Twelve had the only thing she wanted: acceptance. She used it as a lure to bring in the new drone.
they all came back
Oh and if you try dying, well fuck hold on! If you make it, guess what. You don’t get any money for a long motherfucking time. Oh and if you do, well that just makes everyone else around you poor. The only people that really fucking matter in the scope of your life. Burdened by your death. That last little parting gift to everyone that matters.
there are those coupons you can send.
None but the intrepid soul
Jesus flipped tables over. Jesus called the “pastoral” a “brood of vipers.” He yelled at Peter: “get behind me, Satan!” He drove out demons. He lived as a nomad. He calmed storms. He turned water into wine. He hung out with fishermen. He knew many a prostitute.
She was photographed by Nino Munoz, as well as her Korean Vogue cover.
The primary purpose of this is to establish self-sufficient farming communities. The farming techniques employed are traditional and organic to promote pro-environmental agriculture. Hundreds of farmers are deriving inspiration to adopt environmental and soil friendly agricultural methods researched and disseminated scientifically from this model farm. Rural women are trained in this farm in the practices and methods of organic farming. This farm is also supporting hundreds of farmers during the transition from chemical to organic farms. Many neighboring farms have successfully converted into organic farms.
4) When something is working, DON'T SCREW WITH IT. In the gaming world, how much money has Blizzard made on World of Warcraft? How much money has EA made on Madden, Need for Speed and The Sims? How much money has Midway made on Mortal Kombat? How much money has Activision made on Spiderman, World Series of Poker, and Guitar Hero? And it doesn't matter if the producer changes -- you don't mess with the formula until it stops working. This is even MORE imperative with advertising, yet every new AE-who-thinks-he's-a-producer has to stamp out the life of what was happening before and do something new. And it never, ever, ever works. Why? See 3) above.
To have that blindness removed, one would become one of the initiated. As Satan, the god of this world has done the blinding; the remedy is vested in the One Who has defeated him in His death, burial and resurrection, the One, Who according to Colossians 2:15, made a spoil of principalities and powers. That One is Jesus Christ. This blindness can be removed only by the Lord and only by His grace.
4. Tokyo Story, Yasujiro Ozu, 1953.
“A person is counted as part of the labor force if they have a job or have looked for one in the last four weeks. Only about 64% of Americans over the age of 16 currently fall into that category, according to the Labor Department. That’s the lowest labor force participation rate since 1984.”
Thursday: I will have a whole day at work.
PS: Again, as I always tell my readers, even if I am a fan of something, try to get a sample of this before you splurge on it. Especially with mascara, the performance can vary a lot from person to person!
Come tell me what I can plant in my yard, and I’ll politely show you the quickest way to get the eff off property.
But this trailer really delivers the goods, building slowly until it looks like all hell is breaking loose in Gotham. The horrific Bane has obviously unleashed a rein of terror, including the bombing of the city’s bridges, mob violence, and the exploding football field that highlighted the second trailer. The shot of the exploding bridges is particularly impressive.
3 - You have ZERO diapers in your house at the start of the six months
and barking, always barking
Then, I checked the use by date, just in case.
Because I was willing to see, to listen, to feel, to love, I heard what my studio needs.
by leesa86
And goes down for bed at night around 10:30... wakes to feed around 4:00... and then goes right back to sleep until 8:00ish.
And that’s where we’re at today, Friday September 10, 2010, almost ten long years to the day after a homicidal fundamentalist asshole decided to make a point to my government with facile destructive attacks that only showed just how easy it is to murder people in an open society and an open nation and little else. The American Republic and its Constitution almost didn’t survive 9/11 and ten years later, too many of us are still taking the bait, too eager to hear lies that give us something in return for our credulity, like believing the lie that only allowing our government to operate secretly will keep us safe… or that the actions of the few can conveniently condemn all. -But that last bit goes for all of us, -the real “all of us” everywhere on the globe, whether we’re burning books, killing aid workers, denying people’s rights, or waging unending wars supported by some fake, self-inflicted distance from reality.
2. Asparagus, $1.47/lb. at Sprouts (through 11/17/10)
Here's the clip:
Splitsing Recht uit het hart NL
The next step is to make the "Underdrapery" and the "Overdrapery". For that I like to use a "Pretty Pleater" by D. Anne Ruff. http://www.danneruff.com/ I have read elsewhere that others don't like this device because it makes panels that look like a "wasboard". True, it does create that look but you don't have to leave them that way. How you finish and install your treatment will determine washboard or not. This is a great tool for pleating.
Run one lap around the office at top speed.
Thank you for all the support during our Ethiopian adoption and first year at home!
It would have been useful to have a distinction made between story and narrative, and perhaps a discussion of form rather than structure, as I found parts of the definition of structure confusing:
years ago, i read and enjoyed the Ender’s Game Series – every time I hear the series or any of the characters mentioned, a flood of characters fill my mind with memories of their adventures.
Article 60: Proved that the media focus hit the first Defendant;
who have the morals of alley cats and the femininity of a tin of beans. There’s one thing all these people on these shows have in common and that is: they are all young and have not had a lot of life experience.
We did a lot of exploring and walking during our trip. I’m so happy that I have been walking and exercising the last few months. If I would have went on this trip 7 months ago I don’t think I would have been able to do half of what I did. I was able to climb narrow stone spiral stairs in a castle tower all the way to the top! I was really scared but I did it and felt so proud! My weight has always held me back, more so in my mind than anywhere else. Going to Ireland is something that I have always wanted to do and having went now I know that the other things I have held back on can be accomplished.
It is those people, the ones in the ranks of the EDL who are talking about political goals, standing in elections and forming a political wing, who are the ones who will be working for MI5, Special Branch, the media and the police.
Seriously. Dave Ramsey is gonna have to cut a girl some slack 'cause I HAVE to get rid of these suckers.
But it was still fun.
We have a nice big Panasonic 50" plasma in the lounge room (go figure - for everything else, Australia is metric, but TVs? We use inches). Attached to that is our Onkyo amplifier and surround sound speakers, Playstation 3 (doubles as our Blu-Ray DVD player) and the latest acquisition, Telstra T-box (for recording TV and we can also download movies from there).
The manner in which Kalahari.com presents this new book, without even acknowledging Jannie Geldenhuys’ military rank as “General”, demonstrates a rather impudent attitude, but this is the same attitude exemplified by the liberal South African media, as aptly pointed out by Mike Smith in an article published online, on 21 October 2011, on praag.co.uk.
Such creative genius! A simple ‘tweak’, and Bâri′ M. Shabazz gets his new identity – and an unencumbered, bright political future!
Stop back soon for:
While the source material for this film is the stuff of low-grade pulp novels, Orson Welles elevates it using his normal gift for composition and a few directorial flares. These include some choice closeups, a ridiculous court room scene, and the brilliant and famous mirror sequence at the end of the film. I confess though, that I am still struggling with Welles’ awful Irish accent.
Thru this amazing imagery I now understand the message. She (we, as a collective, that have readied our bodies and consciousness) have removed our attachments to life and are currently on the top rung of the ladder into the field of Heaven… not by dying, but by LIVING!!
Walk with me a moment...
Many of Timor-Leste’s independence leaders were educated in Portuguese and have promoted it as the language of resistance to emphasize historical and cultural differences between their would-be nation and surrounding island territories controlled by Indonesia.
What are the best things about being a writer?
Vic
What dread hand? and what dread feet?
We're now mastering the album, for the least continuity as an "album." So it will soon be available on free download from our site. Except that, we don't know much about the future. We were to try to let BoA know about the project(a tribute should be tributed), which seemed not easy, but magically she retweeted about us and that means that now she knows. Maybe she doesn't quite hate it. :) So I think we have come to a certain point now. We'll just watch what the right-holders would do to us because we don't want to get sued! :)
“There are not as many trees in this area so there is not as much wood to be finding. However the… how you say, pines? Yes, the pine trees have many dry needles about them that will make for good fire starting.” She paused. “Though I suppose I had no need to worry about starting a fire when we have a mage skilled at such things.”
I should note that they can be spun manually.
3) An average amount of milk produced by a dairy cow is 6 gallons... you totally should have seen our freezer full of bags of frozen booby milk about two months ago- we were running out of space...and its a stand up deep freezer...
Thanks so much for stopping by. Please leave a comment. Thanks, Anne
People seem to ask the question, are you a designer or a craftsperson? This isn’t a fair question to ask as it forces you into a choice of one or the other. It is not a question that many people find easy to answer for that reason.
And I have an interstellar Military SF novel and its sequel up as an omnibus version, HERO and BORDER DISPUTE.
Axe Save $1/1 Shampoo 12oz or 22oz or Styling Aid 2.64oz or 3.2oz ets (4/22)
Even more extravagant is the memorial in the chancel to Charles Polhill, great grandson of Oliver Crowmwell, a merchant tailor in Smyrna, and latterly a Commissioner of Excise in London. Following his death in 1755, Sir Henry Cheere, sculptor, ornamental mason and official ‘carver’ at Westminster Abbey, was commissioned to produce the grandiose marble memorial in which a lifesize Polhill stands in a relaxed pose, head resting on hand, elbow resting on an urn at his side. Two muses – Faith, reading a bible, and Hope, clutching an anchor – sit at his feet, while above his head a cameo commemorates his wife, Martha. It’s possibly the most astonishingly flamboyant memorial I’ve yet seen in a church.
show me said the spider
I feel like when I answer the question I have given too much information. I want to have snazzy comebacks. Sweetie Pies, consider this a formal solicitation for said comebacks.
Bit by Bit is a blog created and maintained by Elementary School Technology Integrator, Bob Sprankle. Sprankle discusses the use of LiveScribe and other new technology recording devices in the classroom, as well as posts about the iPhone’s usefulness with regards to parent-teacher communication. Sprankle also discusses how to use Google to teach critical thinking and perform accurate and compelling research.
Do you have a community website? If so, what kind of data is available there?
Autumn Years Rest Home: Mother’s Day Eve
8. Decoding Society - Black Widow pt.2
On another Random note, I really want to loose weight I'm talking about 30-40 pounds. I really need to, I used to weigh right at 130 pounds and now I'm around 165, I have to admit that I do carry it well. But, I'm over this weight and really wish I could stick to a diet and exercise routine. My problem is I LOVE to eat, and I'm a little lazy. This summer I'm looking forward to rocking some cute little short shorts, and tanks but I'm going to have to get my weight under control. I'm not against taking diet pills, so if anybody knows of any over the counter weight loss pills please let me know.
So they decide to do a Joint-Venture Agreement.
I was so impressed with Gower Peninsula.
this particular New Urbanist always tells Europeans that they shouldn’t leave their tours of the United States without first visiting Charleston, that while (in general terms of course) in Europe there are magnificent public spaces (walkable areas, broad avenues, parks etc.) and impoverished private spaces (apartment-caves with little light, little room, etc.), and while the United States is lacking in rich public spaces (strip malls, car culture predominates), but has rich private spaces (well, McMansions or the North Dallas special type construction of home, built for comfort, light, etc.)–Charleston has the best of both worlds–public and private spheres.
The evening chimes as I climb down from the roof, Mika has a beer waiting for me, it is a time to celebrate. Next week the kiln begins.
I cannot say much but I can say that in two weeks we will be on an airplane (a big one!) flying halfway around the world and then we will get to see our babies in person. That much is still the same.
White shirts led a face-off with protesters on the Brooklyn Bridge on Saturday afternoon. The episode provided no viral YouTube moments, as the senior officers avoided confrontations with the demonstrators. Yet as hundreds of arrests were made, chants of “white shirts, white shirts” could be heard. A white shirt is the antagonist in the demonstrations’ defining image: Deputy Inspector Anthony Bologna’s dousing of some penned-in women with pepper spray on Sept. 24, which seemed to surprise at least one of the blue shirts standing near him. Martin Stolar, a member of the National Lawyers Guild representing protesters, said, “It appears that it is white shirts that are directing the rough arrests.”
Costume Karaoke Party (this looks especially great)
1098 ***D-II/1/1991. “Amendments XVI, XVII, and XIX.” Centennial Lecture Series, Lenoir-Rhyne College, Hickory, North Carolina. (Incorporated in Item B-6, above, pp. 186-94, 439-40 (1995).)
Into the chocolate brown hills of the treacherous Karakorum Range is a ‘place out of nowhere’ in the Indus Valley.
"Clearly, research like this can be beneficial" for dealing with the bird-flu threat, Dr. Eric Toner of the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center’s biosecurity center, told the Associated Press.
“There is a big chance when you open the fridge in my house there will be a pair of shoes at the bottom.”
O'Fallon, St. Clair, Illinois
His heart was mirthful to excess,
Skirt - J Crew
Still, they prompted me to research what the Bible says about the topic. There is a lot of material there on love of money, blessings of abundance, abuse of resources, rewards, punishment, the ugliness of selfish wealth, the abuse of the poor… Finding verses to back each person’s hobby horse (proof-texting) is easy.
#5. I did exchange for one year in Denmark, and I miss my family and friends there, also I miss all my exchange student pals!
they are doing now, after the earthquake–
I'm so excited to welcome debut author Robin Mellom. Robin's debut novel Ditched is fun and will keep you guessing until the last page. Robin will be here in April for the Houston Teen Book Festival. Please help me welcome Robin!
modernization programme.
09. Man With The Golden Arm (Mick Tucker Drum Solo) (Elmer Bernstein, Sylvia Fine) - 9:43
Basically, forget the refrigeration step. Go straight to rolling it out and freezing it for 5 minutes. As for the excess dough, it will be too hard to roll back into a ball at first, so leave it aside and work on a different piece. It will thaw out quickly. Or you can play around with it a bit by rolling it with your hands. This will speed up the process.
cried yourself to fitful sleep?
being a musician has involved plenty of navigating as things come ... it too is a process . from playing my first show when i was 26, to making my first EP, to years later, making plum coulee . i'm learnings as i go . it's certainly a journey, one i'll be learning in and from for my lifetime . . and ultimately, i'm ever grateful i'm sharing it with the piano .
Meat off menu for Muslim prisoners
Will we ever outgrow this?
I will have some catching up to do when I get home, and things will return to normal next week.
It surprises me that we haven't seen a few more records dedicated to this man yet...I mean come on people, ya'll was dancing in the streets when Mike passed and his story was nowhere near as great as Teddy P's...at least not in terms of the comeback he staged after that car accident anyway. Ughh, I might of just secured a dizzying amount of angry emails from MJ supporters wackos. All I'm sayin is, teddy was that dude in an enormous way...perhaps the greatest to ever come outta Philly and believe me that in itself is a towering achievement.
In reality, any employer that adopts a policy of forced retirement age is almost certain to get sued over it at some point and will have absolutely no guarantee of winning. it is a high risk strategy and only employers who feel they have a compelling case for retirement should even consider such an approach. For most employers and employees, forced retirement at a set age is a thing of the past.
Quick note about the scores above: The dashes mean that I didn’t take data on that objective (many possibilities—they didn’t have time to finish the quiz, they misinterpreted the question and the question they answered didn’t give me good insight about their abilities, they made a mistake that I deemed to be related to a harder skill (like, say, a mistake in drawing a diagram that was due to their misunderstanding about circular motion, not about the directions of forces), I mistakenly put that objective on the back without any questions relating to it, etc.). For more about 0′s, 1′s, and 2′s, read the more detailed information about my whole grading schema.
Much like the inappropriately termed “Arab spring.” we were told by the media that these protests benefitted the oppressed, were largely spontaneous and without any leadership or organizational structure beyond the occasional tweet or mention in the social media. While right-wing talk show hosts, pundits and bloggers described occupy group members as human flea circuses in need of discipline and a good shower, the left presented them as courageous people taking a stand against social injustice created by a rigged economic system.
Worried about getting old in the workplace? Become a journalist.
and changed their
IV. Continuing on the Present Course
The Columbian Exposition brought to Chicago visitors not only from all over the country, but from all over the globe. Among them were the sculptor, Léon Grandin, and his wife Marie. But their visit was a lengthy one, stretching over ten months, for Grandin was there to work with Frederick MacMonnies on the Columbian Fountain. Fortunately for us, Marie Grandin, who had been an elementary school teacher in France, was curious, intelligent, a keen observer, and kept a journal, which formed the basis for her book, Impressions d'une parisienne à Chicago. Equally fortunate for us, Mary Beth Raycraft has given us a respectful translation as well as an introduction that provides us with background information about Mme. Grandin, and contrasts her experience and book with those of other French women writing about America.
But I did. And I've already worn it a gazillion times this month, to the point where Brendon now quacks "swan" at me as a term of endearment when I wear it.
I had a great time with the Colucci family. Their little girl is adorable! It seems like every family has their own version of a bribe in order to get the children to cooperate for pictures. For some it is ice cream or candy, but for this little girl it was McDonald's.... and boy did she deserve those chicken nuggets! Here is your preview Colucci family!
I bring you the messages, the qualities, the virtues, the blessings of love. So, I am pleased to stand here with him, and I am pleased, my dear hearts, to stand here with you. No, I will not intervene. And I invite you, dear Steve, to direct your questions to either one of us—it matters not. We always bow to each other, for that is the way of our kind.
Our crappy furnace is in need of repair, this on the heels of our hot water heater crapping out. Husband rigged up a temporary fix so we're not cold, but the thing really needs new parts. Before the spike in traffic from my post about the shameful history of the Democrat party that nobody wants to acknowledge, this blog had an average of around 22,000 page views a month; with the traffic spike, the past 30 days' stats shows about 28,000 page views. If just ten percent of the core readership of this blog could sport out a single dollar a month to help a blogger out, I could stop pestering you to hit the tip jar and also have more mental energy available to put together more posts you will like more often and perhaps even find some paying writing gigs. It would also go a long way towards helping us to climb out of the hole and get back on our feet. There is a subscription button in the right-hand margin along with the regular donate button if you'd like to help out.
The Darling Buds - Pop Said (Columbia 1988)
Hines could not be reached for comment Monday.
A few years ago the ministry of health discovered that wells in some rural villages near where we work had high levels of arsenic.
There are countless ways to retain your customers…but you need to manage and measure these ways…
Cutting mat : $10
There were about 30 of us. We were all young boys between the ages of 8 and 12. We didn't know each other, but we bonded pretty quickly like most kids do. We were living for the moment with a short attention span and lots of sugar and carbohydrates to keep us going. It was all a dreamy blur.
As teachers, we should teach them to dream AND build!!
I used this pretty digital stamp set, Let It Rain. The image was colored with Copic markers and the mat was sponged with ink. The card was designed with Eco Park designer paper and I used the border punch to create the decorative edge for the yellow border. To finish off, wrapped the card with baker’s twine and embellished with the brown pearls.
because I love blogging, not to set an example to some imagined cancer community of which I’ve never considered myself a part. I want to be free to tweet or Facebook-post about whatever’s going on in my life without it looking like I’m doing it to harvest concern. I want to get texts and phonecalls and emails filled with gossip instead of worry, and I want to write lists of
COOKING TIME: 15 MINUTES
Raincheck: If you go to the store to buy an item while it’s on sale, but it’s out of stock, you can request a raincheck. It is usually a handwritten slip that will allow you to receive the sale price once the item is restocked, even if the sale has ended. Some rainchecks have expiration dates, so you may have to have them reissued if the item is still not in stock by then. They may also express a quantity limit. You can use coupons with your raincheck if they are not expired.
CINEMATOGRAPHY
It will come later in this post.
Guest: Richard Barrett, composer and keyboard improviser
Fast forward to the present day. GJ is so gifted in so many ways. She is kind, makes friends easily, and loves learning new things. I have been enormously blessed with how she's handled SO many things that other children and their parents struggle with. Bed time has almost always been easy. She's not overly picky with food. She has never been shy around new people or situations. Even with her transitions from her baby/toddler school to Montessori to public school, she'd handled everything with bravery and grace.
Then Awaken all of yourself.
For many, this was the perfect solution. Not for me.
With a crash from a nearby tree, the figure of a horse smashed into the surrounding undergrowth occupied by Alice and the creature. With a roar that Alice had never heard any horse make before, it reared and kicked the monster where its chest ought to have been and sent it soaring into the bushes. With smooth, muscular arms, it picked Alice off the floor who gazed at it opened- mouthed.
Her mother turns to me and smiles.
That’s amazing. But it isn’t the part of Sasha’s story that inspires me.
Eliza (age 5) is earning money to buy a vending machine to put into my husband's store. After she pays that off, she'll probably save up her tickets for specific toys she wants, or TV watching privileges or something. I don't know quite what yet.
If there's one thing you can count on on my blog, it's pasta. I hope you never get sick of it. If you do, go check out these cookies, I guarantee you won't get sick of those. I can't get enough of them.
'Clyde Tolson? Assistant Director FBI?'
Word of mouth. With the 100-day countdown to the Olympics grinding along, the BBC's Chris Ledgard examines how trade mark law can control the language of the games, asking if word use can ever be effectively contained and controlled. In "Word of Mouth" (here) he meets historians charting usage of the term "olympic" over centuries, talks to comedy producer Jon Plowman about the BBC mockumentary "Twenty Twelve", and discovers that one American university wants some words banned altogether. You can listen to this 28-minute programme at 11.00pm BST on Radio 4 here (katpat to Andy Johnstone, who says "it's worth a listen for the quite abysmal confusion amongst overwise educated people about the distinctions between patents, copyright and trade marks"). If you live on the right part of planet Earth, you can listen to it even if you miss it, via iPlayer here.
And our delegations with Former Premier Bligh, Deputy Premier Lucas and Minister Hinchliffe and ULDA.
I had one light below and behind aiming at the background with a red gel. The glass was sitting on a DIY shooting table with piece of glass painted white on one side. The purple color on the table was achieved from the red reflecting off the background.
on friday, we celebrated 6 years in a somewhat unorthodox way. most people go to fancy hotels and have nice big dinners with sparkly gifts exchanged. we celebrated by visiting you at your government approved hotel, in a military town far away. we took bella to the playground and then went to the mall and we ate dinner in the food court. we spent the weekend recording you reading new books you bought for the baby, swimming in the hotel pool and playing with the trains at barnes and noble. it was a bitter sweet weekend. each moment, i was reminded how much i would miss you and how much you and i had become one. just as we would be laughing about something only we would find funny, a though would pass through my mind and i would remember that at the end of the weekend, we would say goodbye, and i would start to cry. i've never felt so bi-polar in all my life.
What have you drawn? Draw a face on your clown, and colour him bright colours.
No 41 (67.21%) (w)
The most sensational is being the outside spa.
Mix in oats, coconut, nuts and dried fruit.
Nits Nescio NL
In preparation for tomorrow's answer session—which I'm hoping to keep as short as I possibly can, but we'll see—I thought I would go a little light today and upload some photos from my cellphone telephone.
But mine were pitifully worn out, so in the trash they went. I was shocked to learn that I had underwear from five boyfriends ago. A decade’s worth of undies was still under my roof long after the lover for whom they were purchased for his viewing pleasure was out the door.
I have the original VHS videos upstairs in the attic, pre-Special Edition, though I think even they had been mucked around with prior to release. I'll count that as a yes, even though I haven't watched them in years.
John Smith’s Grand National Record: 2008 Black Apalachi (Fell 2nd), 2009 Black Apalachi (UR 22nd); 2010 Black
2.) His sense of humor. He can (almost) always make me laugh. Even when I'm determined not to. This makes it nearly impossible to stay mad at him. I know. I've tried.
2. My husband loves me anyway.
I’ve heard people say that if you work on more than one project at a time, that you’ll never get anything done. To that I say, who cares? I’ve got several thousand characters trying to claw their way out of my brain and on the the page. I enjoy every moment of writing them down. I gets done when I gets done. I’m not itching to be rich or anything. I just want to be able to write whatever I want whenever I want and have a kick ass time doing it. Now that’s what makes a writer! Now, go fill up a notebook!
It really shouldn’t come as too much of a shock. This is the Joss Whedon who got so tired of seeing the ditzy blonde cheerleader with the silly name die at the hands of a monster, he gave her a stake, some brains, and the name Buffy, and let her tear through the monsters. But he seems to be a bit more vicious in his critique of what the horror genre has devolved into over the last decade, completely disregarding his proof that horror can be intelligent and witty and more than just gore and blood.
Have dough at room temperature.
Did you ever have one of those day? Sure you have, we all have. In fact, I’m having one today, actually it started yesterday. There I was, feeling very creative and productive working away on some materials for my business. Then it happened, one simple question from my daughter and I’m stressed about a legal issue I never even considered. This may be a more extreme example of “one of those days” but I’ve definitely had my share of the run-of -the-mill type as well. One small event messes up your plans, you start to dwell on that one slip-up and then, everything else seems to go down hill from there.
“Our feasibility study is ongoing and in October, we filed the necessary documents with the NRC to reactivate our license, which is currently in timely renewal status. Once active, the license may be utilized according to its present terms and conditions while URI completes its license renewal. We will also continue to educate the community on the project, our focus on safety and the environment as well as the economic opportunity it creates for the area,” he said.
Sempervivum (hens and chicks)
YUM!!
Of course, she went with a glittery blue and a bright pink. I didn't have the heart to tell her she's not Barbie.
The Book of Illusions is packed full of symbolism of which I hear Auster is very well known for, but this was the first of his books I read and I intend to familiarise myself with more of his work, so waiting for me on my bookshelf is The New York trilogy :)
together, that makes fire possible.
So how does Ian Hart’s Sacred Gin compare to my own?
Studying grief and loss so that when one of my friends loses something I can know what to say.
That's right, Chuck Ardo: far from accusing the PLCB of curing cancer, those of us who questioned this contract were actually engaging in "reasonable public questioning." That's from the state auditor general, Chuck, so you can take that to the bank. Wagner wasn't just talking about the awarding of the contract either, according a story in the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette:
In the school I go to talk to Z-Toad's teacher.
“You now have privilege! That means you are a worthless, expendable piece of shit, to be used and disposed of by more powerful women and all men. Your feelings, thoughts, actions and indeed your life have absolutely no value outside what others can use them for. That is the cost of your privilege. Shut the fuck up and pay it.”
Maybe I don't want a 3rd child afterall either.
I get the impression that Fox learned everything he knows about ID by reading Darwinists.
After getting through the first book of the series of Dark Ones I was ready to try the second book. Sex and the Single Vampire brings back the original characters from the first and adds some.
Treat yourself to the Biltmore when you stay at Lovers’ Loop Retreat, an affordable Asheville vacation rental.
Join me next time for the end of season 7 with the classic story Inferno...
The general plot line surrounding the film is two rookie cops who go undercover as high school students to bust the cool kids who are selling a new synthetic drug. During Jenko’s and Schmidt’s return to high school their roles switch. Jenko who was once the popular jock is now the science nerd and Schmidt who was the geeky loser is now the big man on campus. Throughout the movie their friendship and career are tested and they are forced to confront their worst enemy…high school. At the end we see that friendship conquers all.
12. Spud - John van de Ruit
Sentiment Personal Impressions
We’ll hit the road, see some sights, visit with family, pick up a few of the things that didn’t fit in the car last time, hit the road again, and get back home just in time for my pre-op exam.
8. My umbrella. Over a month ago my gorgeous leopard print umbrella died, so I bought a cheapie black one to replace it. Weeks went by without a drop of rain, so I havent had a chance to bust it out yet. Until this week, that is. Three days in a row. My feet got soaked but my head and torso stayed nice and dry.
Privacy has lost some ginormous rounds these past few years. At some point, we consumers will have to choose. We can no longer just use misdirection for our own protection. The data bases know if the e-mail addresses or phone numbers are bogus. The coming horrors? Hold onto your seats. The newest POS systems will be using facial recognition software at the check out station cameras to process our purchases. No data needed.
I don't know what's driving people to drink to an excess more and more, but we've been getting hit hard with relatively normal people bringing their drunk family members in thinking we're going to fix years and years of drinking in a quick ER visit with a social worker and a doctor. These people aren't just drinking a couple of beers after work and Al Bundying on the couch, these are formerly-functional people blowing 0.46 on the breathalyzer and walking in like it's just another day of errands.
Not only did he think it was, indeed, orange, he said it was “awful.” This is quite a criticism from a man who didn’t bat an eye when I bought a truly orange couch, painted the dining room asparagus green, and furnished our guest room in teal, fuschia, and purple. He then compared our house to WILLY WONKA'S CHOCOLATE FACTORY. At this point, though, I had invested so much time and energy into the paint that I had to defend it. I rationalized that it would look better when the white trim was freshened. While harlequin diamonds were definitely out at this point (the second color turned out to be a shade I’ve renamed “squash shit”), I thought I could mediate the effect of ALL THAT ORANGE, by painting an Indian-african-inspired border along the top edge of the wall. Finally, I figured that once the wall decorations were rehung, the orange walls would fade into the background.
So there's today's interesting tidbits! :)
This eight-issue series will be written by Scott and David Tipton, the authors of critically acclaimed Star Trek: Infestation, with a helping hand from longtime Doctor Who writer Tony Lee, and will feature fully painted artwork by J.K. Woodward (Fallen Angel).
Giving up the fear of hell that was so deeply instilled in our Catholic socialization in itself is no help. It is the thought of me no longer being here, me no longer adding my two cents worth to life, that seems so unbelievable.
To see all these amazing creations - please click on the winners' names and visit their blogs. I am sure you will be as impressed with their work as we were.
Even so, He is still speaking today and stirring my heart and revealing His truth. And, in the meantime, I have learned to be better at waiting and letting God develop and mature the revelation before I shout it to the world. Progress!
Day 50
Supposed two guys are approaching you in a parking lot and do the classic fan out maneuver. You indicate you have a weapon by clearing your gun hand and fanning your jacket at them. They are not discouraged. DRAW!
Robert Hussa, 51, Roslyn, N.Y.
In school we learned about slavery in his-story class. According to his story, slavery looked like this:
I didn’t realize just how serious my brother-in-law is about this morel business until he sat down at his laptop and clicked onto morels.com, an online community bulletin board/information center for “Morel Madness 2012.” Here you can see photos of the latest morel finds and, surprisingly, even find out where to find morels. Or you can inquire about buying and selling.
Should we fight the whole world’s battles?
Sometimes I am full of crap!And what I mean by that is pretending to be happier than we actually are.You know the mumbo jumbo I’m talking about out there because every t.v. psychiatrist/psychologist speaks it. “If you want to achieve your dreams, visualize…” “to be truly happy, you have to…”"You do better, when you know better”. Now, I’m not saying that that doesn’t work, as I have used some of those very techniques in my own life with SUCCESS.However, there are days that for no other reason are just not great.Days that suck.Days when you want nothing more than to curl up on the couch with a warm bean bag, PVR-ed Desperate Housewives (minus your annoying spouse) and a Caramel Macchiato.And on those kind of days, I want to be a little crabby, a little self-wallowing and a tad unreasonable.The last thing I want to do is pretend to be happy, when in fact, it couldn’t be further form the truth.
I’m not sure why Jose, the man who captured the footage, had a surveillance camera at his home set up in the first place – but being a native of Fresno and knowing about the area, I don’t blame him. There was probably a lot of theft going on. Regardless, this thing is quite intriguing. What is it? Why was it crossing his lawn? Is it an elaborate hoax? We would also like to note and point out that Weird Fresno, a excellent source for paranormal happenings in Fresno, California, had a post about a similar video here. This video in particular seems to be fake in our opinion. We are quite familiar with video editing software and we believe this video, which claims to be filmed in the mountains neighboring the Central Valley, is a product of someone skilled in video editing.
kick the bucket
Berkowitz said it’s easy to imagine an old unsolved rape or murder case that happened in a rural area decades ago. Detectives, police chiefs and family members of victims move away or die. And no one makes the move to see what old evidence, if any, might bring closure to a case.
So I kind of forgot to do my 10 things post on Tuesday… I don’t know where my brain was. So today I though I would make up for it by sharing 10 things I enjoyed about the festival I went to over the weekend.
Complete silence and darkness.
Rick Tillman's Call of Nature started the Shorts Block. It was short, sweet, to the point, and got some laughs with its animated Cthulhu. Other shorts I saw that night included:
Rosemary sprigs (optional)
On an electrician's truck.
I’m excited to announce the winner of the Joss & Main Giveaway is The Richardson’s. Please email me! Thank you to everyone who entered!
Leading the way, the Harvest King would fashion a corn husk doll from the last sheaf of corn and carry her on a stick to represent abundance. These are simple to make and are a fun activity for the children to make.
There's this super-rad place called The Hole and dude. Can I live there? Awesome place, awesome people, awesome THINGS. And there's ART. Why would you NOT want to read a book with art?! Also: Salvador Dali quotes = WIN.
The recent changes of bus route and timetable cause some inconveniences to the people who live in the suburban of Sheffield.
Other Ways You Can Help
Last night I watched as Linda energetically typed away on her netbook. R: “What are you working on?” L: “Today’s blog.” R: “Today is MY blog day.” L: “Well, $#%!”
So, I realized I wanted to get back to blogging about all this crazy, sometimes fun, sometimes not so fun stuff!
Just short and sweet for now but will be updating again later today..
MSR Titanium pot
Well… So I consider buying these shoes. It will mean that I have to live off from not so much money until I get paid next time, but I really like them.
“How can I get out of my circumstance?”
The follow-up question is why now rather than later or much earlier; and only Activision-Blizzard could tell you that; the cynics will say its because hacks cost too much (meh), but it could also be that it will be a legitimate and substantial improvement to the forums systems, that has been planned for a while. If the changes for RealID were being planned, it stands to reason that this was part of it.
Kris says that teachers in the US would teach for example mastery of an algorithm, while Chinese teach the mastery of a concept. She then says how MEP is aligned with this way of teaching the concept and mastering it, and that will help you through other lessons. For example, if a student learns why you multiply two digits the way we do for all possible cases, the Chinese teachers would tell you the students should and would figure out by themselves how to do it with three, four, and ten digits. If you just learned how to proceed with a two digit multiplication and did drills, a few months after you may very well make the mistake of forgetting how to align the results correctly because you just memorized that 'rule to multiply', without mastering the principles of multiplication, and the mistake won't jump in front of your eyes.
Drinking together in what would be Alaric’s last moments, the BFFs shared some laughs and finished the entire bottle, marking the end of their fabulous bromance. I was devastated to see this friendship come to an end. Their chemistry and scenes together have been some of my favorites of the past two seasons (2nd and 3rd), and, as a viewer, it was hard to watch them say goodbye to that. Tragic.
I still pray for you to bless you ,
First, this week happily sees the release of The Backworlds, by Mary Pax.
I can't help but get a little weepy looking at this photo. My parents were in their mid-50s when the grandkids started coming. This little guy will never roast hot dogs on the beach with Oma and Opa, or go sailing with them out on Seneca Lake or hike along the railroad tracks with them and pick up treasures. But hopefully he'll still get Opa's stories and Oma's sweet songs, and the certainty that he is well loved.
And I've been scrapping up a storm too... although I can't show anything just yet.
-Corporal McSherry
Goo: I don’t lie. I have never lied! I am the goo created all things. I am the honored hero of the big bang: the Darwinian darling. Throwing this in…my inner ear, my vocal tract, my larynx, and my outer workings were at one time parts of chimps. I evolved from the chimp parts to the Neanderthal. I should know! I was there! When they discovered my body parts in caves and in rocks I was already something else.
I took care of Mom through the weekend, and the following Tuesday, I loaded her and her baby doll, "Savannah," into the car. I told her we were going to go somewhere that there would be nurses to take care of her all while I'm at work, and she would have lots of girlfriends to talk to. She was excited.
The menu (which you Facebookers can read here) features a Ska beer paired with each dish. The Ten Pin Porter paired with wild mushrooms and polenta in a truffle cream sauce sounds especially appealing.
Now my heart will never mend
“That stuff is highly corrosive. It’ll eat through flesh…” Kayla analyzed and then stopped. Then it hit her like truck. “It’s a suicide option!”
10 All nations surrounded me,
Dear Mr. “Kamwe”,
I’d like to make four observations about these verses this morning.
I will be taking pictures of so many things and getting experience with the camera.
Seem to have a bit of a red thing going on at the minute.
I played guitar for three years prior, but I like this so much better (still love the guitar, just don't love playing it). I would upload some audio of me playing the piano, but alas, I don't know how. And I'm not in a techy enough mood to figure out. And I don't feel like making a video.
All I want to say is: Anyone who wants to put a display on a courthouse lawn, please examine your motives first. Look inside yourself, and be honest. Are you trying to proselytize? To ridicule? If so, you’re a douchebag.
Besos
The back will be something fun and soft!!
Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface, and knead lightly 4 times with floured hands. Pat dough into a 6 x 4-inch rectangle. Cut dough into 6 squares. Place 1 inch apart on a baking sheet coated with cooking spray. Bake at 425° for 12 minutes. Cool on a wire rack.
Keep your words positive because your words become your behavior.
They grow many of their own grapes, but they also supplement by purchasing from others in the region (highly regulated by the DOC standards). Dorotea shows us some of their vinyard and explains that where possible they grow the vines from the walls because the walls hold in moisture, and DOC regulations prohibit them from watering. The mist from the sea also provides moisture.
-What are you talking about dad?
The Publican recognised and admitted his position as being lost. He saw himself as hopeless unless God would manifest pity in his behalf and by His mercy would deliver him from eternal damnation.
There are a number of myths about bodybuilding being bad for personal health but these come from those who do not understand what dedication and requirements are needed by the sport and make up reasons for their ignorance.
At some online poker rooms rakeback is not allowed, and that is why some rooms offer VIP instead, most of the time a VIP deal is nearly the same as rakeback or even better.
stage #3. for the rest of the fall it kept coming out gradually. in the beginning of december before heading out to a christmas party my sweet husband who could see my growing bald spots better than me said..."babe, it's time to wear a hat." thus the above photo became my look for about 4 months. hindsight is 20/20...but man i hate that hat. i often wonder why i did not just shave it all off? probably fear and insecurity.
If that is not the case, then tell me, oh American, where did our love go?
of Coffee as a way of buying myself time I wouldn't know
Zoe Jakes
In addition to the above mentioned I have made more of the Chicken and Rice Creme Soup which I am in love with. I have made it with and without the chicken and it really did not matter to me. I have some of the Potato soup and the Italian Mozzarella Meatloaf also ready to be made. I will keep you updated as we try things out. Also if you haven't heard Homemade Gourmet has their own blog now also, they are better about posting than I am, so check it out www.homemadegourmetblog.com
Reaching out over the creek was a tree. The tree at one time must have been pulled off the bank by a flood. Pulled of but not quite uprooted, the tree laid parallel and four feet above the creek. There were sparse branches and leaves, but all in all a perfect place to sit and relax. It had a perch to sit in. All was quiet except for the sounds of moving water. The creek was about 35 to 50 feet wide. Its velocity was a quick walking pace.
I saw this a few weeks back when we had a few sunny days, and it made me smile, I’ve been trying to use the photo on here but this is the first time it fits. Its nice to see a much maligned group of people finally get a reward.
V. Anohin - bass-guitar
9 Kristin Brekke W Canyon Country, CA 9:55.8 30:50.96
Why is BN shaking so jittery in its foundations? There must be more than merely wanting to stay on in power despite having enjoyed the glory for over five decades.
Sweet Andy. Eyes that shine to brighten the world. He is just happy, all the time, happy happy happy! I want to be Andy when I grow up.
on her knees
all these shots were taken using a tripod and mostly with a trusty old 24mm manual focus nikkor lens fitted on a nikon fe slr. in a week i shot twelve 36-exposure rolls of fujichrome velvia 50 iso slide film.
He was the biggest asshole on this side of the Mason-Dixon Line. Maybe on the whole East Coast. Oh, what the hell, let’s just say the entire country. You get the point, he was an A-S-S-H-O-L-E, and I hated him more than I’ve ever hated anyone in my life.
NL
Emma Hello there, I have used some paper from the Double Sprinkle of Kraft cd and Sundae of Seasons to make this tag from my own template. I made the sentiment using a distressed ticket and my Dymo. The flowers were made from punched out flowers coloured with Distress Stains.
Saturday started with us going the local Waldorf schools "Winter Faire" The kids love this and look forward to it every year. This is where all the pics are from. I wish I would have got more, but we were having way too much fun! Bradley even won a cake from the cakewalk! ( Bradley loves cake like... well pretty much like a RAD kid with PICA loves cake. Which at my house is ALOT LOL)
This story was a lot of fun and is one of those stories that helps readers understand their place in time.
Now I am sorry but I worked so hard to gain only 8 pounds and they were showing a weight gain of 15 so it did bother me but I tried to let it go.
- 50 g walnuts
We can think of this as an application of the Tao, or of Ueshiba's notion of enveloping your adversaries. If you prefer, you can think of it as leverage: if someone is using a lever to magnify their force on an object, is it better to push back on the object, or on the other person's foot? You can also think of it as getting past the superficial story to the real story underneath. The best kind of compromise is when it doesn't matter whether anyone gets what they said they want, but everyone is getting what they really want.
The women were Mary Magdalene, Joanna, and Mary the mother of James; the others who accompanied them also told this to the apostles, but their story seemed like nonsense and they did not believe them.
feels like to be small, and to always wash your hands.
And the platform is a beach full of shells under silvery grey
I met a Cosmic Cowboy and He’s ridin the stary range.
10. "Autodidacts are the shiznit." Chloe Maier
We launched it and it went so high. All the way to the sky.
I considered contacting Bonzo for some mercenary assistance, but he specialised in battles, and this was a war. Also, he didn't like coming down past Nottingham because he thought the cops would be on his tail. Literally.
So here’s to Cindy and all the women out there who know how to be a true friend! I hope each and every one of you has someone like her in your lives! (With or without the bat!)
Mountain Sun Pub & Brewery XXX Pale Ale
1. Abolishment of Forced Military Conscriptions (i.e. without Abstention Clauses, or backed with punitive fines and prison terms)
Issuing invoices to Festivals, newspapers, (schools) etc.
I think there’s been quite enough stage-setting in this post, it’s time to get on with the main event: the index to the series itself. As I said above, in this first draft of the series, I’m going to be using David Shaw’s article on cryoethics as my basic guide to the topic. And since Shaw’s article looks solely at the ethics of cryonics, I will avoid, for the time being at least, considering the technological feasibility of cryonics. I may consider this at some future point, but such an eventuality is unlikely for two main reasons: (i) it’s well outside my own area of expertise and (ii) as we shall see, the technological feasibility of cryonics does not need to be particularly strong for the main arguments to work.
Several touring exhibitions will begin making rounds of the UK in January 2012 displaying both portraits and photography of the Queen. Street parties are being planned around the country by communities and organisations in order to join in the celebrations.
Dennis M Carey, 51, Wantagh, N.Y.
“The Light shines in the darkness and the darkness has not overcome (understood) it.”
I wake up in the morning, most definitely not feeling like P Diddy, but instead with a growing dread in my stomach as I mentally count down the days until exam results. So far, there are four days to go, which to me seems like an endless barren wasteland of non – productive days, instead they are spent just sitting, waiting and hoping, and casually refreshing the facebook newsfeed every five seconds.
… we can’t enter the air-conditioned library, because we were such losers who can’t win over the sign “NO ID NO ENTRY”…
“Remind you of anyone, Tom?” he says when I approach the two of them. He is not speaking of the little girl.
I made this card for my Mom...she's having a meniscus repair(knee)...and I know she'll definately be feeling trunky. My Mom and Dad go to Arizona in the winter, Canadian Snowbirds, when they're there...I order online stuff like crazy and ship it to their address. Shipping to Canada is a fortune sometimes...whereas...in the US...shipping is free mostly. They came home this month and one of my purchases was more My Pink Stamper stamps...I love these. I saw this sentiment and I couldn't resist.
So, the weekend has started here. We go by Sunday as the first day of the week here, so have Friday and Saturday as the two weekend days.
British paramilitaries are unlikely to suffer from such difficulties, at least to the same extent, for two reasons. Firstly, John Smith will not attract the same degree of attention as Mohammed bin Qassim when he phones up his local garden centre for a bag of ammonium nitrate. Secondly, British paramilitaries will doubtless already be recruiting farmers into their organizations (for a variety of reasons), and who in government will be able to keep track of the approximately one million tonnes of ammonium nitrate acquired for legitimate agricultural purposes every year? If 100kg of ammonium nitrate is passed from a farmer to a bomb-maker and ends up devastating a Muslim residential area in Birmingham, how will the security forces move to interdict such flows in future? This is, after all, only a tenth of a percent of a percent of a percent of all the ammonium nitrate used annually.
Despite these words — which don’t mention the communion incident — many are assuming that the removal is related to the priest’s interaction with Johnson. Rev. Thomas LaHood, who is the pastor at St. John Neumann, denied this over the weekend, though. According to the Post, LaHood echoed the letter over the weekend and said that the removal has to do with “actions over the past week or two.”
Our Brownies Sampler was specially-made to be a classy gift with a gourmet taste. Perfect for a family member, friend or that important client.
proved government doesn’t work!
but i can't withdraw entirely.
Your own hero and star…
1 1/2 tbsp. coffee or espresso powder
I've been thinking of packing and lazy summer days, so this Monday I thought I'd share my thoughts on cosmetics, starting with my basic kit. This is my easy-to-grab, always right selection. And yes, even on short trips, I tend to take that many lipsticks, maybe two or so less.
This is the first time I've seen a card set that encompasses multiple Olympic teams.
But then: DISGRACE.
She never became an actress and this was the only thing she was in as far as i know, -although she took acting classes as well as dancing and singing lessons. She moved in those circles and at times worked as prompter at a theater.
Brideshead Revisited (Evelyn Waugh)
My blogging has been very lethargic lately.So It was nice today to meet in person Dominic ,the governor of ...made out of words.We discussed meeting up with Alan from
By Fiona McLeod - 20 April 2012
Who’s gonna leave?
Personally, none of the looks that went down the runway were really 'me' but it's great to draw inspiration from them from the textures, tailoring, layering and accessories. There were some really fun pieces and I particularly loved the turquoise trousers and jacket combo which of course, was from Zara. It's all in the tailoring isn't it?
The same happened the day that Greece entered the Second World War.
Thanks for your continued prayers. We're so close...
Jesus, come to us again!
Day 3 was done today. It was a Cardio Power and Resistance program, and I liked this one as well. I'm finally learning how to do a push up after 28...almost 29... years of not knowing how! I am very proud of myself. This was another 40 minute workout, but the moves are already becoming familiar and its allowing me to actually do them the right way. Theres a pretty long warm up again, then some stretching, then right into the cardio circuits. Sprinting, Hurdles, Squats, Globe Jumps, Power Jacks, 1-2-3's, Moving push ups, running push ups, etc. Its really difficult but not as intense as I thought. I hope I'm doing it right! Its all about form and your own personal pace... I know I don't get as many in as the ripped people on tv, but i know that's OK. just getting off my butt is good enough.
Dawny P created this very pretty card and used mulberry flowers, aqua openweave ribbon, little striped buttons, ivory button twine and baby blue Liquid Pearls to great effect!
I like the beer. Pretty colour and lots of flavour. Not bursting with passion fruit or any of that bollocks. My days of writing detailed beer descriptions are over. Why should you trust what I say? Go and try it for yourself.
Contrast the 58 bn yen losses of Fukushima area farmers with increases in foreign food imports:
Social Issues: Homophobia, subversion, government corruption.
I recently sifted through a folder which I had not opened since late 2009. In a text file labeled “bits, bytes, and bullets,” I found this verse. I have no concrete recollection of writing it, but it serves as an apt demonstration of my mindset at the time.
What a difference five years make.
In Britain, I got a passport saying F as soon as I changed my name. My GP had to write to the passport agency saying I intended to live female life long. In Australia I read one can get a passport marked M, F or X for indeterminate; X is not open to transgender people, but that will come. The US has dropped the surgery requirement for giving a correct gender marker on the passport.
The club were at No 86 when this report was first published in 2010 but jumped to 11th last year. Now they are tucked in behind two of the biggest clubs in Europe and it highlights their need to be wary of UEFA’s Financial Fair Play regulations.
Be it the aftermath of death, weather or just plain, piled up work, McAfee men seemed endowed with a built-in capacity for bringing order — choosing one thing they could see needed doing and doing it, then tackling another and another, until the overall scene surrendered to common sense, persistence or miracle — whatever it took.
08 Shine On You Crazy Diamond (Parts VI-IX)
It was doomed before it even existed, in the 17th century, the moment a black slave set foot on soil that would eventually become part of the USA. Importing slaves from Africa was the Original Sin.
I like to mix color as it gives more interest. If I am coloring a stamped image or otherwise.
What was truly great was seeing these big-time celebrities doing their thing and supporting a great cause. I'm just glad I was able to see it all.
because each next town up the road unwound
This first card was cased from the Unity website, I made 35 of them for a twin baby shower. Cutting those little banners got old pretty quick! *wink*
$6.4 Trillion: Cumulative Deficits Over FY2013-2022. (CBO, 3/16/12)
The door of the white car opened and Amber looked at it. It was the Audi. A man stepped out and she moved back. Damn interfering Venator.
Dummer formed the John Dummer Blues Band in 1965.The original line-up was John Dummer(vocals, harmonica) Roger Pearce(guitar) Pete Moody(bass) Bob Hall(piano) and Dave Bidwell(drums.) Moody later left to be replaced by Tony Walker(bass) and his sister Regine Walker joined Dummer as a second vocalist. The band changed its line-up and began a regular Sunday afternoon residency at the Studio 51 Club in London's West End. Dummer had moved onto drums and Dave Kelly and Tony McPhee joined as guitarist/vocalists with Iain "Thump" Thomson(bass) and John O'Leary(harmonica) Dave's sister Jo-Ann was also a regularly featured vocalist at these sessions. The band picked up a following at the club with visiting artists like John Mayall, Keef Hartley, Champion Jack Dupree, Long John Baldry, Duster Bennett and Alexis Korner. The band was signed to Mercury Records and their first album, "Cabal" was released in 1968. Dave and Jo-Anne Kelly and Tony McPhee were featured artists and the band was the same as had regularly played the Studio 51 Club. Tony McPhee left the band shortly after to re-form The Groundhogs.
(gardenhistorygirl detects a bit of suspicion of the nefarious park department there), and her photography was part and parcel:
I suspect the filmmakers thought they were being topical with a half-assed environmental theme and oh-so-global-community-relevant-and-respectful with the films villains. They are eeeeeeevil American industrialists who are using any means necessary to force a righteous and pure-hearted Ukrainian politician to let them turn his nation into a chemical dumping ground. The truth, however, is that I don't think I've seen an environmentally-themed action flick this stupid since Steven Seagal's "On Deadly Ground". At least this film never gets preachy.
Tash herself is a big draw - she's a dreamy and self-conscious individual who you want to shake at times, but also can't help wanting to protect and look after. Each of the characters are realistically written, in as much as they have high points to their personalities and low points. Indeed, if a character is generous with money, they can often be a little spiteful with gossip, for instance. Hugo Beauchamp is a real Rupert Campbell-Black sort of chap - frightfully snobby, arrogant to all hell, and yet impossibly warm-hearted at times. He is the model male lead, in my view, and I wish I had my own Hugo!
Entering my card into the following challenges:
This is wrong. They didn’t. They voted for the motion supporting the NHS reform bill.
(Tess and Ali after the first show)
In the shape of an attitude’s belief system,
- Hundreds of years ago in Japan anyone who attempted to leave the country was instantly executed.
Sugar, 3 tablespoons
To decide which goals are the most important and least important I have applied a weighting system.
We strongly recommend early arrival to ensure seating of groups consisting of three to four. Seating is based on a first come, first serve basis. Guests should arrive together to ensure they will be seated together. Handicap seating is available.
I finally realized that when Jesus talked about coming between a father and son… it meant that there really is a spiritual battle going on and we are told to not choose anyone in this life over Jesus. If you are disfellowshipped for questioning the Watchtower Bible and Tract Society, that means you took your spiritual walk seriously and sought the real truth.
Daikichi, a 30-year-old bachelor, meets the 6-year-old girl Rin at his grandfather Souichi’s funeral. It is there that Daikichi and his family learn that Rin is Souichi’s direct descendant. When the topic of who would care for her comes up, the family shirks all responsibility of raising this “shameful” child. Reacting emotionally, Daikichi declares his intention to take Rin into his home. This is the story of two very different individuals coming together under one roof and learning what it means to be a family, an experience that teaches Daikichi what it means to be a parent.
So the story goes Bryan, the bounty hunter, is portraying his preacher twin brother Bruce. Bruce was previously attacked by someone looking to hurt the women he looks out for. He runs a safe house for ex-prostitutes. In the very first chapter we meet the woman Shay Sommers who is a millionaire getting bad press for her charity all because a girl who was pregnant almost died. Shay will run into Bryan but he will not see her as Shay Sommers, he will see her as Shay a prostitute. She decides to play along since she is trying to help women get off the street. Thought this would be a better way to help connect with the women. Now as the story goes on both Bryan and Shay find it hard to stay away from each other, while this is happening danger is surrounding the safe house. Someone is trying to get to the women, will Bryan be able to protect all of them?
I've got a cute freebie for anyone who could use it. I just put it in my math stations this week. It's for tally marks and counting by 5's. It goes along with the new common core 1.NBT.1. Just click HERE for a free copy. The graphics are from Scrappin Doodles and From the Pond with fonts from Kevin and Amanda.
The beer pours a mahogany reddish brown. It's slightly darker at the top. A finger of thick ocean foam head. It's thick, but also shiny and glassy.
Our story takes place after the Great Wars between the powers that have controlled the Earth for centuries now with the Federated Central Command in charge space travel is an everyday thing. Captain Jack Raven and the crew of the Star Jumper are on patrol. From escorting Galactic prisoners to being Ambassador to warring planets, the young Captain Jack and the only crew he has ever known explore the farthest regions of space.
I focus on trying to talk through my tears. I've stopped any attempts at holding still long ago.
Hellbound: Hellraiser II has many flaws going for it, but it also has its moments. The story might be a mess, but I personally find the whole Hellraiser mythology interesting. I think this is definitely a series of films that could benefit from a remake. A new take on this universe could try and develop a story that plays with the same mythology but in a more comprehensible manner. But things aren’t all bad with Hellraiser II. The film does have its show stopping moments, like the scene where a psychiatric patient cuts himself up with a blade, and the whole sequence where Julia finally escapes from hell, in all her gooey slimy glory. Those scenes with characters coming back from hell without any skin on make me rank this film and the original one as two of the goriest movies of all time. We get to see a little bit of Pinhead's past and who he used to be before he became a Cenobyte. There are quite a few nightmare sequences that stand out and are adequately surreal and incomprehensible. I’d say if anything, this film captures the madness and darkness of Clive Barker’s mind. If only it made a bit more sense!
After perusing the menu on the wall and trying to make a decision on which sauces to try, when our turn came at the window, we decided on a combo order of “Party Wings”, Seasoned and another combo order of “Whole Wings”, with Honey Gold sauce. Both came with fries, appropriate veggies, Ranch dressing and rolls. Fortunately, after placing our order, a booth opened up and we were able to secure an adequate feeding spot. First up, the Honey Gold wings:
The Monitor, which was not built for the open ocean, sank in December in a storm off of Cape Hatteras while being towed south for blockade duty.
All you need is time.
Go West 1940 Hollywood Movie Watch Online : Megavideo Link : Alternative Link :
Thou art alone the one from whom I took
Take the halved Oreos and dip them in the chocolate using a fork. Remove and place on a wire rack. Place in the fridge to harden.
Now on to my projects:
like, apart from our sense receptivity and the activity of our understanding, must be rebutted with the question: how could we know that things exist? "Thingness" was first created by us. The question is whether there could not be many other ways of creating such an apparent world--and whether this creating, logicizing, adapting, falsifying is not itself the best-guaranteed reality; in short, whether that which "posits things" is not the sole reality; and whether the "effect of the external world upon us" is not also only the result of such active subjects--The other "entities" act upon us; our adapted apparent world is an adaptation and overpowering of their actions; a kind of defensive measure. The subject alone is demonstrable; hypothesis that only subjects exist--that "object" is only a kind of effect produced by a subject upon a subject a modus of the subject.
LDL Cholesterol (bad kind): 111
even if not the same place,
And the profit and loss.
Then we jump ahead ten or fifteen years (I'm guesstimating) for some fine Southern quartet singing recorded on the Sharon label of Los Angeles and the eponymous Dixie Four label of Indianapolis. Two of these are Noah's Ark-related and in classic African-American style--De Animals A-Comin' is even described as a "novelty spiritual." The performance is fun, not to mention Dr. Demento-ready.
"You are AMAZING! I just wanted you to know I couldn't have gotten through this year without you!"
Yesterday I was in a hurry, and tried making a focaccia under the grill/broiler. Bread recipes are annoyingly uptight and controlling, but over time I´ve come to rely on instinct more and more. Particulary with flatbreads, because, come on; they are the staple food nomads, and many other people who don´t have the sophisticated ecquipment we´re used to. I bet improvisation has been ok many times.
The hurt was too much to bear and I wondered how much more time before he snaps. He suffered in silence, his pain hidden from the world. Taking on all the untrue accusations, abuses and beatings, trying hard to diffuse any potentially violent situations. Blatant discrimination, disbelief, gender bias and the fear of social stigma keeps many male victims of DV suffering in silence even if the abuse is life threatening. Treated by the society as a joke these men who are mostly caring, loving sensitive people face isolation and terrible psychological problems.
I’ve always believed that leadership is not limited to one’s title. In fact, when I started Big Cheese Coaching in 2003, I chose the name “Big Cheese” to reflect my belief that we can all be ‘Big Cheeses” regardless of our positions if we access and develop our potential and hone our authentic leadership.
Short stories: Approx. 600 a year. We keep about 180.
“Erdogan, save us!” they chanted.
“Arsehole,” he shouts. “Come here, arsehole.”
For our main course, we went with:
Have you seen the movie or read the books? What are your thoughts?
Thus, my social life reached a sudden impasse. Excuses to avoid social outings ensued, and I found myself counted amongst the ‘off booze for January’ brigade much to my own chagrin. I felt like Neo in the Matrix when Agent Smith makes his lips disappear – only without a bug embedding itself into my residual self-image.
Shampoo? In the North? I’d be fed to the whippets if I even thought of using shampoo. The badgers have always been kind to me, so I’ve started to grow some grey hairs in their honour.
No, since I do not have one, but I wish I did.
Brides can change into a second dress right after their ceremony and before the reception begins or you can change during the reception. It’s entirely up to you.
07. Round & Round
A lot of people say Ceramics is hard and will take 30 years to master I don’t believe in that theory. Did a person really have 30 years to master a art back in the Ming Dynasty? I wasn’t there so I don’t know but I believe they were good students, listeners, and practiced and practiced and practiced mastering the craft. Also, people say being a Artist won’t pay the bills, I will not be able to afford a comfortable life style. I believe that will only be true if I allow it.
One certificate per party. Where dine-in is available, limit 1 per table, regardless of separate checks. Gratuity should be applied to the full non-discounted amount of bill. After expiration date, merchant will abide by certificate state laws. No cash back.
What was once accepted as good and right, is now considered bad and evil, and that which was bad and evil is now presented to the world as good and decent.
For her family and her people, Rhia would sacrifice anything. And Crow knows it—.
The gris-gris grabs you from the first track, the title song, in which weird jungle noises give way to a throbbing bass and frenzied snare pounding out a beat punctuated by a slinky electric organ. The Doctor’s familiar Crescent City drawl sounds right at home amid the groove.
Amazon has received complaints about this book for at least the past few days. I found out about it this morning, as did thousands of others, who flooded their customer service phone lines, e-mail support, reviews, and alerted the media.
Encourage those around you to fulfill their dreams, passions, etc. To contribute to the success of others is one of life’s most rewarding professions and it will most certainly make the world a better place.
The best way to illustrate what we can learn from the American experience is to give you a potted summary of what the first invitee said about Greek debt, and then immediately afterwards, what the second person started to say about the more profound issues lying behind it.
EDITOR: England?
VIDAL: In that regard I have to be honest with you, Wolf, and tell
Ok, I will be the first to admit that some days I just fly by the seat of my pants! I will read a book during snack time for enjoyment, a question will be asked, it sparks a conversation, AN IDEA IS BORN!! Seriously, sometimes my best lessons are ones that came from the kiddos!
I just made this card out of paper that was left over and just tried to make a simple simple card and not do anything I'm used to ( I said tried...some things never change) BUT it became a simple card.... well well..
In the middle of the wreath there was a rusty star that looked kind of lonely, so I decided to go through all my primitive Christmas ornaments I had in a box and found this prim wooden snowman that I thought would go perfectly in the middle of the star. Just hot glued him on.
Your charitable acts
I found my notes from our roadtrip home from Colorado, yayy!! I thought they were lost for good but apparently not. So our roadtrip home consisted of leaving Denver and heading Northeast to South Dakota. Turns out there's nothing in South Dakota but this really weird, Dr. Seuss looking landscape and pheasants that like to play Frogger with your car. No breweries for day 1.
However, the next morning, I pulled out more of the meat, and I soaked some of the slices in water for 20 minutes before frying them. These were perfect!
Many thanks to all our readers. See you again soon in the Posthorn.
"I'll try not to," she said.
The other massive misjudgement of the BBC correspondents was never to shut the fuck up. There's a time for analysis but it's not minutes before the ceremony starts. That was not the time for Matt Frei to embark on a description of the changing role of the Vice-President over the years.
4. Don’t force wordplay. If it’s not there, it’s not there. The headline should instantly jump out at you as you’re writing. If not, don’t try to convince yourself that it works and end up with a headline that isn’t apt. As is the case with a bad comedian, once you have lost your audience, you’ve lost them for good.
Another Take Out box. This one has been decorated with the lovely Blossom Party die from the current Spring Mini Catalogue.
November 3 Washington, D.C. Sixth and I Historic Synagogue
Recent studies have demonstrated how the beginning of each Gospel performs the role of an overture that introduces the main characters, the major themes, and the world in which the story unfolds.[2] This initial content shapes the expectations of the audience and sets the stage for all that follows. In the gospel of Matthew, we find the opening narrative leading up to, and reaching its climax in, the announcement and birth of Jesus in 1:18-25. In the heart of this passage an angel of the Lord appears to Joseph in a dream and makes three statements: Mary is to give birth to a son, Joseph is to call his name Jesus, and Jesus is to save his people from their sins (v. 21).[3] The following essay will explore three aspects that this verse reveals about the mission of the one to be born and how they are developed throughout the narrative.
In The Matrix, Keanu Reeves prefers to fall asleep hacking and then wake up to "Dissolved Girl" playing. I prefer to come back to my dorm after a drunken night around campus, put the song on and crank the bass, letting the sexy-but-wounded voice of Sarah Jay lull me into a further state of lovelorn zoning out.
Secondary stressors of job loss such as financial strain and loss of personal control are some of the true culprits that can lead to low feelings and even depression. Studies seem to indicate that elevated levels of depression may reduce the likelihood of reemployment. Mmm not looking good eh.
Instead of taking yet another of those personality quizzes or analyzing the plot or the characters, I thought I’d offer my fellow bloggers a chance to showcase their best work. You know, that one post that really made you feel all awesome and cool and heroic? The one that should have been Freshly Pressed, dammit? The one that you loved but sadly didn’t get the exposure it deserved? This is your chance!
I am pulled out of delirium by phone calls. My cell phone is next to me and in sickness, I seem to be answering all my calls and pretending to sound professional. A. who wants a recommendation catches on. She says, "Maam, take care of yourself." I am touched by this, perhaps, perfunctory courtesy, kind of like the gay Cambodian nurse in Santa Clara who asked me before he drew blood: "Feeling emotional today?" I was pregnant with M, and had been weeping profusely in the waiting room about someone's death, and he seemed like a messenger of sorts. Sa. calls to remind me of moot court. They are preparing for India and I know the only advice I will have for them is -- beat them on law, not on passion. He has a knack for understanding half sentences and partially expressed thoughts. Then R. I say to her, I am sick, I don't know how I will do this. Then I walk to my laptop and find the file in my email, and miraculously I go over it, and she doesn't even push me. This is what I like about students. Temporary, intimate connections built around intellectual purpose, and in this delirium the one thing that holds me up.
Yet another belief holds that the Scythian Greek soldiers brought by Alexander of Macedonian, stayed on after his return and married the local women of Kodagu, to form a new distinct race.
The deadly trio of Sir Humphrey sabotage, EU commitments, and having started 5 years too late, continues to mean that the Coalition is walking earnestly down underwater steps on this one.
Anyone have big plans for the weekend? I'm going to take full advantage of having nothing planned, sit back and relax! I have been wanting to finish the book I am reading, sounds like the perfect weekend to do that! Tonight is my sisters last night home, so I am looking forward to spending some time with her before she leaves.
Today, my composition class went on a field trip to the Botanic Gardens at the local UC campus. I had been to the gardens a few times before, once when the Saint I Am Married To and I were engaged and a few other times on calls. I had forgotten how big the place was and how beautiful. There was no shortage of things to photograph.
With sister’s face you’d run for me
Meanwhile top bishops in the Church are pushing for gay marriages and are too busy defending Islam that seeks to impose Shari on the Christians. Driving their flock into extinction rather than in leading their flocks to Christ. Is it any wonder that the Orthodox Church is growing quickly in the UK, while whole congregations convert to Catholicism? The Devil definitely has a play ground in the Church of England.
The service was prompt and the portion was generous. We all enjoyed our food, although the broth was a bit too salty for my liking. I would definitely come back there ~.
One would then think that gay rights would take a backseat to bigger issues like, say, I don’t know…the economy, terrorism, the fact that China basically owns our country’s soul and if we don’t do anything about it then we might as well start learning Chinese right now.
That was about 25 years ago and
Oh joy of joys.
Hi everyone!! Thanks for making this possible. Nutella Banana Bread was Foodbuzz's Top 9, September 23, 2011. Yippiee.. A fantastic way to start the weekend.
Today, thousands of dentists, physicians, psychologists and other health professionals receive training in hypnosis. Hypnosis has emerged as a valuable tool in medicine and psychotherapy and is fully recognized and utilized by many scientists.
Your sleep schedule is an important aspect of healthy sleep. Going to bed each night at similar times helps the body to establish a pattern and subconsciously know when to wind down each day. It won’t hurt you to stay up late for a night or two, but continually staying up for hours or even all night can reverse your schedule and confuse your body.
College, the Jesuit Fairfield University, and the Jesuit Fordham
Happy Thursday !!!
By 5:00 PM, my normal time to arrive home from work, none of the grass areas visible from our second-storey apartment had any playable snow, not even the east-facing slopes bordering the Tyson parking lot.
4 cups Arm and Hammer washing soda
This is one of several issues that to me clearly delineates the candidates and makes me come down on the side of Judge Baird. Every politician has flaws and like Craig Watkins in Dallas, I won't agree with him on every issue. But Judge Baird would enter the job unfettered by decades of institutional baggage that IMO limits the incumbent's vision, not to mention possessing a more profound appreciation for the implications of DNA exonerations for the prosecutorial profession. I don't know if Democratic primary voters will understand that distinction, but to me it's an important one.
These Zack Brown peeps again - they sound very bluegrass. Next.
I have neglected this blog and all of you wonderful people.
Winter Break has begun for me.
Bake for 1 hour. Eat!
In addition, 160 skilled employees at the company’s Uxbridge headquarters were made redundant, and a further 150 posts are due to go at Cadbury’s historic Bournville factory in Birmingham this year.
Prom stuff is heating up this week with events to do almost every night this week for the Junior parents to get ready. I'm not sure which I'm going to be doing... but we'll see what I can fit in. Saturday night I'll be up all night helping out with the after prom party. Teaching Sunday school the next day should be a hoot!
Natural gasses are an underutilized resource, and coal is extremely filthy, so this means that the electricity I am using in my apartment is most likely coming from oil.
The technical specs for this image are as follows, ISO 200, f 7.1 at 1/125 th of a second with an EV of + 1.33. I used the same old 50 mm f 2.5 macro lens.
I was born and lived all of my life on a peninsular with magnificent beaches but great views of our deep water port on one side and an ocean fed river and inner port on the other side.
Instructions by Maharaja Prthu
Serial daters. Very unhappy with bad sex. (Ladies, that’s why he left you. Don’t say its because you didn’t do this or you cheated. Your sex was bad. Bottom line.)
Meanwhile, the JMPD say they are investigating the incident.
Companies are seeing the number of voluntary resignations increase from year to year. According to a recent Monster-sponsored study, 40 percent of the 600 HR managers surveyed have seen turnover within their organisations increase in the past 12 months and 55 percent expect employee retention will continue to be a high to very high priority over the next five years.
You Light up my Life…Debby Boone
Second the Events. These are not quite as annoying as the group invites, but when you invite me multiple times to the same event--when I have already responded, enough is enough. Invite me to the event, I will respond, and attend should I chose. Don't bash me over the head with multiple invites. (I am not sure how this is happening--I thought you could only invite once, but maybe they are changing it so it appears again and again?) All I know is there is one particular event I am about ready to say no to on principle.
How are you feeling now?
Supposedly Winston was deeply proud of his American heritage and hung portraits of his American grandparents in his home in London.
Upon Keith taking in his surroundings he looked at Brown. The commissioner went to open his mouth to explain why we had be summoned, but he was cut off as his first word was formed by Keith.
Even without the pre-post travel adjustment, this is still one of the nicest triggers I have worked with. I would definitely recommend it for any CZ shooter.
So you had a balance. And in the context of those communities, we prospered like no other nation on earth. Tocqeuville when he came to America praised the civic virtue of Americans — their collective self-reliance in building hospitals, schools, churches, etc. But in recent times, not only in America but throughout the Western World, “individual autonomy,” the code word of modern liberalism, has become ascendant outside the context of community. And not surprisingly, as radical individualism grew, the power of government grew as well, especially in the 20th Century.
David Halderman, 40, New York, N.Y.
“Tigerli consoles himself with Renate when I am away. When I came to visit you in Seattle last summer, I found a beautiful Russian girl to look after him.”
Another crazy week for the Brooks household…Actually, I think every week that we have school is a crazy week!
I was filling up myself with Life, I was mesmerized by you.
Finally, I started a new fitness program, which has sucked up the remaining amount of time I have. Even though I work out regularly anyway, this new program involves lifting weights or cardio six days of the week. I’m hoping that as my body acclimates to the process so I can recover faster and get some more posts out.
All I want is the success of this Party. I will not sit back and surrender London or the South East. I, along with other longstanding activists, have the experience and the public profile to lead this campaign. But to do it, we need your help.
03. Furious
For the second post in a row, I bring up A Girl And Her Gun's incredible, powerful and moving post about her experience with our community when she made the decision to become self-reliant and sought our community's help, assistance, and guidance as she began exploring what firearm was appropriate for her.
(In a separate post, I will review Dissident, but it's useful to situate it in a style. Deschutes has brewed a beer very much in the classic brown style, something of a cross between Liefmans' Goudenband and Kriek--reviewed below).
I hated looking in the wall to wall mirror in front of us...my "flying squirrel wings" beneath my upper arms, my smiling belly button peeking out beneath my shirt when we lifted our arms up, my extra chins bouncing and shaking...my rosy cheeks...that was the hardest part...looking at what I have done to myself over the past several years...
So, I need to find something else. Since credit unions are for the popular kids, I’ll check into local banks I guess. I’d hate to go back into the alternative financial sector (a fancy word for payday loans, check cashing places, etc), but I will if it’s the only way to stop supporting this investment.
Britain’s Got Talent had an interesting turn out this year when Susan Boyle had a nervous breakdown and the entire house the contestants were kept in is reported to have descended into chaos. Personally I think this was media hype and things probably were not so bad.
That is not a typo, I am indeed a mighty worrier. It's a habit I believed was an integral part of me (whatever that means) all my life. Lately I've been urged by my spirit guides to break that habit. They are encouraging me to trust. I have to do my part - return phone calls, schedule appointments, do the laundry, etc. In return the world will respond by holding me securely. What a concept! Gravity is reality but I have tended not to trust even that. I really am a mighty worrier. Or - I HAVE been. Now is the time to make a change, to connect to the nurturing powers of planet earth. In this way, or so say the spirit guides, I can become a relaxed participant in life. This is my goal for the decade of my sixties. I am tired of worrying.
Me? I have no regrets. My wedding album is an heirloom I treasure and it’s beautiful. I’m not the only one who thinks so, either. We bought copies for all of our parents- and my mother, no kidding, makes people wash their hands before they touch it. Her friends may roll their eyes but they’re lucky she hasn’t put it in a glass case, turning only one page a day, like those illuminated manuscripts in museums. I can’t blame her- while I’ve yet to frame a single wedding picture, my giantess of an album sits propped up on a bookshelf in my living room just waiting for the day when I can afford museum lighting.
Thanks for Listening
So, hopefully Mr. Sun will cooperate and I can get some room shots. Check in on Monday if you're interested.
This portrait by Bernardino Licinio was in the Masters of Venice show of 50 paintings that came from a collection that the Habsburgs assembled in Vienna, works of Venetian artists of the High Renaissance, mostly the 16th century.
Not because of the paperwork (although I am prone to the odd meltdown when faced with anything administrative).
He haunts my nightmares
1950-1974 As Gulf entered its second half-century, the needs became more diverse and technologically ever more sophisticated. By 1960, it was clear that Gulf’s growth rate during the 1950s had been twice that of the United States as an economic entity. During the 1960s, Gulf mounted vigorous exploration, production and marketing programs including several new refineries, petrochemical and polyethylene plants, the construction of six mammoth tankers, a joint development with the Holiday Inns of America and the redesign of the Orange Disc to make it more clearly identifiable.
Please post your answers in the comments section below.
I’ve just done the last of my launch events for Persuade Me, so I can now settle down to number three in the Darcy & Friends series. Which of Austen’s heroes will I tamper with next? Two down – Mr Knightley and Captain Wentworth – and four left to go. I’m still making up my mind – perhaps I’ll do some in-depth TV and film research!
‘That’s a big change from February, when Santorum held a commanding 15-percentage-point lead over Romney in the poll’.
“What about the Chinese?” the radioman chimed in.
That’s one of the reasons why I referred to NASA/Trek. There are many other better works on fanfiction (e.g.) but I think Penley’s discussion of something as intrinsically ‘big science’ as the space race says something about the social arrangement of makers in late modern society. There is a danger that by focusing on the ways people make and remake some objects we further 'black-box' others. For example, I learnt how to knit from reading knit blogs. I can make a jumper. I can also blog about this on the super clever iphone I carry around with me. I don’t know how to make an iphone though, or even spin my own wool to make that jumper from. The latter is largely a matter of choice (I do at least know some blogs that’d teach me to spin and even what plants to grow to make my own dyes from, as well as a few people who have access to sheep for wool, or possibly even a llama). For the former though, I have no clue where to even start teaching myself, even if I did, the manufacture of an iphone is not exactly opensource. Most of the time, I’m ok with that cluelessness, it frees me up to be knowledgeable about other things, but it does also disempower me.
Proper full on passionate kissing for about ten minutes before the sounds of applause stops us
What is it about genuine communication that is so fearsome?
** Based on her personal invoices from her publisher.
Bluebelle found a dressing room and walked in. When she was done dressing, she opened the door, stepped out, and did a little spin to show off her new outfit.
The Beginning of Eat Pray Love functions in an introductory mode as all good Beginnings do. The protagonist’s dramatic action goals are clearly outlined: 1) to spend one-third of the story in Italy learning the language, 2) one-third on her Guru’s Ashram in India in meditation, and 3) one-third in Indonesia with a medicine man. Her character emotional development goals are clearly implied: 1) undergo intensive self-inquiry, 2) recover from her recent divorce, and 3) find balance and spirituality in her life.
Richard never seemed to recover from jacks untimely accident
Potential ideas include picnic tables and chairs. exercise equipment, volleyball/badminton nets or any other passive or active recreational use instead of parking.
Get me to a writing desk
Brent: It's funny, because this book was very much inspired by the kinds of books I loved and read over and over again when I was a kid. Which were books like The Mad Scientists' Club, The Great Brain, The Chronicles of Narnia. Basically, stories about kids who go on pretty crazy, often "episodic" adventures, usually involving mysteries, but -- as I sort of mentioned above -- also end up discovering some important things about themselves and the world.
The next day more than two hundred whites gathered and converged on Rosewood, murdering two Black men. Many of the Black citizens escape Rosewood to Gainesville by train.
Remember, only you can decide.
an over size, specially drapes T shirt
Founder's Breakfast Stout
I. READ THE THREE PASSAGES IN THE GOSPELS
So when the minimum wage rises continually, you are actually incentivising firms to move away from labour-intensive business process towards capital-intensive business processes.
I think if Lynyrd Skynyrd did what I did today they may change the lyrics to their classic tune. I'm sure the fine folks at Boulevard today are singing Skynyrd in their heads today.
Awwww would you look at that?? I can see 10 teeth now when I smile! I used to be able to see only 6! ♥
will be a surprise to tv, radio and newspapers around the globe. There
And when the night is cloudy there is still a light that shines on me
The thing is, it took a while for another parent to step up and take on the role of coach for this little U-6 team. I felt badly that I couldn’t volunteer…but it’s clear why.
It did not say how many of the 50,000 people used in the study were from rural areas since a large part of the exercise was undertaken in Delhi. The study also notes differences in performance of different sensor-extractor combinations and “enabled identification of device specifications and certification procedure necessary for high authentication accuracy under Indian conditions”.
Weezer Buddy Holly US
Laughing at the shredded dirty mags in the overgrown brambles,
Jack on crazy hair day.
‘Thunderbolts of the Gods’ David Talbott, Wallace Thornhill (2005)
I've spent a lot of time in the place of, "Well, when THIS happens--THEN I will be happy." I allowed depressions to kick in so hard that I retreated emotionally from my family, my friends, and in many ways from myself.
I've harboured a strong fondness for the Czech Republic and it's people since the early 90's when all kinds of work commitments had me popping back and forth to Prague on a pleasantly regular basis.
Mystery: 4 Sherlocks
Camp Century—aka "Project Iceworm"—was a "city under ice," according to the U.S. Army, a "nuclear-powered research center built by the Army Corps of Engineers under the icy surface of Greenland," as Frank J. Leskovitz more specifically explains.
1 cup bean sprouts
Yesterday was our 5 year wedding anniversary. He makes me happier than I thought possible. Happy Anniversary Hubs!
The Palin success in grabbing headlines, firing up anti-Obama mania, and snapping the heads of the GOP establishment to attention hasn't been lost on Palin. She's adroitly moved her game plan to the next level, and has extended the Olive Branch to the GOP mainstream with saccharine public appeals for the party to make peace and target Democrats for the boot in November. Her party unit pitch is aimed at doing one thing, and that's to bring her in from the fringe cold and establish her as a worthy, even credible, presidential candidate in 2012. So far she's done everything else right, and there's no reason to think that she won't make some headway on this either. This horrific possibility is more than enough cause to rethink Palin.
I am tired of the box-tree's shine
oh the stories it could tell
I just had to show you this picture my daughter & her friend who are both 13yrs got together for the weekend decided that they wanted to have there sleep over in our rumpas room as we haven't even started organising that space from the move yet I said it would be okay.
Judith explained that a writer needs to have a two-sided approach to their work. They need to be spontaneous and creative, but also be a ruthless analyst and editor. The pitfalls are that the writer can become too flippant or censor too harshly. There is a fine balancing act we writers must find.
I’m at almost 6 months now, and my belly has definitely gotten poochy :) I love it.
Finally, I happened across Aesop's fable "The Wolf and the Lamb" at exactly the right moment to help me deal with a tyrannical situation in my personal life. Why didn't they read this one to us in school? It made me laugh and gave me a boost. Here is Townsend's 1887 version in full, via Wikisource:
‘I followed the van in my car for the rest of the morning while the men scooped up pet after pet then went to the pound where they were unloaded.
Now we know the truth. The financial meltdown wasn’t a mistake – it was a con Obama: Ties with Israel ‘unshakable’ Democrats Haunted by Corporate Ties Priest abusing alter boy…..rated X Shocking New Abortion Bills Require Vaginal Probe Ultrasound and Collection of Women’s Private Data Dick Morris reveals the truth about Tim McVeigh and Clinton
Added bonus...I have the left over slate pieces to put at the bottom of my potted plants now! (to help with drainage and I don't have to steal gravel from our driveway anymore!)
“But, I am…”
Hope your day holds some fun (:)
This is the fourth time in my life, with the third telco company, that I have had an issue get to this point. In each case, the fault was with the telephone company mistakenly assigning me a debt I did not actually owe. Each case was a matter of an amount of less than $200. All these cases were resolved in my favour, but not without a reasonable dose of agony, panic and tears along the way. In the case of debt collectors, however, I suspend the consideration that they might be a just an innocent bystander who happens to be answering the phone. These people know what the company they are working for is doing. They know that contact has begun with a letter that uses threatening, intimidating language to express its purpose, and if they are answering the number given on that letter, they are putting themselves in a position of responsibility for the distress it is causing me. These individuals who call me, demanding money, don't actually, personally, have any proof that the alleged debtor has any legal debt at all. So I let them have it and tell them exactly what I think of them. Apparently it's been quite entertaining around the Maroon Household lately, overhearing Lady Demelza muster all her prowess of the English language to deliver the most painfully, pompously offended diatribe possible without actually resorting to swearing.
-My one and only BondiBand decided to take off last week. I was so sad that it dissapeared but it gave me a reason to buy some more. Finally. I used the code FIVE to get five new BondiBands for $25. A little bit more than a replacement, but hey, I'm worth it.
Sarenza have launched an array of new shoes onto their site ready for Spring/Summer which means I have spent a whole lot of time perusing the new additions.
They can get on their computer or smart phone and see what the cost of a New Vehicle is.
Meet with crowds of 150 – 15,000
She taught me about ARK Acts of Random Kindness. Usually during the month of April we tell the story of Noah’s Ark and talk about how serving others helps us build our protection when life’s storms come. Well with conference this year the Noah of our day (Thomas S. Monson) quoted the 13th article of Faith and our goal to have a stronger testimony of him, would we get on the boat with him? Our family decided to SEEK after things that would be PRAISEWORTHY or Of GOOD REPORT. 2 by 2 we gathered our ideas and brought them to the ARK. We did after school treats for a friend, made dinner for friends, helped someone with car troubles, we picked up litter etc. Heath’s favorite was putting quarters in vending machines, he is still taking spare quarters with him everywhere! When we got in the car he said “we just made one little boy so happy”. I think he was as happy as a very surprised kid will be.﻿
So at the beginning of the new century, peso prices were low if you had dollars to spend, and many tourists flocked here to do just that, including buying real estate.
The report also examined the role played by British banks in aiding Ibori to loot his state’s treasury as well as why Nigerian politicians find London an attractive location for laundered funds.
I joined the local junior tenpin bowling club which met every Saturday morning. We had a competitive league and played the odd match against other clubs, as far flung as Tolworth and Whistable. At Whitstable it felt like you were bowling into the sea. And we all got to play in the National Championships! It may sound grand but if you were a member of a club and weren’t rubbish at bowling you got to play in the National Championships. We were the cream of Britain’s young bowlers (the only ones practising on a regular basis). I bought my own bowling ball, inscripted with my misspelt name ‘Jeff’ and we had yellow bowling shirts with cloth badges sewn on showing our achievements. We hadn’t really achieved anything, we just turned up and enjoyed knocking as many of those pins over that we could.
Today is literally the first day of the rest of your life. Now, choose how you’re going to live it! Set your sight on a goal or desired outcome that you want and then make a plan and work diligently to achieve it.
Today is KayTar's 3rd tube-iversary! She has now had a g-button for just as long as she ever lived without one. It is hard really remember what life was like pre-tube, but I do remember it was A LOT more stressful for all of us.
I've seen the heavy drinkers, the ones wanting to know what time you open for alcohol (we open at 8 for breakfasts) and asking if it's double up for £1 on Bells is there an offer on trebles? There's a stereotype image but that's not for me to comment on. I've seen old boys sit on their bar stool for 6 or 7 hours steadily drinking the day away chatting with other customers and the bar staff, seemingly without any affect at all as long as their drinking their regular drink. A different story when you've got Old Thumper on as a guest - normally the top half of their body gets off the bar stool leaving the bottom half behind. I've seen young groups come in wanting 28 shots of sambuca and a lighter. I've even seen some of them get served.
Humility is knowing who God is and how much I need God.
‘proper wives’. This, they told Ashley, was the proper way to raise the child, to better serve him, so that he may serve their god. The child, a daughter, was burned as a sacrifice to the leader. Ashley and another similar victim ran away from the cult when she was 20, to live in a city together on the west coast.
...but I'm not sure I'm happy with the poses I picked :/ Her face is a lot darker in this one than I remember it being when I picked it out!
Over the past 15 years, the WCW has had a significant impact on placing gender at the center of the theory and practice of human rights as well as strengthening the networks of grassroots NGOs locally and transnationally. In every region they are held, the WCW gather people in conversations across race, religions, and cultures to highlight the knowledge and wisdoms of women in the region; laying the groundwork for transformative practices that challenge the dominant world view that move us all collectively towards a new generation of women’s human rights. Women, men and youth from all areas and histories bring their personal testimonies of violence to the Court.
His wife when questioned about it could not understand the shock - she stood by him.
People can go there to enjoy the entertainment, to find out about various products and to savour those special show delicacies like fairy floss, toffee apples and hot cinnamon donuts. However, one important aspect of the show is competing, whether it’s in cooking, crafts, wood cutting, showing livestock or show jumping.
The first convoy to leave Paris for Auschwitz contained 1112 inmates from Drancy. Between July 1942 and July 1943, 40,000 men, women, and children were deported from Drancy, mostly to Auschwitz. In July 1943, the SS took formal control of the camp under the odious Alois Brunner. (I don’t use the word “odious” lightly: in 1987, Brunner said during a telephone interview to the Chicago Sun Times, “The Jews deserved to die. They were garbage, I have no regrets. If I had the chance I would do it again…”. In 2001, a French court found him guilty in absentia of crimes against humanity. Last spotted in Syria, he is one of the few high-ranking Nazi officials believed to still be alive.) Brunner was able to bring more order to the running of the camp, but the brutalities and deportations continued. On 31 July 1944, just 25 days before France was liberated, the last train left from Drancy containing 1300 victims, including 300 Jewish children who had been snatched from a Parisian orphanage; the parents of most of these children had already been deported. The camp was finally liberated in August 1944; only 1500 of the 65,000 Jews who had been imprisoned here remained.
It makes me sad - but I know I will be back one day.
* What’s the prognosis, Doctor?
It's remarkable to me how the human body heals. And the spirit too.
Flash-forward, oh, let's say, fifteen years, and that little girl is all grown up and wearing leopard print panties and, yeah, nothing much else. It turns out her name is Liana (Analía Ivars) and she is indifferent to Swedes. Truth be told, I don't even think she knows what a Swede is. Nope, her world mainly involves playing with her animal friends and keeping her hair looking soft and manageable. We meet her as she's looking for a chimp named Rocky, a mischievous ape who likes to climb palm trees and to throw his own feces.
Finally, a voice of reason and someone who sees the problems of today. On April 18th Robert Reich appeared on the Daily Show with Jon Stewart. This man could not of been more spot on about what is going on in the government and private sector. His thoughts on what could be done to fix said problems could not have been stated any clearer.
It is that simple. When something in our life ends, it helps our evolution. That is why, enriched by the recent experience, it is better to let go and move on.
For the middle rosette I cut the XOXO from the Tie the Knot cartridge at 1 /2". I used the same colors for the shadow and base layer and white for the layer on the first X. I sprayed these also with the Tattered Rose and Black Cherry glimmer mist and thistle stickles to the white layer of the X. I adhered all these cuts with some gel foam tape. Finally I adhered each rosette to a piece of cream colored ribbon also lightly sprayed with Tattered Rose glimmer mist. I used some Beacons 3 in 1 glue to adhere the rosettes to the ribbon. I also made a loop from a small piece of the ribbon and attached it to the top layer to hang the banner. I am really pleased how this turned out. I always have a hard time taking good photos of my banners but in person it is really shimmery. Thanks for visiting.
11. Death In The Afternoon
Well, after some late night framing, Mike, (with a very little bit of my help), was able to frame out the bottom level. Since Mike doesn't get the whole "Wait until Mallory has time to take a picture for the blog before moving on to the next step" idea, I came home from work to the decking already started and didn't get a picture until the entire top level was already done. So, here's the the top level decking looking to the left, then the right.
Written by Kathryn Noonan and Zachary Goelman
run with it—”
Well, the time just flies even more with your second child I've found. I haven't even posted about Benson's birth(still to come)and he is already a month old. As I adjust more fully to being the mother of two little boys I'll try to catch up on all the updates I haven't blogged about yet.
So here are some encouraging words for you. You’re not perfect…at least not the way you define perfection. You’ll never be perfect…at least not the way you define perfection. Get over it. You are human. You have a mind with which to think and feel. Sometimes you’re going to feel when you should have thought, and other times you’ll think when you should have felt. But at all times you must remember that you are, and if God is all in all, then he is a part of you and you are a part of him.
Her cell phone rang. Micha reached into her pocket and pulled it out. It was In-Soo. “Yes, I’m all-right. I’m on my way home. Okay, bye.” She disconnected the call.
After doing some research, Babe and I headed to our local Goodwill. I wanted a rustic or baroque style frame. I figured anything Walmart had would look too new. I couldn't find a frame that I liked. Luckily, I found a piece of art for $8 and the frame was perfect.
I hope this helps! If you check out the videos, let me know what you think.
Oftentimes, I’m finding articles/blogs just scratching the surface and not really getting into the meat of the topic. Of course, more often than not, these articles/blogs are designed as bate to subscribe or buy someone’s service – I respect that, really I do. I just wish there was more meaty information out there.
The name and the cover of the book attracted my attention in the bookstore and when I flipped the pages I found that the story was written in a comic strip form. The information on the back page was intriguing and I picked up this book without having any more information about it. “Persepolis” which is reference to ancient capital of Persia (Today’s Iran) is an autobiographical account of author Marjane Satrapi about her growing years in Iran before and after the Islamic revolution and her years spent in Europe where she went for college education.
This is true discipleship. It’s not a matter of being placed into a program of individual training of bible study, individual prayer, individual evangelism, and individual character development. Rather, it is the life transformation process of being practically conformed into His image. This is the out flowing of His community life. It is the fleshing out of the fellowship of the Godhead.
8:30 – 2 Broke Girls (CBS): Max and Caroline are hired by a Manhattan socialite to make cupcakes for her daughter’s first birthday party. And Jennifer Coolidge is there! Hurray!
21 Click on the Scene 1 link above the layers to return to the main scene.
Heat the oil in a pot until it reaches 165°C. Spoon little portions in the hot oil and leave for about 4-5 minutes or until golden and cooked through. While still warm roll in and cover with the flavoured sugar and leave to cool or eat while they are still warm.
It doesn't have to be flowers and chocolates all of the time.
cooking with veggies/herbs
Me: Bye
3. Fill a shallow dish with warm water. Working with 1 rice-paper wrapper at a time, soak in water for 1 minute; remove and lay flat on a paper towel on your work surface. Place 3 or 4 shrimp on bottom third of the rice paper, leaving a 1/2-inch border. Top with 1-2 tablespoons of vermicelli, a pea pod, asparagus and a little carrot and cucumber. Fold bottom of wrapper over fillings; roll over once, tuck in sides, and finish rolling.
Drinking and driving is bad. Drinking and walking home shouldn't be a crime. Drinking more than 4 beers in a bar shouldn't be a crime. Going to a local festival and having a few beers shouldn't be a crime. But we have to realize, we live in one of the notches in the Bible Belt. And the Religious Right are not as quick to "Judge Not Lest Ye Be Judged" as Jesus was. They'd rather tuck a Bible under their arm, hop on a soapbox and denounce the actions of others. This isn't the end. It's just a pause.
Until then, I leave you with the table of contents: all the interesting things you'll find in the very first issue of the DIY Life Zine! :-)
Our challenge is to use kraft on your card or project!
Those who remained were:
But, in my book, “Duchess”, that’s her name, is tops.
Today is the third day of the Chinese New Year. It is the year of the Dragon. I have always been fascinated by the Chinese New Year. I really have no reason for this interest other than I love celebrations and I am naturally curious about traditions other than my own. Which, if you think of it, fits in with the sign I was born under....the horse.
Charlene is our hostess with the mostest for May. Today she has challenge the CCEE Stampers to create cards with gingham......could be gingham ribbon, gingham image, gingham brads, gingahm designer paper......but you must use gingham.
3% 0 8 Briess American Crystal 80L 33 80
I also did a little embellishment on the bottom of the towel for fun. You can't really see in the pic but the yarn is a #3 gauge in yellow.
Next time if you are there around this hour, do check if the water fountains at the Waterplay area are switched on at 8.45am.
Ink: Glorious Green, Close To Cocoa, Stazon Black
Annika rolls her eyes.
Last year I was informally introduced to Pamela Morse, an ingenue who understood the value in letting go and getting silly. We spent the next several months bantering via Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook (yeah I know what you are thinking; who has time for that?), when she DM’d me (direct message) that she had an opportunity she wanted to involve me in.
"Dear Opa,
She gives words of wisdom with the defining biblical submission.
hedge of protection around our nation in response to
So how did someone with such a pedigree get involved in such dross as this, especially in the same year that he was voted the Male Musical Star of the Year in Las Vegas? The mind boggles.
He died in Holland and was buried there.
Detroit, MI 48232-0621
Solemn produced a knife and tapped the point of the blade against the glass. His stale grin returned and Ben heard him say through the window as the train moved off.
“Why have you come here Mortal??!!” demands Moskk.
Once you are all set, trigger your shutter and experiment, experiment, experiment that is where the fun begins.
Dear Mug cake
SETLIST: JACK’S MANNEQUIN @ SOUND ACADEMY, 1/31/12
As long as I can remember, I have always carried some sort of calendar with me, pocket sized, day planner sized or hang on your wall size. And within the pages and small daily squares, contained the abridged version of my life at a twelve month glance.
But that wasn’t to be because later on as I lay in bed trying to console my weary soul something inside me snapped. It spoke to me,
Anyhoo, to the left we have lots of unused plastic bins and baskets, a large box containing unused lamps shades, a suitcase, office supplies, and a large number of folding chairs.
I ask this seriously–not necessarily in the literal sense–as I know what it means to have a biological pump inside my chest pumping nearly 2000 gallons of blood through my meat puppet each day..
Whilst the build period was stressful, Tom and Emily can look at their new home and be confident that it was all worth it. As Tom explains, “we knew that it was all in a good cause, and now the house is finished we’ve teamed up with Adam Clark to offer similar live/work designs to others. It’s an affordable concept for inner city living, and has transformed a piece of unloved land into a sustainable home we’re proud to live in.”
Nobody Wins
But, right at the end of the session,
And something lacy and feminine is high on my list. This Joie top looks amazing with white jean shorts, But I can pretty much guarantee I will not be sporting these this Summer. White Jeans will have to do :)
Things can look different after you’ve been away for a while. Going to Saturn with Karl is very different from going to Earthling with the girls. I see things differently mostly. Even when the same pattern is present, it’s like I can feel the difference between the Andrina in 2011 and the Andrina in 2012.
Ordering at Whodidily was probably one of the most annoying times I have ever had in a bakery. All the cupcakes are given these weird tounge-twister names, and then you have to look at a big board and try to not get distracted with other wack names, to see what the flavor might be. Then by the time you actually eat it you have no clue what you are eating besides some brightly colored, over sugary product.
Nor shall my sword sleep in my hand
¾ cup all-purpose flour
Besides, being the Kings does not mean winning on the court, but being the real one is winning the heart of every basket ball fanatic—thing that I am guilty of.
I felt like a huge failure as a mother, since I didn’t know anyone who couldn’t do it, who had to admit their kid to get some rest.
midnight streets,
confusion...
(Business comes first before ethical foreign policy)
Yeah... (he looked up from shoveling food into his mouth)
NAME, AMEN!
I’ve no idea why, but he sees me as the forty one year old man who writes these words.
Ask anyone where it is, everybody knows
9/20: Kansas City, MO @ Beaumont Club *
In an article in the latest Applied Linguistics, Dwight Atkinson (2010) explores the way an extended, embodied view of cognition might affect second language acquisition. He suggests that language learning, rather than being an intellectual process of internalization, is a socially-situated, adaptive behaviour, a process “of continuously and progressively fitting oneself to one’s environment, often with the help of guides” (p. 611). Atkinson proposes what he calls ‘the alignment principle’: “Learning is more discovering how to align with the world than extracting knowledge from it” (p.610). To this end, interaction and engagement are key: these are the processes by which we externalise language. “Instead of isolating language in cognitive space, we wear it on our sleeve, so to speak, because it helps us live in the world” (p.617).
you could use a bed
The David Wood Law Firm is an experienced law firm providing legal services to clients primarily in Spartanburg, Cherokee, Union, Greenville, Laurens, Greenwood and Pickens Counties of the Upstate of South Carolina.
4) I am 30 and my lifelong love affair with mixes is as strong as ever. It started with mix tapes, then mix CDs, and now we’re in the evolved world of mix “playlists”. Instead of the dates and seasons that used to serve as titles for my old mixes, I now have playlists with titles like “bachelor party”, “Tahiti”, and, my current favorite, “Hangin”.
Let us stop trying to draw imaginary lines between (acceptable) "spanking" and (not acceptable) "abuse". The only line that makes sense to draw is the one between hitting and not hitting. Children should not be hit, spanked, beaten, swatted, flicked, pinched or otherwise intentionally harmed by a hand, a belt, or any other implement. Not with any level of intensity. Not with anger, not with calm resolve. Not by a stranger, not by a friend, not by a teacher, and NOT by a parent. Just no.
Shut them down, for fucks sake. Shut it all down. Do it now.
In terms of the rest of the characters, I find it amazing how well this show writes for children. Rob Stark is forced into taking over his father role when Ned goes to the South, Bran deals with a bad blow dealt to him in the first episode, Sansa is given a terrible reality check when she realises the man she loves is a monster while Arya is a spirited tomboy who certainly takes no prisoners in her own determination not to fall into the traditional female roles.
Mixed Nuts
Clearly, OPEC could produce more oil if it wanted to. But it won’t.
Yes you MAY be asked to design work for our product advertisements if required.
greeted by some of the guys who had come out on the porch to ask me a
Grunebaum A, Minkoff H, Blake D. Pregnancy among obstetricians: a comparison of births before, during, and after residency. Am J Obstet Gynecol 1987; 157: 79-83.
Oops- he's ready for dinner- finally... Gotta go cook.
We're not a the local Chinese, I say.
Meredith
Steel Magnolia Press passed a few milestones in February, so I'll be sharing those with you this post as well as my own results.
Thanks to the large range of products donated and all the time and hard work provided by the installers free of charge.
This is a really cracking village pub - a very busy lounge (full of shoppers recuperating after the Farmer's Market) with Sky TV, a quieter bar/snug and an associated award winning Chinese restaurant next door. They were somewhat rushed off their feet this lunchtime, but still managed to make me feel welcome and chat about the beers. They have 5 hand-pulls, 2 permanent - Deuchars and Old Speckled Hen (what a pale shadow of the 5.2% beer of yore) and 3 guests, today Houston Challenger, Broughton Spring Ale and Belhaven Fruit Beer - perhaps a pretty safe choice but not at all bad. I've tried the Fruit Beer from bottle a couple of times and would have to agree with the Scottish Beer Guide in that it's not too impressive, but on cask it's far better - definitely some raspberry & blackberry flavour and a lot more body.
This morning I made a bracelet with one of those beautiful "stacked" mother of pearl vintage buttons + some vintage shank buttons from my own stash
Again..what’s the prob?
But Mark Dawe, chief executive of the OCR board, said: “OCR’s seminars for teachers were not found to be of concern to the regulator during its investigation. However, we understand the need to take action against the risk of inappropriate behaviour by a handful of rogue examiners as uncovered by The Daily Telegraph.
The beautiful Altanuya was 28 when she was shot in the face and bombed with C4 explosives to prevent identification by Chief Inspector Azilah Hadri and Cpl Sirul Azhar – two former bodyguards of Najib’s. They are now waiting on death row for their appeal to be heard. Her ashes are still in Malaysia, and her parents have fought hard to take them home but to no avail.
I sat staring, breathless from the tale. “And, so you care for him…”
3. It is relatively recent in origin, being absent in France. Neither mutation can be more than three centuries old and both probably postdate the British conquest of Quebec (1759).
The deal is, kids will do what they want to do anyway whether or not the parents approve. The more controlling a parent is, the MORE the kid will do what they want to do and the MORE they will lie about it. The more a parent tries to control, even really silly things, like how often a kid showers, the more deviant the behavior of the kid will be. Life is more like a contest of wills, a power struggle, and one that ALL parents will lose. The bigger the power struggle the more both parties lose. What a lot of kids don't see, is that it IS a contest and a power struggle, and that "hey, I don't have to play." It's not surprising really, since power struggles and control mechanisms are really unhealthy ways to build relationships and kids who grow up with that aren't emotionally healthy enough to recognize their own self worth and empowerment. Which is why so many kids grow up to repeat that cycle. It's why kids who grow up in abuse, often repeat that cycle.
I realize my entries are typically multiple subjects. It’s what I do. This particular one has a list of small insignificant things to tell you.
Eggs made the Nero Wolfe way: stirring constantly for a very, very long time.
9.) The current-day versions of the Bible CANNOT be taken literally because there are SO many versions and SO many interpretations of it. The Bible must be INTERPRETED and read, prayerfully and thoughtfully … NOT literally.
During the whole Ozzie Guillen-Fidel Castro ado about a whole lot of nothing, I kept hearing one thought over and over -- baseball players shouldn't get into politics or world issues or anything except baseball. They know about baseball. They don't know about other stuff. Baseball players should stick to baseball.
Reviving the episode of Nityananda, a self styled godman, whose bedroom flings with a well known South Indian actress were caught on camera. The issue ruled the media roost for aeons together. News readers and panelists screeched the matter day and night, with varying shades of judgement being passed. Media pronounced that Nityananda was a culprit, way before the Indian judiciary did so. He was nailed mercilessly in unimaginable ways.
They originally told me less than a 5% chance of getting to May, and now we're looking at scheduling an induction for that first week of May. It's surreal - happy news, of course! the best possible outcomes - but surreal. I'm hanging in there - the complaints of pregnancy are normal ones and I'm tired and ready to be done with work. They will not let me go past my due date, but unless baby makes an appearance this coming week or the 24-hour urine collection or bloodwork I'll do tomorrow (due to another high blood pressure reading in office) suggest pre-eclampsia, then we're pretty much looking at induction the following week. I'm guessing this will end with induction, given that not much has happened naturally. No cervical change (save some shortening) since the cerclage came out.
Yesterday and so far today everything has been going really well. A couple of times yesterday and once today Nora took to breastfeeding!!!! I was crying happy tears to be given that opportunity. I had pretty much given up any hope of that when her feeding tube was put in. God never ceases to amaze me through this fragile, but mighty little infant. The only difficulty with breastfeeding is that we’re not sure exactly how much she’s getting and it seems to really wear her out. It sure is precious though!!
Half the members of the Pied Pipers returned to Los Angeles, but they had a difficult time trying to make a living until they got an offer from Dorsey to join his big band in 1939. This led to success for the whole group, but especially for Stafford, who was also featured in solo performances. The group also backed Frank Sinatra in some of his early recordings.
One’s goodness in a small place ripples to the whole wide world.
I’m sure you’ve guessed, by the cheesy title, that this post will be about home. But ever since I’ve moved to Pittsburgh, it’s been difficult for me to explain the way Hawaii is a part of me. It’s not just a place, it’s a piece of my personality. So, in addition to being about home, this post will also attempt to puzzle out what “home” means–for me at least. And perhaps even if you are not from Hawaii, you will know what I mean when I talk about the feeling of home.
Cut out two eye mask pieces. On one of the pieces, stitch whatever you like. I did rows of running stitch in different colors and different stitch lengths. (My mom's favorite color is orange, so I made sure that was in there!)
Then yesterday, I had an encounter with the roofing guy. I had talked to him the day before about coming over, and I usually know right up front, whether I want to give someone my business. Paul told us to, “test the spirits,know ye not that every spirit which proceeds from someone does not come from God?” So this is exactly what I do. And I pray that the Lord will give me discernment.
“Watch me,” she replied. Gently she coaxed some flame to her hand; it was quite bright in the descending darkness, even the small amount she had made. She tried to make it even smaller, on the tips of her fingers, as she knelt closer to the wood pile.
How much did they really want their pet back? How much attention did ‘MiMi’ get anyway. He’d obviously been trained well, but somehow I couldn’t envisage anyone in that family managing to train him so well – Westie’s were renowned for being stubborn, weren’t they?
Aero eff ratio: Low
What I learned: “Out on an island” subplots. Be careful of subplots that feel like they're out on their own island – far away from the rest of the story. In other words, you can't just add a random subplot to fill up screenplay space. It has to tie in closely with the rest of the story, feel like it’s part of the whole. This Jeannie storyline – to me – felt like it was out on an island. If you erased it, very little about the story would change (almost always a bad sign). Every once in awhile, if the writer is skilled and the “Island subplot” is fascinating, it can work. But I’d avoid it if at all possible.
- has a pattern, structure, and rhythm that reflects the pattern, structure, and rhythm of our selves, it is an externalized map of the internal self
Rogan opened the back door and I took a few paces out into the back garden and released it into a bush. It was dark, so I didn’t see what condition it was in. It wasn’t there this morning though, so either it flew away or we’ll be watching the neighbour’s cat spitting black feathers out.
The latest incarnation of the Tea Party movement is the third Tea Party Express bus tour across America, which showed up in Berea at the Cuyahoga County Fairgrounds on Sunday, talk show hosts in tow.
The Government would receive €15,000 in VAT on foot of each such purchase and, assuming total transaction value in line with that devised in the preceding paragraph, the likely inflow to the Exchequer would be about €550m.
In other news, I finally got back into playing a BYOND game called NEStalgia which I had briefly mentioned in a past entry. A quick summation is the game and programming itself is very good! The player community... sucky. There is Open PVP, which means as soon as you hit level 10, max levels can kill you whenever the fuck they want. I'll go more into detail about that some other time. I just recommend bringing a friend with you and play during low player count times and stay quiet.
Patricia McCormick has a new book due out soon—a book called NEVER FALL DOWN, based on "the true story of an 11-year-old boy who survived the Khmer Rouge by playing music in the Killing Fields." Archbishop Desmond Tutu has called the book "one of the most inspiring and powerful books" he's ever read. Our teens need books like these. And so do we.
movie? I love the films, Earth As Seen from the Moon by Pasolini, Angela by Rebecca Miller, Simple Men by Hal Hartley and The City of Lost Children by Caro & Jeunet.
BUT I AIN’T THAT LADY RIGHT NOW, AND EVEN THEN I’M NOT GOING TO WANT NO DAGGONE SCOOTER!!!
Fairly early on, I wanted to get over to Judge Roy Scream. It's a wooden coaster built in 1980 tucked away on the edge of the park. It's not as intense as some of the other coasters, but it's still my favorite. In general I find wooden coasters inferior to steel ones. They're slower, can't incorporate looping elements, and tend to bang the rider around. Judge Roy Scream overcomes these drawbacks though. It has the rickety, sway-and-creak quality of wooden coasters that makes up a large part of their charm, without the furious jostling of the loathsome Texas Giant (also at Six Flags Over Texas).
'Cheryl, it's your go. Roger added his letters to 'ate'. He made oscitate,' Beatrice said, proudly. Stifling a yawn, I refused to ask what it meant.
Rand also said, “A “right” is a moral principle defining and sanctioning a man’s freedom of action in a social context.” This means that while we enjoy unhindered freedom of action when alone, Rights are required to define the proper limits to our freedoms so as to ensure that the freedoms of all men are equally upheld. A very simple way of putting this is to say that no man must impede the rights of another.
RENEE and ALAN are adopting Maxwell...after just coming back from adopting Emma!! If they can figure out how... they may try to bring home more than just Maxwell so PLEASE GO HELP THEM OUT!! It is because of their yelling that a whole host of kids have families (Bernadette, Alexis, Sam, Duncan etc) so let's support their journey back across that ocean!!
John Savage said...
Once I start looking for recipes, I pull out at least five cookbooks, sometimes more, and pull up my Pinterest "Recipes to Make" board for inspiration. I also take a mental (and sometimes physical) inventory of what we have in the pantry, fridge and freezer before I start looking for recipes. This week my inventory of must-use items included a whole chicken for roasting, corn tortillas from our Carne Asada dinner last week, and some frozen shrimp.
cup of mushrooms - sprinkle with a tbsp of Parmesan cheese.
This makes very sweet tea. TRM likes it that way. I could pour it into my hummingbird feeder and the hummers would be ecstatic. If you think it will be too sweet for you, use 1/3C. sugar.
In the meantime, I meet Don. He is from the Oregon Coast and I meet him thru my family. He comes on like a freight train and I feel so lucky to have someone that for some reason wants to love and take care of me. Other than the years the kids were babies he gave me the best two years of my life.
The idea behind a Pinata Bag Whacker is that it is an individual pinata for each child. It is easy for a child to do independently. These whackers eliminate children fighting over candy. When you stuff the bags before you tie them, you put inside another bag to use to put the candy or prizes inside once the bag is opened. It is a lot of fun to throw the bag over your shoulder and whack it open. What a great way to end your fiesta!
Likewise, there was lots of chatter before 9/11. Intelligence clearly indicated that extremists planned an attack in summer or autumn of 2001, so the US prepared: every embassy and consulate in the MENA region was on high alert, with soldiers ready to shoot anyone who looked suspicious (I was almost shot, since I always look very suspicious, but that's just the face I was born with).
Even more simply than this is the fact that we have desires–physical, emotional, material, etc.–and resources to supply these desires are seldom so abundant that we can have them without conflict. Wars are been fought over money, food, land, and political influence. Helen’s face launched a thousand ships; any given episode of Jerry Springer has shown us two people fighting over affection, heredity, ownership–desire, all by other names. Lao Tzu, in the Tao te Ching, advises us to practice ‘not wanting’ as a path to both spiritual and political peace and enlightenment. Simple enough, but easier said than done.
As white their bark, so white this lady's hours.
This was a custom knit for Sophie. Don't you think the buttons are just perfect? They were made by Nicci at Buttons by Benji, I sent her a sample of the wool and she made these to match.
After finishing secondary school, Albarn moved to London to attend the East 15 Acting School, losing contact with Coxon. He concluded after one year's stay that he was a terrible actor (although he did star in the 1997 film Face) and instead took up writing and performing music. Some of the songs he wrote in his early recording days later became Blur songs, such as "Birthday" on their debut album, Leisure. At the age of fifteen, he won an award for "Young Composer of the Year".
A BETTER BEAR.
on the 3rd.
We see again however that conservatism is NOT libertarianism or anarchism. President Bush has spelt out very clearly that he, like all conservatives before him, DOES see a role for government, but a carefully specified one. The 2003 speech quoted in fact exemplifies how conservatives seek a balance between the role of government on the one hand and a great respect for the individual and individual rights and freedoms on the other hand. It's not simple, it never has been, and conservatives know that striking that balance will always be a difficult problem with no cut-and-dried or permanent solutions -- which is why conservatives have always scorned the dogmatic slogans and simplistic recipes of the Left. To conservatives the individual is what matters and the State is merely a necessary instrument. To the Leftist only grand plans, theories, power and collectivities matter and steamrollering the individual is no problem at all -- as Stalin, Pol Pot, Kim Il Sung and the great legion of Leftist mass-murderers worldwide attest.
I will end with a quote from Herbert Marcuse, the 'father of the New Left':
MEDIUM TERM: uptrending, except NAZ
For my DT card this time i chose the top line ...buttons,ribbon and flowersThe stunning image is from the digi doodle shop and she is called "tu tu shy". You will find here here
One friend never falls victim to the ‘extravagant party’ trend, and keeps her parties small and simple, and always at home. Like her, it helps if you are able to understand the personality of your child; some kids actually don’t like large groups of kids and all the chaos, while other kids love it.
Persistence: NO matter how much you try, if you’re weird. you’re weird. Pick your battles, my friend. Pick them well. Be prepared to move on and try again.
closer to the earth
7. Place the trout filet onto a bed of mustard cream sauce and then top the Trout with the braised Brussels sprouts and some fresh parsley leaves and serve.
The lineup of upcoming museum exhibitions and events include Fiona Gardner’s Miss Subways photography and ephemera exhibit, The Miss G Train Pageant, The Havemeyer Street Bake Off, return of the New York City firefighter auction and Patrick D’Emic’s Tammany Hall of Fame.
How am I meant to stay positive when he refuses to give an inch? First I wasn’t allowed to talk about babies because we weren’t in a place for them. I wasn’t allowed to talk about them because I wasn’t pregnant yet. Now I’m not allowed to talk about them because its too early. Whats going to be the excuse when I start showing? Or when the baby is actually here?
COUNTY
"I didn't want it changing!" I protest, computer, "Change it back to the previous design."
4-6 garlic cloves crushed
Good morning, Blog Buds!
Wednesday 02 May 2012
“I don’t need a message blasted out the end of a shotgun,” said the 160-pound carnivore who met with then ate local reporters. “I’m on Facebook.”
Coincidentally I found photos taken at Birdcage in a girl’s fashion magazine called Girlfriend sold in Indonesia. I was flipping through a couple of magazines at A TavoLa, one of our favorite restaurants in Jakarta and came across the photos, so I took pictures of some pages. I wasn’t surprised that Birdcage was used in a fashion magazine photo shoot because it is a very photogenic place.
“I didn’t fully understand it myself except that I know I’m not hurting anyone and I do not intend to.”
There could also be attacks because Hamid Karzai, the Afghan president, is due to make a speech declaring which areas of the country should be transferred from international to Afghan control in the coming months.
COPS 2170 – The Power of Law (PC)
A. $15 is reasonable and I can bring the boyfriend for only $5 more. Nice.
The storm follows an earlier, weaker solar eruption that happened Sunday, Kunches said.
If you are lonely, make friends with it by making friends with your mind and begin to look at the way you act and interact and, what you get from that interaction and why you think you need it.
11 AM to 12 –(InterM) INTRO TO FLATPICKING—While strumming involves hitting two or more strings at the same time, flatpicking is all about strumming one string at a time. He will start with common jam tunes that fall entirely on the melody string. He will show us how to play the three strings and no frets higher than the 3rd.
Hello! Clive here. This is good, isn’t it? I will let you know what happened in the match tonight if you just bear with me as I am new to this, and I’ve been a bit emotional lately.
I know it's mostly my own fault. In Blogoland, you get what you give, and I've had little time in my life to spread my wings and visit other new places, let alone the places I've been before.
In the world today, there seems to be so much confusion, why is that? I think, personally, it’s because there are so many gray areas in the world today. People no longer know what to believe in. The very foundation of mankind has been cracked; and it is up to us rebuild our own foundations.
Spinach Mandarin Poppy Seed Salad
Dear Chapstick,
As long as these two theological terms are not properly distinguished, human salvation becomes more imprecise and less understood. Scientist/theologian Emanuel Swedenborg offered the most valuable descriptions of these two important spiritual bio-structures. And, because they are real structures and recipient forms of life, they can be viewed from lawful principles.
In the past, Toyota had some pretty sexy sports cars, such as the Supra, Celica, and even the tiny MR2. Going back even further, the 2000GT was sexy enough to co-star in a James Bond flick. Over the last decade, as these models disappeared, so did some of the excitement from Toyota’s lineup of vehicles. But sports cars are now back, led by the Lexus LFA and the new Scion FR-S, which is about to hit our showrooms. And now there are rumours that the green light is about to be lit on a long-awaited Supra successor.
There are only five schools that have been in NCAA Division I continuously since the classification’s formation in 1948 that have never participated in the NCAA basketball tournament. Those five schools are Northwestern, Army, William&Mary, St. Francis of New York, and The Citadel. Of those five, only one has never participated in the NIT. Army has played in the NIT eight times (and according to Bob Knight, actually turned down an invitation to the NCAAs in the late 1960s). Northwestern and St. Francis have three NIT invites each. William&Mary has made one appearance in the NIT, in 1983.
2) The drug will also suppress my motivation to drink alcohol in social situations with new colleagues.
I think that Dan said I love you too soon. It wasn’t too long ago that Blair got divorced and walked away from Chuck. She needs more time to fall in love with Dan. He shouldn’t get too worked up about it. She’ll say it eventually. That is if she doesn’t find out about him following her and lying to her.
We’re still not caught up on So You Think You Can Dance. Despite viewings every Thursday evening with our group fitness crew, we still have one season left unseen. Over the last year we’ve managed to get through the US (awesome as always), Australia (sad to see it go), and UK versions (don’t bother!), and we’re finally plowing through the final season of Canada (please, someone shoot the host and judges), but it’s gonna take a few weeks yet.
This will make almost 4cups of pimento spread..
WALKER: Part of that is because the distribution force has been aging quite steadily and relatively few of the producers have succession plans. There’s a real question of where distribution is going to come from. It’s been a very challenging decade and the trends don’t look that good. Independent agents had been steadily building share at the expense of the captives. But that trend reversed itself over the past four years, and now the captives are outgrowing independents at a fairly substantial rate. A large factor is the big mutuals, which are doing very well and recruiting at a fairly rapid rate. If you think about the companies that were hurt the most during the meltdown—AIG, ING, Sun Life, etc.—they are heavily skewed toward third-party distribution. So, the big mutuals are building their agency force rapidly, while a lot of the third-party product providers are cutting back their product portfolio because they’ve been hurt on the balance sheet side.
Great Divide Brewing Company Fresh Hop Pale Ale
Growing up each year on May 1st, I remember my sisters and I going down into the family room and "secretly" working on May Day baskets out of construction paper. Then we'd go out to our mother's flower beds and pick flowers to fill these baskets all the time trying to remain unseen. Then we would cross over the covered bridge between our house and our grandmother's house, pausing at the top of the path to be sure my grandma wasn't outside or anywhere to be seen. After we were sure she was no where to be found we would race across her lawn to the neighbor on the other side of her house, an older woman who lived all alone and hang a basket on her door, knock on the door and then hide around the corner of the house. We'd wait until we heard her open the door, discover the basket of flowers, call out a "thank you" and then we'd sneak back over to Grandma's house. This was more tricky as there are windows all over the side of the house, but one of us would hang the basket on the Grandma's door, ring the doorbell and then join the others behind the bushes at the end of the house. After hearing her discover her basket we would then return home and be sure that our mom was inside before leaving the basket on the front door, ringing the doorbell and then running around to go in the back door to pretend we had been home the whole time. Although this was many years ago, each year at the start of May I think about these days and smile, remembering those special May Days.
However, the big moments in the writing only seem to lead up to what Hopper actually revealed in his paintings – the moment of dread, of longing and quiet, coming right after the storm. In Hopper, there are no big events, no big actions. You maybe get an aloof stare, not out at the viewer, but into some unspeakable area of life. The only drama in his paintings is two draped feet over a bed, harsh morning light angling knifelike in a corner. A lit cigarette is like an explosion. A cup of coffee, a bulwark against time. “Remember,” Hopper seems to be saying, “Be careful with light. That’s not salvation it brings.”
Sadly, no. No, I didn't.
I love dandelions. I want to spray chemicals all over jerks who squirt that horrible crap on their lawns. I let my yard grow long and adore when it’s freckled with fluffy bursts of sunshine that are little more than pesky weeds to some. Hmmf. The nerve!
ginger - 1" piece
How long does it take to become a great leader? Probably years. How long does it take to become a better leader? Minutes a day.
Mordecai is just being a good citizen, because God has placed him under the rule of Ahasuerus’ government. Therefore he reports the matter to the proper authorities and it is found out that this is an actual plot to do harm to the king.
Currently India is perhaps the best country suited for solar PV implementation based solely on geographic location.
An MoD spokesperson said following 2010′s strategic defence and security review (SDSR) “difficult decisions” had to be made.
I am so EXCITED that we are joining the Friday Mashup for our Paper Lovin' Gals Inspiration Challenge this week! We all know how much I LOVE the Friday Mashup so it's an honor to join them for our challenge. Come on over and give it a try! It's a MASHUP of CHALLENGES! :)
Are you like most business owners out there that are struggling to find enough time to breathe? Do you have a list of tactics and strategies that would take your business to the next level if you only had the time to implement them?
Why is it that we have to watch Sonic the Hedgehog every night? Please start liking my shows..
"What? No! I really need to talk to Mr. Miller. Are you absolutely sure he's passed away?"
- Negotiations with the MTA have led to the return of express bus service on the X27 and X28 bus lines. Brooklyn Eagle
Hollow Brook Golf Course, Par 35
I can't wait for the Nerd Lacquer Etsy shop to open again because I "need" more. Today I have Antisocial Media and two more sparkle bombs will be coming up soon. I suggest you start stalking the Nerd Lacquer site now because these tend to sell out fast....really really fast. I think it will be a little while before it opens again but I'm stalking it anyway.
Nothing like a beautiful, bright, breezy, lazy Sunday.
Unfettered diabetes will lead to hyperglycaemia which causes cataracts, kidney failure, diabetes, peritonitis, urinary tract infections and bad circulation, which leads to: cataract surgery, increased dental care or even false teeth, bladder problems and pain urinating, dialysis, and even amputations.
3 Tbsp. dark brown sugar
So how should Christians think about judging? First, we must ask what one means by “judge.” The dictionary distinguishes several definitions. To judge can mean to pass legal judgment, like a judge sentencing a criminal at the conclusion of a courtroom trial. Nothing wrong with this kind of judging.
If you, readers, know that this band came on TOTP on another time for another song, please tell me : f.boeuf@wanadoo.fr
According to the 2010 Dietary Guidelines for Americans, half of what is on our plate should be fruits and vegetables - easier said than done when feeding a four-year-old diva. It’s not that she dislikes fruits or veggies, it’s just that she gets distracted and meal times turn into a marathon. She almost always ends up not getting through the food on her plate, and I worry that my child is not getting what she needs to grow. I was thrilled to discover that the juice has no added sugar. Actually, I was quite surprised because it is uber sweet – right up Pudding Pie’s alley!
(617) 983-9036‎
Wariner was looking to close in on Michael Johnson's 43.18 as he had worked his way to 43.45 in 2007. but a coaching change in '08 found him at 43.82 and the best he could muster in '09 was 44.60. Similarly, though Merritt has taken the mantle from Wariner, and found himself running 43.75 in '08, '09 saw only 44.06 from Merritt. While still enough to keep him in the #1 spot globally, it’s a mark we've seen run as far back as 1968 and one that has been equaled or bettered 64 times in history . And a mark most certainly attainable by the right competitors.
We are in the communist state of Kerala, which has the highest literacy rate in all of India. The other communist state in India is West Bengal, the location of Kolkata (Calcutta), which has one of the highest poverty rates in India. It looks like communism has a record of 1-1 in India.
I spent Christmas with a friend's family. While this friend is rather new, she is also rather fabulous. And crafty. The best sort of friend really, no? So this fabulous and crafty friend shared a secret with me, and now I am sharing it with you. The fabric stores have all their Christmas fabric on sale right now. Now. Right this minute... and guess what? You need some. Well, you don't need Christmas fabric necessarily, but if that is your thing, then get on it! Because the new thing is fabric gift bags instead of paper.
Now, here’s the point. I don’t actively want my personal truths to come out as I write. I didn’t want readers to start to pick apart my book characters in an attempt to psychoanalyze me. And perhaps the readers who explore the psyche in one way or another might bother to do that, but most probably won’t. For this I am glad. My ultimate goal is to spin a yarn that will elicit feelings from an audience. I want to show my readers the journeys that my characters take in their lives. The emotional ups and downs that come with that journey are supposed to enrich readers.
President of Sinn Fein, Gerry Adams.
Seems like reasonable enough expectations?
****Please note! I've already rejected one comment that did not link back to a profile or ANY identification that would allow me to contact that person.
Kim Dorland and I have more in common than an interest in the conceptual Canadian landscape or our personal experience, and the cultural notion of land, rather than actual land use in Canada. We graduated university within a year of each other. Our paths must have crossed at Emily Carr Institute of Art & Design, Vancouver, but I don’t remember his work then. He went on to an MFA at York University in Toronto. I went to England for my MFA. We received our M.A.s the same year 2003. But, there are maybe 14 years difference in age.
Now that I’ve gotten THAT out of the way, how was your Father’s Day? Ours was good. BH’s boys were in town with one of their friends. The Geej and I skeedaddled for Saturday and Saturday night so that they could do “dude stuff” without us getting in the way. They fished. They skateboarded. They swam. They grilled. They had a nice time, and BH was a happy guy. I tried to get BH a new grill to replace our crappy one, but the jerks at Lowe’s weren’t helpful (i.e., I couldn’t get anyone to help me lift the huge box the grill I wanted comes in), so he ended up getting a Lowe’s gift card (designated for a grill purchase) instead. Totally unoriginal, I realize, but I know he—and the rest of us—will enjoy it.
Sammy T. Hughes - Baltimore Elite Giants
Due to some quirky ordering, I ended up with another skein of KSHC. The color is black and I will never use it. SO, if you want it, leave a comment, tell me what you are knitting and I'll throw all the names in a hat and pick a winner. You just might end up with a special surprise thrown in!
Hello and Happy Friday all! (And GAWD what a welcomes Friday it is!) I am supuer excited to introduce you to Debbi Decker of twistedpixelstudio. Also, you get a chance to win one of her amazing prints. For Free. (I know, right!?!?) Check out the interview below to learn more about Debbi, and find out all of the ways you can enter the giveaway below that.
But what comes next? Because that’s where I am.
I chose an empty chair near the western wall, and another part of my upcoming routine fell into place.
Even though deep down inside MR. President I knew that it made no difference WHO was in the white house, I hate you for getting me to pay attention. I was done with this shit. I had just accepted that the "American Dream" is some shit they sell to kids to keep them going to college and contributing to our debt-economy by being slaves to their student loan payments. I was so excited when you got elected, for once somebody I could actually see a little of myself in, made it to the White House!
