The girls who visit me just for fun.
Churches building up and reaching out to neighbors.
chinese five spiced almonds
Bobby Cremins has yet to take the College of Charleston to the NCAAs, and knows the only way to do so (at least right now) is to win the league tournament. Cremins actually had a solid record as a league tournament coach when he was at Georgia Tech (winning the ACC tourney twice), but hasn’t yet grabbed the brass ring while at the CofC.
Step 5: Clean up. As I said this process is quite messy. One tip I can give is to use the glitter tray Martha sells. I promise you she is not paying me to say this, but I bought them, and was happy to find that they have a little channel in one corner so you can pour the glitter back into the jars. How cool is that?
Released in 1987, "Wild Frontier" was another great addition to all the great albums released that year. With Guns N' Roses' "Appetite for Destruction", Whitesnake's "1987" and Def Leppard's "Hysteria", "Wild Frontier" was in good company.
The coming of digital brought with it a great confusion, mostly cause of the deceiving marketing... READ MORE
In addition, papers dealing with fabulous, mythological beasts will be considered for publication in the journal if their subjects have direct relevance to cryptids (e.g. reviewing the similarity between a given lake monster from folklore and cryptids reported in that same lake in modern times).
Ironically, the company was owned by liberal democrat supporters who had a record of supporting liberal political causes. The company claimed that Thornton never complained of racist harassment .
3. Incarceron has been a fabulous book club book that more than half of my class is loving.
A humble person–wait, we are talking about the highest rank in the whole Air Force, right? What about the nicest person you would ever want to sit down to picnic with? Are we still discussing the traits of a full General?
eternal, and admits not of destruction and provides a home for all created things, and is apprehended when all sense is absent, by a kind of spurious reason, and is hardly real—which we, beholding as in a dream, say of all existence that it must of necessity be in some place and occupy a space, but that what is neither in heaven nor in earth has no existence. Of these and other things of the same kind, relating to the true and waking reality of nature, we have only this dreamlike sense, and we are unable to cast off sleep and determine the truth about them” (Plato, Timaeus 52b, my emphasis, cited from The Collected Dialogues of Plato, ed.
Last week I blogged about organizing your finances and budgeting using Dave Ramsey's cash-only plan. I shared some free printables for you to have for your home notebook. Don't have one yet? GREAT! Let's organize one together! Mine is pretty bare-bones, and I have been inspired from Jen over at IHeart Organizing's challenge for the month of March to get our Home Notebook up and cracking! I'm a stay-at-home-mom, but I am an Army wife, mom of 4 and a labor doula, so my schedule is still pretty full! My home notebook is a great way for me to keep track of lots of things in one central place. One of the most important things in my home notebook is my gift-giving planner. I keep a list of birthdays/anniversaries in my Erin Condrin Life Planner(LOVE!! and now 35% off!!) I am trying to think ahead and take advantage of sales and great deals when I see them. However, I needed a way to keep track of what I bought for whom, and how much it cost, or else(knowing my scatterbrained-ness) I would forget and completely blow my budget.
Life (It's just a bio book)
Superstar Daiquiri
Nevertheless, Duffy devotes the second chapter of his book to Pole’s active influence in religious matters. Of course, his portrayal of Pole flies in the face of the historiographical tradition, according to which Pole offered inadequate leadership. Duffy rebuffs this tradition by suggesting that Pole actively attempted to recover the church lands that had been dispossessed in previous reigns and that he fostered preaching and clerical education (28, 35). He especially highlights “Pole’s intellectual legacy,” advanced through “the only book by him published in his lifetime, De Unitate” (35). Through this book, Pole provides a history for the counter-reformation in England, tracing papal roots to second-century Roman Britain, distancing Marian England from Henry VIII’s schism, and showing the societal disarray caused by schism and heresy (36-39).
You see Mooni, unlike many people in Tnt I have a long memory of politics and politicians. And the same way Kamla forgot (or forgave) I didn’t. Your eyes betray the lust you have for power and no matter how much KPB tries to foist you on the population as a ‘future leader and PM’, she must be really confused to think that you ever will… All it does is reinforce the perception that she has bad judgment and makes bad decisions. A recurring theme of this administration. Ever wonder why you never score well in popularity polls Mooni?
So there is Foster in a segregated movie theater, watching a story that was daring for the time, about an Indian doctor with distinguished roots, who makes it through hardship and loss to claim his rightful legacy.
Me: No, baby. I'm sorry. We can't watch it there.
It is true that the diaspora started long before the Roman onslaught and that Jews outside Israel had already abandoned the two practices I mentioned. But the temple was still there and its centrality to Jewish practice and belief cannot be doubted by any reader of the Hebrew scriptures. Jews abroad were still in a position to feel that all the requirements of their religion were being met where that mattered: In Israel.
It was a joke, but I noticed she wasn’t laughing. And, the very next day, it was confirmed that she didn’t share my humor, because I received an e-mail advising me that I wouldn’t be cleaning her downtown hotel.
Not Quite Navy & Creamy Caramel cardstock: Stampin' Up
Whether it's for personal or professional use, there are so many ways to keep in touch with people.
I left the UN a year ago and now work for an intergovernmental organization in London. While it is not part of the UN system, it is on the same pay scale — and it is in a desperate need for some serious housecleaning just like the UN. For starters, it will separate the hard-working professionals from those who work the system to serve their own interests.
Our last challenge was humor and you did not disappoint. We loved laughing along with all the funny cards and projects. You showed how to combine funny and beautiful over and over again and we so enjoyed them all.
"Autism is a complex, heterogeneous disorder. But the core phenotype, which can be recognized to some degree in any individual on the autism spectrum, nonetheless suggests that there must be some common underpinnings.”
Today: 206 / LIW: 206.2 / Net: -0.2
Booker Ervin: Tenor sax
Cormorants, gulls and a couple of crows along the dam, on the shore a tall long-legged, long-billed wader that I can’t quite identify.
In my scarecrow dreams
3. In Which I Wonder: Are You Kidding Me? by Auburn Meadow Farm. “If you can’t stand the knowledge, then you shouldn’t buy it or eat it.” (Photo credit: Daily Journal, Kankakee, Michigan)
Shared services may or may not be a good idea. Shared struggle is what we need – and is what working class voters in South London were asking for on 6 May.
Andrew Rebuck, general manager of the Lemar Advertising office in Lemoyne, Pa., said his firm will review all images from the atheists before posting any new billboards.
in this case i stepped in to help.
may the power of Your mercy
The seeds for tomorrow –
Keep your eyes peeled for progress reports – I’ll be ordering the frameset and other parts tomorrow!!!
For the present that will remain a possibility in my decision-making process. A “sure kill” is what I am looking for. I seek a nearby retailer with a huge selection and a range of prices from a few dollars for a “suitcase” to a four-pack that costs $100.00(US) a “case” of four.
Bout how all this is shit
I’m praying for a last-minute ‘reprieve’. Followed, perhaps, by T-ara making it to another label.
It's hard to listen to, hard to not give my own opinions, and hard to stop.
I was looking to the map’s index, something that is usually followed by flipping the map over and then wrestling, refolding, crumpling, tearing and wadding it to a manageable size in order to locate your destination and consider a route. As I looked at the index, I was distracted by the fact that there were two towns with the name, Olive Green. It seemed a strange name to bestow upon a town; why would anyone choose to use it a second time?
The printer was $100
Why would trusting Jesus save someone though? Well we were dying in our sins and we had all of God’s wrath on us. But Jesus who was and is perfect and is the son of God (and God Himself), came down from heaven because He loved us and then He died for our sins. He took all of our sins and God’s wrath on Him and He died for us, he was our sacrifice and if we believe in Him we will have eternal life. In the Bible there are a lot of testimonies about Jesus but the Pharisees still didn’t believe in Jesus. But we should, if we believe in Christ then we will have eternal life, Jesus is our sacrifice He is our atonement. Jesus loved us enough to die for us, we should trust in Him. Jesus actually came down from heaven to die for our sins, that is amazing.
What point exactly am i trying to get to ? Reading is a skill like any other you have to practice to get better , sort of build yourself up . If the fervor for it cools down its not the writers fault but maybe the readers? I'm not exactly sure where I was taking this just some random recent thoughts of mine.
Despite people,
Much love x
water spray bottle
Access Requirements
And thy fair virtue’s force perforce doth move me
My Thoughts: I really liked this retelling - which added in other mythology. I loved the descriptions of the underworld. I didn't like the princesses, they seemed cold - even towards each other. I found the father-daughter relationship intriguing and I like how it blossomed. I liked the magic and differences between the worlds. I liked Reveka - her determination, her intelligence, and her loyalty. I would love to see this as a trilogy as it seems there's more to the story.
(update from the bed. But please expect no racy stories)
The Post did not note that it had made any correction to the article.
Yet again. For a person like me-shy, possessive(not in the bad sense) and reserved- tend to be more sensitive can be a hard time to handle. but still, these people are the BEST teachers who teach you not about the Anatomy, Physiology or the Biochemistry of anything but some real facts of life. So in the end of that every day of my life when am taught this lesson i reach the final result,
This is what Sharia Law is about. And it's coming to America, piece by piece.
President Truman, under pressure to solve the problem and unable to cope with the bureaucratic headache of the government, went over the heads of everyone and authorized an intelligence gathering mission behind enemy lines.
A great raspberry aroma on the nose that gives off fresh extracts. Wild menthol flavours on the palate, with hints of cherry mixed in to give a slightly stronger taste to the rest of the range.
THE WINNER!!!
Those of you who are Pagan and practise with a group, how did you find your group? I repeat, I'm not Wiccan and I'm not looking for initiation or a coven, just a few like-minded people. I don't particularly wish to teach or be taught, just a kind of sharing as we each wander our own path.
"Jelly Jelly Blues"
The acting in Black Swan is commendable too, particularly the full goose-looney central performance of Natalie Portman (easily her best screen work so far, which is truly saying something), the type of acting turn that brings on both Oscar nominations and also a fury of hipster hating. Accused by some cinephile’s of pandering with the success of The Wrestler, Aronofsky is back in more rarified territory here, and the film is peppered with references to the greatest ballet film of all, The Red Shoes, but also to another memorable movie made by the same director Michael Powell, Black Narcissus, and it also unabashedly alludes to both the high brow psychological frisson of Roman Polanski and the pulpy machinations of Brian DePalma. A weird and potent mix. Barbara Hershey registers strongly as a very smothering stage mother, while Mila Kunis is something of a revelation as a fellow ballerina who is hard to distinguish as friend or foe.
No-one at Orion, or my lovely agent, ever raised concerns about the three LGBTQC characters in my novel HOLLOW PIKE. I, however, was ready for opposition and had prepared my defence. At the editing stage, editors edit, but I would have died to protect the somewhat complex orientations of Kitty, Jack and Delilah (that’s an exclusive, readers). This was simply because when I was at school, I was lucky enough to have a diverse bunch of mates. Therefore, I assumed, so do a billion other high school kids!
The hustle and bustle of Bastille and Oberkampf districts in the evening seemed worlds away from the Champs-Elysées and Opéra we had visited the night before; their lights and endless avenues created an unfathomable stillness, an elegance, but Bastille by contrast was more populated and frantic.
-Continue plowing and salting snow and ice conditions citywide.
Acting inspectors general have been temporarily filling the positions.
After Huida heard about Shi’s success at the capital, he took the long trip to the capital to visit Shi, hoping that he could also have an official position. Shi did not want to see him, and thought that Huida came to ask for his money. Huida sensed that Shi wouldn’t help him, so he left and returned home.
centered on the
Very nice beer. One of the few that I like that is this yeasty.
My PSP was challenging at first, and I had a rough time finding motivation 3 weeks in, but this experience makes me feel like I am not careless. I feel accomplished that I admitted I had a problem, or that I was wrong by doing something, and I fixed it. Now, doing these daily things feels natural to me. It’s a habit I will continue to add on.
And I know that it is true, “deception destroys faith.” I got that message. So it’s important to eat the bread of His word and in The madness of this world will continue. And I felt sorry for those caught in the snare of their own devices.I pray for them to be set free from this deception. Perhaps in their own quiet places, they will climb the snake path all the way to the top, and take the fortress.
your abode of mercy is a paradise of plenty
I think this will be my last Valentine, of the year. I hope you enjoy. I made two similar cards, one 3" X 3" and one larger. I used Cricut Cartridge - Rock Princess, this cartridge has a lot of good cuts for Valentines day. I wish I had noticed this a bit sooner.
Random me: I have never had much interest in sports but I enjoy watching the Olympics. I wonder why that is?
because you know, deep down, he's ready.
I picked this book up for a couple of reasons. First, the second title (or sub-title) was inspiring. The full title of the book reads “To Be A Runner: How Racing up Mountains, Running with the Bulls, or Just Taking on a 5-K Makes You a Better Person (and the World a Better Place). The second title really spoke to me. Lately, I’ve been talking about and hearing more about the importance of physical exercise and the state of society (and its health care systems), and felt that this statement speaks to that. I also find agree with Dugard that running - or pushing yourself (which is really what the book is about) – makes you a better person.
But yesterday we went to see my cousin and meet his new baby (well, 4 months new, hehe)! I have literally been waiting to take these pictures since I planned this trip! :D
I was on my knees with a small sponge brush painting each tile with sealer. We then grouted all the tile seams(((can I say...HUGE MUCKY MESS)))...scrubbed the whole floor...TWICE. Then I again painted each tile with sealer...are you tired yet? I was! I didn't even mention all the tile cuts you have to make. All in all I am completely in love with my new slate floor...I have to say that I didn't take into consideration how much work it would be for hubby and I...would I do it again...maybe...a big maybe. But the best part is we saved about $5000.00 to $6000.00 by doing it ourselves. Professionals charge exorbitant amounts to lay this type of floor just because it is so labor and time intensive.
My Garmin beeped every five miles. It went off a few times before I really realized where I was, though I was riding a route I knew like the back of my hand.
I think we are heading for the coldest winter I've known since I was young girl and I'm dreading how many plants might get snuffed out in the garden - although they will create welcome spaces for new things.
CharonIn The Collection of Paul West
God is not known, not spoken, not named, not something among beings, not known as something among beings.
from Little League to Olympics
stir in (by degrees) tbsp each of "rubbed together" fine flour and curry powder
I started digging my garden the day after I separated from my husband. By the time the divorce was final the next summer, I had dug up nearly all the grass in what used to be an expansive green lawn in the backyard.
C1 Perhaps
My husband Brad's animal totem is the polar bear. He's a lifelong fan of Coca Cola, and its polar bear mascot just intensified this connection. He has a small collection of Coke bears, and whenever I see a photo of a polar bear, I immediately think of Brad, through size, body language and its remoteness out on the tundra.
Here are the advantages to building a completely decoupled frontend:
We share one last kiss before she begins to head into the terminal. "You should give Jen and what's his name a call before you head home, maybe you can get lucky," she said over her shoulder with a quick wink.
She went and told the man of God, and he said, “Go, sell the oil and pay your debts. You and your sons can live on what is left.”
Verses I’d read made sense. Jesus said, "I am the Way and the Truth and the Life. No one comes to the Father except through me." (John 14:6)
Science North had many educational and informative exhibits and theatres for kids and adults of all ages to enjoy. We watched Born to Be Wild 3D at the IMAX Theatre, which was a fascinating look into two different wildlife rescue centres and the women who started the incredible rehabilitation centres to faciliatate the return of these creatures to the wild. One story takes place in Kenya where abandoned and orphaned baby elephants are rescued, and the other takes place in the rainforests of Borneo where orphaned chimps are rescued. The reasons why these animals are in such dire need is due completely to the reckless actions of humans - the elephant poachers and the destruction of the rainforests. This movie provides a look into those who devote their lives to reversing these savage acts.
"traditional" and "authentic" (Mobutu) ideational system whose many
Second, pollsters are subject to a severe case of inertia. Wherever a team is ranked in the beginning of the year, it’s going to stay pretty much right there until it loses. So when OU and USC started the season 1-2 and Auburn started at 19 or something and all 3 went undefeated, Auburn had no chance of overtaking USC and OU because the latter two had been entrenched as 1-2 since before the season even started. This happens even with people who claim to be resume ranking (and for the record, if someone is prone to inertia, they are not purely resume ranking, despite claims to the contrary; liars!).
- peppermint / eucalyptus bath gel
Mikkeller I Beat U
We poured so much into High Praise, we've seen the Holy Spirit move, we've witnessed God's power, and we've also gained something in return, whether we've realised it or not. I know I have; the joy of seeing people coming to Christ, the friendships strengthened, the new friends made, the experience.
Nothing really drew me in, and then I had a better idea. Bamboo fibre is deliciously cool, and would actually be useful on a hot day or a clammy evening. I thought about a Clapotis a bit as I've never actually made one and I still find the contradictory diagonals sort of fascinating. I did swatch it a long time ago, before I had done any lace knitting and I remember thinking there must be an easier way to do this. I checked out Rowan Bamboo Soft and discovered that my local John Lewis had it at an astonishingly good price - the colours are very beautiful, sugared-almond shades and not my sort of thing at all so it was nice to have the excuse. I was warned of extreme splittiness, but I knit slowly enough that it's not been a huge problem.
Each of the patties is 1.5 kilos of beef and there's two of them. So altogether that's three kilos of beef in a single burger.'
i drive a lot. and therefore i listen to the radio a lot. sometimes i hate listening, but i listen anyway, trying to become interested in world events. usually i simply tune out and daydream, finding myself considering the events of the day, deliberating with myself what i might cook for dinner, or mentally reminding myself to research updates on rental homes again when i get home. these are the musings of bailey on a typical day. a typical day's news is never important enough to interrupt my daydreams.
Coriander leaves
“Come on, now….you know when it comes to YOU, I’m ride or die all day every day…of course I’m riding!” Sam to The MIC.
Ignore the terrible economic numbers, and the conditions happening around you, and you may agree with Obama. In typical liberal-progressive fashion, Obama thinks he deserves another term even though he hasn’t done anything to earn it.
I’ll see if I can find a couple of clips for you – actually no, one clip will be enough… I think this one will make you smile…
Huh? So the whole movie was an urban legend too? Was any of it real? I guess not, becauswe the college students hearing the tale laugh it off, even when the guy telling it insists that it really happened. One girl even makes a joke that Brenda was actually a chick in a Noxema commercial, which is an inside joke about the actress playing Brenda, who really was in a series of those commercials years ago.
I nod across the gap in the parting pub crowd and smile with real pride. Keith Moon raises his glass as my dog Moon licks his face.
Make offer on "Yalecrest Home." It already has second story and good basement height. Bonus! Has great potential, but still needs lots of work.
Just after I snapped this photo, and while all the volunteers were busy sorting, boxing and getting this stuff ready for travel, The Man, decided to make a phone call. To Fox 11 News-LA. Just to give them the heads up about what we were doing out there in Woodland Hills. They sent Hal Eisner to cover us live, for the 10 o’ clock broadcast that night, and then sent Phil Shuman back out the next morning before the truck left. Needless to say, it opened up a few more possibilities to get help for the folks in Alabama. You can watch the clip here.
A couple weekends ago, I went to Vegas with my fam for Lindsay's graduation from PA school.
-- Seamus Heaney (1984) Station Island
163. Kris is also widely praised because of his ability to speak. He fluents in speaking English, Korean, Mandarin, Cantonese as well.
I saw this punched bunny on Pinterest a while back and just loved the concept so I incorporated it on this card. I'm not thrilled with the colour combo, but when I used darker colours, it was bit too morbid for a spring card - thus the switch to pastels. Not my best card, but I got the sketch done....sorry Jen!
I have a couple of projects on the go at any one time. Thinking up ideas for new books while researching others and writing another one. I one time thought I should only work on one thing at a time, but soon found that was impossible. I come up with ideas in the strangest places.
record, Olympic earmarks or his health
Add ingredients in a saucepan and heat over medium heat until butter melts and sauce is hot. Remove and squeeze out the lemons prior to using. Use to mop on the poultry every 30 minutes or so to keep the outside moist. It is important that you mop and not brush when using a mopping solution as you do not want to wipe away any of the rub.
Eventually, I will have to decide what to do because my phone is truly on it's last leg. I just hate the added cost of all of it. I am slowly re-entering the 21st Century though. One step at a time.
Please don't mistake me for a zombie.
Backpedal (backwards run, reaching back, 40m)…Followed by:
but to do justice, and to love kindness,
He wasn’t wrong. As well as showing me how to enunciate my vowels, Miss Emily Honeysuckle instructed me in all the social graces. I don’t just mean kissing ladies’ hands and eating soup without slurping. She also taught me gorilla-specific skills, such as combing my chest hairs and giving women piggy-back rides without making them flustered or over-excited.
I know every region around the world has its own weird cuisines. I mean, rocky mountain oysters… Eww!! So, what are some of the gross-sounding foods that people in your area love?
I got some pretty nice looks from the ladies today ;D Or not. I don't know.
# 2 is my mother and her older brother, my Uncle Obie. I don’t know what kind of car it is. Do you?
“Whatever you can do or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power and magic in it.” Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Prizes: The LUCKY winner this month will recieve their choice of FOUR files (digi stamps, cutting files or digi papers ) from Platypus Creek Digitals! Check out our sponsor store!
The basic tension is one between the parts and the whole. The emphasis on the parts has been called mechanistic, reductionist or atomistic; the emphasis on the whole holistic, organismic, or ecological.
Ravana asked Brahma and Siva for boons.
ABIB has the means to do the deal; they've been slashing costs and raising prices (even though their volume in their most lucrative market -- the U.S. -- is still dropping, they're making more money (not a great long-term state, how long can that go on, eh?)) and the debt from the purchase of A-B is either paid off or close to it; they've got a substantial warchest of almost $5 billion in cash/equivalents that will make a good start towards financing another acquisition.
But I guess the blogs with no followers are the internet equivalent of the kid with nits and a snotty nose that nobody wants to play with.
We stand behind all of our beers, and accordingly are offering a full refund to any consumer who purchased a bottle of Chocolate Ale from the following batches: 2011-1, 2011-2, or 2011-3. The batch number can be found on the back label of the bottle, in the upper righthand corner (click here to view image – the batch number is indicated by the last digit on the top line.). To receive a refund, send us the name of the store where you purchased the beer, the purchase price, your name and mailing address, and a scan or photo of the back label from your bottle of Chocolate Ale, batch 2011-1, 2011-2, or 2011-3. If you purchased more than one bottle, please include a photograph of all bottles together.
So what do you get? CD 1 kicks off with Little Boy Blues & the Blue Boys, Mick's first group (with Dick Taylor on guitar) first demo, recorded in Taylor's parents living room doing Jimmy Reed's On Your Way To School, followed by three tunes done a month later, all from the Chuck Berry song book- Johnny B Goode, Little Queenie and Beautiful Delilah. The liner notes credit Keith Richard with playing guitar, but it's more likely Dick Taylor and Bob Beckworth. There supposedly 12 tunes on the original tape, I'd imagine Scorpio is saving the rest of future volumes. The Stones first demo session in Oct. of '62, (the line-up is Mick, Keith, Brian and Ian Stewart with Dick Taylor on bass and Tony Chapman on drums) are heard doing an ultra crude run through of Bo Diddley's You Can't Judge A Book, two more tunes were cut that day--Jimmy Reed's Close Together and a tune called Soon Forgotten but they have never surfaced anywhere that I know of. The classic Rolling Stones line-up (Jagger/Richards/Jones/Wyman/Watts/Ian Stewart) recorded their first five song demo at Regent Sound on March 11, '63 (engineered by Glyn Johns who would go on to engineer many of their best 60's LP's) and it's presented here in its entirety, and in the best fidelity I've heard yet-- on Diddley Daddy, Bright Lights, Big City, Honey What's Wrong, Road Runner and I Want To Be Loved we hear the Stones' sound rapidly solidifying, they haven't masted the studio yet, but they have arrived at their sound-- no doubt.
“You’re scared, Baby?”
It looked even better with its apricot glaze on top. In fact it looked a million dollars and sat very well alongside all the gooey chocolate cakes and, of course, the chocolate Guinness cake. I was dying to see what it was like when it was cut ~ and to taste a slice for myself ~ for which I would pay my £1 just like anyone else as the whole idea is to raise money for the charity.
W. What makes you run late: Getting sidetracked. By anything. The internet, TV, Dan, cleaning the bathroom, you name it.
Neville was literally dripping with treasure. I believe he had magic armor, a magic sword, magic other doodads. I think he might have actually had a Hammer of Thunderbolts. He had a lot of HPs and he could soak damage in combat. He was near unstoppable. Despite all that, I think it's fair to say that Neville wanted MORE!
16Then the people in answer said, Never will we give up the Lord to be the servants of other gods;
I snorted and said, "Dude, could you call the Americans and tell them how you do this?"
I don't think they understand that speed limit signs apply not only to cars and trucks, but motorcycles as well. The other problem is that they've modified their motorcycle's muffler to sound like a jet engine from five feet away. To be fair, I don't have a problem with Harley's. Not only is the sound cool, but most Harley Davidson riders have respect for people and wouldn't race up and down their street at three in the morning.
A woman struggles with debilitating depression.
If you don’t want to sew the whole costume, you can find used clothing to alter to your needs. An old long-sleeved shirt would be easy enough to convert into a tunic with a slit at the neckline and some string. Likewise, a corset could be worn over a blouse and billowy skirt to create a female costume. Help you children think creatively by looking at ways they can transform objects by adding some elements and taking away others.
Some chopped coriander leaves
“God kills indiscriminately. And so shall we.”
The book reflects the bleakness of the landscape, slightly (or more than merely slightly) rundown and lower class, in some ways like Robinson's Home or Gilead. In part this is sentence structure, but it's also the passive nature of Dell. This changes a bit in Part Three, written in the present day and in a different voice, with less stilted phrasing and dialog.
Ethiope West Local
Which is why I seethe for her when someone asks, "why did you marry him?" She was asked to look within herself to find out where she went wrong.
Back tomorrow with my Willow DT card....another Guest DT card, plus perhaps another sneak peek of a cutey creation....xx
Kurt said they are right, Bobby scratched and clawed his way to win the tournament, and he was even hurt. What is it with these guys? All for one, one for all, are the they 5 Musketeers? You aren’t the least bit envious of Robert Roode, and wish you weren’t in the ring with the greatest wrestler of all time at Bound for Glory?
I forced my hands to relax. “You’re beginning to piss me off,” I said through my teeth.
1st Months Contest:
Beneath visions of unwell
5) Write a blog post about this giveaway and link me to it in your comment (2 entries)
Strange!
So yah we continued talking for a little while longer. He was super nice & so in our e-mails back & forth I make sure to use the word "y'all" just to make him laugh. It really is pretty funny how different people think us Texans talk. I try so hard when I am writing not to write "y'all" but it is so dang hard!!! I think this is the word that cracks most people up that haven't heard it or definitely give us away as Texans.
Martin Luther King on April 4th 1968
So: that's it. Seventeen weeks ago, we gingerly stepped out of the
Row 16- (sc in 5sc, 2sc in next) around (70)
Working out in Europe (when you could be eating delicious pastries) takes extra motivation for me, since I feel like I’m on an extended vacation and not living here. There are good ways to workout when you are traveling or living abroad that don’t require a gym membership. Workout DVDs are easy to download onto an mp3 player and then use while staying at a hotel or hostel. I’ve used Jillian Michael’s DVDs for the past couple years. The workouts don’t require much space, and though weights are used, you don’t have to use them. Or you can go the traditional route: on a trip to Switzerland with two friends, Kathy and Jackie, the three of us did a workout (Jackie was the motivated one) in our hostel room. Squats, push-ups, chair lifts (stepping up on a chair with one leg, then the other and repeat) can all be done in small spaces. The nice thing about traveling is that you usually get a good amount of walking in, too. You can always fall back on that.
A typical day in the lives of the Explodinators would involve a lively debate over what they should blow up today...
Here are my helpful hints (read as my booboos)
“Nah, it’s fine. My name’s Christian.”
In the August of 1936 my father was promoted to Sergeant and we moved from North Walsham to 26, Redenhall Road, Harleston. I was seven years old. What a difference in the house! It was large, semi detached, with high ceilings. There was no garden but there was an allotment up Station Road next to the Police Station. Apparently the house we moved into had been the police station many years before. The front door opened onto the street, not that I ever remember seeing it open! A side door opened onto a yard or lane which led to a builders premises at the top. Opposite the side of the house was a public house, the ‘Duke William’. My bedroom was over the side door and so faced the public house. On warm nights with the windows open I lay in bed listening to the murmur of voices, clink of glasses and the smell of beer wafted in from the pub.
Royal Festival Hall
Knead the dough with the heel of your hand for at least three minutes until the dough is very smooth. The dough should not feel sticky. If it sticks to your fingers, knead in a small amount of flour, just enough so your fingers come away clean when you pull them away. Wrap the dough and let it sit at room temperature for an hour.
there is very little i want to know about the internet.
From Bubby: love you
Good Egg w G $9.00
お友達が日本から３日間来ていたので、最初の日にタマンサファリにまた行ってきました！！！タマンサファリは何度行っても楽しい！月曜日だったのに、高速を出た後の道の渋滞ひどかったです．．．でもそれでも月曜日は通常日曜日よりはましだとか。それが本当なのであれば、日曜日にタマンサファリへ行くことはお勧めできません。土曜日はまだましかもしれません。車の中に居るだけで疲れました〜。
...and that's scone as in bone! (always a basic food debate fav, much like the "is it a barm? No it's a roll/bap etc). Just for the record, here's where I stand on these such matters:
Born on September 15, 1956, Willie Mullins was six-times amateur champion rider in Ireland and his major successes in the saddle included the
Are you looking for the best digital camera available in the market today? Look no further because the Panasonic Lumix DMC-FZ5 is here. Panasonic actually originated from FZ3, thus becoming its descendant few years back.
“Sensuality is basically a function of the body, while love is a function of the spirit.” Pg 62
Cenex: 203 W. Cottage Grove Road, Cottage Grove, WI 53527, 608-839-8222. Offers B5 (good for any diesel engine). Open 24 HRS.
For the writers, illustrators and authors amongst you, I wish for you representation, publishing contracts and book deals, excellent sales, awards and… an abundance of creative outpouring!
face: KGD aqua foundation in OC-1, maybelline dream smooth powder, cargo medium matte bronzer, rock & republic blush in lust, mac lightscapade
When Georgia beat Auburn to get to the Sugar Bowl he shouted: "Look at the sugar falling from the sky!"
Anyway. I'm a few weeks behind on showing my Project 366 pictures. So here goes!
Four Frames wood mount set
The ancestral umbilical cord
“This clown car have room for one more?”
Gasp!!! (oh the beauty)
For Hugh Jackman and a beautiful way of merging human emotions with animation and the robotic world, I would say go for it!! And as said by one of my twitter followers @ThereToRegret – “the movie entertains, touches heart and has no non-sense”.
When the roadside rescue service arrived, he didn’t even pop the bonnet open but took one look at the dashboard, shook his head in exasperation while muttering under his breath then promptly informed me that there was nothing wrong with the car, I was simply out of fuel. Is it my fault that I didn’t know that the bright orange light on the dashboard indicated that the fuel gauge was nearing empty? It was a good day. It could have been worse.
There will be a striking and sudden lack of worry among all people
All at the lowest prices around. Get in touch EARLY for large orders before they run out for the weekend..
6oz cooked veggies
(p. 158 Food Everyday cookbook) (Food Everyday p. 279)
P.S. Be sure to come back in a couple days to see why I think writers are like wrestlers, and the writer's journey is like WWE!
I got a call from the school yesterday, telling me that he had missed the first block (that's the first class of the day).
I end on an obscure note, with a fragment from an earlier book of Stevens, Feeding Frenzy.
At silly o' clock in the morning, Norma and Arthur Lewis (Diaz & Marsden) are rudely awoken to find a mysterious wee box on their doorstep. It's adorned only with a big red button. A mysterious stranger (played by Frank Langella) later arrives at their house and offers them a deal: press the button and receive $1 million. But someone, somewhere in the world will die. Can the seemingly quite nice Norma and Arthur bring themselves to do it? Maybe they can spend some of the money buying Norma a less stupid name. Although these are the 1970s. I suppose people called Norma were all the rage, otherwise we wouldn't have so many pensioners called Norma now.
For the doubles I’d like to go with my buddy Fadi Abou-Nassar. I have a lot friends who play 40k but of them all Fadi and I see eye to eye on most things, and I believe he can paint a 1000pt army for the deadline.
Whatever you want to call them, chances are there is a person in your life that makes things go smoother, greases the wheels of life so to speak. Maybe it's the receptionist at the doctor's office or your personal assistant. Most of us come in contact with at least one person a day who has the role of assisting someone else. And frankly, not a lot would get done without them. I may be a little biased, but I am well aware of how much we all rely on others to help us shine.
If you have written a Friday Flash 55 story that you would like to share, be sure to visit Galen, G-Man at Mr. Know It All (see side bar) and let him know. Have an unusual weekend. Be different. D
Now I just have to convince Mrs. PP that we are much better off. She has declared that we cannot afford food or anything else until we get back to a full six month wage safety net in savings once again.
So, there you have it—the Væmpires saga in a one-thousand-word nutshell. It’s an urban fantasy/dystopian series, combining fantasy, sci-fi, horror, action, and romance in bite-sized chunks for your enjoyment. There’s even a guest appearance by zombies!
These faces you see here, however, belong to brothers and sisters who've spent most of their lives together. Thus it shouldn't be to surprising that most of them have the same expression and look, down to the kind of haircut they have.
Also, you might notice a new "donate" button on the side margin. There is absolutely no pressure to ever donate anything but if you feel so compelled, I would greatly appreciate it. There are some production costs to this series and I have plans to expand it this year.
Preheat oven to 250 F with racks in the upper and lower thirds. Line two rimmed baking sheets with parchment.
04. Chez Roger Boite Funk
The big change, for me, going from being a writer to an author is the amount of “work” I have to put in. Before writing was my hobby so I wrote when I had a spare moment or when I felt like it, (which, if you talk to my family, was all the time). Now, when I write, I’m writing to fill a deadline or to advance to the next thing.
Oh yeah, I’ve had a great spring. And now, to make it better, just as we seemed to be past all our trouble, Saleem’s jaw has swollen again.
Goodbye, Judeo-Christian America.
My last Halloween "project" for this year were these Jello treats I made to share at our Cricut Club meeting and for dh and I to take to work...
Seamless Connectivity with Sony Products
5. Put juice into a saucepan and bring to a boil. Add the remaining tea bags and let simmer for 5 minutes. Remove tea bags and squeeze out liquid. Add cloves and sugar to the saucepan and continue to simmer until desired thickness is reached.**
Well I had a CLASSIC Fussy baby… High need type situation… my child wouldn’t calm down, was sensitive to noises, cried… I found that he was much calmer with my choice to nurse on demand (and he demanded it day and night, every hour and for hours at a time!). I instinctively slept with my child to keep him closer so I could keep my sanity and nurse him easier. I sat and cried to Maria at the Postpartem Place in Chatham, NJ. She looked at me knowingly…”You have a high need child!” She pointed at the Dr. Sears book on her shelf. She said, JUST NURSE HIM. Can’t leave the bed for a bit or the rocker? Nurse him… it’s ok. So I did. Thank goodness!
I did 5 pre-run tests. None of them worked. Defeated.
Next run is Wednesday (fitting day because its crazy-stress day at work).. and that will be the same as the one tonight: 25 minutes.
Would I recommend it? Without hesitation. Even if you don’t enjoy the story you will learn about a human condition and that will help you to understand an alternative view of life. That has to be a Good Thing.
What I’m getting at is that I like to look up the shows that I listen to and read the reviews, but sometimes you see things like this:
If you are reading this from your Graci Story Android App and would like to check in sometimes while online, go to wwwGraciStorycom. We've added some product information, including a nutritional drink that Graci uses to help her constipation issues and a Baby Signs book link. We will continue to add product information on relevant products that we have found useful. Let us know what you think! GraciStory @ gmail com
It wasn’t until the second round of bad health that my family started coming around more. And it wasn’t at first. It took a couple years. When they saw I wasn’t snapping out of it this time, they realized I might die. My sister and my mother started taking me to my doctor’s appointments almost two years ago. I am four years into it this round.
Mr. Kay, also a member of Transportation for Livable Communities, said the group opposes "so-called" roadway improvements that would include two-way left-turn lanes along Governor's Road and widening of Governor's Road.
However from an entertainment point of view, it isn’t a bad choice for a summer afternoon. The movie has a breakneck pace that keeps it from being boring at any given time. Like all Pixar films, it is a work of outstanding visual achievement – the details of the world are absolutely amazing, and often clever. Keep an eye out for a number of Pixar in-jokes, from director John Lasseter’s name appearing in a clever way on the London speedway track to the name of a movie at the local Radiator Springs drive-in resembling that of a Pixar classic. There are also nice little cultural references, such as Sig Hansen of “Deadliest Catch” fame voicing a Cars-world version of the F.V. Northwestern, the vessel that Sig captains both on the show and in real life.
I love those community cookbooks that people contribute recipes to and then sell for charity. I got this recipe from a community cookbook. Some people may call this Hawaiian Wedding Cake, some call it Aloha Cake. I call it Heaven. ;)
What Friends Say: Perhaps a secondary goal with the house was creating a gathering space. This is a house for friends and family to gather. We cook and entertain a lot. I guess they must like the place because they keep coming back.
I also started a lace-weight project (one of my stash-down goals)
I’m afraid that some times you’ll play lonely games too. Games you can’t win ‘cause you’ll play against you.
Of ignorance and
"I shall write to you."
I knew that whatever I did with my blog, I wanted to keep the same elements of it that keep you all reading so I'll still be talking about running, marathon training, my love for all things pumpkin and nutella, baseball, my spontaneous "Oops" trips all over the country (and world), and of course, I'll still be working to cross off some of those lingering things on The List that I never got around to.
What a way to begin the week after the long Easter weekend. First, we got the news about baby Afreen in Bengaluru, whose father has allegedly beaten her to death. He did this apparently because he wanted a son and was mad at this wife for producing a girl. Then in a village near Jalgaon, Maharashtra, a 19-year-old girl was strangled to death. The chief suspects are her father, uncle and grandmother. The reason: she was in love with a boy from another caste. And in Mumbai, the police arrested a 20-year-old man who was trying to abduct two minor girls.
As I write, I am resting comfortably in my rocker-not-recliner beside my bedroom window enjoying the in-coming breeze and the evening birdsong. The story I am about to share is behind me now… the remnants being that I am sore and achy and stoved up and moving very, very slowly. But yesterday is over with and for each day that passes, the following story will be that much further behind me. I honestly think that yesterday was one of the top five most horrible days of my entire life (deaths of family, friends and favored pets notwithstanding).
Ink - Memento Black, PTI Chai Inking cube
To prepare salad, combine lettuce and remaining ingredients in a large bowl. Drizzle dressing over salad; toss gently to coat. Serve immediately.
SHAME ON ME, I HAVEN’T WRITTEN IN AWHILE! -Slaps hand with ruler-
“Arnstad denies holding anti-Semitic beliefs and claims his policy is only against the Israeli occupation, but if this was indeed sincere, he would apply the same boycott to other occupying nations.”
Tonight is going to be such a fun hop because it is all about goodies! Goodie bags can be so fun to make, fun to embellish, and of coarse so fun to eat. We are foodies at my house, and with the holidays right around the corner you can bet that I am trying to think of new and creative ways to deliver my homemade goodies that I give as gifts. You'll see that tonight's project is more of a goodie box than a goodie bag. In fact, it's nine boxes - all stacked and ready to fill with various holiday treats.
Believe that one of the two will happen to you
FDR: I – I don’t even know where to start. How can I make Americans believe in their government again, when we have done such a terrible job safeguarding their interests?
My mother never went into the water. Part of it was that she didn’t want to muss her hair. She did have a beautiful head of hair. The other part was that she couldn’t swim a lick, and my dad was a trickster. She might have enjoyed a lazy bob in the waves, but she didn't trust her husband not to turn her weakness into a nasty practical joke. Our outings nearly always ended with someone crying.
2,803 — cars in campus parking spaces at peak demand in October (according to an April 2011 study)
would have given an exception to all employers
This is all set up and description. What does Tabitha want? What's keeping her from it?
55) I am attracted to brainy men but I have found that they cannot fuck. The Spouse Sparrow is my perfect combination of brains and rough trade, my bad boy with a heart of gold.
The matter has been adjourned till January 18.
LOL!
Iphone 5 a latest version for APPLE is expected to be announce its release in June at WWDC. It’s believed that this new release will bring about a tremendous change for the apple users. IOS 5 release rumors are heating up & its features are still in rumors.
As the creator of this blog, I dreamt of this moment. I wanted to find a script that nobody else knew about, that no studio or producer or agent or manager knew existed and celebrate it here in front of the world for the first time. I was hoping to do this on a regular basis. But as we’ve found out together over the past three years, good scripts are hard to come by.
I'm not telling you not to vaccinate your child. Do as you will. Please make sure they are healthy and don't give them Tylenol after. But what you do is what you do, in the end they are not my children and I am not responsible. What I do know is that, I am not interested in trying to save another child from what my son has gone through if I don't have to. So please do no try and talk me into it. Really your not changing my mind, your just pissing me off.
There is a great giveaway at FaveQuilts If you haven't signed up for their newsletter, you should, they have tons of free patterns or links to free patterns.
How evil/nasty is the enemy? Girls can be right little madams (that's putting politely) - Niffy & co's enemies really aren't friendly, but I didn't like or agree with how Amy took her revenge (Gina felt the same as me).
First we have Kira's Star
Cory has a job! Hallelujah! And not only does he have a job, he has one that fits him perfectly. We couldn't have asked for more.
Have a great day and thanks for visiting!
Ok… there was a crab race. Hermit crabs going for gold and heaps of tourists betting on the winner. So funny! Felt a bit bad for the crabs, but I guess they needed some excitement in their lives and who best to give them that but some drunken backpacker named Zack spending his last Fijian dollars in boosting the crab’s ego?
As Wisconsin State Treasurer, I am one of three Commissioners of the Board of public land which oversees the Common School Trust Fund. Currently the fund invests over $800 Million which it uses to fund the public school library system. In addition, the Board oversees the State Trust Fund Loan program, which makes low interest loans to local cities and towns across Wisconsin for much needed public infrastructure improvements. For many municipalities, these projects could not find funding anywhere else
On Sunday, October 30 he saw a bulldozer levelling plots that were demarcated the previous day.
For me and many interns I met, the most enlightening part of the internship, was the second week that is spent living in a village Branch office. The day consists of attending 1 or 2 Centre meetings, learning about the operations of the bank, the daily tasks and challenges, interviewing borrowers who have taken various types of loans, visiting their houses and businesses and getting to know them. This is a wonderful experience, because of several reasons. Not only did I get a taste of life in a Bangladeshi village, I also got to meet some amazing women, young and old, and learn about their life stories, their dreams and aspirations, and the socio economic impact of the work done by Grameen Bank. I will be sharing some of their stories in subsequent posts, but there is one common theme present in all the stories- one of hope and a sense of empowerment. Whether or not their efforts turn out to be successful, the access to credit has given them the courage and optimism to try again and again.
Principal Hearing Date: Thursday, 29th March 2012
Just in case the beans don't make it, I have extra seed of everything except Tiger Eye. If they don't make it I'll plant something else there instead. It is a bit early for the beans. But today it got to 87F so I'm thinking it was a good decision. Though the soil has been getting down to 55F at night which is too cool for beans. But fine in the day at around 60F-65F. With today's brief hot spell, I'm guessing it will get into the 70Fs.
You can now track who is clicking through your links, including the bit.ly links – just not through Facebook. The links on FB are not real time, but if you go to bit.ly, then it is real time and you can see how many people clicked through. Did you ask them to comment on your Facebook post? When you send people away, they aren't going to come back - so keep that in mind when you post.
A reading from a medieval Franciscan manuscript.
FRANK: We can't, Horatio. It seems that we've been put to pasture. They've cancelled us, Horatio.
As the priest urged them to stand, her eyes widened, and took in the priest, and the altar. She felt its cloth, could feel the warmth of the candles. Beyond that she saw and felt the full horror of Christ on the Cross. She lost her breath entirely and grabbed the pew in front with both hands. Then she fell. The weight of the cross on her back. Her mother stooped to help her up.
A few weeks back my kiddos had their friends over for a play date. Normally we don't have Cheetos or even chips in the house but these were left over from a boys camp out-perfect time to use them ;)
“What do you want?” he asked me, in just the deep silky voice I remembered.
Yep, the older ones are hiding in the corner
“I would say 75 percent of the town is virtually gone,” Kathy Dennis of the American Red Cross told CNN.
the punk Ice Queen. They share a similar piercing, banshee-
I am in love with this cocktail ring, the sheer size of it is amazing on the tip of being offensive. (haha) The back is beautiful and the double band is shaped beautifully. The texture of the gold gives the ring a romantic feel. If I only had 10,000 to buy it.
Well discourse continued for awhile, where she ripped me to shreds about the CF choice, but ultimately decided that she “respected” people’s choice to be CF (on which I call obvious bullshit), but that their choice came with a “price.” That’s when my jaw dropped almost all the way to the floor.
Okay, now i started to track on my calories burn per exercise, so i could get rid of those stubborn fat and be like the Korean famous weather representative guy... RAIN...
Overall – You wanting something quick and easy to play that really does allow for some real tactic choices. Without the need to spend loads of money on another system then I believe Good is defiantly worth a go.
In a desperate attempt to catch up, our second live 'Radio Podrophenia' show is now available for download... Conveniently titled Show 18! Recorded on 7th June, Mondo and I bring you a collection of songs based around the theme of 'numbers'.
2: They were dependent upon the publishers and editors they knew to actually sign contracts for the books they presented for their clients. The second aspect, the fact they are dependent upon the publishers is what has led to an incredible revolutionary process in the industry. Because just like the publishers, agents did not wake up fast enough to see the writing on the wall.
I don't have any pictures (bad blogger!) but we have also been enjoying the Italian nuggets. Ben seasoned some ground turkey with it before putting it on pizza! I bet it would be good in meat balls too!
Mr. Vittles, who does not even really like pasta and sauce, also happens to think it's awesome.
How you view your body is directly related to how outside forces have told you to view your body. What did your parents tell you about your body? Often parents who scold their children when they catch them masturbating instill in them the idea that their genitals and their sexual drives are bad.
Advance Preparation: The granita can be stored, covered, for up to four days in the freezer, but it will have become frozen solid.
3 beets, peeled and shredded
I see what really counts.
Knead the dough until it forms a smooth round ball.
So the estate probably gave the show permission to use the former first lady's image and, evidently, the estate has its demands. They probably have good reasons. Maybe there's a noble cause at stake. Surely, the Kennedy estate is not clinging to the Camelot fantasy and dragging out heart-breaking photographs just to sell us QVC jewelry?
Value: 6/10 This is about the only place I'll really ding this box. Six hits for your $90 is pretty cool, and I really like the autographs, but the players I got weren't that exciting, and honestly, who wants this many relics nowadays, much less plain white jerseys? I'd have traded those four for one more stab at an autograph
In addition, it should be remembered that customers will share their experiences, whether positive or negative, with their family and friends. Word of mouth has always been a potent form of advertising. One satisfied customer can easily turn into ten more as they spread the good word to those they know. Or in the negative, if you betray their trust, you would lose both actual and potential customers.
You all have been such an inspiration to me and I look forward to working with all of you again soon!
of Sperk* has proved to rid me of fear, writer's block, and other ailments that can prevent one from blogging. I also know that the connections I have made thus far within the blogosphere are meaningful to me.
03. Sunny sundae smile (3:12)
I honestly haven’t played a ton of Assassin’s Creed. Between Katie, school, & Battlefield 3 – I didn’t have enough time to invest and get caught up in the story. Maybe I’ll hit it up some more later this week.
521 **D-VIII/19/1961. “Church and State: The Beginnings of an Argument.” Human Relations Workshop in Intergroup Education in School and Community, Department of Education, The University of Chicago, in cooperation with the National Conference of Christians and Jews, Chicago, Illinois. (Included in Item C-1964(1), pp. 771-89. Incorporated in Item C-1987(4), pp. 86-100.) See Item D-I/27/1963, below.
After the Prize ceremony on Saturday I had a friend who lives near Niagara Falls drop by for a visit and we drove to Buffalo in search for Buffalo wings. It was actually harder than we thought as we didn’t really know where we were going. We found a place and I got to relax with a buddy and eat some wings and drink some beer! A great ending to an amazing week!
It has been about a week since I started writing. I have wrestled with the idea of writing like this for some time now and my biggest fear was that it would simply become another source of stress in my life. What I have found during this new adventure in my life has been quite the opposite.
I say "God Wink", because it gave me new insight into the writing process that feels like it will serve my current career path well.
Just days after the shooting, students and leaders at the missionary training center shouted a message to the gunman: “I forgive you, Matthew!”
Chicken is our global protein source.
I’d like more sensible discussion now about what to do beyond “String the f**kers up”. Violence isn’t going to get us anywhere apart from The Reign of Terror Mark XVIII.
It can be costly for the airline to use different names in the same market or different market.
And of course you all know about her mom. Katie was 7 when Jill died. I'll never forget the day Jill told her she was dying, and that she was going to come and live with us. Her childhood was shattered that day, and her little heart was broken into a billion tiny pieces. Telling Katie was the hardest thing Jill ever had to do, and I promised her that day that Katie would be okay. I promised her that she would have the childhood she deserves, and that she would grow up and be happy and have hopes and dreams and be whole again and live a full life. I made Jill that promise because I knew it was what she needed to hear, but I really didn't know what was in store. I really had no idea how hard it would be for Katie to cope with all of this at such a young age. I knew as soon as I said it that I had made a promise I didn't know how to keep.
There is interest in people here in renewables. When UDP came up, people asked “What about renewables?”
Normal Deviations has pointed out on his blog that I’m not always happy. So doing a little introspection, I went for a walk and thought, aren’t I happy? And why not?
The other night we spent a great deal of time trying to get Lorelai to sleep. There had been 100 reasons why she couldn't go to bed: she needed a drink, then she needed to go potty (if you give a mouse a cookie, right?), then she needed all her stuffed animals, then she needed a different blanket, then a kiss... it was a process.
Anger: So, it was true! You had left me! And how long had you been planning this? Was it right from the start? Was I some kind of rebound blog? In fact, I had noticed that you seemed kind of distant, always as if you were five seconds out of my grasp. And to be honest, how sure am I that you weren’t making sexy eyes at other blogs while claiming to be a follower of mine. I feel so cheap.
A Saison Darkly may be considered Belgian beer, but the flavors have been influenced by American craft brewing. It has the trademark citric hop flavors of many American beers. The taste has a tart, floral quality, thanks to the rose hips and hibiscus added in the brew. Upon tasting, one will find a pleasant fruitiness and the flavor of black berry juice may come to mind. The beer drinker may even detect a hint of chocolate in the brew. The taste concentrations are impressive, resulting in the dark, spicy and fruity 8% ABV A Saison Darkly.
Some studies indicate that people with Asthma have environmental allergies. Although food allergies may also contribute to the problem, some researchers believe food allergies only rarely sinusitis. If other treatment approaches are unsuccessful, people with sinusitis may choose to work with a nutritionist in order to evaluate what, if any, effect elimination of food and other allergens might have on reducing their symptoms.
The symposium had brought together prominent multi-disciplinary experts, legal practitioners, academicians, policy specialists, representatives from the pharmaceutical industry and non-profit organizations. The symposium was spread in over five technical sessions focusing on different aspects of the issues posed by the IP-pharmaceuticals law and policy interface. Given the recent approval of India’s first compulsory license, an open session had also been held on this issue, which generated quite an intense debate.
Musette- served w/ Bitter chocolate banana bread pudding
As my career focus has changed to primarily showcase my photography and paintings, I felt that my blog needed to be more focused as well. For those of you wondering if I will continue to design…yes, I will, but this new direction will be my main focus. I also felt this change was necessary to clear up any confusion as to who I am...over the past year or so, I would find my name show up in photo challenge awards as "christina", "cmh photo", "cmh photography" and "rsvp ink". I felt it was time to clarify…I am all of the above but from now on you will see it simple and to the point — Christina Hammock.
Welcome to this latest contest! You can send your entries early, but the contest will officially open and entries will be posted starting on July 8th.
So last post, we left off with Brent going to bed Friday night in underwear. At 11:45pm, he started crying and I went into his room to find him crumpled in a heap on the floor by his (closed) bathroom door. He had peed and pooped in his underwear, but his bed was completely dry - which tells me he made the effort to get to the toilet. I let him know we weren't mad and that was a huge accomplishment that he tried. Once he calmed down, we discussed what we could do to make it easier for him to find the bathroom. His night light has now been moved to the bathroom and that door stays open to his bedroom.
This evening, I was drinking next to the new chef. Nice guy. I reckon the food looks very good indeed. It should be changing soon. Interesting.
She cannot kick the same these days – which makes her feel broken.
I still remember vividly when I went to the AMC Theaters in Burbank (that has since changed) to see Jet Li’s The One. When pulling up I surprisingly thought the line wrapped around the building was for the movie I was going to see, because obviously any movie I would want to see must be the movie of the year for everyone else too…just kidding. Anyway, I asked one of the people in line what that line was for and was admittedly surprised when they told me Finding Nemo. This was the evening and there was not one small child that I saw. Fast forward to years later on DVD thanks to my mom and I being forced to watch this film by my sister as part of family night at my apt, I finally watched Finding Nemo. I then understood the fuss in line. Surprisingly this film is amazing and without flaw. And, as my mom stated, “I don’t even like Ellen Degeneres, but she stole the show in this one.” Agreed mom. But wait, you don’t like any one do you? Just kidding.
1 conditioned
I’m looking forward to it!
How satisfying or unsatisfying would it be if eventually the aliens leave not because we beat them or because they’re allergic to water or because microbes gave them colds, but because they had finally taken everything of value? They’ve exploited the world and ripped away everything they wanted and now it’s not so profitable anymore. Sooner or later they decide it’s Peak Oil from here on out, so they cut their losses and go.
Stewface / Mold - Split (it was cheap, and it looked cool.)
2. It's a mellow day with no plans
There is an excellent article in The Guardian discussing the pros and cons of going overdue www.guardian.co.uk/lifeandstyle/2010/oct/01/pregnant-for-10-months
Lying across my computer screen, dead,
As always, thanks to all who provide fodder for this blog. I can't use every thing, try to avoid making it too inflammatory to turn off those who need to learn in the center. Also time limits me. If an item comes in unformatted for the blog, I look to see how much interest it has, plus how much time to will take to pull it and format it.
The women point out that we have to do those things, to assume the worst, in order to protect ourselves. I point out that it's a terrible thing, to have so much of our energy go to that kind of self-preservation.
A great reminder for us all. . . .
As you may have guessed, I ranked Voyager 6th on my list of Star Trek franchises. Yep that’s right, it’s dead last. Yep, you heard me, I even dared to suggest that Enterprise was better than Voyager. While some might find this blasphemy, many will find my responses to be true.
We are loving how quiet it is! We used to have a bus stop on our nature strip and live near an intersection. Although the local bus only came once an hour there was a lot more traffic and activity going on. Now I'm lucky if a car goes by every hour let alone every few minutes.
In the absence of modern medical treatments, older uses for natural medicines like marijuana are going to come into use again, and not just for recreation. Getting stoned out of my gourd during a zombie apocalypse does not sound like a good idea. I had never done marijuana before coming to the States, despite its prevalence in Israel.
In Celebration of the Communion Of Life
I will now start on my Easter cards and have decided to use card sketches from sketchsupport.com and design all else on my own. I put the sketches into my Cameo library and then can just pick the one that I want to use. Let's get those creative juices flowing.
Mostly we have tried to get in and keep just about every type of fun leg-wear we could get our hands on.
"We find in the Bible the words: 'In the beginning was the word, and the word was God', and we also find that the word is light, and that when that light dawned the whole creation manifested.... It teaches that the first sign of life that manifested was the audible expression, or sound: that is the word." - from The Power of the Word. This same idea is echoed in the Hindu Vedas, in the Hebraic Kabbalah, in Sufism, Islam, Zoroasterism, and many more.
This afternoon at 3pm I'll be presenting to the community drafts of two alternative designs for a new communal garden on the grounds of the Parsonage, a landmarked historic building, on the grounds of the Flatbush Reformed Church.
Half a teaspoon of salt goes in.
Corruption is a disease that has infected every aspect of Malaysian life. BERSIH 2.0 and the rakyat demand for an end to all forms of corruption. Current efforts to eradicate corruption are mere tokens to appease public grouses. We demand that serious action is taken against ALL allegations of corruption, including vote buying.
Maybe this week you can do something for a friend.
Two decades ago, caring for the elderly was hardly an issue. The joint family was a harmonious secure haven for both the young and the old so the question arises
What is God the Father accomplishing in the world through Christ? What were we before the coming of Jesus Christ? How has our relationship with God the Father changed because of Christ? For what purpose has God reconciled us to himself through Christ? How do we hang on to what Christ has accomplished for us?
This is what you'll need...
I wanted to tell you about what happened in our class this week. I'd have written sooner, but I was busy marking classwork from this past week, on my Saturday.
The random access memory storage space fоr thе normal hardware settings would bе 1 gigabyte of space. The ultra settings would bе double thе normal hardware settings аnd be twо gigabytes.To process thе data quickly еnough for the normal gaming experience the Central Processing Unit speed would bе at the minimum оnе thousand, six hundred megahertz. For the ultra settings іt should be аbove onе thousand еіght hundred megahertz.
There must be somebody out there that they can sell
9. John Upton, ‘The Smallest Details Speak the Loudest’, review of The Macpherson Report and Brian Cathcart’s, The Case of Stephen Lawrence, Viking, London., 1999, in The London Review of Books, Volume 21, number 13, 1st July 1999, p.9.
We’ve all heard them before – the rules to dating. Sigh — you know the ones that say, “Don’t call a guy right back, because you don’t want him to think you’re pressed.” I absolutely hate the typical dating rules, partly because they tend to be more about what women shouldn’t do and also because, quite honestly, they just don’t matter. If a guy is interested in you, it’s not going to bug him out that you called 10 minutes after he left a message on your voicemail (wait – do people still leave messages on voicemails? hmmm). And if he isn’t feeling you – then you could call 2 days later and he’d still be telling his boys how he’s got this broad pressed.
The authors identify two policy issues from their data. The first is whether racial disproportionality reflects a disproportionate number of students of color engaging in certain types of behaviors, or whether it reflects students of color being punished for behaviors that White students engage in without such serious consequences. The second issue involves out-of-school suspensions and the negative consequences, such as the higher dropout rates, correlated with this type of disciplinary action.
Source: William New, "Honduras Files WTO Dispute Case Vs. Australia Over Tobacco IPR", Intellectual Property Watch, here.
“If you have the courage to touch life for the first time, you will never know what hit you. Everything man has thought, felt and experienced is gone, and nothing is put in its place.” —U.G. Krishnamurti
Please take time to read all of Deuteronomy 28.
It didn’t make sense to the judges that she would receive the least number of votes, but that’s the odd, unreliable phenomenon of public opinion.
D.H: Going for 2, stopped. (21-17) with 57 seconds to go...exciting!
Oscar Brown Jr., poet, singer, songwriter and activist, turns this street holler into a love ballad.
Here is the rest of what I made, and the colors I used. The roll of seam binding that I bought was 100 yards, and each color I made was 4 yards. I made 23 colors, so that was 92 yards, give or take, not bad for an hour's work, huh?
29th June 2010
By now, you may know I am a little obsessed with organizing and beautifying closets. In fact, I have been plugging away at our Preston's closet this previous week and am extremely anxious to reveal the results to you....
Is it because you “don’t have enough time”, or you “don’t know where to start”, or you “just don’t know enough” about something to make a difference?
Figure Study - Lesson One
Oh and let’s not forget the cast. Joan Crawford turns in a performance that won her an Academy Award and rightfully so. She’s so sexy here, but not in a blatant way – in a classy way. The rest of the cast is fine too, as I thought Zachary Scott and Ann Blyth were both marvelous. In fact, I can’t believe I had never even heard of Zachary Scott before, but there was something about him that made me want to listen when he spoke. Before I got to the computer tonight, I was saying to myself, “The character of Veda Pierce may be one of the nastiest villains I’ve seen on film in a while” and I’ll be damned if the character wasn’t nominated for the “AFI 100 Years…100 Villains” list. Oh and how about Michael Curtiz, who’s shown me some great versatility as I’ve worked my way through the book and knocked my socks off with films like this, Captain Blood and Angels with Dirty Faces. I’m not a fan of Casablanca, but why is it that directors always seemed to get recognized for the wrong picture? When people remember Curtiz, they should be citing one of the films I named above, not the movie set in Morocco with Bogie and Bergman.
The doctor that diagnosed me said there were two options - a mouth guard or a CPAP machine. The doctor said with my type of Sleep Apnea the mouth guard would not work he felt.
On the seventh day, God rested, and on the 8th day he invented the mint julep. People sometimes ask me what my favorite cocktail is, and this is always my answer. The combination of bourbon, sugar, and mint is stupidly simple and stupidly good. And the mint juleps at the Anvil are a real feat of artistry - piled high with crushed ice like a bourbon sno-cone. I mean - I just said "bourbon sno-cone". What more could you want?
We are raising our children with Judaism and Christianity, the two religions in our family. Yet various friends and teachers have also exposed them to Buddhism, and at 14, my son currently identifies his religious identity on Facebook as “Jew/Christian swirl interested in Buddhism.”
About us :-
This is something that can be used as material to be creative. We know that thedecorative table lamp will be constantly changing and evolving in accordance with thecreations that can be poured. Because the creation of beauty and uniqueness wouldmake look different and attractive. When the creations can be poured right, beautifuland unique, will certainly be profitable for the creativity award.
Great look and can be done relatively inexpensively.
Oh, Wordsworth, definitely, courtesy of Professor Betz and his Sophomore Honors English course. Professor Betz was my advisor in college. He’s a renowned Wordsworth scholar who spends summers hanging out in the same places Wordsworth did. I find that when someone is that passionate about a subject, he cannot help but transfer some of that passion to his students. I’m also fond of William Blake and all the Romantic Poets. I love Poe. I can appreciate modern poetry, but I will always prefer the kind that rhymes.
I’m not bragging when I say that we feel blessed to have lasted this long as a couple. Marital bliss for our generation has turned out to be a 50/50 proposition. I feel for those who have tried to hold their marriage together, giving their all to no avail. I am ever so thankful that we have hung in there, even during difficult times.
Sooo, hopefully his teacher will challenge him and let him show his creativity in positive ways (and I think she will), and hopefully Clay will learn when it's time to settle down and behave in a classroom setting with a different authority figure and classmates who may sometimes annoy him.
that night
Nate, who can now READ! spotted Lucy's name and got giggly. I kept going. I read his name aloud. He beamed. I was fair, I gave them two mentions a-piece like a good mommy should. Then I got to the last sentence. He leapt into my lap and hugged me, "Mmmm, Mama."
I finally told the last twit that I’d be glad to drive her over to the home and see, just see, how much of a conversation she could have with him.
It’s about time.
Ok, I didn't know WHAT I was going to do with it. But we had electrical issues last week, and while my refrigerator wasn't affected, my cooking plans were. Friday, I just kinda decided that this weekends foods were going to be more "fussy." Hence yesterday's acorn squash, and today's fried chicken.
British Freedom’s ideology is one of cultural nationalism as opposed to the BNP’s racial nationalism.
This was a series I hadn't read much about before starting it, I picked it up mainly because I'd enjoyed the Sazi series so much. And over the course of the series I grew to like it quite a bit - Celia is a smart character, which unfortunately sometimes seems a bit rare. How often do you find yourself thinking to a character "No! Don't do that you idiot! Don't go there without telling someone! Don't go in the dark basement with no flashlight!" etc. I didn't experience that with her - things just get totally messed up despite her doing her best to prevent it.
Two tips for cutting with this border die: 1) make sure you use relatively new cutting plates in your machine for best results, and 2) place a little strip of waxed paper between the paper/cardstock and the cutting plate. It provides just the tiniest bit of extra resistance for a cleaner cut, and seems to make the little inside pieces fall out of the lattice more easily. It also peels easily off the back of the finished die-cut piece. The strips produced with this die are 5-1/2” long, but because of the design you cannot tell where I joined them. (I had to do a little fudging on 2 of the corners, but they are hidden by the flowers and leaves –shhhh!.)
Author and journalist Ann Carey, who has for many years researched and covered the situation of women's religious in the U.S., reacted yesterday to the news of the CDF statement about the LCWR and the response, so far, of the LCWR:
The Ugly
‘In the Belly of Jonah’ is a book I would recommend to mystery lovers* but also those who, like me, are fascinated by the concept of a serial killer with an artistic bent.
Another thing...
Believers are not building the kingdom of God on earth today. They are snatching brands from the coming fire before the day of salvation is finished (1 Cor. 9:19; 10:33; 2 Cor. 5:11, 18-21; 6:2; Jude 23). Today the “whole world lieth in wickedness” (1 John 5:19), and the devil is its god (2 Cor. 4:4). The apostles and prophets in the early churches (as described in the book of Acts and the Epistles) did not band together to accomplish grandiose social-justice projects; they did not pursue artsy activities; they did not try to save the earth; they preached the gospel and shined as lights in this dark world by their holy lives. Christ’s Great Commission emphasizes gospel preaching (Mat. 28:18-20; Mk. 16:15; Lk. 24:46-48; Acts 1:8). After Christ rose from the dead and as He was preparing them for His ascension, the disciples asked Him, “Lord, wilt thou at this time restore again the kingdom to Israel?” (Acts 1:6). Jesus’ reply is very instructive. He did not correct their understanding of the establishment of a literal kingdom of earth. He told that it was not time for that long-expected kingdom to be established and that our duty in this church age is to preach the gospel to the ends of the earth. “And he said unto them, It is not for you to know the times or the seasons, which the Father hath put in his own power. But ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you: and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem, and in all Judaea, and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost part of the earth” (Acts 1:7-8). After this, Christ ascended to Heaven and poured out the Holy Spirit upon the disciples to empower them for this great work. This commission of world evangelism will not be abrogated until church age saints are removed from this world and the Lord regenerates Israel and restores them to the front burner of His plan for the ages.
Gosh! We were popular bears last week, the number of hits on TheBigForest blog went off the scale and we had our best day for ‘Followers’ and our best day for ‘Likes’! Lots of folks clicked on links too and a friendly person stuck our work on their board over at Pininterest. According to our blog stats it looks like half of Estonia, a sizable chunk of Singapore and lots of lovely people in Denmark were reading our post about Bill the Mod Bear, found photos and camper vans. Followers from Sweden, the Netherlands and Indonesia dropped by too so we must be doing something right.
Yeah, I'm still coaching. I moved from coaching run/walkers to coaching walkers, and the walkers are an, errr, older crowd than myself! For a while I could barely even keep up with them. We walk on some HILLS. However, the doctor said that I can continue to walk with them. I think it's even been helping my recovery in some strange way.
I started playing at 11am and went on until about 5pm.
Canon 216, as predicted, is being invoked, and Olmsted is already signaling that he is prohibiting the use of the word Catholic “in any way” by St. Joseph’s. Olmsted’s revocation of permission for reservation of the Blessed Sacrament at St. Joseph’s would be grounded in 1983 CIC 934 § 1, n. 2; while the specific mechanism for his revoking permission to celebrate Mass at St. Joseph’s was not included in the decree, there are a couple of ways that the bishop could secure that.
So as you pray for me to let go and float, let me do the same for you. Where do you need prayer now? Where do you need to learn just to float?
Sat - Grilled Chicken Burrito. Ready to heat and assemble. Comes with beans, pico, grilled chicken, spanish rice and cheese
Oh BTW…I got the cherry cokes chillin’ and the Boston creams are in order..So maybe we now can celebrate* OUR birthday together sometime soon HAHAHHAHA. RIGHT???!!! HAHAHHAHAHAH.
How do I know what’s best? Well, I don’t. I know what works best for my kids now, and I have a very well-mannered, well-adjusted five year old. He didn’t get all new clothes, he didn’t have every toy, he didn’t use a pacifier, and I think I gave him 7 different kinds of nipples on his bottles. But the proof is in the pudding! He’s alive, he hugs me every morning, and he tells me he loves me. I learned from my mistakes with him and put my new plans in to motion with my one year old, and so far so good!
“You sure that was a well?” asked Hank.
“Establish and maintain strong eye contact,” says Sarikas. If you’re worried your shaking will make your potential employer as nervous as you are, point it out. “Let them know it is because you are so enthusiastic about the position and move on. Don’t draw more attention to it,” says Sarikas.
Part S.F. thriller and part haunted house movie, Sunshine does get caught up in itself a bit, but not so as to distract much from the relentless forward movement of the plot. Eight scientists are en route to the Sun with a very, very large bomb, hoping to cause a mini-supernova and keep the Earth from freezing. Ludicrous, of course (and, as I've mentioned before, not unlike an outer-space version of The Core), but the perfect recipe for things going very wrong, very fast. Cillian Murphy and Chris Evans play nicely off one another as two of the strongest leads in the ensemble, with Murphy's near-girlish prettiness and Evans's machismo providing two poles between which the fate of the mission swings. Things don't get terribly much deeper than that, but with a surface as pretty as Sunshine's, who cares?
The finished dish. Now it sits – for several hours! Cover it lightly and let it sit for 24 hours – or more. Do NOT refrigerate it – it sits at room temperature. Some let it sit for days. I feel odd about unrefrigerated stuff, so I’d use it within 3 – 4 days or so. But that’s just me! It’s so good it won’t last long, I promise!
How can we believe that these kids don’t feel any pain? Is there any proof?
Throughout the first year of the two-year course I struggled greatly. We were focusing on Still Life for the first six months or so and at Easter had our year ten exam, a drawing exam. I managed to get 37.5%, an E grade, the lowest in my year. First time that’s happened to me, but I’m pretty proud of it. I mean, if you’re going to fail, at least do it properly. No coming second to bottom. That’s just not allowed.
I am fun!
The elders have a saying that it is the one who is mother is loved, is the one that we would appreciate the child. If you are an enemy of God, God cannot love your children, so I am talking to those parents who are here tonight; if for no other reason, because of your children, give your life to Jesus, become a friend of God. When you become a friend of God, then God will become a friend of your children.
Kristen Bell's Sloth Meltdown made me laugh so hard. If you somehow managed to miss it, you have to watch! My Dad said her reaction reminded him of me... I'm going to take that as a compliment.
The reason for this is because we anticipate quite a bit of collective anger once these revelations come to the fore, and indeed even many of you who are beginning to be exposed to what have been called the most sacred secrets on your world, are realizing just how controlled and manipulated your world has been. We have felt anger arise in many of you as you read about the various activities of the Illuminati; imagine such anger on a worldwide level.
There is now a recognized beer style called "American amber ale." It's a style that didn't exist before about 1985, and one born, I'm sad to report, partly out of ignorance. In England, if you brewed an amber-toned, malty ale with notable but moderate hop character, you'd call it a best bitter or possibly extra special bitter (ESB). But in the US, brewpubs, brewing almost exclusively ales, knew of pale ales, browns, porters, and stouts. Apparently to round out the spectrum, they began filling in the gaps. In between pale and brown were added "amber" and "red."
But that risk-taker?
If you’ve ever read Ted Holiday—he talks about that in fairy lore. And the idea is that the fairies live in these places, and you’re overhearing the revelry of the fairies.
End of Paris visit. Our flight was in the evening, so we packed n checked out at 12noon, stored our things at the hotel luggage room. The 2 kids decided to stay at lobby with my eldest sis while my youngest sis explored nearby shops. I took a taxi to Sothy's salon at 128 Faubourg St Honore. Ha ha can't believe I'm at the very address that is shown on my skincare tube! Caught by surprise on the price, product that costs RM773 in M'sia is only 158 euro (RM632), another that costs RM412 in M'sia, sells for 57.30 euro (RM229.20), another costs RM362 in M'sia n in Paris 41 euro (RM164) and I can go on and on and on top of that I received free products due to the amount spent n plenty of samples n I enjoy VAT refund of 184 euro. Basically I spent a nett of 1,256 euro n enjoy products worth 1,587 euro. I'm happy!!
I tell her that I've got a bit of a headache and that maybe she sat on me lost chewing gum.
I wanted to let you know that I have created a Facebook page called ‘Banned From Travel’ to give support to victims who are suffering and recently, when one victim (an American Citizen) was in dire need of 200 Bahrain Dinars (about $700) to save him from prison – I put out a message on that page and some of the kind people who are supporters, with in 2 hours had rallied round and provide BD20 each to collect the money we needed to rescue him.
Amit Bansal answers, You must take all details of the employer and the employment. You must then go ahead and do your own research to find out how genuine the profile and the company is before you decide to go for it.
Greco Holographics
This first eyeshadow is 12그레이 브라운 (grey brown). When I looked at it on Gmarket, I swear I though it was some deep ashy purple colour. But judging from the name, it's a grey brown wth?! hahaha! I would still describe it as a shade of purple -- in it's most murky and grey brown form *lol*, but maybe that's just me trying to convince myself that I'm not colour blind XD
It’s a testament to the cloistered nature and ideological inbreeding of New York’s media elite. Talking amongst themselves, leftish clones can’t possibly imagine that multitudes – many of them Democrats living beyond Manhattan - will see this as another good reason to oppose the reelection of Barack H. Obama.
There isn’t a great deal of ‘backstory’ with this one, which I first heard on the Rhythm & Sound CD collection. It stunned me on an iPod, pushed to the limit to drown out London tube noise, but I knew immediately that it had to be heard on vinyl, where the cracks and spaces would somehow open up and reveal even more. Also, by featuring only the ‘/s’ version, the CD/digital album slightly spoils the full effect of the journey from pretty out there to gone that you get when playing both sides of the 12″. Fortunately, most of the Basic Channel-related catalogue remains in print, or is at least relatively easy to get hold of, so if you don’t have it but do have a record player, go treat yourself, play loud and get inside it.
6) My motivation and determination come back to me
Believe me, that was an achievement!
Once on a paper torn from his notebook
A couple days ago, a cousin posted on Facebook: My boys and hubby are home, dinner is cooking, and we are all playing a game together while watching football. Life is good.
8:Alejandro De Aza- Good price and hits Jimenez.
“And, right now,” said the Sith, taking a single step forward, “you are standing in my way.”
Exercise routines suitable to my level of recovery are given for each week.
The Mysterious Mister M is ahead of the trend.
Top military brass assured civilian leaders in the United States that the retrieval of the data was inconsequential because the data was only stored on the drone using very weak encryption. What they refused to acknowledge was that Iranian engineers could reverse engineer the electronic communication technologies used by the drone to communicate with US military satellites. However, that is exactly what happened and not only did Iran achieve the ability to intercept such transmissions but they also achieved the ability to send their own control signals into the United States high-tech weapons systems.
The book is pretty intense with the Bader and Dorset population starting to riot and Enterprise’s medical and security staff try to deal with them. At first, Picard wants to just advice the planetary Council (of eight people) but it quickly becomes clear that they aren’t used to anything like the protests and riots. Meanwhile, Riker is looking for his father with the planetary protocol officer. They travel to various villages and even meet the officer’s family. To my disappointment, they turned out to be very much a Western type family with the father working long hours and the mother staying home to raise the kids. The family and the officer himself are quite sympathetic characters.
I'd really love to see more books with these designs published and using the same names because it's far less confusing if we use the same name for the same design. Imagine if every time someone wrote about Stippling they had to come up with another name? It's too confusing!
Now I knew before I arrived in the Netherlands that this day was a big deal as a person who had visited UCU before from Exeter had gone on about it when we had a meeting with him. So I was already planning on going to Amsterdam this day. Tina was also very keen as she’s been here as long as I have now (nearly a year) and hasn’t visited Amsterdam yet. Hence we could easily kill two birds with one stone on this one. A plan was vaguely coming together a week beforehand. The 29th is also a day to be celebrated, Koninginnenacht, where music plays in the street and everyone grabs a beer and has a good time. So our plan was to go to Utrecht for Koninginnenacht and Amsterdam for Koninginnedag. Crazily though many of the Dutchies did not have a clue what to do on this day. The were many debates between me and Myrte about if it would be best to go to Amsterdam. Even her friends that lived in Amsterdam had no idea! I don’t see how you couldn’t know as even if you haven’t been, which sounds ludicrous, then it must be on the News and things. Crazy.
I have been trying to get my account to operate properly for some time now.
If I looked back over my blog posts, I think I'd be unsurprised to find that many of them are a whinge of some kind. It's so easy to fall into that trap, perhaps, knowing that there are sympathetic souls who are fellow writers reading them, but it's probably not a good mind-set to have as default!
I know it looks a bit odd that I filled from the bottom to top, but there's a good reason for it. My chair that I sit in, wheels over to the shelf, and I wanted the markers I used the most (which was my blue colors) to be closest to me when I wheeled over. So I filled it bottom to top. And I put my studio color-chart on top for handy reference.
one morning in november, he left the little miss and the baby brother some goodies.
The most common concern of eliminating the minimum wage is that companies will be able consipire against their employees, forcing them to accept wages that amount to next to nothing. This sounds plausible, but it leaves out two key points:
The 48-year-old First Lady wore a short sleeve white, kelly green and royal blue color-block Preen Pre-Fall 2012 collection cocktail sheath dress with asymmetric design on the top, peplum and belted waist. The chic knee length frock was accessorized with earrings, a crystal marquis Alexis Bittar ‘Sapphire’ brooch pin (last seen at the State of the Union address) and gold pointed-toe pumps.
I can't stay still. But he somehow managed within seconds to do exactly what he needed to.
than her voice any where at all ..
Bonus! A recording of Stanford's Stanford: Irish rhapsody No 4 in A minor, Op 141 (The Fisherman of Loch Neagh and what he saw) with the Ulster Orchestra under the magical influence of Vernon (Tod) Handley.
But, black as midnight, little calf,
We were moulded into various poses by the pedantic photographer who cocked our heads awkwardly and positioned our hands just-so, sometimes sitting, sometimes standing, sometimes holding urns or each other. It didn’t matter that I
My workmate picked me up and took me to work today and dropped me home she felt that not having a car was not a valid reason for two days off work!
In their own comments, Councilmembers Kay Daniels-Cohen and Fred Schultz each took note of the strong support for both resolutions. Councilmember Daniels-Cohen said she was “thrilled to see this many people this passionate about these issues.” Councilmember Schultz noted:
Want to guess where it all got me?
Tree, and then as from the same root we talk, leaf
Google produced this program to hundreds of thousands of people and when the word got around about the money that can be made if you place them on your website webmasters begin to implement the ads on there bog and website. Advertisers need a way to present products and services to future customers. What they do is perform a little keyword research using Google keyword tool for recommended keyword phrases in which is searched by the users of the search engine. Every visit and text used by the user is recorded and placed in the query and refined carefully in there data systems so advertisers can utilize it accordingly for business purposes.
I got introduced to them towards the end of the summer, and with the help of a kind translator, I asked them what they thought I had been up to. The answer cracked me up. Taxes. They thought I had been trying to figure out my taxes all summer!
The brilliant Norwegian film "Make me well!" about ME patient Anette Gilje can now be purchased with English subtitles at Mediamente's webshop. Watch the trailer:
‘The whole thing about Obama saying the rich don’t pay their taxes is f****** bulls***. And I voted for the guy and I’m a Democrat. What a f****** a**hole!’
Closer to 1 than a baby....
Jerry DiPoto = 5 points
She’s so smart.
English uses a familiar tactic to describe a period of history–he follows three characters through tribulations which help demonstrate the time period. On the dust jacket, Douglas Brinkley calls this “social history.” As I have mentioned before, I enjoy this technique. Unlike the three characters in “The Warmth of Other Suns,” English’s chosen three characters are far from perfect heroes, a decision English surely made on purpose. The first is a uneducated and poor African American man who was framed in one of New York’s most famous murder cases. He struggles through the legal system for more than a decade before being cleared. The second is a New York City cop who is on the take and who after getting rich (and caught) exposes the corruption in the system. The third is a militant African American activist who ends up a leader in the Black Power movement. All three are connected by the fact they were bit players in a period of great strife in the city and oddly, all three were accused of, and served time for, murdering someone else.
The judge had been right. Morris Sinclair was not the type of father any child would wish to have. Reclusive and malevolent, Morris had his own vast following of fans who soaked up his famous horror stories and sang dark praises to him. His children were not among them.
WHY: Women face tremendous challenges as they move through life’s transitions, from childhood to adult, from college to career, from single to married, to widowhood or divorce, and into the retirement years. Therefore, it is important to have more women in the financial services industry, who understand the needs of their female clients.
What to say first. The game was originally made for the Bandai WonderSwan Color, the Japanese-only competitor to the GBA. It apparently was successful enough to spawn a stellar port to the GBA. The GBA version has over two hundred voice clips and tons of cutscenes and character portraits. The PSP version came later and was a fully voiced, redrawn port of the GBA game. What am I trying to say? It's a game good enough to be ported twice to sequentially superior systems while getting both audio and visual upgrades along the way. I played the GBA port (of course). My description above is exactly how I felt about the game. I saw the trailer and said to myself, "What the hell? This looks . . . awesome?" So to the ROM boards I went and got myself a copy. A couple hours in, I was hooked. End of story.
One small victory
"Bring me the yardstick!" I yelled.
So, it was good to get out into the fresh air and take a small break, knowing that I had some quality studio time at the end of the week, and some blogging time at the end of all that to get everything sorted and in perspective. It's all going well and everything is where it needs to be. carry on gluing!
My postcard is a collage of some of the information I found.
TASTING NOTES: This is a really easy dessert to make. Can it be made with skim milk? I have no idea. Half and half? Probably. I have a philosophy about desserts like this-- indulge, enjoy, but don't do this every day. To me, Panna Cotta is defined as "cooked cream" for a reason. If you have success with skim milk, please let me know. As for flavor-- I loved it. The citrus flavor was very mild....subtle. You knew you were eating orange, but it didn't overpower the flavor. I am a big fan of custard desserts, and this is very creamy without being too rich. If you don't have orange flower water, add vanilla. I love eating Panna Cotta with a fruit coulis sauce. But this is very refreshing. I'll have to experiment with a lemon-scented version.
I’ve been burned and hung and stoned and drowned.
The promise Peter gave to the crowd is the same he gives to us: through faith in the name of Jesus, we can be made strong again.
So the next time you’re lucky enough to share a table with the object of your affection make sure you pay two things that night…attention to each other…and of course, the bill!
The Rover
As I went from one stall to another, I managed to take a picture of this fish, the local Malays called it “Ikan Ayam-ayam” which literally means “Chicken fish” …hehee… not that it looks like a chicken but rather the flesh of this particular fish taste like a chicken…. hmm I really have no idea what it’s called in English though, sorry!
Elvis books to avoid
Fun fun weekend in store for the family!! Tonight we'll be at my daughter's high school for Friday night football!! Just wish the team was alittle better, but oh well. It is fun watching the teenagers - none of them watch the game because they are so busy socializing!!
To our primo Picnik Premium members, we'll begin processing a full refund of your current membership fee within a week of this announcement. By "in full" we mean the whole darn thing. Yep, this means even if you are on your very last day of an annual membership, we will refund you the entire $24.95. Just because we want to say thanks.
So – back on track.
Dinner is normally rice and veggies served with tofu or tempeh – and sometimes fresh fish caught that day by the owner, Alex. They serve a peanut-based sauce on the side that is rich and creamy. I need to get the recipe! Of course there is dessert every night. The first night it was a slightly sweet gelatin cake. Not really all that tasty, but I figured it would end up saving me a few calories on this trip. But the next night, dessert was fried bananas covered in honey. Oh heaven!
07) Party In Paris (Promo Video)
Have a great day! Amy
“Today is a major test case for basic freedoms in Malaysia, starting with the right to peacefully march and assemble,” Human Rights Watch said in a statement.
Such was the feeling of under-whelmment (yes, I just made up that word and I hope to trademark it soon) we all had when we entered…
In each of the four cases before me the infringement consists of the unauthorised use by the defendant of the claimant's name and/or one or more of the claimant's marks or logos. In many trade mark cases the infringer's use of the infringing mark will lead to sales of the relevant goods which are lost to the claimant. In such a case damages can be calculated by assessing the profit lost as a result of losing those sales. In these cases however the claimant's business does not work in that way and the defendants have not caused that sort of loss to the claimant.
“How are you?” he said. “Do you live around here now?” Our train had stopped, and he gestured for me to step onto the platform ahead of him. I told him yes, I lived in San Francisco but commuted to my publishing job on the peninsula. He lived in Mountain View but was heading to Millbrae to tutor a student. Did I want to get a beer?
Really George, what a brilliant synopsis. The problem is that you are either lacking the knowledge or guts to actually call it what it is, Islamic terrorism. You have now joined ranks with Clueless McChrystal. With "leaders' like this, we will never win this war. Our brave troops deserve so much better.
Oh, and go read Where the Wild Things Are. Out loud. With feeling.
Choosing outfits to wear to weddings can be such a minefield. The rules change for every country, across cultures, between climates and whether the tone of the wedding is formal or informal. It can also be expensive! After reading a post by Courtney on her blog Those Graces, where she showed how quickly the budget can be blown in accessorising an outfit for a wedding, I resolved not to fall into the same trap in the run up to my brother's wedding. I mean a flight to Australia is budget unfriendly in itself!
Is there something about “fast” people that make them particularly inappropriate for college academics?
We stayed in nearby Bellingham at the Riverdale Hall Country House Hotel. That was nice if a bit pricey. Food and service were excellent.
Last Night with Jon Stewart on Mitt Romney + Herman Cain Stephen Colbert – Colbert Nation – Steve Doocy of FoxNews Sanford Fl Commissioners Reject Resignation of Police Chief 3-2 (2 blacks on commission) The Daily Scoop: Who's Mitt beholden to? Here's Your Problem: You're Not Devious Enough Will Obama Legalize Marijuana If He Wins Reelection?
Six UK soldiers have been killed in southern Afghanistan when their vehicle was hit by an explosion, taking the British military death toll to 404.
Rear-Admirals. One-—Ditto—Ditto.
Then, with our snazzy new Mickey ears and Wednesday’s Jack Skellington doll, we walked back to our hotel.
2) I'm needing a home for the William Kotzwinkle novel "Hermes 3000". Don't break the chain: send me an e-mail with your address (to duffymoon -at- gmail dot com) and into the mail it shall go on its way to you.
"...a little woman walking all alone with a desperate indifference to what was happening around her; nobody noticed her, she noticed nobody; she was desolately alone in the unknown crowd shoving her, passing her by, heedless and hostile, leaving her to drown in the deep flood of the Avenue (5th), inside that sea she was following, inside the wind beginning to blow."
It's only you that can decide what life you're gonna get
My nasally-toned answers to her questions became monosyllabic. After a while she waved a hand grandly towards a large gilt-framed picture propped up on a chair -"'talk to me about this painting Sharon. Describe to me what you see. Tell me what it makes you think of". At that point I think we both knew we were wasting our time.
I've tried various things over the past few years to keep the TV watching in my house to a minimum, some more successful than others. For a while I had the rule no TV before 5pm because I realised if it went on early in the day it quiet often wouldn't get turned off till bedtime and that equalled a lot of TV watching each day. Then I realised that TV watching before bedtime was causing problems so I tried to restrict it to late afternoon and it had to go off at dinnertime or when the sun went down, whatever came first. Whatever I tried though the TV would always creep back into our lives, monopilising Iris's time, causing meltdowns and leaving her tired from lack of activity
9. Just Wanna Make Love To You (Dixon) 4:05
THE SHABBY TEA ROOM WINNER - Week #2:
Eventually a friend, Joo Hwan, (Dae-han Ji) bails him out and he and Dae Su stop at a pay phone to call his daughter and tell her he has a gift for her birthday. Joo Hwan asks for the phone to wish the little girl a happy birthday as well. While Joo Hwan talks, Dae Su wanders off. Joo Hwan assumes he's playing games, but we see the angel wings in the street. We next find Dae Su confined at an undetermined location reaching his hand out of a small hatch in a door pleading with his captor to explain something to him, threatening, and asking to be let out. The inside of his cell looks like a hotel room. He wonders in voice over. "If they had told me I was going to be locked up for 15 years, would it have been any easier to endure, or would it have been harder?" We see Dae Su with his hair overgrown and unshaven looking like a completely different person. He explains that his captors play the same music every night before gassing his room to put him to sleep. "I found out later that it's the same valium gas Russian soldiers used on the Checyen terrorists." While he sleeps they cut his hair and clean up the room. He remarks "They're gracious bastards." Dae Su spends much of his time watching television. He learns that his wife has been killed while he's been confined and that he is the prime suspect. Police also claim that he took a photo album from the house before disappearing.
Soon he was plummeting earthwards.
Pour into a hot sterilized jar and seal with a lid. Leave to cool then store in the fridge. Serve as a side with curries or samosas or as a gorgeous addition to a cheese board..
Spelling lesson aside, lets get started! The skirt I'm making in this tutorial is going to be an 8 paneled circle skirt. First step is making the template. I use this site to figure out the measurements I need, but there are other sites out there that give you the formula if you want to figure it out yourself. The measurements for the skirt I'm making (for my 2T sized daughter) were 3.5 inches for A, and 10 inches for B.
Where dandelions grow
This present darkness is here and now. What will you do to be a part of God’s Army?
If your yard is overgrown with weeds. Clear out and treat the weeds in the yard. Remember the best time to treat weeds is not before rain or during wind. Don’t forget the lawn weeds. April is the time for the summer grass to start growing and weeds will be with that.
And their conclusion?
The other 45 prefectures presented gamma dose rates of below 0.1 μSv/h, falling within the local natural background range.
I was a bit sad at first to board the plane and begin the long journey back home to New Hampshire. However, during the long flights, I thought about the place that waited for me, I thought of my home. What is it like?
One point to note is that I suffer from hormonal acne, which means my hormones are unbalanced and therefore causing acne. I’ve been on medication for about a year, and most times it helps keep my acne problem under control. But there sometimes, due to stress or that time of the month, I still get acne that comes and goes. I started using this cleanser mostly for the kitschy factor or liquid-to-foam. But I’ve come to like it very much, and am quite sorry that I no longer see this in local Etude House stores.
88. If the population of China walked past you in single file, the line would never end because of the rate of reproduction.
Along with the chart and the canvas you get the following threads and beads: Access Commodities Accentuate and Bijoux; Rainbow Gallery Crystal Braid, Neon Rays, Treasure Braid Petite, Very Velvet Petite, Silk Lame Braid, Splendor, and Sparkle! Braid; Gloriana silk floss; Gumnuts Stars; Kreinik #4 and #8 Braid; Thread Gatherer Silk 'N Colors; Miyuki Rocailles Beads; Mill Hill seed beads; twisted bugle beads; and 240 bicone crystals!
According to The Wrap, there is a movement afoot to nominate this season's sidekick who plays the faithful four-legged companion to silent film star George Valentin (played by actor Jean Dujardin). An Oscar campaign has been mounted on the website Consider Uggie and the little guy even has his on twitter and Facebook campaign to support the cause. Can't blame a dog for trying. And as the campaign points out, Uggie is eight years old and you know what they say about age in Hollywood...it's either now or never.
On Day 5 post-free, we watch to be sure the book is dropping rank by comparing sales during the past 24 hours with the previous 24-hour period. Be sure you're comparing 24-hour periods and not days in general. Part of Amazon's ranking algorithm appears to be based on sales velocity during that past 24 hours. So a rank at 2:00 PM takes into account the number of sales from 2:00 pm the day before to 2:00 pm that day.
Uuuuuugh, HOW CAN THEY MAKE A MAIN CHARACTER THIS UNLIKABLE. He has a dream in which his two hot female friends explicitly want his dick and apparently that’s a nightmare and it makes him cry. He’s so beta he’s the furthest rank away from being king of the betas. But seriously, such a bad episode – aside from his insufferable whininess, you have black-haired-girl confessing her love for him which I’d like to point out is completely fucking stupid and unbelievable and terrible and then she nearly sacrifices herself to save him using magic or something. Bah, it was hard not to drop it halfway through the episode and I was SO prepared to drop this shit BUT then the last two minutes just had to be interesting and good enough for me to want to genuinely see the next episode. UGH.
And if the picture is a book’s cover, well, you know what they say about not judging a book by its cover. But let it not stop you from imagining the story even if you aren’t given to judging it by the cover.
It starts at our…
“The Marchpast of Flesh.”
a package had fallen behind dad’s oat bran cereal.
However I look at it, I'm doing it. I'm really doing it. I am taking that dreaded first step. Today really is that first step towards my brewery future. Wish me luck.
Cook, without stirring, until the patty is lightly browned. Once browned, flip the patty over with your spatula, and continue cooking until the turkey is browned on both sides—well-done, but not dried out.
I had a leisurely stroll through Brookfield Zoo while the animals were lulling around in the sun resting. The animals were oblivious to people peering at them and trying to get their attention.
this is the penultimate post in the Back to School Series and i for one didn't have a clue how to approach it, cos i didn't want to offend anyone by ruling out the way they dress lol then i realised, i can pretty much aim it towards the majority and hope that you guys can take whatever you learn here and apply it to yourselves.
Lesson learned.
On the other side. Steve was very emotional. He was going to cry any moment from now but the drive to rescue Alice stopped him from bursting into tears. Out of his thoughts he heard something. He said, “Stop! I hear something.”
The figure bellow illustrates the variance between “export” and “import” of water. The major production of water by Ethiopia – but low capture of the resources – is contrasted with Egypt’s low internal renewable resources. This marks the nature of dependence on water from upstream catchment to downstream states in the Nile Basin. It goes a long way towards illustrating the reason the Egyptian claim on historic or acquired rights to the waters became its main stated position on the Nile waters for so long.
I hope I find the right socialite/ hot rich, politically incorrect snobby lady to rescue in the process. Maybe this is a project that could grab my attention. "bout time
Film maker Daniel Myrick notes that "Boggy Creek" was the main influence for his film, "The Blair Witch Project."
Wheat Grass*
I was SO happy that The Arts Decoratifs was open today on a bank holiday:) I was so busy yesterday and had no idea that today was a national holiday in France...!!! ohlalala. Marc Jacobs and his exhibit at this wonderful place was one of my main reasons to come to Paris... so Merci to France!!
In this post I'll show you another great product from Sula's 2012 Spring Playfully Pretty line. These are their Natural Lipsticks, and I have three shades to share with you. They are a really nice formula, going on with great pigmentation and feeling comfortable on the lips.
Locals still ask me about it! Seeing all the journals together was magical, I imagined them all having conversations with each other when the lights were out for the evening, telling their stories of travel.
His senior year, 1983, Aguirre absolutely dominated the race. At the top of the first hill, he was dead last. He told us (my team at the meet) he was going to do this. He wanted to pass each and every runner. I was shocked when he went by me. He wasn't last long and took the lead at the 1st mile, he then backed off to save for the end. At the 2 mile mark he raced by Tony Martinez (SA Churchill) and Augie Flores (SA Burbank) and ran that last mile 25 seconds faster than anyone else as he defeated Martinez by that margin!! Tony (who later ran for Rice) was no jogger, he had a 9:02 3200 to his name.
(This is NOT AB's recipe)
Pretending the problem is not there is tantamount to a criminal offence and the faster there is action, the better things will be. A czar to get the people to agree will bring about a certain calmness and collective boost to production and productivity in every sector and area of national development.
To create the beautiful embossing on my cover, I used Spellbinders M-Bossabilities EL-002 Regal Side B in my Spellbinders Grand Calibur® Die Cutting Machine (Don't forget that Grand Raspberry Plate). SANDWICH (fm: bottom up): A Base Plate, M-Bossabilities Folder w/ cardstock, Grand Raspberry Plate). Sand the embossed Core'dinations cardstock to highlight even more and cut/embossed with LF-168 Grand Large Labels die. I also cut/embossed with cereal thin chipboard as backing for the covers
Long time no post! Summer came slow for Seattle this year, but we managed to get a couple weeks of 80 degree weather. My husband and I spent these last few weeks moving our bedroom upstairs and my sewing room downstairs, putting together new Ikea furniture (you know how long that can take), along with a late spring cleaning to make room for the baby! It's been very busy, and because of the move I've been without a crafting room. I had a little crafting setup in my dining room, but I didn't get around to sewing with all the moving around. Things are slowly coming together though! My next project is to get my new crafting space organized - I don't know about you, but I can't craft when things are disheveled and out of place. An organized crafting area gets my creative juices flowing. :)
‘O upon easy sunshine, deception.’
I continued my Strop with renewed Force.
“Hey, at least it won’t hurt if I step on your foot,” I said.
Lured – 1
Tapper: ah
a week or so into the new year, my mom and i headed down south for a little shopping and lunching with bonzo. we stumbled into baby gap at some point along the way and she treated "ours new baby" – as the baby is now referred to – to a few cute morsels. i tucked them into my dresser and everyday i get a little giddy when i open the drawer and see them. bonzo's enjoyed toting them around and holding them in his arms like they're ours baby – complete with "ohhhhhhhhhhh, baby."
You can create Twitter or Facebook pages for your own real estate properties or agencies. You’ll be able to tweet or post new property information, promotions and real estate and home improvement tips.
But mostly, I think I enjoy shopping more these days. I like the experience of being in my little corner grocery stores. I like knowing the people that run them and seeing the same faces. How the people help you pack your tote bags comfortably because they understand you have to walk home with these groceries. And if one store doesn't have what I need, I walk a block to the next one. Imagine that... I walk! Not something a little gal from the 'burbs was used to doing. (I remember being in Paris and going to the boulangerie on the corner, and the cheese shop in the next block and of course the patisserie as well. I loved the nearby street market on Blvd. Raspail and watching people shop for their daily needs from vendors they knew well. It's a very different experience than loading up at a Safeway and befriending the check-out girl.)
And I felt Ravir touch me,
Crime: Isolated stems that have collapsed for no apparent reason
January started the way December had finished; in some pub or other having a beer. This time, I was in The Bon Accord in Glasgow for the cask launch of two BrewDog beers; their Alice Porter and their new 'improved' 5.4% abv Punk IPA. It was the last time that I was to have BrewDog cask. Haven't seen it since, won't see it again as they have announced that it is cask no more from the Fraserburgh brewing upstarts turned 'national treasures'. Which is a shame as they used to make such nice beers.
Now I've cut countless regular citizens breaks on infractions over the years, but I don't ever recall one of them showing up to help us out when we needed it; I've never had a regular citizen pull up on one of my traffic stops and offer me back-up, or respond and jump in when I'm in a fight. But this sergeant had no problem pitching in to help us out, and he did so without being asked, just like lots of other officers have done over the years and like many more will continue to do. When the chips are down, most cops around here don't care about the color of the shirt or the logo on the car of the officer who needs help--they all respond and help take care of business. We're a family and we're all on the same team even though we're on different departments, and we all share the risks when one of the family needs a hand.
Why fuck with perfection?
Day seven: Ho Lee Crap! Just came up with THE BEST idea in the freakin' world! Where is my laptop?? I must type it all out before it zaps out of my head!
-- and another cruiser dinghy's over to tell you about the great snorkeling
Concerned faces,
Goddard says the band originally attempted this in July 1984, several months prior to the main Meat Is Murder sessions. The very first July 1984 take stretched to nearly 7 minutes long, was much more rough/ready, and much more skiffle/rockabilly than the final MIM track. Moz's vocal is really rough around the edges, it doesn't sound like he's fully worked out the melody or his phrasing, and the lyric itself isn't as tight as it would become. Based on this it can only be assumed the version here is the very same first take mentioned by Goddard. I absolutely adore Marr's unique electric guitar playing on this version; it's got a nice "crunch" that adds a lot to this track that is missing on all other attempts.
Riggs also discusses Hopi Indian beliefs about ghost lights and the travels of nature spirits between various dimensions in and around the Earth.
L-3 Communications Holdings, Inc., Alternative Energy, Deals By Sector, 2006 to YTD 2012 7
When I go to the beach, I really want to lie there on the sand for a while and READ A FREAKING BOOK. Then I want to SWIM, and not stand there as a lifeguard. When I'm done swimming, I want to dry off and not wear my bathing suit any longer, eat a nice meal that is not called HOT DOG, and I want it with a COCKTAIL, and finally, I want to conclude my day by poking leisurely through the little shops that are near the beach.
Should I continue to fight? … I been getting beat through this whole ordeal and now my baby’s mom is giving me a way out.
Here are some of the reviews I found on yelp. I really think the bad reviews are people from other pizza establishments trying to tarnish the good name that is DiCarlo’s. Yeah, that’s it.
xxxCate
The Lords out of steam!
If life is a highway, it certainly isn't straight and flat. It's a winding road with many peaks and valleys. Case in point? My last three days: On Sunday afternoon, I was poolside with my husband and two of my dearest friends, basking in the sun, feeling incredulous at the blessings in my life. On Sunday evening, I tossed back a few G & T's, which convinced me to dance at the piano bar near the karaoke microphone. A stranger, innocently assuming that "dancing near the microphone" meant "open to singing", handed me the microphone for a line of her song. I gave it my all for a few bars of a song I didn't know. She immediately took it back. No hard feelings, sassy brunette lady from The Alley in Berkeley.
* 3 violent murders this week.
According to a local report, power and phone lines are down in Pandang and several other parts of Indonesia.
3. What is you most guilty pleasure?
The people who influence us the most are not those who detain us with their continual talk, but those who live their lives like the stars in the sky and “the lilies of the field”— simply and unaffectedly. Those are the lives that mold and shape us.
A character integral to The Avengers, Nick Fury, was brought to screens in 1990 in a television movie titled Nick Fury: Agent Of Shield. It starred David Hasslehoff as a retired Nick Fury, who is brought out of retirement to stop terrorist organisation Hydra from releasing a virus that will destroy America. Being a television movie, it suffered from budget limitations and the casting of many televison actors that gave clichéd performances, but still managed to find a small audience, most likely loyal to Hasslehoff and who were glad to see a (somewhat) faithful portrayal of Fury brought to the screen.
At Lauds the antiphons O magnam pietatis opus etc are sung with the Dominical psalms (Pss. 92, 99, 62, Benedicite & 148). After the collect of the day a commemoration is sung of SS Alexander etc.
Fears about the security of cloud computing are exaggerated, Federal Chief Information Officer Vivek Kundra said at a forum on Capitol Hill last week.
The other curiosity is that, in searching for the original Fulford, we have a theory that Michael Cottrell, the real one anyway, is an agent of the Rothschilds and may have been behind the Dec. 13, 2011 abduction of Benny Fulford — the “I was at a stream” story is bogus, when the original story was that he had been arrested by the CIA and members of the White Dragons negotiated his release. What the White Dragons did not know at the time was that a clone was handed to their custody, not the original. At the time, the White Dragons were unaware cloning technology and trickery was at play here.
Anne Tyler's Saint Maybe ... Hallmark Channel ... 6 AM
Normally, I would not leave out part of a scripture passage, however in this instance it’s helpful because Paul’s prayer here is rather lengthy.
Ace gives Nathan Israel his orders – only we don’t see or hear them. He’s off to meet with Mike Smythe on the yacht. Nathan is soon being introduced to Mike’s partners. Mike knows that Ace is probably planning some kind of payback. So he attempts to get the upper hand by turning Israel.
I ate this on Friday night as "carb-loading" for my Saturday trail run.
You! Yes, you! So you know a librarian? And you like stereotypes? And you want to buy them something for Christmas that fits in nicely to that stereotype?*
this is so good...
3/10
LapTrap Kirkovitch is a Daredevil, Nurturing, Eccentric Heavy Sleeper who Hates the Outdooors. His lifetime wish is to be a Monster Maker (make three creatures, such as Simbots), and he likes rockabilly music, French toast, and the color spiceberry.
I pray that __________ will gain a firm understanding of her secure position in Jesus Christ. Grant her the assurance of salvation. I pray that she would know that she has believed in Christ and received his salvation (1 John 5:13)
Us: You have tons of passion for wildlife that is great! Wild animals are known to be difficult subjects to shoot, because they aren’t on your schedule. You have to have a ton of patience. What has been one of your most difficult shoots?
But when I do, like today while taking the dog for a walk in the pouring rain, I look like that. Add a flash and you get that startled I didn't do what you just think I did-look.
Stay alert!
The meat chickens are also elevated and in a bin that floats if necessary (that is what we did with them last year, too. We just floated them up to the house)
04-10-2012
As for the food - we weren't about to waste a course on salads, so we both went for the Clam Chowder. This soup really highlighted how different Lindyhopper and I are (and still able to be friends for this long - love it!) - we both noted how there were "so many clams" in the soup, but for Lindyhopper this really meant "too many clams" while for me that's what made the soup wonderful (are you crazy Lindyhopper? You can never have too many clams!)
As I wandered downtown I found these interesting creations that I absolutely adore!
Many artists were represented, but if I had to describe a particular commonality between the artwork, I'd say it was heavy on hard lines, colors and graphics. And images like that are particularly inspiring to me... I want to turn the hard edges of designs into soft, wonky stitches onto fabric.
Most of my life, I just went about my business, unaware of the stars and their language. It so happened, I had the opportunity to have "a chart" done. Twice, by two different individuals. These charts were done, probably, five years apart, or more... perhaps eight? Both of them were astonishingly "right on it". It seems that my coming into this lifetime has been, mostly, to learn how to communicate. Trust me, when I say, communication has been the most difficult thing that "I am still learning". It seems it never ends. To add to that, my recent position of Tour Guide has maximized this tool in my life. I've finally arrived! At least to a decent level?
He handed me a pretty little velvet blindfold trimmed along the sides with lace. I examined it for a moment in my hands. It was soft to touch and quite light weight. The parts which actually covered the eyes were made of purple velvet and were slightly padded. I put it on and started to tie it up.
Last summer, this industrious duo started growing veggies in their backyard and selling them at a front yard stand. But this wasn’t for their bubblegum fund. The money they raised went to youth charities, because Oliver had recently discovered that lots of kids don’t have the advantages he does. People in the neighbourhood loved it, and the family earned nearly $700 over the growing season to donate.
A perfect circle was carved out of the glass.
1 straight
In a fit of reckless I-can-do-anything-ness I invited my sister, brother-in-law and their two children as well. For a moment I forgot that ABI (aquired brain injury) is not a matter of pushing through and getting on with it..
Live Satellite Interview Opportunity From Aruba’s Women Riders Event, Karen Davidson, Great-Granddaughter of Co-Founder William Davidson, Will Be Available to Discuss the Empowerment of Women Riders Today
Anyhow, I knew Miss F would approve. And guess who was signed up for snack at the first meeting of the new year? The Spaz. You can see where I'm going with this.
SmartWatch can switch from displaying time to acting as a touchscreen interface for smartphone information.
Had Judge Goldstone actually come out with a full blown, honest apology, it would not have changed any of that, but it might have been the start of his own personal redemption.
Nope, because I'm one of those insane people who would have to spend several hours cleaning my house before the service showed up. I wouldn't want them thinking I'm a slob or anything!
Pursuant to Section 13, Article VIII of the Constitution, I certify that the conclusions in the above Decision had been reached in consultation before the case was assigned to the writer of the opinion of the Court.
But wait… What's this…?
This was a fun workshop and the possiblities are endless! Brigitta is carrying on her Grandmother, Jane Olson’s Rug Hooking business; the patterns, McClain swatches, supplies, etc. check in with her at Green Valley Rug Hooking.
So when EDWG were invited to participate in the Kirkdale Pop Up, I offered to run a workshop on the group's behalf. I wanted to design a session that would appeal to all writers: fiction and non-fiction, novelists, short story writers, poets. I also wanted to aim it at as broad an audience as possible, to attract people at any stage in their writing career, from absolute beginners to more experienced writers looking for some company and to stretch their authorial muscles.
And walked among the lowest of the dead.)
The butterfly was printed on vellum and the flowers dry embossed as in parchment carft.
Zion must be fuming, must be hopping mad, that is unless it was part of the plan anyway, after all nationalism has been dealt a bloody nose in the recent elections and I expect the hooligan behaviours of the ZDL/EDL played no small part. Yet it seems that for now the ZDL/EDL’s ability to harness anger for Zion is somewhat muted ,just a little inhibited although the owned press hold the real power and their website serving as simply a meeting place for the already or nearly converted. Yet Zion has infiltrated almost all aspects of the right, from the purported far right to of course the conservatives, the Tories, British politics little Israeli firsters.
Put the roast into a pan and drizzle with a cup of honey and 1 1/2 cups apple cider. Slice up two onions and scatter those around the sides of the pork.
Each month on the Creative Inspirations Blog, entrants to the weekly challenge have a chance to win a selection of paints. There is no requirement for using the paints in your entries, however, if you 'do', and list the colour names, your name will go into the draw twice.
* Talk in a made-up language
We were stopped by a couple of staff, to take our complimentary entrance family photo (I really do hate how they say complimentary when you really have paid for it!) and I had to ask one of them...'Is the bird sound real or is it filtered through?' They both look dumbfounded at me...'Yeah, it's real, we have an avery!' I felt stupid for asking it, but could understand why Pickle thought it was fake, as it was so loud and so many different bird calls!
MS: Definitely, because he was aware of his position in society. Also, he was an outsider, which is why people think of his work as difficult and fantastic. People blame him for not pursuing fame, but he had decided not to, because of his life experience. Less loud voices can have more impact, over time.
And so we have this melding of memoir and fiction. How much of it is either of those two things is impossible to tell, although the vast majority of what we read would seem to be based very much in fact. Ignoring the sensation with which the books are accompanied (and given that most of that comes from his writing about his ex-wife who barely merits a mention in this first volume) what we seem to have at the beginning is a writer writing about the process of writing, whilst we read what he has written. But Knausgaard the writer drops away from the foreground and what we have really is Knausgaard the rememberer. Looking back on an adolescence of experiment with drink (alcohol looms large in the book as a whole and the contrast between the youthful excitement around it and the degradation it causes in later life is sharp), fumbles with girls, embarrassing attempts at making music, there is something a bit directionless about the first half of the book. One thing I did pick up on was the way the adult Knausgaard is now able to appreciate when looking back to his childhood how different his days were to his father's.
The next day has come and gone. There was no repairman and no hard drive. I’ll give him credit in that he might have forgotten that the next day was Saturday and perhaps a day off. I’ll give him some time Monday and if he doesn’t show, I will definitely call his boss and see what’s going on because right now it seems that nothing’s going on except we’re minus one hard drive. I’m waiting in frenzied anticipation.
Our part-time work-force has also increased in the US:
“Not a lace curtain to hang between them, they were the faithful who kept the flame of Irish Republicanism alive in the back rooms of smoky pubs at Sunday evening socials throbbing with the music of accordions, fiddles and banjos.
The funeral and internment will take place today at three o’clock at the old Camp ground cemetery near Morven. Mr. Campbell was a devoted member of the Methodist church and a prominent Mason. – Quitman Free Press.
Over coffees and sweets and late lunches
She got biggest response from the crowd with her hitsong American Boy. She explained that American Boy is her happiest song. But she isn’t happy every day and she can’t sing American Boy on demand.
In October 2010, OK Magazine launched an ipad app which allowed readers to download an replica of the print edition. Since the app was launched a number of other popular consumer magazines have quickly followed their lead including Company and Elle.
Growing in God and growing in knowledge about Him is two different terms. We can master information all day but do you have a real relationship with Him? Be pleasing to God and not your flesh or your need to please others. Seek Him, have a relationship with Him daily. Thank Him for everything!
In the past, I have felt more generalized pressure, as if my head is in a gentle vise. One man related that his hair stood on end and his body was covered with goosebumps.
Russ: “No, I don’t.”
And you know, I don't want to be protected from the culture, frankly. It is our world, our mission field. Filled with hurting and hungry souls desperate for the love that does not disappoint.
Black Dog
Copeland Borough Council can be emailed at info@copeland.gov.uk or called on 0845 054 8600.
This challenge ends at Midnight, April 8th (Mountain Time).
I still remember us singing together, "In the Year 2525" and laughing about the lyrics. We also sang it into the telephone for crank calls, which of course, you can't make any more. (The kids have no idea what they're missing.)
How do you print these babies? On paper. Haha. Actually, any paper you like will do (well, not computer paper!) but I recommend mailing labels. Weatherproof ones are much more durable, so go for those. You can also just print on a thick cardstock and use as is, or laminate for extra durability (post to come!)!
For the benefit of Christians who have fallen for this nonsense here is a quote from a true defender of Christianity:
I’m looking from horizons of the sea
Thank You, Father!
Mr Coulson: I think every reporter knew that they had to work within the PCC Code. The PCC Code is very clear about the public interest defence. On that basis I felt that it was covered.
As always thank you for stopping bye and leaving such lovely comments, have a great weekend.
There were just a few things that didn't work for me, most of which are entirely personal choices, so they aren't worth mentioning, but one that is would be the structure of the book. The story is told fine, but the chapters seem constructed oddly, at times. One chapter was only a few pages long. In addition, there are scene breaks quite often, which can be jarring. I've seen this before in Siren's books and question what kind of editors they have there, but just as with the other Siren mention, don't let this scare you away. The author tells a good story. She just deserves a better publisher, in my humble opinion.
(An aside: it is, I think, no accident that Greg Rucka's – and for that matter Ed Brubaker's and Brian Michael Bendis' – best comics work is also that work which is owned by him/them, i.e. work not done on corporately owned characters like Batman or Superman. One can't in all good conscience criticize these writers too much for working on superhero comics; it's pretty much the only way to make any money in American comics these days, and I'm sure they write the best superhero comics they're capable of. And in a sense, I'm happy to buy superhero comics written by the likes of Rucka and Brubaker if it helps fund the creation of lower-selling work like Queen & Country or Criminal. But I'm in no doubt that even their very best superhero work still isn't a patch on their creator-owned work, and I'd further hazard these writers put a lot more effort into their creator-owned work and probably find it more satisfying too.)
Stretch your arms out really far.
The activation roll is mainly my first try to make it more enjoyable to solitaire play. When I play solo, I apply the activation roll to either both armies or just one, and add a bit of uncertainty to the battle. Other mechanisms would be needed to make it more enjoyable, and I’m working on that.
They claim to be trying to save us from ourselves, by simultaneously discouraging the use of tobacco while using the revenue derived from the sale of tobacco to keep themselves employed and ensure that tobacco is never outlawed completely. They couldn't afford it.
‘Having had a completely normal and relatively easy birth with my first child, it came as something of a shock to discover at 36 weeks that my second baby was firmly stuck in breech position and that the hospital’s policy in such cases was to recommend an elective CS. While the consultant was keen to stress the advantages of this (absolute safety for the baby and less “discomfort” for me), he was also willing to support me if I wanted to try for a spontaneous vaginal delivery. However, the baby would be closely monitored throughout labour and signs of foetal distress would mean an emergency CS under general anaesthetic — he rated my chances of achieving a ‘normal’ delivery at no more than 50 per cent.
The torte was seriously great with each component a poem in itself and I was actually pretty proud of my execution as even those who usually never eat cakes took a slice of it at the get together. Who doesnt like to hear others gushing about their hard work :)
Prologue: Ord Mantell – Republic Start Planet – Level 1-10 (Trooper / Smuggler)
And if you’re really, really, really excited about getting rock bottom priced plane tickets, Yapta will send you real-time alerts to your iPhone.
6) Combine squash with the pignolis, bread crumbs, and salt and pepper to taste. Put in a shallow 8"x8" (or approximate) baking dish that you've sprayed a little cooking spray on.
For of no right, nor colour like to right,
We haven't seen the bunny for a while, and the piggy disappeared last week during the packing-up for the kitchen renovation.
Chapter Eleven closes the book by listing 14 Leading indicators that reflect whether America is effectively leading the world, such as the prevalence of freedom in the world, a national security assessment, relative productivity, and national debt.
Jay has been handy man around the house these days. He's been building us a pantry (this house never had one). It will be soooooo nice to have a pantry! He's been working hard and it's almost done! He continues to stay busy at work, then to help hold the house together while I've been sludging through the 1st trimester. Now that I'm starting to feel better, I can start pulling my weight again around the house! ;) Jay is such a great husband and father. I love seeing him play baseball with Eli or reading a book to Jadyn. Love it!
Lisa and the Ryk, the owners are lovely people whom I met when Lisa organised a fundraising concert for ShelterBox (Lisa and her singing friends raised over $3500!)
That's all from me for today - Enjoy your Friday!!
by a moon-chipped sickle,
7:10 Big Dog Moe bounds down the hall and into the kitchen. I plant a kiss on his nose and my bare feet pad across the tile floor to pick up his bowl and take his pills, one by one, out of their bottles, covering them with a bit of soft cheese on top of his food. I find these early morning moments satisfying, holy even. The feeding of each of ten animals, my senior dogs given their medications, the parrots get kisses, my tiny treasures, the baby parakeets, come to life tweeting joyfully when they are uncovered, and Big Bird Flounder, with a beak the size of Texas, hurls himself into my arms as I rub and cuddle and kiss him. With me he is a sweet baby, though scary to most other people due to his size. I hold him like a baby in my arms and burrow my face into red feathers. He whistles and tells me Good Morning and hops onto my shoulder to help me with the morning chores. He talks to the little parrots as I wash and fill their bowls with fresh water, seeds, cooked beans and sprouts and chopped greens, and finally, with the big parrot on his play stand eating his breakfast I go back to the bedroom and pick up a sleepy pug, snuggling him in my arms.
We normally have plenty of snow for Christmas and that's what I thought we would have at the time that I made this page. Nope, none was to be had. It was a sunny day and about -3C, but no snow in Stockholm.
“President Obama will also reportedly address some of the financial issues surrounding the crisis, including the establishment of an escrow fund. These resources should be used to help the victims of this disaster, and not as a slush fund for trial lawyers or Administration officials seeking to paper over their own misguided decisions. BP should be held accountable for the full cost of this disaster – the taxpayers shouldn’t pay one dime – but that money must be directed to where it can be most effective in stopping this leak and aiding the recovery effort.
Author: Ruth Warburton
With all that said, a eulogy:
aven: weighs 39lbs, which is in the 96th percentile. she is 3'6", which is in the 100th percentile.
Example: Expert: “The Tampa-2 is predicated on a middle linebacker with the ability to drop back and cover the middle of the field, preferably 12-18 yards downfield.” You: “Uh, excuse me Professor Brainiac, I think I know how a proton accelerator works.”
Well, not only is HMS Ark Royal to be scrapped but the Fleet Air Arm as well. In the meantime, the BBC has learned that "at least one" of the new carriers will be redesigned so that it can deploy normal fighter aircraft that do not need a Harrier-style vertical lift capability.
Getting into biking can be daunting. If you don’t currently own a good bike, Craigslist is your friend! Try to find a used road bike that has been fixed up recently! I bought a bike from 2005 that had about 360 miles on it (Crazy! Thats basically brand new!) which retailed for over $2000 and I picked it up for $600 including about $200 worth of gear. I can honestly say, it’s one of the best deals I’ve ever gotten! You want to do your research before you go out and buy a bike though. There is a wealth of knowledge on the internet and honestly, I’ve learned pretty much everything I know from the internet. One of the best places to learn some basics about bike commuting (which can be applied to biking for errands and such) is 900mpg. The author also makes a fairly convincing case for ditching your car completely!
Shelving up.
i accept people comment on me, i know i can be humble or i can be arrogant, to certain group, i am humble people, to others, i maybe arrogant..when someone think i am arrogant, will someone notice my humble?
Yup! Typical teen boy. Give as little detail as possible but still able to instill some amount of panic. No luggage? I had this bad thought yesterday when I saw the ticket agents handing out these bright yellow tags that said "group" on them....you know, "so your luggage will be grouped together'. Perhaps they would have been better if some of them got their luggage then they could share things such as SUNBLOCK....
1But now those who are younger than I make sport of me; those whose fathers I would not have put with the dogs of my flocks.
Be sure to save the ham-bone for a delicious stock.
Our spirits dancing across the divide,
In that operation, which ran from 2009 to 2011, U.S. government agents lost track of many of the weapons. A congressional panel is investigating Operatio
A new born baby in the house can change the routine of all the adults in the same household.While everyone is adjusting to the needs of the little one , the mother is also pampered and taken care of.
come back on Monday to see another sneak peek at our new sets for May!! :) Don't forget to leave a comment here for your bonus chance to win one of our new releases!! You can click HERE to do our hop and have other chances to win too..
If you could learn to do anything, what would it be? The band wants to learn how to breathe underwater. Jesse explains, “We feel under water performances are a necessity among black spandex and Burger King.”
I was taking part in a private 'expert' roundtable with a particular company and some other folks.
Preheat oven to 325F.
Such sacrifices worship the All-Attractive Hari – who is the soul of all worshipable forms, and who expands the happiness of the worshipers. His desires are unfailing. He is the soul that is inside and outside of everything that moves and does not move; like the sky.
Spellbinders Label 25.
for the fourth of July, i went out to my parents’ house to spend time with ALL of my dad’s side of the family. we swam, cooked, talked, hung out. it was wonderful. i had the most amazing space to work in during the day, which made my cooking experience much more pleasant
Sullivan's Travels, Preston Sturges' pre-war masterpiece, concerns a movie director (Joel McCrea) who has tired of making light comedies and wants to make a film about the downtrodden forgotten man. So, like William Powell in My Man Godfrey, he goes incognito as a hobo, but finds that no matter what he does, he winds up back in Hollywood. Several plot twists later with the help of The Girl (Veronica Lake), Sullivan succeeds in becoming a hobo only to wind up on a chain gang serving time for manslaughter. Here, he learns the value of laughter and decides that possibly he has been contributing after all. Like any Sturges film, Sullivan's Travels is satiric and sharply observed, though this time the satire informs a powerful social message. Many regard this as Sturges' best film.
David Roads - rhythm guitar, backing vocals
Why my sudden obsession with germs?
When that hits the shelves, I'll be set.
It’s a crying shame because for a lot of people, writing is how they process things. I know after an hour of staring at the little “add new post” box, typing whatever rubbish comes into my head first, I’m usually feeling a lot calmer. For some who are perhaps very vulnerable and not considered able to keep themselves safe online, by all means take protective measures. I’ve been told by a lotlotlot of mental health professionals of the DANGERS OF THE INTERNET!!!11!1!1! Not that I’m old enough and ugly enough to take the advice of a registered charity website like Rethink, rather than Google “how can I cure schizophrenia with the process of photosynthesis”. And at risk of over-egging the pudding…. the Mind report into crisis care reveals damning evidence of the lack of good acute psychiatric care when people are at risk. But rather than, y’know, try and help people who are at risk of killing themselves, let’s demonise one of the few 24-hour avenues of emotional expression, support and understanding.
That's what I thought I needed anyway, DoctorDotty had a different opinion.
### radionz.co.nz Updated 19 minutes ago
Another essay, "Post-Christian Sisters", provides helpful background information for those unfamiliar with the contentious history of the LCWR. Carey notes that "the LCWR has had a stormy relationship with the Vatican for the past 40 years, and the LCWR has been very clear about its determination to 'transform' religious life as well as the Church itself." And:
hello dear friends and folks,
Working with J-Rockers and other Japanese Musicians
Does parenting give us the right to care? Yep. Does it give us the right to pry and comment when we are worried? Yep. Do we have to like it? Nope. But it’s just the way it is. You see, you can watch them grow up and move out and become independent, responsible adults, but at the end of the day, they’ll always be your babies in your heart. We try to step back, but when things seem to be problematic, the mom gear kicks in and it’s full speed ahead.
The English language is a bit like the Edinburgh Fringe. No-one actually organises the over-all thing, anyone can join in and it becomes all the more vibrant for it.
We are dark; He is Light
"Yeah, Dad, that would be cool."
A neverending depth of hurt
To finish the cake, remove the sponge from the tin and split into two. Slice off the top then turn the cake upside down so the top is the flattest surface. Sandwich the two halves together with a layer of butter cream.
Doing tricks to get treats
“Lord Jesus, you are my hope and salvation. May I trust you at all times and rely on your grace in times of testing and temptation. Let the fire of your Holy Spirit burn in my heart and fill me with a consuming love for you.”
Author: Irving Langer
Metallic ring with large turquoise stone, approximate size 5.5
-On 2.3.12 your mommy and daddy went on their first date night since you were born. Your Grandma and Grandpa came to the house and stayed with you. They had so much fun with you and couldn't get over how much you talked to them!
As I indicated above, H & M, the home of David Beckham Body Wear (a personal favorite H & M collection of mine), is actively engaging in the use of sustainable fabrics, including recycled polyester, organic cotton, recycled plastic and organic linen. These efforts, as published on H & M’s website, serve the environment in a variety of ways, including the saving of natural resources and the saving of energy in the clothing production process. H & M’s commitment to Sustainability, coupled with their Cause Marketing missions, certainly designate H & M as an ethical fashion retailer.
Currently media groups are focused on growth and expansion of their user bases (via their sites or social media channels), experimenting with forms of content and content sharing mechanisms and for some, the first phases of trying to monetise their online presence – all of which is impacted by social media.
This is its Continuation mechanism, which allows a servicing request thread to be detached from the request it is currently servicing and for the request to be parked (suspended) until the app decides it wants to do something with it. Consider this for a second. Our app had a theoretical maximum of 2500 clients, due to thread contention only. All 2500 clients could connect, their requests would be put to sleep, and then the threads return to the pool. Only if something changed that a particular client needs to know about would it be interacted with. If you app is relatively low on updates, you could support ten thousand of clients, with sub-second latency, from a single server (depends on your app at this point, test, test, test!).
Things like this just fuel my fears - fears over what happens to my child at school and on the bus - fears over what will happen when she is out of school, riding special transportation, and at a work site. These are the fears of my nightmares.
A lot of schools, whether their teachers, students, and parents know it or not, are fairly dependent on FileMaker Pro for making most of their forms. This program makes most of the very professional forms that you use for registration, professional observations or evaluations, attendance records, and more. The new iPad App, “FM Touch” is allowing schools to take advantage of their File Maker Pro forms on a mobile device.
⅓ cup Extra Virgin Olive Oil
You may find, as we did, that a 32-foot RV will take you where you want to go and let you do the things you want to do.
So, I'll just say that. And smile.
Hope you all enjoy it too :-)
I was at work today, wondering about what I was going to post for the coming week. I thought about possibly making a journal of my job at the Movie Theater (called 'The Popcorn Diaries.") but I said 'fuck it' and decided to tak about porn.
I love feeling this happiness again. Of course I'm going to have bad days and that's okay. I miss Aidan with every fiber of my being, BUT that's good. That means that Aidan is my son and will always be in my heart and my head. I'm so happy that Aidan is my son and that I have him watching over us. My marriage is great (minus a little hiccup from lack of communication surrounding Lucas' birthday, but that's worked out), Lucas is great and I enjoy my job.
I have decided to make my RAK available for everyone instead of one person because the papers go perfectly with the hop's kit and if it was me, I would want them too! So be sure to check in with me tomorrow for the links to download the 3 page pack!
How to Plan Home Renovations?
I awoke early for the 6:02 a.m. regional train out of Prague to the Czech countryside town of Kutna Hora. I was on my way to see a place that had been on my ‘to-do’ list for a long time. Sedlec Ossuary; the infamous church decorated with human bones. The journey took one hour and shrouded in fog, although I did see out the window my first wild deer standing in ploughed fields.
Only as Matt tries to track down his wife's mother, he discovers that Caroline, upon leaving Marissa, has led a life increasingly plagued by impulse and irrationality, a mysterious life that grows more inexplicable with each new lead Matt gains, and door he enters. As hours turn into days and Caroline's trail takes Matt from Wisconsin to Minnesota, Illinois, and beyond in search of the cradle, Matt makes a discovery that will forever change Marissa's life, and faces a decision that will challenge everything he has ever known.
Instead of an economy of scarcity which says “if you have more, I less” we are given a Kingdom of abundance. God blesses us, so we can bless.
In any case, I’m disappointed since I had just given myself a pep talk about being focused on staying product-only for the remaining weeks of Phase 1 of the program, to get maximum benefit. But, today I’m back at work, and have been product-only all day. No forgotten product today! Kind of worried about the Kaiser weigh-in tomorrow night though…
We sang 12 songs, including "How We Sang Today" with any past members from the past 60 years who wanted to come onstage. It was so fun to see some familiar faces! My former quartet, Chord Company which retired about a year + 1/2 ago, got to sing at the after show party we call an Afterglow. Here we are in the dressing room wearing our chorus costume. That's a lot of glitter there!
i weave they float in the sun
A rebuttal
I'm an easy-going man and it's rowdy in there so I've decided to settle my tab.
Wes: Thank you SanJAsKa. I guess I have had a bit of a hard time with everything, and I have reached quite a battle with my own doubts.
Child pornography is just a tip of the iceberg. It is most profitable however because children easily get lured to an amount considered low by adults.
Later, when reflecting upon the person of Jesus himself, he writes:
Okay so now onto the art, I havent really completed to much but I have been playing around in my journal,trying to be looser with my brush strokes. The first one is "a girl on the dunes" and the second one is"the shacks". both of these were inspired from where I grew up,which is cape may new jersey. I've been listing on etsy with not much luck but I'm determined,and will keep on trying. It always seems when somebody sees something that I've done they usually want me to do some commision work for them which is good,I'm not complaining but I like it better when I'm free to make what I want to make. Anyway I'm doing free shipping on my etsy for the rest of may,just enter FREESHIPPING511 in the coupon code(all in capitols) Hope everybody has a great week and hopefully I'll be back sooner. Going to eat some ice cream now!
* Enjoy the Party !!! I can't wait to see what you all have come up with!
"It is not alone that property, in all its forms, is struck at, but that liberty, in all its forms, is challenged by the fundamental conceptions of socialism."
OBSTACLES: The trailer didn’t look particularly impressive and there isn’t a lot of buzz around this one. It might get lost among the bigger profile releases this month.
way back, when you were a kid.
Behind one of the sofa's is our red buffet sitting on a small rug also a little sitting area to rest and view out side our Grandkids playing in the pool.
We have the bargain basement cable package and as such we don't get Canal+, the station that invites comparisons to HBO for the quality of its programming. I'm not feeling particularly deprived. After all, we never even had cable in the U.S. and I'm still catching up on episodes of Six Feet Under on video.
That bold new car will set you right!
1. Hallelujah (Hebrew)
He makes us anything we want, the clown on the stilts. Hearts or dogs or swords. Whatever we can think of.
mana tau kan, our ideas might just be used for her videoclip. kalau i dapat tengok my ideas in her video (which will probably be seen internationally), uish! memang kembang mak tau! hahaha!
I may not be homeless but close enough
I don't know, it's not my thing. I'd slam it harder, but damn if it isn't correctly labeled as bourbon first, stout second. My subjective taste doesn't mean it isn't objectively correct for the style, but since I can only judge by my taste I'm going to have to pass on recommending this one to anyone.
Daniel Craig
have a wonderful Monday!
Kit is developing a great sense of humor. He likes to tell jokes, makes some up, and tries to sharpen his wit exchanging funny barbs with me. Unfortunately, not everyone is so fond of his banter. In fact, sometimes he doesn't know the difference between funny and backtalking, or just sarcasm, to an adult.
Oh to be 16 again... just for a week though! ;)
Traditional and Timeless
This weekend, in the worst atrocity committed against white civilians in the history of Rhodesia’s six-year war, terrorists of Robert Mugabe’s Zimbabwe National Liberation Army hacked and battered to death almost the entire white staff and their families at the Elim Pentacostal Mission in the Eastern border mountains.
Not the healthiest, but tasty - Opion 1: Add 1 cup shredded produce (carrots, zucchini, apples) to 1 box vanilla or chocolate cake mix. Add the oil and eggs and cook as directed.
A beautiful guide to simple living by the inspirational award-winning blogger, Rhonda Hetzel.
Well we'll just have to see what the oncologist has to say.
Walid Chaya ... Cute Guy 1
I hadn't intended to really buy anything, but I did come away with a few items. I bought a pack of beautiful postcards from the Saudi photographer. The jam stall was too enticing, and after tasting yellow plum jam with vanilla, I couldn't resist buying a small jar, and at $10 it was pricey, but the indulgence was SO worth it. I found a gorgeous calender with exquisite black and white photos of Saudi Arabia. I'm going to frame the photos and hang them on my walls. At one stall, I ended up buying a beautiful leather camel, loaded down with bundles, suggesting an exotic journey on the spice trail, which captured my imagination. I can't wait to go back next month.
Against renowned Douglas! whose high deeds,
full
I love the way you say yes. ("Yesh.") I love your emphatic nod when you say "yesh."
On April 26th you had your check up with Dr. John Epperly. Mommy is so glad that he's back from his mission work in South America and Africa. Daddy came with to the appointment, and thank goodness he did because you screamed when the nurse or Dr. John tried to touch you. You're 22lbs 9oz (40%) and 30inches tall(50%) and one healthy little girl :)
And the grave is overwhelmed
*Gems - Meiflower
So we are going on a bike ride and up until now we have had no bikes!
I try to do a few light & easy stretching activities when I wake up in the morning. I know I said not to stretch cold, but I do a few sun salutations and point/flex my feet. It’s a good way to get the blood flowing and start your day off right!
Comment: The source for this statement is a Washington Post article written by two attorneys that advocate that the President "Call the Senate's bluff on recess appointments". Referring to "pro forma" Senate sessions as a "sham" indicates that Obama has no respect for the Constitution or the Oath he swore to.
The plot is in a rhomboid form, and comprises two different, but connected schools. The schools are linked by a surprisingly bucolic playground in which a copse of mature trees can be seen reaching above the buildings. What is of most interest however is the external skin of the buildings. The school is contained within a continuous brick wall which runs around four streets, but for most of its length, this is no standard brick wall.
Likewise, a sheet of rubber might be easily stretched and pulled in all direction but it can be ‘stronger’ than a sheet of glass in the sense that it would be easy to break the glass. Being less deformable doesn’t necessarily equate to being stronger. Some materials can be tough yet brittle while others can be malleable yet plastic. If you consider a small piece of aluminium sheet, you can easily bend it, twist it, reshape it; it is very malleable. But it is not an elastic material because after its been deformed and bent and twisted, it doesn’t return to its initial shape. As you can imagine, there are all sorts of materials with varying properties such as elasticity, strength and malleability.
While the pasta (long, ideally, but anything goes) boils, you cook the broccoli, with crushed garlic and a tin of anchovies, and add the raisins towards the end. The original calls for capers but I hardly every remember them.
Me:”The correct answer is the animal that kills and eats all the other animals.”
The past week or two have been a challenge with Maddie's fussiness and Drew's sickness, but we are hanging in there! The weather is getting nicer, so we have lots to look forward to once we can leave the house again. :)
The support of other parents who were out of the NICU and experienced what I went through.
The usual questions pop into my mind. Who are the guys next to our booth. Are they cool guys? Will they have monstrous walls enveloping my booth? Will I have issues moving and sorting my inventory when I get there? So many questions, so little time.
Last year, I had a long chat with a friend of mine about this very issue, how to remain focused as you follow your dreams. At this point, this friend of mine has become quite famous and is now a mentor to many about how to make it on your own terms. She told me how she focuses on her goals like she is shooting a water pistol at a ballon. It requires focused aim. She also noted that as soon as she loses her focus, she immediately sees it reflected in her success rate, her popularity and her income. To counter this, she has a personal policy that she calls "knife for life", not being afraid to 'say it like she sees it', fiercely choosing where she places her energy and with whom she spends her time.
I came into this book fully prepared for loving and was left disappointed. I do not take kindly to be disappointed. So I'm sorry if my bitterness shines through.
Vince greeted us, and even remembered my name from last night, and as I said, they seem to pride themselves on this which I think is awesome. I ordered a glass of Cabernet again, the the boys were drinking beers. One thing I did notice was that they have Shiner Bock in bottles which is a bonus as I love this beer. Regardless, it was a wine night for me.
Meanwhile I continue to work on my column, contribute articles, edit, create copy for others, and various freelance-type stuff. (I also have a full-time job, two kids, and a quiet but contented social life.)
Player's player of the year went to Ryan Hurst. He has built a solid partnership with Kev Willsher in the heart of our defence during his first season with the club. He accepted the applause of his team mates and received the club shield from Paul Dyke.
In the classroom, he learned the material to be covered easily enough but he also learned the important unspoken lesson of discerning the teacher's desires and meeting those expectations. On the sports fields he was a fierce competitor. Early on, he understood that he had the potential to be on the officer track, perhaps even qualifying for captain's school. Therefore, even though he enjoyed individual competition best, he focused his energy on team sports in order to hone and demonstrate his group leadership skills.
dreams and schemes and circus crowds
You’re trying to be kind, baby it’s too late.
Dixie Divas by Virginia Brown I'm going to read a galley of the next in this series, and as I happened to have had the first on my Kindle for months now, I decided to, for once, read a series in order. Dixie Divas is a lighthearted mystery with a 51-year-old divorced, likable main character named Trinket who has returned to her childhood home because she believes (mistakenly, it turns out) that her aging parents need her care. Reunited with her cousin and close friend Bitty, the two become involved in the murder of Bitty's ex-husband, the Senator, when they find him bludgeoned in a historic house they have to gone to visit to try to persuade the owner to allow the house on the local historical society's tour of historic homes fundraiser event. Trinket and Bitty are likable, as are their children and Trinket's parents (who never act like they need help, so Trinket's obsession at the beginning of the book that they are senile is obviously very wrong). The Dixie Divas, a group of hard-drinking, funny women who meet monthly as some strange twist on the Red Hat Society, are difficult at times to tell apart, and I think 1 or 2 fewer Divas would have helped me to keep them straight during the book. The mystery isn't very hard to figure out, but it's not supposed to be. We're just supposed to enjoy swilling mint juleps and seeing some Southern mayhem, and we do. But as for the disappearing body of the Senator: amusing, but if you really want to read how this can be handled superbly, read Edmund Crispin. The disappearing and reappearing decapitated head in one of his mysteries is hysterically funny.
Of happy languor. Now, alone,
It may be interesting to know that it was visited by ancient Indian mariners in the early centuries of Christian era, as a halting station to the Middle East/East African coast and also for exchange of goods with the Arabian sailors.
In the beginning God made it all
Woody Woodward was a 16 year old high school drop out who became a millionaire by age 26. He made a movie entitled Iology (www.iologymovie.com) about the Laws of Importance and one's emotional fingerprint.
--sixty, give or take a few,
You said you'd marry me if I was 23
The type of boundaries I am referring to are self-imposed, ones born of love and respect. I have been thinking a lot about the way I raise my daughter. I give her limits, guidelines, a path with fencing so to say because I love her and want to keep her physically safe as well as grow her compassion for people and respect for the world around her. My dream is that she will grow
Current Weight: 181
My friend was already too good to lose,
Gloria Steinem exemplifies a lifetime spent in service to us, to mankind. Not just "us" the women, but us, the human race. She has fought for the rights of African Americans when it was physically dangerous to do so. She has fought for the rights of gays and lesbians, from demanding more focus on AIDS treatment, to the right to serve in our military to the right to marry and adopt children. She stands up for the battered woman who has lost her voice. She fights for the children who have no one else to fight for them.
I could whine a bit more, but instead I’ll focus on the two best numbers. Here’s the first major dance sequence. It feels spontaneous and I love the rhythmic play:
I Kill Giants (ages 10+) by Joe Kelly - a story about a girl who must kill the giants in her life. The reader, intitially, is unsure whether there are real giants or metaphors. I won't ruin it for you as this is a MUST READ book for kids grade 5+.
As I parked the car beside the ferry terminal, my sense of foreboding only increased. The car park was jam-packed with vehicles, and hundreds of folk were milling around at a time on Sunday which most normal people reserve for breakfast and a cursory review of MP's expense claims.
"I don't," wrote another, indicating laughter. "(do it for trayvon martin)"
Being mostly occupied since then only with one concern, of how to remove the pain and the misery of Life ? How the human will become the Hu-Man the man of LOVE and LIGHT. CHITIJI has finally come out of her years of seclusion to Grace us with the Real THING.
So Ashley and I went to the Humane Society to adopt Heather a cat.
And what I started out to tell you--before I got sidetracked by toilets in the woods--was that Christmas is coming--and so is a brand-new, spectacular, completely redesigned website!
Lifetime Goal: Have 6 grandchildren
On July 21, 2010, an undercover FBI agent was introduced to Hassoun as a “good friend” and “brother,” and Hassoun discussed his idea of a series of escalating violent attacks to damage Chicago’s sense of security, its economy, and trust in leadership. He identified Chicago entertainment establishments, civic buildings, commercial high-rises, and transportation infrastructure as potential targets, the plea agreement states.
Last week was my 23rd birthday. Typically my birthday goes un-celebrated because it’s always over spring break. This year, however, spring break ceased to exist for me, and my birthday was on a normal Wednesday. Lots of people would probably like the day off on their birthday, but I found it to be a nice refreshing change to actually be around other people who aren’t my parents on my birthday. This year has had a lot of challenges for me and I decided to send it off in style with a ragin’ party. And by ragin’, I mean ragin’ amount of baked goods. With the help of my friend Lara, who was staying over for the weekend, I made some great standbys like Dorie’s lemon cream tart, the King Arthur Flour chocolate cake, and the always-appreciated chocolate covered strawberries (my concession to healthiness). But no birthday of mine would be complete without cupcakes, and I thought for many a day about which cupcake to make, to no avail. Then, Lara arrived from D.C. on Friday, and gave me my birthday present – the Georgetown Cupcake cookbook! Frequent readers of the blog will know how impressed I was with Georgetown Cupcakes, and this was the perfect gift. Our friend Anjali came for dinner that night, and, having recently visited Lara and tried a Georgetown Cupcake, immediately demanded that I make the caramel sea salt cupcakes.
5) Two Columbias!? And two Magentas!? WTH, Glee!
Whether or not Najib announces his decision to dissolve Parliament on that May 11 night really depends on 2 events. One is of course the crowd size in the Bukit Jalil stadium itself. Will 1 million Umno members come and heed his call for a show of support? Given the freebies involved, the answer is likely.
I may not operate JT65 very often, but it's another tool in the armoury for getting a 2-way contact in difficult circumstances, but I think I'll use MultiPSK instead, as it seems to work much better with my hardware.
Music
St. Louis Blues/Weary Yodelin' Blues - Evans
Tomorrow, the entire interview will run on Good Morning America.
I finished my first "design" for a couples wedding shower my mom is hosting... I did 2 and Mom loved them both and Calvin (my stepdad who does that stuff for a living) was very impressed with my photoshop skills! Hahahahahah sorry that was me rolling on the floor. By photoshop skills I mean it was the first time ever working with the program.
What, or Who is a Kaffir; Do Kaffirs Exist?
With breath-taking ambition and an enviable clarity of thinking, Marclay’s achievement will almost certainly be regarded by film, cultural and art historians as one of the major landmarks in 21st century art and cinema. It is by far the most thrilling thing I have seen for many years. And if, after reading this, you think there’s a chance you may agree, I strongly urge you to make your way to The Slaughterhouse in Plymouth where it is playing as part of British Art Show 7 until 4 December this year.
4) Don't take it out on your server if your food is cooked wrong.
But they are deadlocked on how much and what kind of power Mr Mugabe should retain.
Paul uttered this in prayer in Ephesians 1:17-18.
The Android player has no trouble with MP4 and AVI files, but for other formats such as MKV or MOV, you’ll need to install additional codecs.
But there is a silver lining to the dark cloud of Masing’s outburst. The mainstream newspapers have gleefully highlighted the jangan lawan tauke story in the past fortnight.
I was able to review 3 items from their new Spring scent line called Haven. Haven is as refreshing as a barefoot walk thought the dewy green grass, as calming as a glimpse of sparkling sea, and as revitalizing as a breath of crisp clean air. Haven awakens and rejuvenates. It also blends fresh notes of seashore breeze with floral hints of lavender and jasmine , all grounded by woody Amber and sweet musk. Conjuring romantic visions of a claw-foot bathtub surrounded by twinkling candle light on a beach of sunset. Haven softly whispers to your senses, whisking you away to bask in the luxury of true escape.
After the service, Joe walked up to me. I didn't know you were here, Joe. We hugged tightly.
Now I have 20 lbs to get off.
The power of these individual ethnic groups can only be realized if they ban together to become the majority. Likewise, the thousands of individual governments in the United States are extremely powerful and wealthy when manifested as one “collective” governmental body – collective government.
The ride is a 100 mile loop, with two stops, starting and ending at the restaurant owned by Nathan Vacho's parents (small world side-note, his father also happens to be my first CSM.) There's also a breakfast during registration and a dinner after the ride, along with one hell of a raffle. This year we walked away with a microfiber towel, a Streamlight Sidewinder, a large microfiber towel, and a set of ESS CDIs for Manda (which was good, she forgot to bring sunglasses...) Cro managed to walk away with an engraved Ontario Knives Rat 3, ensuring my jealousy for a while.
I need the video games .... idle hands .... and all that.
He married Clarissa Hall of Palmyra, NY (Winston’s Grandma!), who may have been part Native American, at least according to family lore. (She's pictured at right).
Have I told you lately how I feel about Adele? About 21? Obsessed. Really. I could rewrite both my breakup song lists (here and here) and make them all Adele songs. She is incredibly talented and her songs perfectly complement a tough breakup. If I were a breakup doctor, and had a breakup prescription, her album would be part of it. Along with:
Stillborn
Contrary to the image the media likes to portray, most autism parents, especially those with obviously sick children, want nothing more than... um... well children. Our passion becomes anger so easily because we are frightened for our children. There is nothing more confronting than realising the person who is responsible for healing your child, has absolutely no idea what they are dealing with. Actually there is, and that is not knowing any better yourself.
I’m a huge reader: I probably consume about 10-15 books per month, mostly somewhere within the Christian genres. Theology, missions, history, relationships, hermeneutics, textual criticism, biographical stories, discipleship, anthropology, the occasional fiction…I love it all. Books are like my friends (in a non-sad way). I love to learn different things and soak up new ideas.
Victoria: “Oh, Daniel, don’t be so morbid.”
the flavor was awesome. the ingredients seemed easy enough. but the time it took me to make this recipe was not so great. mondays are long days for me. I have a meeting every monday until 5 a half hour away from home. so, if I were to make this multi step recipe (that dirtied a lot of dishes) I will do it on a weekend. now, don't get me wrong, the hubs and I LOVED the flavor, and the calorie count was awesome, but the time was a lot.
This is a pretty lame blog entry. Sorry guys, I know I’ve sort of babbled pointlessly but I felt like I should get a post up soon, since I hadn’t posted in a while. Anyways, like I said, feel free to share. I love hearing stories!
I also think it's quite hypocritical to criticize the high fat food of Paula Deen when she is hardly the first cook in the world to cook with copious amounts of fat. I have remarked on more than one occasion that folks rarely call out Ina Garten on the obscene amounts of butter and cream that sometimes go into her dishes. I guess a tony Hamptons address does miracles for your food's image. Did Julia Child back off the butter? I don't think so. Pork belly, foie gras, proscuitto and various other artery-cloggers are all hip and trendy ingreidents and high-end, seemingly more respectable chefs are loading onto their menus. Is fried chicken a lowbrow and unhealthful food? It is unless Thomas Keller makes it. That goes the same for macaroni and cheese, which graces so many pricey menus these days. Comfort food is all the rage as long as it isn't made by someone who cooks comfort food habitually. The Les Halles cookbook is chock full of heart attacks on a plate. It's one thing to serve Cheez Whiz, Cool Whip, and onion soup mix (I'm looking at you Sandra Lee), but if butter is your biggest sin, then look in the mirror before criticizing anyone else.
Although I try to prepare my emotions for my son’s departure, I can’t fully concoct, or practice controlling, the emotions that begin to flow once we have said our good-byes and I watch him walk away.
Me #2: No kidding, I spend enough money as it is...and I don't make enough money to be doing this anyway!
I'm regaining my sanity. ;)
The Cultural Leadership Training (CLT) class is a nine month, nine class program that trains members of our community in board leadership and helps place them on the board of an arts, science or history organization. With just a couple of weeks to graduation for the 2011-2012 CLT class we wanted to introduce you to two future board members, Sean Gautam and Emily Walker
All while living long and prospering in forthright, logical fashion, of course.
ISBN-13: 978-1451617054
Philly Joe Jones (drums)
Must everything be controlled so? The problem is, what happens if you control everything and leave no room for life to simply unfold to you as it should? Will we ever accept that there is NO magic formula and that the only certainty we can rely on in others is the one constant we all share: the state of human imperfection.
Location: Baltic States, Russia
Or in this case, five. Today, as I write this, I wait with my son and both dogs while Lexi auditions for a play. Or at least I hope that's what she's doing. She has been trying to talk herself out of it all winter break, as her Dad and I try to convince her it's a great idea. And it would be good for my introverted girl to go through any audition. Of course she knows that 'good for you' is just parentspeak for pushing yourself into doing something difficult, like eating your veggies or getting along with your brother. So I'm especially proud of her for trying something new, something that puts her on edge and opens new doors for her.
We are Americans! We are proud to wear that title.
This Friday we'll be driving down to Tacoma with the U-Haul hitched and setting up shop.
When Holly went to sign up at the community college, she was unable to prove her New Mexico residency on the spot, which is required there. She had a driver's license, but she needed something else. Utility bills in her name? But she lives at home, she doesn't rent or own a house. Well then, they said, just show us an automobile registration. Marty could've used that; the jeep is in his name. Holly, no car. So they asked if she was a registered voter. No, she said. Well, would you like to register?
Well, we only live once, right? Or, wait...is it twice? Either way, I'm making something awesome to put in my belly.
“Excellent! We’re going to be running a few more tests on you today, just your standard run of the mill stuff. If you come with me down the hall, we’re going to need to take a little more blood.”
Of course, yeah...
Scotland isn’t traditionally a snowy place. I’ve explained why. It sits on the northern edge of the Atlantic Ocean in a latitude akin to Alaska, but with temperatures more normal for the 42nd parallel of the Pacific Northwest. Yes, there are storms which come and go in the three months of so-called Winter, and local government services are never ready for them; it’s a standing joke. They complain before it comes, don’t deliver enough salt or grit enough or clear enough if it does and then blame central Government afterwards for not warning them or providing enough funding in the first place. As if the weather were not God’s fault, but the Labor Government’s.
I fear it's gonna give up. Soon.
The rhythm of the water is my only companion.
I am writing this rant because this one guy, Train Boy (from Date #5) needs to man the fuck up. I really liked him when I met up with him, we got shwasted on our date and I went home with him. Then I had a drunken moral epiphany when we were in the bedroom. I thought it best to let that cool off for a bit, and figured I’d see him in a couple of weeks. He has, of course, been texting me ever since. He’s asked me twice to hang out – and I’m not sure if I want to. Why? Because every text he sends he seems to be complaining about something!
I have an entire bookshelf sagging under the weight of good intentions and untapped wisdom:
I wish I knew
and grateful to the Hunger Games for bringing us together!
I know what a “messenger bag” is. This wasn’t a messenger bag.
Have you ever seen a hornet close to? I thought I had. My father used to claim he'd been stung by one - right next to my eye, he'd say, like a dagger; could've blinded me. If ever we saw a large wasp, to him it was a hornet; and as you do when you're a child, I believed him.
Yours
For a purpose writer, a book is never just a book. While it might not hold the mystical aspects of the chair in the novel, if the work is faith-based, faith-centered, then in a very real way, it holds the mystical aspects of a relationship with God.
Syntax
Character building. Right.
RELEVANCE FOR SELLERS: Current buyer price resistance is still very high due to the availability of low priced distressed properties. Among all levels of listings, most (more than eighty percent) required a price reduction prior to sale, meaning that sellers are overpricing their homes intially. Overall the LISTING INVENTORY is lower, but we still have 7 months of listing inventory, indicating that we are still in a strong buyer’s market. (7 months of listing inventory means that if NO OTHER properties came on the market, it would take 7 months to sell the inventory currently in play).
No sane person would do this.
She looks up at me
(Given number 5, I suspect this was Hannah's list for me.)
I've seen the light,
Products used in my submission,
It may be that I have lost the plot… but if there is one there… why not go and lose it? Made a change from painting. Took a bit longer too. I’ve now got superglue and clay stuck all over my hands… and, a bit of blue and orange paint. Classy!
I wake up to this.
inspired by the simple things in life! I hope you enjoyed visiting with
A more supportive and accurate report was given in the English Churchman (28th October). Lloyd-Jones, the article emphasised, “was not putting forward some negative scheme into which we are to be reluctantly forced, but rather was pointing us to the glorious opportunity of taking positive action because we realise we ought to if we are to be true to our evangelical convictions…Anglican Evangelicals would appear, on the evidence of the Assembly to be the most intransigent on this matter…But is it not a misunderstanding to look at this problem only as one of secession? Does entry into a Scriptural union with other Christians deserve that name?…Who is really giving a definite lead in the Church of England at this time? Who will define the line beyond which we will not go? We have already surrendered on a number of issues which in earlier days would never have been accepted…”. This is well said and even more true of the situation in more recent years. It was the Evangelical Times from its launch in 1967 which championed the principles which Lloyd-Jones had identified and argued.
If you are a blogger or an author, don’t forget to enter our Shameless Summer Giveaway Hop, because steamy book deserve some love and we love excuses to look at pictures of naked men. It’s a summer hop, so there’s still plenty of time to sign up but it’s never too early for some self-promotion.
Go hunting for some old cookbooks. I promise it will make your time in the kitchen more meaningful as you think about your ancestors and the old days.
Mind and Body
The pink hat makes it! Enjoy!
Add chocolate = Chocolate Pudding
P.S. If you need a break from your crazy life, check out these links:
Wondered what I should do for number 500. Decided this would be a good thing to post. We've hit some significant milestones, but not an inroad into closed minds and hearts. People are angry and unkind and dangerous.
The yarn he got was not nice but I managed. I worked up from the bottom ,shaping the arm and neck holes by getting him to try it on and adjusting things as I went along.
I would highly recommend it!
On the other hand, the Obamas, since they took the national stage by storm several years ago, were and still are in many of our eyes truly positive examples not of black people but of Americans in general. On more than one occasion, the President has spoken candidly and bravely about a slew of cultural traps that continue to bedevil our nation’s black youth. And when he has spoken, we have listened. This is why it is so dismaying to see him undermine his laudable message and example through his and his wife’s sometimes too-close proximity to hip hop artists and powerbrokers.
Martin P. Gallagher, M.D., D.C. (USA)
Here is what I did. I started by dumping out everything on Monday. I cleared the drawer into a tub. I like to start organizing projects with a fresh clean slate. I only added back in my favorite pens.
Wadhwa PD, Sandman CA, Porto M, et al. The association between prenatal stress and infant birth weight and gestational age at birth: a prospective investigation. Am J Obstet Gynecol 1993; 169: 858-865.
Well, after I laid out the green and purple paint the first thing Marcus did was ask for blue and red paint. I said, "Aren't aliens green?" He said, "No, I want a blue alien". So I gave him some blue and red paint. Shortly after Sophia said, "I want blue!" So we had two blue aliens. :)
This is good revision for the Biosphere topic of Standard Grade, Unit of Int 2 and also ties in nicely with current S1 work on microbes as an important job of microbes is decomposing all that waste.
"GET ORF HIM YOU FACKING BASTARD!!"
we’ve never drilled before but we’re world class
* Sometimes I think I will be the last person I know to have a kid and I am okay with that. I love my 26 kids but I am really happy they go home at 3:30.
The Nutcracker (Histoire d’un casse-noisette, 1844): a revision of Hoffmann’s story The Nutcracker and the Mouse King, later adapted by Tchaikovsky as a ballet
If a bicycle isn’t possible due to weather or safety considerations…
Shortly after we moved to St. Louis to start seminary, I began meeting with a group of women from one of my classes. We met after class as fellow “first years” in order to get to know one another and hear about the different roads that had brought us to this common place. After having met for a semester or two, one of these women heard someone mention that I was a songwriter and musician – something I had not brought up in our times together. She asked why I had never talked about that part of myself and wondered how she went so long without knowing about this interest that was a unique part of who I was. Thus my mind was set spinning with questions of why I try to minimize certain aspects of myself that are actually quite integral to who I am.
Shalom bayit translates as peace in the home, or peace in the family. It is one of the key virtues or middot, ethical principles derived from Jewish tradition that are central to Jewish righteousness. So far my journey to find my Judaism was bringing the opposite with my very first post. I’d felt so great getting my ideas focused to have a topic and a purpose for my blog, a place for my writing and a sort of “coming out” with a public writing. Why now do I feel so crappy?
My previous 100 random covers-stampede
1/4 tsp of Food colouring (Feeling a little more decadent? Add a little more.)
The ending will leave you jaw dropping and book throwing.. I'll tell you that much! I'm dying in anticipation here, waiting for the sequel to be released. I really need to find out what happens next...! I cannot wait to continue Nikki's journey and learn more about the world Cole so desperately wants her to be a part of.
“Let me bring you songs from the wood:
11. Maudlin: tearfully or weakly emotional; foolishly sentimental.
- Happy news cause you now have more time to play with us as the due date to submit has been extended to Sunday 20:00 (Paris time).
I buried myself into his side so he couldn’t witness the flush spreading over my body.
Unfortunately, it may be a bit difficult for newcomers to figure out how to watch the series. The Haruhi anime is split into two ‘series runs,’ with the first one airing in 2006. This first run follows the chronology of the light novel series … that is, it’s not in chronological order. The novels themselves bounce back and forth in the chronology, since half of them are collections of short stories. The first series reflects this by introducing episodes in the order that they appear in the novels. While that’s fine and dandy, it might be confusing to watch at first.
Everything I have listed up to this point is invisible to a print buyer. The only thing people see is the electronic file of the photo and the final print, so these have to be better than good – they have to be excellent. Even if they are excellent, that does not mean anyone wants to buy your photos. The quality of the composition has to be technically well done – right exposure, right focus, good composition AND it has to have that extra quality of feeling or emotion that makes it special. It is has to be artistic, or have great weather, or have a unique characteristic that sets it apart from other photos of the same subject. It has to be special for someone to want to buy it, regardless of all of the time and effort a photographer put into the photo, it has to appeal to someone.
My middle son played in his first Varsity game, starting as Quarterback on Friday night... he is only a Freshman... and he did an AWESOME job... we lost... but we now have a passing game!! YAY!!!
Michal had to queue for twenty minutes with his bottle of wine. When he reached the checkout, the girl on the till asked to see his ID.
This picture was taken back at the end of November 2010 as I ransacked my old sketchbooks for ideas and titles for my big winter painting project.
And without the Wind, my heart takes the toll.
It seems inconceivable that, 18 years after the commencement of litigation and therefore probably rather longer since work was done and expenses were incurred by the practice, litigation should still be carrying on.
Persistence
Robin is no more responsible for my death than a train driver who runs over a guy who jumped on the tracks. She may be driving the train but she never made me jump. It will be me swallowing the drugs, knowing they bring death. The eating, too, is my request. Robin doesn’t even really want to – she’ll be doing it for me. And I’ll be alive at that point, so it’s not even illegal.
DAY 9: Watch a Christmas movie
passionate about mobile applications, high performing databases with in memory technology and cloud computing.
do you tweet? do you follow others? do you only follow other tweeters on a regular basis?
I realize it’s ridiculous. It’s also real. Humor me.
So Wednesday, Day 130 of my emersion into all that is Brazilian, I did all 23 exams that the gyno order for me.
For this challenge we are celebrating Birthdays!! We all need these cards in our stash so this is a perfect opportunity to stock up on our birthday cards while playing along. It doesn't only have to be cards it can be a gift that you made for somebody's birthday. We are looking forward to all of your fabulous ideas. It gets even better ladies. We have a wonderful sponsor for this challenge. Jessica over at Shabby Chic Stamp Company has graciously offered to give away one of her BUILD A CAKE stamp set to one random winner. I personally own this stamp set and let me tell you I love it. If you go to my blog you will see some previous items I have made with this set. It can be used for Anniversary, Wedding, Birthdays and more. You can use just the flowers to make a card without a birthday theme. What's even better is that all of her stamps come with free Stamp Em's which are like getting individual custom made Nesties for each stamp. You will need a machine able to cut out SVG's in order to use the Stamp Em's.
What was the deal here? they had a great thing going when they slapped Chevy's mug on a Frank Frazetta-esque bodybuilder in the last two posters. This puts me more in the mind that they were trying to ape the stylish conceits of the poster for 1989's Second Sight - which NO ONE needs to be reminded of. But even the face doesn't remind me of Chev'. And the "Yule Crack Up" thing is about as bad as slapping the word "COMEDY" up there.
Sunday May 6th 2012 will mark our 4th annual Hike for Hospice and Palliative care for London Ontario. It’s not the Hospice House of London’s 4th Hike of course. But our’s.
KH: Hopefully we can work as musicians. That's our main goal.
5) my parents are itching to leave the state and are growing more eager everyday
When did he meet Michele and how? Are there photos? Every president provides the public with all their photos, etc. for their library. What has he released? Nada - other than what was in this so-called biography! And experts who study writing styles, etc. claim it was not O's own words or typical of his speech pat terns, etc.
Hate and fear separate, scatter and destroy the harmonic resonance around you. Gaining spiritual wisdom and understanding the universal laws of Creation will free you from being a slave to fear and will release you from the bondage of superstition. You must be willing to face your imperfections and have the courage to change them or the wisdom to accept them. It is only when you become aware of the ego self and its excessive desires and distorted concepts that you are able to begin the process of returning to wholeness. Are you cultivating the strengths and qualities of your Soul or the wants and weaknesses of your ego? Your attitude determines the altitude and the refinement of your vibrational patterns.
And her Laduree wedding cake is on my list of must-haves. You can see Alison's submission on her blog here: http://blissminiatures.blogspot.com/
William & Kate – The Movie
You can also help if you are in or live near Brooklyn, MI and want to drop off *cat food* (see below for specific brand) or dog food, hay or scoopable cat litter. We are in need of hay, goat feed, cat food and cat litter and dog food. We could also use another heated 2 1/2 gallon water bucket to get us through winter. Please visit the "Wish List" page for items we need. Contact me for directions to the farm on the 'Contact Page'. If you want to donate your time, volunteers are welcome too!
But there's music to listen to in the car, on headphones in the lunch break, on the radio in the evening.
And yet what I’ve learned is that things do get better and here I am today, knowing that this is a new version of me now, a better version, and every day I’m learning something new about myself and loving the woman and mommy that I am becoming. And I thank God every day for the blessing of being a parent. And I realize that the person I was makes up who I am now and she’s there, cheering me on every day.
I actually had one RIGHT OUT OF THE OVEN slathered in butter (my bad) ... and it was definitely one of those OMG this is sinful moments!!
15-year-old Julie Richardson is about to learn that being the daughter of a witch isn't all it's cracked up to be. When she and her best friend, Marcus, witness an elderly lady jettisoned out the front door of her home, it's pretty obvious to Julie there's a supernatural connection.
Also in the next 6 months I have
Scott: No but he can be reprogrammed
Red chilli powder - 1 teaspoon
As someone clueless about pop culture, I hate to use the phrase “unless you’ve been living under a rock”, but that’s about the only reason I can come up with why you wouldn’t know about the film The Avengers.
Will there ever be a time when I simply learn a lesson, tuck away its message, and move on?
"When are you going to leave your wife?" she'd asked him as he walked her to her car.
All in all, this affair sums up quite well one of the main Slogarithms people read at this site: ‘We want accountable leadership, not unaccountable influence. We want leaders we can look up to, not slimeballs who look down on us’.
Our hands touch, and I feel you warm.
This produced a return to the earlier atmosphere of their interview, and yet William's opinion of Mr. Lawrence had really risen. Mr. Lawrence, as far as he went, was not a bad man. And for the world beyond Mr. Lawrence, what guides were there?
He’s laid-back and spontaneous…
Bella’s Black Bean, Corn, & Grape Tomato Salad
went down to the beach (to play one day)
We need desperately to continue to pray and to continue to offer our sufferings and sacrifices to the Lord. It is the only way. The devil right now has such a hold on the people of this world that our only hope for being able to snatch them from the hands of Satan is going to be through prayer and sacrifice. There are many who are willing to do so, yet when we look at the whole world, it is hardly a handful by comparison. God needs generous souls and He needs them desperately. We can be guaranteed if we are willing to offer up those sacrifices to the Lord that we will see extraordinary things happening, that we will know there are graces being brought to this world and there are souls who are being touched and converted. Even if things continue to go the wrong way on the large scale, we can be guaranteed that God’s grace is working in the lives of individuals to save their souls. That may be at the last moment of their life as they are dying, to get turned around, it may be in some other circumstance, and it may well be people that we do not even know. It does not matter. All that matters is that we have the faith, the confidence, and the trust that the Lord is going to accept what we offer Him and that He will apply it where it is most needed. So we need to do our part.
Gordon
Caveat: Only listen to the video if you really like Prog Rock
** Blog photo of a spring tree ~ April 2012
For I alone am God!
A Muslim chat room advertises itself this way: “It’s about love, peace, and forgiveness.” I would give you the link, but it isn’t good anymore. I wonder why.
I feel that the way you have been treated has been nothing short of disgraceful! (Is it OK if I put exclamation marks at the end of my sentences? I know you have ADHD and I know rambunctious punctuation can set a person with ADHD off, so I thought I’d check.)
Sure, okay.
So this week I will do another condensed version of all three days for ya.
So, funny thing happened on the way to Denver a couple of weeks ago. I realized more than ever, my husband is soooo right. When it comes to men... Don't talk to them. Don't look at them. Whatever you do, don't you f-ing DARE smile at them. In fact, pretend their faces are covered in their own stomach sauce if you want to survive emotionally unscathed. Of course, the minute I diverge one solitary step from the path of righteousness, I am given a 2.5hr lesson in mid-air discomfort.
He didn’t speak in bold – I added it, obviously – but I’ll let that phrase speak for itself because I, too, cannot think of a single reason a 30-year-old might ever need contraceptives.
* The time I opened the floor for questions after an elementary-school presentation and was asked, “What’s that thing on your face?”
Patiently, I put the candle holders back in the shelf and got the new ones.
( or you know, dressed)
Also present are other familiar faces: David Hewlett of Traders and Nicole de Boer of Star Trek Deep Space Nine and the Dead Zone TV series. Perhaps the most surprising character appearance of all, however, was Francisco Scaramanga. In one scene Quentin proposes that the Cube is like the fun house of James Bond’s nemesis in Man with the Golden Gun, a deadly labyrinth constructed solely for the amusement of an impossibly wealthy sadist.
The detritus of ‘Metro’, ‘Shortlist’ and ‘Stylist’ that follows me on my journey. Waste paper, discarded drinks cans, cola bottles, graffiti on the windows and chairs and the dusty, muddy faded seats. The crummy x98 with it’s fading purple seats and glum faced brutes. Paping thin wasting away with cracked and yellowed teeth and salt and pepper hair.
"Everytime you look into the future it changes, because everytime you see it, it changes everything in it" - Nicholas Cage in 'Next". Living in the 1960's people had a particular view of the future based on their experiences of the past and the present, but today we should have a completely different view of the future, based on where we stand today. We are closer to the view of the future people had in the 1920's and 1030's, just much worse.
Hold out. He is faithful. Don't settle for anything less than the peace that comes when you're with the right one. It isn't easy to watch friend after friend walk down the aisle, and I get that. But be patient. It is well worth the wait.﻿
Especially the splat factor.
½ cup plain yogurt
I am so excited because this weekend we received the tea that Harney and Sons donated, and yesterday we received the Christmas cards I had printed to send out for Lisette's fundraiser. I will have to post a picture of them!
This challenge runs through May 14th at 11:59pm EDT. The prize winner will be chosen by random.org and will be announced along with our "Beary Sweet Top 3" on the 17th. What's the prize, you ask? It's a fabulous $20 gift voucher to The Beary Scrap along with free shipping! Isn't that fabulous?
It's always darkest before.....Daylight Saving Time.
WHY? WHY? NO! PLEASE! is all that goes through my head as I listen to these remixes. I’m so disappointed in my idol. I feel like he was approached to do the deal, heard the dinging cash register noises in the background, and signed the deal without even listening to the songs or approving the artists set to do the deed.
Back to the kitchen; everyone has things they have to take when travelling - lipstick, marmite, hairstylists for example - but not this girl. I absolutely needed a kitchen whizz/wand to replace my processor, so this beauty was purchased in Auxerre and it was courgette soup with garlic, herbs, mascarpone and gorgonzola in no time at all.
I resolved to be a competitive gymnast and it was indeed a wonderful thing.
I’ve celebrated almost the same amount of Novembers in the spring than in autumn in my life. I’ve had some birthdays pregnant, and some more quiet than others. And it’s been a long time since I’ve celebrated with my mom our birthdays together.
Have a great day everybody!
Lake Caspian. Watching a young boy squeal in delight as he submerges his naked body in that frigid water. Brave I tell you. Apparently our offspring still require 80 degree pools for they barely made it past their toes. I didn't even touch it ;-)
That moment of being
Also as it warmed the carbonation stayed extremely huge. I even had a carbonation overflow during my second pour. Not sophisticatd!
For these reasons and more is why I choose Rays! I just hope I can keep this copy of the New Intellectual Arithmetic in good enough shape to last through the rest of my kiddos!
Indulge your guilty pleasures with the deviously dark bronzing formula that will instantly make others envious of your Sinfully Black® color. No need to repent! Be proud of your dark, rich color! Get greedy with this 15x brew of Hemp Seed Oil, Black Currant Oil, KuKui Nut Oil and other skin nourishing Vitamins for skin so soft and gorgeous it will be lusted over! Being this dark is sinful.
Gotta go, I sent you pictures go look at them.
Even if you have only one computer (or only one laptop or netbook) you still can benefit greatly from a home network if you have a smartphone or network attached storage device (NAS, basically a hard disk with network connection). Once you have a working network, you have to set up the network file sharing: the ability to share all the files in given disks or folders with the other computers on the network.
-Ponder, who was trying to tell me that he got into his backup of sausage.
The owner, Mr Liew Kwai Yim, 66, says his father started the business. But his own kids are scattered - one in the U.S., two in Australia and one in KL.
.....he helped his nan care for his grandad when friends turned their backs
i have sunburned shoulders to prove it. ugh!
1) Everyone carries around a wire with an attachment on one end for their Smartphone, and a card-shaped dongle on the other end to insert into a POS machine. This scenario is so inconvenient that I would be amazed if a single transaction is ever completed this way.
Thanks for a great tutorial and a super cute idea Cami!
Going to watch some b-ball now!
I'm not proud of the first pictures, but here they are.
After morning tea we listen to Alessandra talk food writing . This is the talk I was most looking forward to, as it the part of blogging I enjoy the most, and what I look out for in other blogs. Alessandra is a great presenter, honest & informative, she knows what she is talking about and is happy to share.
I am giving away a SIGNED copy of the Australian Edition of Inside Out - the first book in the Inside Out/Outside In duo!
125g digestive biscuits (Marie gold biscuits...love 'em)
We think all the three ladies looked stunning , what about you. Pick a favourite and tell us why you liked her the best.
The boat that won’t sink
But as always, it’s the words that spew out of his mouth with no discernable purpose that have to make you go “huh?” Here’s a random sampling.
As a teacher I am constantly reflecting and wondering, are my students understanding what I am teaching and then deciding how to proceed. Having time during conference night, I read over some of my students’ poetry pieces and was thrilled- they seem to be developing their own passion for this genre.
“Yes, Annabella. I’m interested in the answer to that question myself.” Grey stood, watching her with his icy blue eyes as he interjected himself back into the conversation. If she had thought she had a chance of putting the aunts off, she was certain she stood no such possibility with his grace.
I feel anger at the unnecessary loss of innocent lives.
32: The unfortunate Asbert de Claremunt is struck through the eyeslit with a "such a mighty blow that he pushed the entire head of the spear through his left eye into his brains."
But I didn’t care. I was speaking Chinese. I was in China. And I fucking love it.
When asked what he came back with from his five-day adventure, Dr. Alan says “Friends.” He will try to stay in contact with the administrator of the clinic, Fay, and see how he can get some items that were specifically requested to them.
Did kinda enjoy the small bit about her mom being the Huntress, though. I’m assuming she was a different Huntress from the one that’s buddy-buddy with Batman in the comics? Was there more than one character in the DC world that went by that name? Blah, comic continuity confuses.
My biggest purchase was from a friend selling this Sit and Stand stroller for $30. I'm hoping to sell this for around $75. Overall, its in good shape and she still had the infant attachment bar, which I think is a good seller.
This was a nice surprise in the pack. I love the three layer photos on the front. This is a Premium-level (above classes 1,2, and 3). Parallel. The serial number is stamped and looks so much better than today's serial numbers. This card was great for the Clippers, as they add a 3-pointer (Clipper, Parallel, SN).
I came into the office this morning to get the day started and found a lovely surprise inside my office door.
I miss ToonGuy. Where oh where is my ToonGuy? We love and miss you Russ.
Personally I don't care whether these crimes are labelled racist or not. The important issues are that we do more to safeguard victims, who invariably come from the ineffective liberal care system, and we do all we can to prosecute offenders, whatever their ethnicity.
digestible.
Lilly: Myra's nothing. She's less than nothing.
When I finished seminary I became a pastor. After church on Sunday people would say to me: “Good message,” or “Nice sermon.” However when Jesus spoke, people said: “Didn’t His words burn in our hearts.” Perhaps what we need in the church nowadays is “a hunka hunka burnin’” words.
Ramakrishnan
Because so many organizations and churches now serve a traditional Thanksgiving dinner for the community, The Salvation Army decided to fill the need for an earlier meal. Instead of dinner, The Salvation Army will serve a traditional breakfast of scrambled eggs, sausage, hashbrowns and biscuits and gravy to the community.
I started reading at approximately 11:50 am, so I'm planning a 12 hour readathon for myself.
And they do have the "slab" cabinets in white
Whoops
Shoes- Zoneyz Color Change (z3)
I have never felt the nuances like this in Jakarta.
“That’s great. When can he come?”
This morningI needed to go into town to get a bit of shopping, I usually write a list but as I only needed a couple of things ,I was not going to bother.John said we needed dog food and he wanted the newspaper and something else so I decided to make a list after all .when we were in the car,john asked if I had put the dog food on the list--- I had forgotten--so I told him to add it as I was driving.
Fleischer Studios would produce some of the finest animated cartoons ever made. They would be nominated four times for the Academy Award for Best Short Subject (Cartoons). Arguably, not only should they have been nominated more times, but they should have also won many times as well. Unfortunately, quality costs money, so that the Fleischers' cartoons were often expensive to produce. To make matters worse for Fleischer Studios, in 1938 the company borrowed money from Paramount to move to Miami, Florida both to take advantage of tax breaks and escape the reach of the unions. Producing two animated feature films would also place a strain Fleischer Studios' finances. Despite the continued popularity of their cartoons, Fleischer Studios continued to lose money and as a result they continued to request loans from Paramount. On 24 May 1941 Paramount Pictures Inc. finally called in the Fleischers' loans and as a result acquired Fleischer Studios. The Fleischer brothers both tendered their resignations.
“I think these people need to take c lass on how to use a computer, programs, etc. Both my bosses are in their upper 50s and aren’t proficient in technology. There are a lot of community colleges that offer classes at a very low cost. Some of those classes specialize in helping older adults.”
Most of us tend to live in one room most of the time but, unless we go into every room every day,
North Island Wheat Ale
The last time I skived the afternoon off to watch a football match I was sixteen. Coventry City were playing an FA Cup replay at St James' Park, Newcastle. For some reason me and my mates thought no-one would notice if we were missing on a cold and wet sports afternoon at school, so we piled on to a bus for the four hour journey through what seemed to us to be a desolate wasteland. Perhaps in January 1976 this was a reasonable description of the north of England. We saw a lot of snow. We almost got beaten up in a chip shop and lost 5-0. The following day our form teacher just smiled sardonically at us: 'good match was it lads?' We sulked. Our dream of going to Wembley was over for another year.
Welcome to the House of Balloons Webpage – history about The Weeknd, the mixtape and links to the mixtape songs.
That shatters the illusion in an instant.
I’d love to do more outfit posts and would personally stick to posting something I actually wore or was wearing as part of the challenge to get more wear out of my wardrobe. Thinking of a solution of how to get decent ones. Watch this space.
Saffron NOLA
Again, something luminous in ivory; a wedding?
I’ve been told we should pick one or two things to do in life and set aside the others. I just can’t see that happening. While I make lengthy To Do lists, my greatest desire is to fulfill the divine To Do list God has prepared for me.
I already have picked out several projects that I can't wait to attempt when the weather warms up. I think I'll start with this Pottery Barn side table because it looks like one of easiest projects to tackle first.
I know this seems like a lot of steps, but we must make sure that the page is not easy to share or spread around. If we simply do a password site it will certainly be shared with a ton of people. Using a WordPress.com login allows us to strictly monitor who has access and where they are accessing from. If we give you access and the page is viewed from 25 different states using your login, we will promptly refund your money and take your access away. See how that works? So don’t share your login with all your friends. You can certainly tell them what it says, but don’t make us have to be Metallica (Napster reference).
Got any other FreePBX voicemail hacks you like?
Bush had his Katrina, but Obama had the Gulf of Mexico oil leak. His administration mismanaged it beyond belief and then he arbitrarily shut down oil production from other rigs, adding more people to the unemployment lines.
So let’s look at why the GOP pundits (the word comes from Sanskrit, “learned man”) want to boot Gingrich out.
Phew...
Only incidents that occurred within the city limits can be reported. This includes interstate highways that pass through the city, unincorporated areas, other surrounding areas, and county locations.
And even after a couple of tainted brownies; what would convince you to sell this to other people?
I contemplated whether I should write today because it just has been an emotional up and down day. This was Kristen's last day before Spring break so I was hoping to end it on a good note. Apparently, someone missed the memo on that one. The phone call from the preschool came early. My phone for some reason had turned off and when I checked it at 9:40 and turned it on is when it rang. So, you know what she did? It made my stomach sink. She cut another kid's hair. I turned my car around and off to pick her up I went. If a kid does something like this, they are immediately sent home for the day. That is the rules for everyone. So, filled with many emotions at this point...anger, embarrassment, and many more I cannot even begin to list, I pulled into the parking lot.
This weekend, The Meadow Project celebrated the planting of it’s first wild flower meadow.
As you continue to crawl, try varying the rhythm. The movement should give you a pleasant feeling: if it doesn’t feel good, it probably isn’t doing you much good. From time to time pause, think about what you are doing (it is not a mechanical movement!), pay attention to your breathing and let your neck be free.
Ophthalmologists felt it was short-sighted.
I'm still sorting out my photo files and came across these pictures from last year's Carnaval. I can't believe I forgot to post these!
So. This month’s theme for the Shitty Movie Awareness Club is animated movies. I’m really excited about this for several reasons. Ahem:
Mr. Curious, and our close friends are thinking of playing volleyball for the summer (I believe it will be indoor). It is one of those things, 'new things'. The reason I say 'new things' is because I am not sporty at all, and do not know the rules of the game, or any game for that matter. It will be fun! However, as lovely as my friends are, and Mr.Curious, they are good at the game - and may place pressure on me...I'll have to post an update to let everyone know how that goes when it starts :P...should be fun :) I'm excited!
He wrote the first play to be staged at the National Theatre. He claimed that there was a tension which could not be reconciled between a radical dramatist and the bourgoise institution of the large theatre. He implied that the transfer of his work from the Fringe to to established theatre was an act of infiltration by which means the Marxist writer could subvert citadels of the class system from within.
The Rendezvous is an event like no other, and if you miss it, you are going to kick yourself, particularly once you read the write-ups after the Rendezvous is over and find out what you missed!
I have watched enough Food Network to tell you that it had a tangy bite, it was earthy, and creamy.
There are two main themes that Benn draws out of these five chapters. The first is love. Dripping from these final words of Jesus to His disciples is His unconditional love for them. Let’s be honest, these guys are not the easiest to love! But neither are we. Beginning with the washing of the disciples feet, Jesus not only speaks words of love to His disciples but shows them pictures of His love for them. These loving acts mean many things and one of them is to model for them how they are to love fellow Christians and the world. Throughout these five chapters Jesus loves them in their doubts, weaknesses and blindness to the truth He is giving them as His last words.
I would to God, my lords, he might be found:
And just in case you’re still hungering for more of the Bard, here’s a little musical treat for you. ‘Brush Up Your Shakespeare’, from Kiss Me Kate, the musical adaptation of The Taming of the Shrew.
