I'm grateful that there are people like that, who will think of others and reach out to them. Sometimes they do this knowing that the person needs consoling, and other times they do it just because they see an opportunity to offer a kindness to another, and they act upon it. I want to become more like that.
I was a huge stalker of this side for a really long time, now the time of joining has come xD
Progress by it’s very nature does not feel good. Progress forces us out of our comfort zones and makes us do things we don’t want to do. Forcing yourself to do something that you are uncomfortable with is not fun. Whether you are intimidated by Kanji, or find the very idea of speaking to a native speaker terrifying, this is something you are going to have to break through if you want to make it. The sooner, the better.
Sweet tiny Penny snuggling close to me...
So, in advance, I’m going to put this out there: I am not in any way on this project striving for any kind of scientific accuracy. My world is an unashamed jumble of the ridiculous, the impractical, the magical, and the impossible. Therefore, the “science” should fall under one of those categories.
1478 D-X/21/2003. “President Lincoln and Chief Justice Chase Define ‘Reconstruction.’” Faculty Workshop, The School of Law, Loyola University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois.
(but i can't find an entry for Second Exposure here?!)...and secondly,
Oreo cupcakes lined up like little solders for a co-workers party!
Maybe we should pull the plug…
Musicians:
For the past few years, my brother has started expressing that biting his hand hurts him. “Biting hurts”, he says raising his arm to my face for me to have a look. This is the real proof. Autistic kids can obviously feel pain, because they are human beings, but they find it hard to control themselves. Whenever my brother starts biting his hand, he has to be constantly told to stop biting, that is the only way through which he stops biting at that moment. Constant reminders are needed, and so are patience and tolerance from our side.
I realized that this is how I write picture books too. I wander from story to story. Stare at them a lot. Read them over and over. Add some words. Wonder if I need them. Let them sit on the page for a while. Come back and look at them again. Take some words back out. Put in more new ones. I do this over and over until eventually I'm happy and even relieved to find that I have an actual story. Sure, there may still be stuff I don't need or stuff I should add. But it has really shaped up and is ready to move somewhere new--like my critique partners inbox.
Mumbai is a city of contrasts. Incredible wealth is yards away from indefensible poverty. New buildings are being constructed at an exceptional rate while most are unloved and falling down (according to a news report 34 buildings have actually collapsed in the last two years within the city, several with people still living in them). The city is full of cars, but within easy range is a hill fort area which allows no motor vehicles at all. On the pavement in front of a shop selling gold you may well find a small boy selling sandals. There are magnificent beaches, but nothing would persuade me to go into the sea (locals don't have the same problem). It is a deeply religious city, although it hasn't chosen one yet - you'll find small well tended shrines all over the place, as well as churches and temples. Public holidays are selected from each of the main religions. (At the moment cricket is probably the leading religion.) Only one thing has not had a contrast - the weather has been in the upper 30s pretty much every day and dry. Even that is only because I haven't been here long enough - in July there will be more rain in this city than London has in a whole year (and London is not a notoriously dry city).
Well, I had to find some resources in order to keep going with my ball physics. This is the code I used for the paddle.
Still More Work to Do.
David Tirlson clutched his girlfriend Cassandra’s hand. "You can't die!" You're my life! What will I do without you?"
SUN.STAR CEBU, OCT. 14, 2008
That’s all for now. Before I get too deeply into the red wine, however, I will tell you that the first word of the book (in case you’re interested) is Screams.
The Dipping Sauce
When it comes to Solomon and his reign, the message of the opening ten chapters of Kings is that wisdom is ‘of the essence’, alongside the peace and prosperity that together represent a ‘golden age’, described in phraseology that compares with the expansiveness of Solomon’s own wisdom:
You see somehow during one of my many online Facebook adventures , I got the opportunity to become acquainted with a super sweet guy from Ohio by the name of Charlie Clay ...well as with all new friends I checked out his posts ...then I gawked at all his pics ...and then I realized ...wow this guy is SUPER talented ...well come to find out Charlie has been in the prim business since he was just a lil feller and he knows his "stuff" and is really good at what he does ...well over time Charlie and I have struck up quite the friendship ...and well a lil twist of faith and a whole lotta hope in a basket ...he gave me a chance and has become one of my best customers and one of my dearest friends!
Each
The kids enjoy seeing me when I was little, and I tell them that I have been reading forever…Since the picture is in black and white, I think they really do think I’m about 100 years old! Happy Friday!
Heat oil in a sauce pan,add a teaspoon of sugar and wait till it turns burn.Do not turn with spatula.
After the third day of having the flu/fever, lying in bed with fever chills, having a swollen and painful neck, and not being able to stand up or swallow... I thought it would probably be a good idea to finally see a doctor.
Thus.... addiction is truly a family disease. We all have our walls to break down, our fears to conquer, our resentments to let go of, forgiveness to seek and give, and expectations to let go of.
Bottom line: For purchasing Apple iPhone 4S, use a package forwarder (freight forwarding company) like Shipito for both a virtual USA address and paying for the purchase in the Apple Store USA.
Donations of money and clothes are being taken for those who lost everything in the fires. Let me know if you’d like to donate and I’ll get the specifics for you.
- Mixed in with a Mexican-style chicken bowl (with black beans, chicken, a little cheese, and some sour cream)
The company launched a new interface for both its web and mobile customers in December, which got mixed reviews at first but hasn’t kept people from continuing to use the service.
-I see my video camera.
Man, I hope that the latter is where we are tomorrow. Whomever I'm talking to.
And since running has apparently become “cute and girly,” we have running skirts. And while they may legitimately be comfortable to some people, they’re also reflective of the influx of new runners who think it takes talent to run a 5 hour marathon.
At the time of the arrest the police declined to state the ethnicity of the gang involved, sparking a lot of speculation in the press. Today police spokespersons have repeatedly stated that these were NOT racially motivated crimes. Assistant Chief Constable Steve Heywood, of Greater Manchester Police said: "It is not a racial issue. This is about adults preying on vulnerable young children. It just happens that in this particular area and time the demographics were that these were Asian men." Mmm. If you do a bit of research you will find that 96% of offenders charged with these types of offences have been Asian. In particular, 83% are of Pakistani origin.
always and like iron
And Cat didn't give a shit one way or the other.
So early and so late in the small fortunes that followed me from my mother’s grave
Simplicity 8510—Yes, it’s 80s men’s, but it’s a simple tee/pullover with some interesting options in the details, which is always key with men’s patterns. And I figure if I go down a size or two, (which I should be able to as this is an S/M), it would reduce the excessive 80s ease.
I also keep gloves in my camera bag.
And members of congress will not tell us any of this because they have been ordered by the U.S. Supreme Court Justices to ‘deny’ the existence of NESARA or face charges of treason punishable by death. Some members of Congress have actually been charged with ‘obstruction.’ When Minnesota Senator Paul Wellstone was about to break the gag order, but before he could, his small passenger plane crashed killing his wife, daughter, and himself.
Donald and Peta started out with a great tango! Intense, aggressive, and powerful! Len could hardly wait to tell them how much he liked it. A 9 from each judge! Tom and I both thought Len might give him a 10 he was so excited but guess that was a 9 of excitement. Score: 27
The kicker is the line that comes after that, “WTF Fred?” Classy!
We will be back tomorrow with another tiny peek and the full projects begin on Tuesday with our new challenge. The release and blog hop is on Thursday, Oct 24th.
3. Promoting events should be given careful thought. If the event clearly requires an RSVP or tickets, it is to everyone's advantage to make that blatantly clear. No one wants to show up to an event to discover that tickets cost a small fortune or that it is not open to non-members. If you would like to attend an event out of your price range, you might volunteer at the event, which frequently comes with perks. Check out my navigating food festivals post.
Think of the river current as a metaphor of how nature changes or flows. In Practicing Wu Wei one uses his experientially refined ability to recognize the way nature flows, and moves with it
We look forward to seeing you during one of the social knit nights on Tuesday or Wednesday and this weekend!
“You’ll get your money!” the commander scowled.
Even when they’re just pretend ones on TV, the saying holds true. Smart girls are sexy.
Hubby: No reason..besides u used to watch 4 little ones when our kids were young. What happened?
That’s all I have time for today.
in the bleak greyness of morning, i absently stir my coffee,
The LP’s first single, “War & Peace” started with Trabucco playing her vintage guitar in her bedroom. It underwent a few changes and Big Scary could cover the finished product with ease. Thankfully, the band admits that it still retains the driving charm that the original had and it also includes some gorgeous lead vocals. These feminine sounds prove a refreshing diversion because the remainder of the cuts are led by Ballantyne whose tones can sit anywhere along the scale of harmonious and pleasant to plain androgynous, although in “I Don’t Wanna” they also seem rather whiny. “Packin’ For Paris” also boasts some great vocal work with some smile-inducing acrobatics reaching up for the sky making the effort sound like it was made by a sixties vocal group. Nice.
I am a writer; therefore I need people. I am not saying this applies to all writers, but it most certainly applies to me. People are inspiration, encouragement, critique, discouragement, and conversation. All of which I find extremely helpful not only as a writer and artist, but also as a human being. I greatly enjoy talking, friends, parties, and those odd conversations with the person next to you on the airplane. If I can have my hour time to soothe my inner introvert, I will be ready to spread my social butterfly wings for the rest of the day.
She often blames current traits on her mother or her grade school peers, and dwells constantly on the memories. I went through the same thing and recovered fully, without having to hash it over five times a day. Now, even hours later, she’s still calling every family member she can think of to whine. At present she’s telling Aunt Smugly Superior I am so vicious that I will drive her back to heroin addiction, self-mutilation, and “the depths of Hell.”
“all this rain plus an earthquake are making it extremely difficult to want to go to work this morning”.
But in the last couple of decades, the world came to the startling realization that there are an awful lot of people out there who do, in fact, obsess about how many red shirts are aboard the U.S.S. Enterprise at any given time, how the Empire trains their Stormtroopers and just what race of alien E.T. is.
Back to the Germanwatching and new words to describe the natives:
My friends no longer call me after 9:30 pm. They know better…It’s after 9:30 pm on Monday; the phone rings, Late night calls have sculpted me into a vigilant night sleeper. As I check the caller ID, a very famiiar number, Mom’s assisted living facility. “Your Mom fell out of bed, she refused for us to call you and refuses to go to the hospital by ambulance,” a voice announces with an accent that would be lovely singing a song. “Do you think she needs to go to the hospital?” I ask, with memories of 5 recent hospitalizations that began with a fall. “You need to decide,” the singer, who in reality I know is one of her caregivers emphasizes. I grab my lipstick, knowing that my tired face underlys my compassion fatigue; the lipstick adds brightness to my weariness. As I arrive,grabbing a caregiver with a blood pressure cuff on the way, we enter and she is talking to my brother in Alaska, whom I have already notified. Her blood pressure has stabilized, her knees are bruised, her weariness of God’s plan to keep her here are all visible.
it is also important to note that the one-year grace period is measured back from the filing date in Canada, and not the filing date of any foreign priority applications.
(For which he had Himself to Blame,
First thing I usually do when I get home from work every day is change into something comfortable. So Thursday evening was no different. When I got home, I headed straight for my bedroom to change my clothes. As I was taking off my necklace, I noticed that my little decorative bowl that I keep change in looked like it was missing a lot of change. Instantly, I accused My Friend because he is always teasing me for saving pennies (along with everything else) as his change jar only contains silver coins. He keeps telling me that he is going to take my nickels, dimes and quarters and leave me just the pennies. Although, I thought it was odd that, if he was going to take my silver coins, why would he leave some and only take a few. But who else was there to accuse?
What are some occupations the heroes in your own romances or romances you’ve read been? Maybe one that was unexpected—out of the norm for a man to do or one that you just don’t picture a hero working. Or one that is in the norm but didn’t make my list. Or if you prefer to read paranormal, historical, futuristic or another genre, what is a popular occupation for heroes in those genres?
Vinyl: UK original pressing Fontana SFJL 911
Via Al Jazeera
(Speaking of great stuff...I picked up Nora early at school today, and took her to lunch at the General Lafayette. I had a cask Pacific Pale Ale that was great, dry and hoppy, with a rare Steak Frites that was probably the very best food I've ever had at the General; great fries (salt and pepper'd fresh-cuts) and a very toothsome piece of beef, done just to my order. Nice work on the kitchen recovery, Chris!)
Both leaders made themselves vulnerable in the negotiations — Obama accepting cuts to entitlements that already were inflaming his base, and Boehner agreeing to $800 billion in revenue increases — and moved quickly to blame the other for failing to agree to a historic deficit reduction package.
So. All of this is to say that I might be even more absent from here for the next while. I need to not be here. Because being here is doing what I’ve been trying really hard not to do, and inhabiting my own head far too much. I doubt anyone has noticed, but I’ve been tweeting less, blogging significantly less, staying away from Facebook. I’ve been withdrawing from this sphere, because I don’t think it is as helpful as it was.
How did Japan react when nations started closing their doors to its food? “Japan is working hard to recover from the disaster. I would request you not impose unreasonable import bans,” said Yoichi Otabe, a Japanese representative to the WTO (see here). He and other officials claimed the bans have no basis in science, and unfairly penalised Japanese businesses. Whilst the Japanese claims should be examined, it might be sensible to do so in the context that nations importing this food have a responsibility to ensure food safety.
My only recurring dream, and one I have had since I can remember, is that I can fly. It is always the same. It begins over the ocean, it is in slow motion.... I soar lazily over the sea, along the face of a beautiful cliff and over treetops and up towards the sun. There is nothing but the gorgeous scenery in my dream, and the feeling of total freedom and total bliss. I love that dream.
I'd be like a Bullfighting Pied Piper.
My advice to men out there: Don’t think about infant potty training.
There is a desk underneath all that believe it or not! Although it looks heaps better now (well, certainly better that this), it has started creeping back to being a mess but that seems to be because I've had a really good sort out and have been able to empty some of those clear A4 and A5 storage boxes you put paper and stuff in. Today only, I brought an empty cardboard box in from the garage today (well, dragged it in) and tidied some of the empty plastic storage boxes away.
I've decided that I would really enjoy a black turtleneck. In kind of an authoritarian way. With a tight top bun and a ruler. Not really but for some reason I have not been able to push this beast of a black turtleneck out of my little mind with it's tres chicness and slenderizing profile. This brings me to my next question. Where to get said sweater of darkness, with dual neck choking and warmth enabling capabilities?
Another hint: I put in the amount of AmeriColor Bright White that I think is enough, and then I add a little more. Trust me, more is more here.
2 slices of toasted whole-grain sourdough bread
After hurrying through the final lingering notes of the music, in order to catch the day’s last plane back to Tokyo, we rushed back to the airport at night! Once on the bus, they opened the box containing the cake that they hadn’t had time to enjoy in the restaurant. Ono-san presented his gift to Kamiya, and then our time was up! And thus, our brief journey to Okinawa (which actually lasted less than ten hours) came to a close…
I think I slept funny.
7. Bill's Hit Tune
Year of Release: 1974
We will be spilling the beans on how to promote yourself, your book, your tour. How to make it interactive, fun and how to fill your schedule with events that will work for you and engage your audience. I will be sharing my ideas about my book promotions for the “Food Lovers Guide to Seattle” and Hank will be telling us about his multi-city book tour for his “>book and blog “Hunter Angler Gardener Cook“. And even if you don’t have a book, come and learn about ways to promote your brand.
Someone to listen while you cry, or cry while you listen.
"And what did these Americans say their names were again?"
Labour is cheaper here than in AB too. We’re ideal place to generate, aside from transmission difficulties.
Power is given only to those who dare to lower themselves and pick it up. Only one thing matters, one thing; to be able to dare!
Have you ever had the experience of walking across a cow-field in the dark, never quite sure of where you are about to put your foot? Copyright is a bit like that, especially the copyright that may or may not exist on old images. My thoughts turned to this messy subject after reading a report about someone in Florida who decided to scan some old family photographs of long departed relatives in the local Wal-Mart store. Even though the photographs were over 80 years old and the subjects were all long-dead, the Wal-Mart employee refused to allow the scanning because it would be an infringement of copyright.
My step-mom's views on the subject is, literally, "Don't wear anything revealing because God will be displeased" and I never had the opportunity to know what my mom thought but it would probably have been along the same lines.
So, according to a former attorney, the rational course of action for a business person faced with growing competitive pressure is to break the law? That’s the rational choice? Not to innovate or adapt? Not to find new ways to compete in a changing marketplace but to violate the law to manipulate market conditions to quash a competitor’s earned advantage? Sure, I guess that’s rational. This must be a line of thinking I missed out on by skipping law school.
“Look out!” became the words of the moment. Not only on our raft, but all around us.
If you would like to stop by their blogs I am sure they would be pleased to see your comments and if you want to know how something was done I am sure there will be more details on their own blogs.
Now, I actually thought of something to say. I have a reason to thank you guys! I’m getting more blog views from people, and I would just like to say, I would love if you would stay. Yeah! Nailed that! Or did I? Well, I would love if you guys continue visiting this blog. Not that I want too much viewers, it’s just that I want people to see my art and my read about my passion of anime. Once again, thank you so much!
Quite clear, no doubt, somehow
If you are a regular reader of mine, you will know that Dad, Doctor Williams, The Doc, is in fact a Medical Professional not recognised by any Professional Medical Organisation.
Jacob, we love you! You are an amazing son, a loving boy and a charmer! Everyone who meets you loves you. The three of us were meant to be together! We love you and we will love you forever!
"What," I wanted to know, "is that going to get me?”
This fundraiser is really important to me as a way to give back for the amazing job the Texas Scottish Rite Hospital did with my youngest daughter, Paige. Every time I see her run, I think of the doctors and therapists that gave her this gift.
I'm a big fan of acoustic music and especially when it has feeling and passion. In the 70's I was never away from live scenes like these...usually crammed in a small upstairs pub (even though I didn't drink after '74). There's something about the human condition and inner struggles that I find compelling in song.
Cooking can be quite easy and enjoyable with the right type of kitchen accessories. You can easily find an endless variety of accessories that are quite functional as well as cost efficient. There are many online stores that sell a variety of accessories required for a well equipped kitchen.
Strawberry Tart, the most delicate one of all, require a little bit more time to make but worth every minute, absolutely gorgeous.
Netherne-on-the-Hill
This idea has been kicking around my head for the past couple of weeks now, born of a few comments between Shira (In Pursuit of More) and me – when I invited myself over to partake of one of her inspired dips and she graciously welcomed me to come on by. Sadly, of course, that was not possible. Though we share a continent, there were too many miles between us for me to have made it there in time for the main course, let alone the hors d’oeuvre. But it got me thinking: wouldn’t it be nice to gather this warm community of eating, baking and cooking bloggers for a feast? One day where we all come together to share favorite recipes as if we were really sitting down – plates balanced on knees, juggling glasses – to eat together? A virtual vegan potluck.
One of the toughest things to find a good gluten-free replacement for is pizza. Over the past few years, I have found a few good substitutes, though, and I thought I’d share my findings.
Driving home, we made a stop at Blind Pass and watched the surfers from the beach. Not many people here and the ones on the beach are bundled up in coats. Not many birds are even braving the cold.
“No can do little buddy, I got myself an appointment with Miller.”
Instead of our usual group post on the 1st of the month with a new stamps set, each DT member get to be showcased for one day and Alyssa asked us to make a project with our favorite set. And Alyssa gave us a few questions to answer to get people to know the team better...
fell in love with an angel, and Caden is now a demon of the Abyss. Can
That is no way to behave if you are trying NOT to draw attention to yourself, young lady. But the paparazzi are surely grateful for the view. As is this loyal fan. And I’m sure the security staff were grateful a riot wasn’t started. This time.
Agents can't be like long lost cousins of lottery winners coming out of the woodwork suddenly when there's money to be had.
Thoughts from David: Well, I really love what the bears do. It’s cooler than cool.
Fifteen years down the track Cameron has endured many years of mainstream therapies and alternative therapies and attends a special school to try and learn life skills. He is a non verbal, non toilet trained, giant toddler who is incredibly affectionate, sociable and loving with a dose of cheeky thrown in. He struggles with most tasks in life. I still get the beautiful cuddles that he gave me as a baby but I really shouldn't. He should be out hanging with his mates but he doesn't have any.
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year~! Did Santa bring you everything you wanted?
Third pick was the Libertine wedges. A. because I was almost getting uncomfortable with the low-ish heels in the previous ones and B. I still can’t say no to a wedge. A wedge with graphic graffiti-like paint-splatters in it? Long time blog readers already know how I feel about things painted white, ad on a high heel to that and I am a very happy blogger.
The memories smoulder and the soul always yearns
Georgette: "WINSTON! Bark bark bark! Don't come any closer! I knew this would happen one day!"
Taking 100% responsibility for your life may sound difficult or scary but it can be very freeing too because you will know that you have the power to choose. Choose who you allow in your life, choose how you react to situations and choose how you perceive certain events. You can unlock from the shackles of blame and resentment and take your power back.
Peredur hung forward, his arms stretched awkwardly behind him, bound behind a large tree. Now fully awake, he tried to stand upright and surge forward, but the bonds held.
7.) Deep Purple - Burn - Spinal Tap idiots will pick Smoke On The Water or Highway Star (nota bene: I picked Highway Star!- mm). Ian Gillan was at his best as Jesus. A room full of apes could've come up with Smoke On The Water (some say did). Burn does sound like a witch is being burned at the stake, and has the added bonus of Ian Paice's finest drum track ever.
This seems to be the master from the VHS from the late 80s, and although I don’t have a copy to compare it to the DVD, I can’t see a master this bad being made any later than 1993. The clarity is ok, seeming like a very good VHS, and the only video sourced issue seems with crane shots, which have this strange shaking image that doesn’t seem to be from the original presentation.
From Goodreads: First published in 1955, A Night to Remember remains a completely riveting account of the Titanic's fatal collision and the behavior of the passengers and crew, both noble and ignominious. Some sacrificed their lives, while others fought like animals for their own survival. Wives beseeched husbands to join them in lifeboats; gentlemen went taut-lipped to their deaths in full evening dress; and hundreds of steerage passengers, trapped below decks, sought help in vain.
4. Black beans fresh bath, alum mordanted bath
I'm so excited to share part of my new line with you. I have so so many new items to get up in the shops that it is going to take a full day. I blocked off Wednesday to get them all up. I'll post the links on Wednesday evening :)
I found a caddy that would fit those items and what do you know - it works beautifully. Did someone just drop a spoon? No worries, here's another one. Need a little more salt? Here's the shaker. Straws make for easier drinking of milk - it tastes better, I hear. So we have those at the ready as well.
e - makes the "ay" sound as in the English word "cafe"
3. CTM. Cleanse, Tone, Moisturize before putting on makeup. Remember that the secret to great makeup starts with healthy skin.
The recipe I would post up in a minute is inspired by muesli cookies that I used to eat for breakfast or tea time, back when I was in University.
European Registry of Congenital Anomalies (Eurocat). Report 7: 15 years of surveillance of congenital anomalies in Europe 1980–1994. Scientific Institute of Public Health-Louis Pasteur, Brussels 1997.
From swatches on the net I thought it would look similar to Essence Barefoot through the moss (minus the shimmer), but Gemma is darker than Essence and has more blue in it, while Essence leans toward olive green.
-Going out for sushi Sunday night! Sushi is delicious all the time, but it's even better when it involves awesome people, hangman, and sillyness.
Better news 'on the waterfront' - Kirklees College has received government funding to move its campus behind the Rat and Ratchet on Chapel Hill. It's the proposed centrepiece of a waterfront quarter of flats and offices. The college will have to come up with a cheaper plan but without the funding the whole 'quarter' would have been mothballed.
Select an operation to perform: 1
I've been trying to make this post since this morning, but I'm so easily distracted!
• Ear hair grows three times faster than any other hair on the body after forty. And it NEVER falls out.
And Paul Wagenseil quotes Mikko Hypponen and Jonathan Zdziarski in response to Eugene Kaspersky’s observation that Apple is ten years behind Microsoft in security terms. Oddly, I’ve been asked three times for media comment on that, but none of it has appeared. If you’re interested in my opinion, you may have to wait until I put it up here. Which I rather think I will, some time this week.
"What you t'ink of 'Fire?'"
It’s fitting, then, that the other major news story of the day was the handing down of several suspensions to the players that were involved in the Saints’ Bountygate scandal. (Johnathan Vilma – full season, Anthony Hargrove – eight game, Will Smith – four games, Scott Fujita – three games.)
P.S. No review would be complete without mentioning the hilarious moment of Korean Jesus. I have no idea where they came up with this, but it proves one of the funniest, off-the-wall moments of the film.
immediate knowledge
03 Trust Your Old Friend 04:29
� List Angels - in the Confederate Arena
What about you and me and our bubble of intimacy
Here are a couple art supply ideas that I pinned on Pinterest:
selling himself as a two-bit Macbeth
They say in good times and sad times you really find out who your friends are and to have so many of you, (who PS I've often never even met in in real life) be such kind and loving friends...well...it was truly overwhelming for me.
I like the change in the Linear Motion Battle System, which now allows you to sidestep around opponents. It also uses Chain Capacity, which allows you to chain together attacks. The storyline is great, although you usually can't go too long without them talking about and questioning friendship. (Hence the name I call it.) I am usually interested in the characters and how their personalities clash. (That is why I like to talk about each character individually.) The way the character's in this game react to each other is terrific and often leads to humorous conversations. This shows mostly during optional small cutscenes called skits and after battles.
How much food and water should I pack?
WHY? Because we can. And because I want to.
Spoon the jam over top of the base, spreading it out evenly. Sprinkle the remainder of the crumbs over top and then return to the oven and bake for 5 to 10 minutes longer, until the topping is golden. Sprinkle with the 2 tsp of sugar and allow to cool completely in the tin, before cutting into squares to serve.
Taking a bearing for the tree line on Matley Ridge in the distance, I cross Longwater Lawn through sinuous black fingers of recently burnt heather, the crisp ground crunching beneath my boots. A small bird flits from one brittle charred stem to the next, too far away to identify – a species of finch maybe, with its dark head perhaps a bullfinch? A line of goat willows, and the young stems of bog myrtle, indicate increasing wetness underfoot and soon the crunch becomes a squelch. In bare patches in the damp soil, I find the tracks or ‘slots’ of deer – 6 species can be found in the New Forest. Soon, the landscape, treeless save for the occasional stunted windswept birch, becomes pock-marked with small crater-like ponds, some drying, others full of rust-coloured water covered with an oily film – indicative of the peaty soil beneath. Growing in the waterlogged mud of the wetter spots, I spy sundews, a type of carnivorous plant of which there are 3 species native to Britain.
“Wonky” blocks are all the rage in quilting today: wonky log cabins, wonky stars, wonky geese—even wonky Drunkard’s Path! With videos and step-by-step instructions, this app teaches you how to put the “wonk” in your stitch and churn out bizarre blocks that’ll have your bee buzzing with envy!
I do believe that the Top Note die was the first Stampin' Up! die I purchased several years ago when I was still just a customer...and a very happy customer as well. These treat bags that you can make with the top note and a small paper bag are just the cutest!! Aren't they! And they are so much fun to give away!
that's you.... Cath...well done...you will enjoy your candy I am sure..
Natural selection predisposed us to the taste of sugar and fat (its texture as well as taste) because sugars and fats offer the most energy (which is what a calorie is) per bite. Yet in nature–in whole foods–we seldom encounter these nutrients in the concentrations we now find them in in processed foods… (106)
(That is also a fantastic song by The Swell Season from the movie Once)
Backwards Loop Cast On Technique: (You can either cast on this way or the regular way, but I thought it would be nice to learn a new technique).
The Annual Social Directors’ Roundtable, a gathering of social directors at country clubs throughout South Florida, held their annual event at Maggiano’s of Boca Raton. Highlighting the event were centerpieces donated by Field of Flowers.
Sadly he didn't make it through to the final 50 of the BBC Radio 2's Breakfast Show 500 Words competition. He is not at all disheartened and, to be perfectly honest, is hugely relieved as he loathes any sort of attention!
There will three winners, and to enter, simply leave a comment and tell us how you will use your fleur de sel. Winners will be announced on Friday.
I’m thrilled to have been able to gain some inside perspective on innovative approaches to sustainable economic development during my admittedly short stay at Grameen Foundation – while also creating some fantastic spreadsheets for the Marketing department, I might add! It’s exciting to be starting out on what I hope will be a long career in development, especially at a moment when the traditional model has been effectively flipped on its head. I’m eager for what comes next (I’ll soon be moving on to a development consulting firm), and am grateful to everyone at Grameen Foundation who has helped make my introduction to Washington – and the “desk” side of development – such a pleasure.
"Don’t tell anyone - but I’m being watched."
4 Unknown Artist - Untitled 2
Dishwashers galore!
The artwork you see featured on the clip is by the talented John-Mark Gleadow. If you have a similar passion for bookshelves as I do, I'm sure you will find inspiration for words among them.
Take the city of Wuhan, southwest of Shanghai and about 500 km in from the coast. It is only China’s ninth-largest city, but in addition to a skyscraper half again as high as the Empire State Building it is currently building a subway system that will cost $45 billion, two new airports, a whole new financial district, and hundreds of thousands of new housing units. It is paying for all this with cheap loans from state-run banks.
I asked you if you would like one...and many of you did.
“Good, good! Well I’ve some business ta attend ta, so I’ll let ye run off and do whatevah ya’d like ta. Light bless!” the Crusder cheerfully exclaimed as he walked out of the room.
The WINNER will be chosen via Random.org and announced on Friday March 2, 2012.
This is a GREAT cookbook! Coming from Pennsylvania Dutch region in PA...there's lots of good "down-home" recipes that I would love to try (and some very familiar ones for my favorites, too!)
- She has only traveled the South/East Coast between Maryland and Florida. Made me feel very blessed to have the opportunity to travel this beautiful country on a regular basis.
I spent the week before Christmas on vacation in Providence, RI. Before hopping on that Amtrak train, I hit Barnes & Noble to stock up on a genre I'm further studying: romance novels.
there is no better way to start a new month than with a lot of inspiration from the FABULOUS prima ladies and a brand new product pick and palette!
Once I had moved away, I always made a point to play out from time to time. A new stage is just another new thrill, a new adventure in the path of life. What I learned from taking the risk of self-humiliation on that night is that it’s liberating to know that I can do something that not everyone else has the courage to do. It takes constant honing to stay adept at any skill, but it is well worth it for the recognition and confidence of knowing that I’m good at something.
In other review news, I thought this article in the New York Times blog, about the 7 most overused words in book reviews, was pretty funny. I think I'm guiltly of using (or overusing) at least four....
He was actually so mad that Spencer had to yell in to remind Jack that they were playing a PRETEND game of baseball...that was supposed to be fun....and, that there wasn't actually a BALL!!
Maybe hate is a strong word. I generally dislike kids because they are rude, messy and loud. They run around, touching stuff that doesn’t belong to them and being a general nuisance. If a kid turns out to be well mannered and polite, I might like them and let them hang out with my daughter.
"That is the same snake as last year but, look, it's a lot bigger. It's huge," Avery Haugen, 12, a student at Madison Elementary School, said to her friends seated near her.
Then I notice this little blue bouncy ball I got for him as a stocking stuffer. The ball that I thought was made of either plastic or a hard rubber. Apparently not, as it had a huge bite taken out of it. Ugh.
The BOUNDED SET is a very exclusive kind of thing.
So much of what is now done by ad agencies--"front-end" development, user experience protocols is infrastructure development. It's not differentiated. Or differentiateable.
Given by Papa God, February 1, 2012
Got to be Mackies with (Paul) Hartleys lemon and lime jelly, the desert of champions.
The London Marathon is on this morning and it looks like they've got good weather. My mother, as is her tradition will be sat in front of the TV in her dressing gown watching the spectacle and privately cheering on all those brave souls who run for charity. A colleague of mine, Ian ran the Hull marathon a couple of weeks ago and he raised several hundred quid for Macmillan nurses who care for people who are desperately ill with cancer. It was his first marathon but sadly, it seems the event was poorly organised and the course was too short so it doesn't officially count, but in my mind, he's a star anyway.
In other news, I'm reading John Irving's A Prayer for Owen Meany for the first time ever (though I did see that somewhat horrible movie with Ashley Judd several years ago) and realizing that not only have I never read this book, I've never read ANY Irving whatsoever in all of my 45 years. I know. It's appalling, the gap in my literary education, especially when you consider I was in TAG English for 4 years in high school and minored in English in college. All we did was read, and then write about what we read! Eight years of that, and no Irving. I mean, really. (Also no Austen, no Bronte sisters, no London, no Stevenson, no Dostoyevski, no Tolstoy, no Eliot.)(What WERE we reading? A whole hell of a lot of Orwell, Vonnegut, Hemingway, Flaubert, Hawthorne, Crane, Melville, Ellison, Hesse, de Maupassant, Chaucer and Shakespeare. I know, right?)(Also, Flaubert and de Maupassant can both bite me, EXCEPT I THINK THEY MIGHT ENJOY THAT.)
We are dedicating this Month of May to the Male Gender. Yes Anything 4 U!
I always miss my Dad.
this comes in handy: whether you don't know what to wear or just need a new dress.
He started speaking. He told me this was going to be my punishment for all the little stunts I pulled up to and including the ones at the bar. He then laid out my transgressions one by one. He was thorough and he didn't leave anything out from walking out to letting him wonder what had happened to me to ignoring him to refusing to submit to him to blatantly disobeying him. He even remembered the kick.
Given the human heterogeneity of the basin, the achievement of a socially stable, politically benign environment for river basin development will always be challenging. However, there are important ways in which the development of benefits from the river’s waters can form a positive feedback loop, assisting national development processes in adding advantage to deprived regions, increasing successful national integration and economic development, and eventually broadening the elimination of poverty within the basin.
Wednesday, September 21
I was out walking the dog last night with my 16 year old daughter, and I asked her theoretically (because she doesn’t game) what kind of game-setting she would be interested to role-play in, if…you know…she gamed.
Yuichi Kikuchi, Special Effects Director
Streaked in public
To make a long story short,something strange happened to me after my encounter with old Colt….I became a fan. Not only of Colt Ford, but of other country musicians as well. If you knew me, you’d know this is a big deal.
“This is the first exercise of this type to ever be conducted in the District of Columbia and at Georgetown University. It was an excellent opportunity to test our mass dispensing capability as well as our emergency notification and alerting technology for those involved in emergency response on Georgetown’s campus,” said Whit Chaiyabhat, Director of Emergency Management & Operational Continuity. “Georgetown’s involvement in an exercise of this magnitude represents the significant growth and continuous improvement of Georgetown’s emergency preparedness and management programs. Over the past three years, DEMOC’s strategy has been to increase institutional resiliency through timely training programs to capitalize on our community’s spirit of volunteerism. DEMOC’s initiatives highlight our inherent core values of fostering a culture of preparedness and caring for others. Our emergency preparedness volunteers and their commitment is proof of that today.”
Several theories are now pointing at the idea of mid-brain activity being at the heart of ME, CFS, Fibromyalgia and other fatigue and auto-immune conditions. The notion being put forward is that instead of switching off once the danger has passed, the flood of instructions keep coming. But the fight-or-flight response was designed to be temporary, not permanent, and consequently the person can end up with an array of symptoms, from fatigue to muscle pain to IBS as the body and immune system steadily wears itself out.
Besides being aware of some recent and ancient forms of brutality, I have also read the fine print in the few episodes of reality TV I have watched: the producers control everything. In the context of The Hunger Games, the producers direct engineers and visual artists to use their imaginations to almost instantaneously create moving three-dimensional matter (with some present-day visual effects reminiscent of Iron Man 2, Avatar, and Minority Report). The result, however, is not merely a heightening of suspense or competitiveness, but wounding and killing people. In the real world, the producers’ motives are usually to increase profits from advertising, but from this movie, the only objective I could decipher was the perpetuation of the psychological oppression of masses of people.
And red coats of paint.
Her condition was not helped with the fact that Uganda had no definite answers to her cause. And so did the Centre for Disease Control (CDC) team in Atlanta, which is possibly, the world’s center of medical research grappled with samples in their labs hoping to find remedy for the disease which continued to cause mayhem to the children of northern Uganda.
No Regrets for Our Youth – 0
1 cup (150g) plain (all-purpose) flour
Rush and stomp eating useless fruits.
INN: In one sense, things seem to be OK because the overall income has been increasing. What makes the aging producer a critical problem?
Southern Tier Choklat
I am very open about being on anti-depressants. I am very open about the fact that I have been suicidal. Neither of these is my fault, it's not something evil which I need to hide; I've had dark times and I'm just thankful I made it through. I hope that by sharing it (when appropriate) it might help someone else seek help or help someone talk to others they know who are depressed.
*pause* "Yes" *pause* "Do you want some?"
I'm not good at making valentines, but here is my try. Actually I have made several for this month's SSSD swaps.
I thought this from the start but Ramsey had me pretty convinced it was a girl. But all I can say is that I just need to trust myself that the only time in life I will crave a Jr. Bacon Cheeseburger from Wendy's EVERY single day of my first trimester is when I am preggers with a boy. It happened with Luke and it happened this time, sometimes at midnight (thanks Ramsey)
Of course, some of the groups who have benefited personally from bankrupting the country either turn a blind eye to avoid confronting the moral issues, or they rationalize from false premises and feel good slogans, or they just stick with the idea that it is right to get what you can for yourself regardless of expense to others--as long as it is legal. What's more legal than government money?
Spring Sing.
What is going in, for those not up on this latest example of brilliant urban planning, is a federal probation facility for 1,700 high level offenders. (Brownstoner was first with this story.) So what's the problem?
Bandung’s topography, with its surrounding volcanic mountain range, inspired the response to sculpt the urban ground plane into a landform of ‘cliffs’ and ‘valleys’, and a central atrium riverbed around which the hotel public spaces are organised. The landscaped ground plane is folded into a massive stone canyon wall facing the lobby, its carved texture inspired by a geometric Javanese batik pattern. As it extends upwards, it wraps up to the reception, ballroom, business center and spa and culminates in the rooftop leisure retreat. The dramatic unfolding of spaces throughout the architecture, landscape and interior design offers a holistic multisensory experience imbued with the spirit of Bandung.
God-kind of faith; the supernatural faith that God applies.”
Then, it was time to make the adorable cupcake wrappers. This was my favorite part of the entire project. I used this cupcake wrapper template! I printed out the template and traced it out on my blue cardstock. I cut out the wrappers and fit them around my cupcakes to make sure they fit. Then, I blued them together with regular Elmer’s glue. Then, I attached the white pom pom balls for the tail and feet! ADORABLE!!!
“Ecclesia reformata semper reformanda est” - which translates as: “The reformed Church must go on being reformed”. The point being that change doesn’t just happen once. To be worth anything it must be continuous.
John Fonte describes how this cultural war is now being played out in the USA in his powerful piece “Why There Is A Culture War: Gramsci and Tocqueville in America.” According to him, “beneath the surface of American politics an intense ideological struggle is being waged between two competing worldviews. I will call these “Gramscian” and “Tocquevillian” after the intellectuals who authored the warring ideas — the twentieth-century Italian thinker Antonio Gramsci, and, of course, the nineteenth-century French intellectual Alexis de Tocqueville. The stakes in the battle between the intellectual heirs of these two men are no less than what kind of country the United States will be in decades to come.”
Living in Colorado, and more specifically in Fort Collins, you tend to see some things that probably wouldn't happen elsewhere. We are the city that hosts the original Tour de Fat after all - the world's largest bike parade (think 20,000 people dressed in ridiculous costumes riding a specific route to a carnival). We think about things just a little bit differently. And by "We", I mean that hodge podge of hippies, hipsters, beer snobs, college students, mountain/tree huggers, outdoor enthusiasts, wild life hunters, etc. that have decided to make Fort Collins home. And me.
Eventually, I’d learn the right facial expression to make at passers-by. It was the, “Oh yeah? What the FUCK are you looking at?” face that kept the junkies at bay during my time on Vancouver’s Downtown East Side. It’s the same dynamic you see in those little dogs under the skinny chick’s arm – bark loudly and hope you don’t have to back it up. I wish I knew the trick a decade earlier.
His first post will appear tomorrow.... and he will also be hosting Gevalia's Beanchat on FB this Thursday Aptil 5th at 9:00 a.m. Central Time where you can join and get to know him better!
CLICKING ON PHOTO WILL INLAGE THE IMAGE
I am self-aware that I am most likely over-speculating this situation. After all, “Alex” was written by sketch comedy group Studio8, whereas “The Room” was written by Wiseau. But every time I enjoy the unintentionally hilarious, there will be a lingering consideration of deception.
In other news, I'm currently working on my rankings of the Top 10 albums of 2011. That will be unveiled soon, but rest assured that Cults, Lykke Li and Bon Iver will be on it. I'm also in the process of ranking all 106 bands I saw live in 2011. So far, legends Aretha Franklin and Paul McCartney are topping the list.
Sometimes a conversation ensues, often by email.
Put 5 egg yolks and whisk with hot syrup in bain-marie until thick
“We don’t expect kittens to fight wildcats and win. We merely expect them to try.”
our life is good and God has been good to us.
Of course, no dimensional project is complete without a little bling & pearls
Harris Dismissed from Boston College Football Team
While the affordable units would be half of the 4500 rentals, the addition of 2360 market-rate condos means that the project would include less than 33 percent affordable units--and likely an even smaller percentage of the housing space would go to those units.
This is Cynthia Guffy. She was super! Her clothing and pattern line are pretty cool. The details that she uses and teaches will simplify and make my future sewing projects more professional looking. Too bad I didn't know one of her secrets the day before when I was making the bow for the back of Maddy's dress! But I used that tip on a project I did yesterday. more on that later... Maybe I'll do a tutorial on it next week.
Even still, the night was agony. My mom said she kept looking at the sky, hoping to see some light, some signal of time passing. She felt like it would never end. But, as all hard things do, the night finally did come to an end. Morning came and they got her on the power boat and to the ramp at Bullfrog Marina.
and Palm breweries.
I went up town this afternoon but came home pretty quick because there was nothing going on.
Secondly, is speech only free when there is a "social quality" to that speech? This Orwellian terminology might wash with Guardian readers but not with most Conservatives. Jones burned the Koran because he wanted to, not because there was some value to society in doing so (even if he believed there might be). And, like it or not, he has the freedom to do so.
How I understand may not be how you understand. But who can disagree with another on the Ten Commandments? We all know what it means when it commands us not to murder, lie, commit adultery, steal and so on.
Cardstock: (True Black, white) PTI
I dunno!! I think that is kinda scary and I would be afraid to die and leave my kids without a mommy :(
left on the field trip, but clearly failed. Everything got pretty
3, Idiotic love triangle
Everything is connected. But I feel a certain disconnect, I have an urge to just leave my laptop here at the centre of the table, to run down a flight of stairs to the first floor, then push open the door and breathe night air in. I want to be away from reality and live in the stars.
The world building is limited; the main locations where the action takes place are Amenity Tower and the building where Kelly is housed by her employers. Any other places we visit are, with the exception of one or two, all in Pothole City. As the names suggest these are all fictitious places and while reminiscent of our world at the same time very different. Post doesn't spend much time on these differences, instead relying on her readers to just go with the flow and accept her alternate world vision. And much of this is left to the reader's imagination as well. While it's clear we're in an urban environment, the reader gets to fill in the blanks as to how this city looks and operates; for the author it is no more than the backdrop against which her story plays out.
Suzie still believes in happily-ever-after and after growing up reading classic adventure literature like Treasure Isle, Robinson Crusoe, and The Swiss Family Robinson tales, as well as epic novels like Gone with the wind, Suzie would dream up adventures of her own.With her love of history she brings the action of thrillers to historical romance with steamy, love scenes and a pace that will leave you breathless!
During my training there were direct, concrete truths given to me.
They are less common than European pears here mainly due to their occasional vulnerability to fire blight, the high water content of their fruit (which makes them less versatile in cooking), and their limited winter-hardiness. I also found out that fruit trees can be grown in containers, but it may produce slightly less yield and require steadfast attention to watering. It's best to cross-pollinate them with another pear tree.
The first officers who arrived on the scene chased a suspect into a home, where the suspect first barricaded himself inside a room and then menaced officers, who shot him dead, police said.
I cannot well repeat how there I entered,
Canyon's grand design
Where all night long, by a firefly lamp,
RIN: 0651-AB95
“I’m never going back to school again, and I’m NOT doing that play,” I told him. He stayed quiet.
The fact that he sold tickets he had been allocated for friends and family?
Then the door opened again, and a young man entered carrying a tray of steaming hot food and a large pitcher of water. The man set the tray down in front of Votara, and then left again without a word, the door sliding shut behind him. Votara stared at the food, motionless, for a few moments. Then, suddenly, he lunged forward and began drinking as much water as he could, as fast as he could. Then, he started in the food, ravenously devouring every scrap that was put in front of him.
OK, you see that cigarette? The one that you were smoking right in front of me in line, and that I was gracious enough to not even shoot you a dirty look about? Which you then THREW ON THE GROUND, still lit?
Aka the utility model, with IaaS providers such as Amazon your ‘server’ runs on their hardware in a pay-as-you-go environment (similar to the way that water and electricity and metered and delivered to your home.
Thus with aerodynamics covered in some 23 pages, the text moves onto suspension and the expectation of detail on the RB5-6′s trademark pullrod rear suspension. After a summary of the purpose of an F1 cars suspension, Pages 58-59 have some fantastic CAD renderings of front suspension, uprights and hub layouts. However the rear suspension rendering stops short at the pull rod and no rocker, spring, damper layouts are detailed. Hardly a secret item, so lacking this detail is let down for a book announced as an RB6 workshop manual. A lesser point, but also highlighting the censorship of some fairly key technical designs, was the lack of any reference to Inerters (Inertia or J-Dampers), The suspension rendering simply pointing to the inerter and calls it the ‘heave spring’, while naming the actual heave spring damper as simply another ‘damper’. Inerters have been in F1 since 2006, predating Renault’s mass damper. Their design and purpose is well documented and shouldn’t be considered something that needs censoring. It’s also this section that fails to showcase the RB5-6 gearbox case. Instead using a pushrod suspended RB4 (2008) gearbox, albeit one made in carbon fibre.
Another year in the books bye-bye 2011 and hello 2012. I'm not one to make new year's resolutions mostly because I would never write them down and after a few weeks forget what it was I was going to try to do or not to do for the year. I guess I do have some ongoing resolutions though: Get better organized, try to keep up with all the various intenety things I do (yeah like that one will happen).
And now the year gone by;
But don’t know how to get over on my own
“The modern world is full of the old Christian virtues gone mad. The virtues have gone mad because they have been isolated from each other and are walking alone. Thus some scientists care for truth; and their truth is pitiless. Thus some humanitarians only care for pity; and their pity (I am sorry to say) is often untruthful.”
The cover of the book starts Brewer’s history: she photoshops herself as Rosie the Riveter, an image developed during World War II as a symbol of putting people in this country to work and an image long associated with organized labor. Labor suffered, however, when Brewer became governor after President Obama appointed her predecessor, Janet Napolitano, as Secretary of Homeland Security.
As I stood there watching the snow, it hit me. When I saw the news reports of the devastation last year, it was snowing in Japan. That water was freezing.
Isaiah 13:16 Their infants will be dashed to pieces before their eyes; their houses will be looted and their wives ravished.
It won't go away!
To see earth worms ascending while I sleep,
It’s just a thought.
Some Dark chocolate for dessert and some ginger cookies
Manners are the art of making others feel at ease. They are not reserved for fancy occasions or only for guests in your home. You take them with you everywhere you go and by doing so make sure people always feel ‘at home’ in your presence.
Place tomato(es) on a baking sheet. Sprinkle the Morton's Nature Seasoning, sparingly. Drizzle a little extra virgin oil over tomato(es).
Acute always does such a fantastic job with reissues, and now they’ve broken their vinyl cherry (finally! give us yr older shitz on wax too pleez!) with The Disco Zombies LP which features their 3 singles along with a bevy of unreleased tracks (and even more stuff via download that comes w/ the record). Maybe you know the infectious title cut Drums Over London, but are you familiar with the later, sublime track “Mary Millington?” If not, get crackin’. S-S Records is no stranger to digging up the finest in unheard spizz, and they really hit one outta the park with their Sperm Wails single. While 80s UK snarl-experts, Sperm Wails, had a few (great) records during their existence, S-S managed to procure YouTube sensation “Lady Chatterley” for its first appearance on a real playable vinyl record. Happy happy joy joy kill kill die. Jack Ruby. The name conjures one of the defining images of 20th century America; a stocky fellow in a fedora shoving a revolver into the gut of ultimate patsy Lee Harvey Oswald. But if you’ve ever been even slightly obsessed with New York City’s No Wave scene then you know of them as an early mythical iteration of the anti-everything post-Stooge/VU proto-punk underground, particularly as relates to one George Scott, intense bassist of both the Contortions and 8-Eyed Spy and tragic heroin OD. Some recordings surfaced this year via his old roommate and they are a revelation. We’re talkin’ prime-time proto-punk (’74-’77) rock noise up there with all-time greats like Debris’, MX-80, and all those bands from the crucible of post-industrial rock, Cleveland Ohio. An enterprising French label, Saturday Records, took it upon themselves to make sure some of these amazing tracks, only existing as a download on a blog at that point, made it to vinyl. And thus we have Jack Ruby’s debut single “Hit & Run”/”Bad Teeth.” Prefiguring all kinds of weirdos like Crime, Chrome, and MARS, this stuff is potent. A CD featuring more material was issued by no wave historian Weasel Walter’s ugEXPLODE label came out simultaneously. Word is that Feeding Tube Records will be committing that document to wax. More stuff like this and I might never buy a new record again.
o If we examine the differences between diocesan and religious priests,
Vienna
I am just an old country girl at heart that loves being out in the woods. My list of loves include, camping, hiking, fishing ,some hunting,but most of all photography. I like to hunt for shed antlers, it's a great way to get exercise, and I sometimes come across wildlife while walking. I'm very comfortable in the woods and would love to share with you some of my encounters and photographs. I'm a mother of one daughter and a grandmother of one adorable grandon. I love to take him on nature walks. I'm married to the most wonderful man in the world, he is also my best friend. I would not have gotten a lot of these photos with out him driving or paddeling me around looking for wildlife. I use a Nikon D7000 SLR that I got a year ago, I love it, great camera. I have an 80-200mm f/2.8 ( through out it’s range) Nikkor lens I use a lot, and a Tamron 70-300mm I just purchased that I like very well. I love to get action shots , and I practice on the birds at my feeders.
Desperate to earn her guardians’ approval after a life-shattering mistake, young Bettina has no choice but to marry whichever suitor prevails—even though she’s lost her heart to another. Yet one lethal competitor, a mysterious cloaked swordsman, invades her dreams, tempting her with forbidden pleasure. More…
Cumbered with a load of care?
Our own MP George Eustice was moved to comment and repeated his assertion about the importance of getting Boris Johnson re-elected next week and then recommended the government spend some time on a ‘well-thought-through plan’ for May and June.
I am trying.
We can’t currently afford to phase out the LTT but sometime in the future we’ll be able to. What will have changed between now and then, I wonder? Oh yeah, further reduction in the role of the municipal government in our lives.
1 public-domain
And they were a pretty decent price, too. So I actually bought the tickets there and then. Whoosh! Just like that! It was very thrilling.
5) Return the roasted black and white sesame seeds to the pan and dry fry for ½ min.
I also went along to a charity fundraising event last week organised by MFG Solicitors in Telford to help raise money for Age Uk Shropshire Telford & Wrekin Diamond Appeal. I set up a table of Whinberry & Antler products, as well as donating a W&A Welsh lavender bag to the raffle prizes.
The new Berlin Brandenburg Airport (BBI) slated to open in May 2012 will boast expanded service routes, record passenger numbers, state of the art facilities—and 30 spaces for the detention of refugees seeking asylum in Germany.
There are a few different ways of “how to become a nanny” but these basics are pretty much included no matter which way you choose go.
revelry- kings of leon
Here are the profiles for a few of these students…
Pamodzi, founded in 1996 by a group of black entrepreneurs, said this week that Motlanthe and Dipico were “not actively involved in any Pamodzi business”.
The DP said it was "shocked and saddened" to hear of the six-month remission.
Many times people with intellectual and developmental disabilities are not included in basic conversations about their own spiritual life. It is up to us to educate others as well as minister with those we support.
* Php 2.5M net (non-negotiable)
So many dreams to get to this moment
There you have it. Sherri's wild and adventurous life. What I have been doing and some of the thrifty duds I wore doing what I do. Since this is all the outfit photos I could manage, I'm sharing with the weekly WIWW over at The Pleated Poppy. Plus most of them are from InstaGram, because I always seem to have my iPhone with me - so linking in with Life Rearranged for InstaFriday. Stop by for inspiration from both of these amazing ladies.
No, we didn't starve him - as Hamas did to Gilad Shalit in Gaza for five years.
MANNY: Sorry.
Now you’ve got soft, creamy polenta to use as a base for anything! The vegetable broth is definitely what makes it so flavorful. I have yet to let the polenta firm up and bake or sauté it, but I can imagine it’s just as yummy.
WIN! WIN! WIN! The short paragraph below was taken directly from the email I received on Facebook to win an iPad. Woo hoo!!! Read it, click on the link, and get started towards winning one for yourself...
When we return to our hotel in Samarkand, we find a drunken lone Finn wandering sadly around the foyer holding his head and plaintively saying to no-one in particular:
Well, I was in a bar during my lunch break (yesterday, my work went really bad - so I sedated myself today).
Art. III. Sec. 2′s provision that “The judicial Power shall extend to all Cases, in Law and Equity, arising under this Constitution,the Laws of the United States … under their authority”, including “controversies to which the United States shall be a Party….”
At the entrance to the street party. Changkat Bukit Bintang Road was closed to traffic for a night of live music performances, Irish dances, street artist, stand-up comedians, a carnival of fun games and activities..........
Eventually, they give up and leave you alone when you’ve proven them right. You are the problem, not them. You are the no good fuck-up: just look at what a mess you’ve made of your life, after they gave you every opportunity, after they tried their damnedest to teach you how to do it right.
He's super sympathetic. I called my mom and told her to hop on a plane to come take care of me. She said no, by the way. But I really think she would have if she lived any closer.
So. Not. Fair.
Stay tuned for more special blog features as we raid the closets of Toronto’s most fashionable personalities!
Getting a job in France is no simple task, even if you have a work visa. For expats it means finding someone willing to overlook your French language flaws, cultural faux-pas, and most importantly, the fact that you aren't French, and trust that despite all these 'drawbacks', you just might be competent one day (after months of their condescending tutelage).
Entry hutch painted Martha Stewart’s Chinchilla grey
Of course, ladies appreciate considerate dance partners. I think I am speaking not only for myself, when I say that we also value gentlemen who respect the initimacy of the tango embrace by making an effort to present themselves well for the occasion.
Swiss Chard
9 - Justin Tubb - I Gotta Go Get My Baby - 2:16
(Song & Original Singer P.Ramlee)
The wristlets turned out lovely! I got over my fear of zippers and by the time wristlet #4 rolled out I was a pro!
My son is coming over this morning for breakfast and we will skype with his family, who are living in Switzerland for a year. What a great way to keep in touch with friends and family.
Ineptocracy – a system of government where the least capable to lead are elected by the least capable of producing, and where the members of society least likely to sustain themselves or succeed are rewarded with goods and services paid for by the confiscated wealth of a diminishing number of producers.
1/2 tsp ground black pepper
Good news: your PhD degree will earn you about 26% more than your bachelor's degree. Now the bad news: a Master's degree, which takes considerably less time will earn you about 23% more than a bachelor's will. The numbers here are simple: if the outcomes you are primarily concerned with are financial, the PhD doesn't seem to make sense (or cents) for people.
In the dressing, I added a little Cider Vinegar, just for some extra acid to boost the orange juice
Dedication: “To John Gormly (1925-1967), fellow student at the University of Chicago
Preheat the oven to 190˚C/375˚F/gas mark 5. Sift the flours, salt, bicarbonate of soda and sugar into a large bowl. Rub in the butter with your fingertips until thoroughly blended. Mix in the olive oil. Gradually mix in the milk, first with a spoon and then with your hands, to make a soft dough. Knead this for a minute or two, either in the bowl or on a flour-dusted surface. Shape it neatly into a shape of your choice. Place on a greased or floured baking sheet or wide, flat tin. Glaze with milk or yoghurt if you fancy and sprinkle on some seeds if you fancy. Score the top of the loaf in a pattern that suits your purposes, then leave the loaf to rise a little for 10 minutes. Place in the oven and bake for about 30 minutes, or until it sounds hollow when tapped underneath. Serve as soon as it is cool enough to eat. Soda bread rarely keeps long, but to give it a fighting chance store it wrapped in tinfoil. If you have any left, that is.
I attended a lecture at the Fermi Lab in Batavia last Friday, called “Sleights of Mind.” The researchers, Stephen Macknik and Susana Martinez-Conde, talked about how and why we are taken in by magic. The brain, it turns out, cannot multi-task. It can only focus on one thing at a time, which is why misdirection, the fundamental trick in sleight of hand, works. Visual information is so complex for the brain to process that it takes 18% of the cerebral cortex to do the work, in the lump at the back called the Occipital Lobe. Your eyes can only focus on one thing at a time, which is why we keep shifting our gaze if we want to take in a larger scene. If we didn’t have to shift, i.e. if we could put our peripheral vision also into focus, the brain would have to be 500 times bigger than it is.
Those were just cooler times, man. Prank Fest at the 513 club where you could see everyone from The Locust to Dystopia for like $6. His Hero Is Gone and Reversal Of Man at Under The Couch on the Georgia Tech campus. Damad in some dudes kitchen in the middle of the ghetto. I'd like to say I participated in seeing a bunch of crusty bands in the warehouses of West Atlanta, but that was a little before my time. When you're not old enough to drive there's only so many shitty and/or decrepit places your father will drop you off and come back for you in a few hours.
Crash into a parked car.
Don't get me wrong, I actually don't mind folding laundry! Really. I just hate putting it away. I digress.
Or perhaps the whole second-hand book market, charitable or otherwise, drives most authors crazy. I can’t say that I’d blame them for worrying about the impact it must have on already fairly minimal incomes. And are books in charity shops passed on so that others can enjoy the good read, or because they aren’t considered interesting enough to keep? (One or the other, I suppose, has to be the case.)
Anyway, I have lots to report. Item one…Gaines can WALK. Yes, as in the baby that might not walk or might walk funny, can walk across the room. Hallelujah, Praise the Lord! Now, he is by no means a walker and still much prefers to crawl to get around but knowing that he CAN do it, makes my heart so happy. I feel like at this point (and the therapist agrees) that he just needs to keep it up and get stronger and stronger. I hope to report by his birthday in 2 months that he is a walker. Prayers appreciated.
But this one had very nice eyeshadow on today. It was her first visit to the brand spankin' new California Academy of Sciences, practically in her backyard, in Golden Gate Park. She thought this outing was definitely worth dressing up for.
But I survived you. No longer am I a stranger to deep-seeded resentment, or soul-crushing disappointment. I couldn’t call us meant-to-be anymore. I couldn’t call you my savior anymore. I couldn’t call myself a good girl anymore.
6. I am the most irritating person on earth when I have cold. :-/
According to Distilled Spirits Council (DISCUS) data, the Bourbon & Tennessee segment is now number one in U.S. whiskey sales, passing Canadian whiskey for the first time in, well, a long time.
The Mariner’s tale begins with his ship departing on its journey. Despite initial good fortune, the ship is driven south off course by a storm and eventually reaches Antarctica. An albatross appears and leads them out of the Antarctic but, even as the albatross is praised by the ship’s crew, the Mariner shoots the bird (“with my cross-bow / I shot the albatross”). The crew is angry with the Mariner, believing the albatross brought the south wind that led them out of the Antarctic. However, the sailors change their minds when the weather becomes warmer and the mist disappears (“‘Twas right, said they, such birds to slay / that bring the fog and mist”). However, they made a grave mistake in supporting this crime as it arouses the wrath of spirits who then pursue the ship “from the land of mist and snow”; the south wind that had initially led them from the land of ice now sends the ship into uncharted waters, where it is becalmed.
But a dream within a dream?
Or was it? And is this last statement of mine too obtuse for anywhere but my private writing journal?
“That coon needs more attention than I. I'm just cold, tired and sore; nothing a hot bath won't cure.”
The background was made with PPs and masks to give that layered, texture look, I stamped straight onto the card as well as stamped images and cut out. I also coloured the reverse side by covering it lightly in the colours I had used on the front to give it an aged, vintage look. This is a Penny Black stamp.
The agents ghosts accept stars next to their nicknames if you see them on tracks. You can acquire a brilliant for yourself as well. It is abandoned arresting to added players in-game, but the brilliant appears in your Records awning (Records button from the capital menu) if you acquire it.
the black robe/dress, supposedly learned in the “law”, is in reality
Start learning.
8) Mi Companjera
Google +: I do very little over there as it has nothing new to offer.
And kneel and say an "Ave" there for me.
This stamp is by Steve Benson, he has the freeks factory
So, after a few days of lounging at the pool, coconut-almond iced lattes, and some pretty serious naps in the sun (our bartender was a little heavy handed with the rum in our daiquiris), the day of our "appointment with a dolphin" finally came.
And then he laughed, thinking, judging by the look on his face, that he’d stumbled a bit, said something graceless.
There are still a vast number of flags that may never be saved!
I've mentioned that my stepping down from running the family might create some problems and getting used to the changes do have everything in a bit of turmoil. Even though Tish and Buddy are doing a great job and the kids are responding well enough, we have a lot of speed bumps ahead.
The other rishis, their wives, sons and students also started insulting Gautama and Ahalya. They said that the havirbhujas (the devas are called that because they accept havih, the offering put into the fire and the pitarah (the forefathers) would never accept any offerings, if a cow killer remained in their midst.
I used all SU stuff to create this. Enjoy and happy haunting!
study the American presidency know that in a conversation like this, you could talk about historical events of tremendous consequence and limit the conversation to history. You could talk about the great social developments and movements of the twentieth century. Movements that had such a direct connection to the life of Jimmy Carter. You could talk about geopolitics or economics or many other things, but it is fascinating that in this conversation, the focal issue was theology. Specifically, the Bible. That makes this conversation all the more rare
I sent her a final email asking her politely what part of the spectrum of Christianity her behaviour belonged in. I also said I wasn't angry, just disappointed with that behaviour. I said, too, that I wanted to continue to think well of her and was there any thing she could say that would help me to do that. That was back in May and I have not heard a word from her since.
*Sigh* Someone teach this my man how to be appropriate!
But the lyrics are worth paying attention to as well, she says. They’re often written by respected poets, and they take on issues like class, poverty and politics — even topics as touchy as domestic terrorism.
Extraordinary bosses see technology as a way to free human beings to be creative and to build better relationships. They adapt their back-office systems to the tools, like smart phones and tablets, that people actually want to use.
5.- Battle Rhyme Hookers - Produced by Tonedeff
What form does ADD take in a person that does not see? Does this, in fact reduce their chances of experiencing the traditional form of sensory overload we are so used to experiencing?
of my precious mom that I had never seen before...
So I am going to like many of my creative friends adopt a word - a word that will guide my life and help me celebrate my 50th year of life. There are millions of great words to choose from, such as :
Better Equipped
dragged up a ball and had a little friendly take over of the sports
Which drag is more impactful on your returns, MER’s or the behaviour gap drag?
Last week I signed up for Dewey's Read-a-thon too. You can sign up here if you want to take part. I will try to post my reading list for it this week. If I can finally make up my mind.
“This is the rise of Kundalini, its beginning. Kundalini now is connected with the body. Sivalingam paved the way and became a link.
Her skin crawled as she stared at the doll. She ran her hand over her forehead and down her face. This doll was no Sunny, that was for sure.
There are always consequences to our actions whether we’re in or out of character. Allowing the characters in your writing to do the unexpected can take your writing in a direction you might not necessarily feel comfortable going but it is often worth investigating because it very likely will reveal levels to them that you might never have thought to investigate normally. And if you don’t like where the road less travelled takes you, well, this isn’t real life – you can just tear up those pages and take the other one.
"Many scoff when jihad is declared by a small group of extremists from a tiny Islamic nation about which little is known. The imperative to subjugate non-Muslims, however, runs deep among Muslims around the world—not just in the hills and caves of Afghanistan or the remote sands of Yemen.
“Our target is to expand the present group of supporters for the Afrikaner struggle considerably – but to also show up the ANC as the ‘pole-cat’ in the country which once upon a time, gave the ANC so much financial aid.’
Where the justice is….what kind of Punishment is this?
Costco’s biggest foreign relations secret is almost too counter-intuitive to write. It’s the rudeness. You see, one of the most difficult things to learn in another culture is manners. But one of Costco’s unspoken rules is that etiquette is optional. If you don’t believe me, see how well your manners do with one free sample left. At the same time, the generous return policy reduces the need for business vocabulary, cussing, and lying which are all difficult to pick up. Costco is a consulate.
Call Log
I am constantly asking, “how I can get to know my students as individuals?”
It was also lovely and very exciting to finally meet a number of bloggers, writers and food-lovers from Twitter! (Hi all!! Thanks for passing me that bottle of water!!)
“UDC ought to be a premier nursing school in the country. The nursing shortage is so bad we have to bring in nurses from the Philippines. What’s negative about that? Nothing’s negative about that,” he said. “It’s an asset to the United States to have access to nurses from other countries, but I want UDC to be the premier nursing institution.... Every time I mention a group, it’s not negative, it’s a fact.”
2. Drain the water and add more cold water – about 3 times the amount of water than the beans and barley. Add the garlic and bay leaf and bring to the boil, reduce heat and simmer for about 1 hour or until both the beans and the barley are soft. (Most of the water will cook away and you’ll be left with a very porridgey mixture – don’t worry.)
NOTE: But fornication and all uncleanness or covetousness, let it not even be named among you, as is fitting for saints;
Speculation #2): There’s a data security problem; it’s not “safe” for private patient data to flow freely between systems.
so, off to creative escape i go. i had bags packs then i realized that last year i had to buy stuff in the gift shop to keep me warm - they kept the classrooms freezing (duh - i should know this by now....) so, i pulled out all my summer clothes that you would expect someone to take to arizona when it is 112 degrees & packed long sleeve outfits. crazy i know but it was a good move on my part :) this year, i had a little more baggage than normal: i had my 4 month old baby in tow. don't get me wrong, he is sooooo good, actually perfect but still a lot of extra stuff to haul. i know what you are thinking: WHY? well, to be honest it wasn't a question if i would take him OR if i was even gonna go to ce - more of a question of HOW! then, a good friend Leigh Ann offered her 19 year old daughter to come to the hotel & watch him in my room - soooo perfect! i could run up during breaks but also just enjoyed the classes without worrying about him - she took such good care of him - thanks jordyn!
His writings stretch from a tribute to Alexander McQueen, an analysis of the architectural design of Manila to the occasional critique of religion. He adored the play of words, I told him once, he is a wordsmith.
E DESIGN ( design/ inspiration board via email after lots of on line discussion ) is the perfect option to help you design from scratch, update or finish a room! To see all the details visit Sarah Swanson Design.
Why can't I cook like her?
"Fantastic lyrics, I love the name "Magic Ship" and i think this song could be very sucessful! Well Done!!"
It's not a honeycomb. It's not an advertising hoarding. It's not a computer game. It's not some hi-tech set for a television game show, either.
Anyway, this is salad so it is quite easy. You just have to cut the ingredients and mix them. So for this salad, I added butter lettuce, orange pepper, yellow pepper, red pepper, tomato, kalamata olive, feta cheese and dolma. I used simple dressing of balsamic vinegar and olive oil.
Let’s see our hero! It has Soothing Moisture gel+Less sensitive Peeling+Pore Cleansing, three effect!! There are two steps using this product. The first step is moisture peeling and second is removing horny substance.
UPDATE: Here is the article! I am mentioned about 3/4 of the way down. It isn't a lot, but it is something, so I will gladly take it!!!!
This gift is a laugh for me. My husband and I aren't into gender roles but I know that we each need to have the other honor our feminine and masculine energies. Thus the hankies. He said he wanted some one day and then I found this fabric in my stash. Wa la!
Brown and lawyer friend Madeleine Flannagan have filed papers in the Auckland District Court, alleging they were defamed in Sperling's blog.
A fascinating interview with the man who helps set the IDF's ethical parameters.
Alternating between the emotional high of “Look, her eyes are open,” or “She’s crying!”
Dig That Groove Theme Tune 2:19
Enter Pinterest. Months before, I had casually started collecting images of ideas to serve as a jumping off point for when we got around to redoing the bathroom. I thought I would have months to meander my way into deciding how to renovate our little and only full bath. Now I had a matter of hours.
Finally, write your representatives and strongly suggest that the reins be pulled back on the EPA and a lessening of EPA regulations towards American manufacturers. Write companies that have sent their manufacturing overseas taking American jobs from Americans and tell them that you will not buy their products anymore until they bring back the jobs to America and increase the quality of their products.
The story is narrated by Ugla, a young woman from a very rural area in the north. She is unschooled and unrefined, and she has come to Reykjavík to work as a maid in the home of The Member of Parliament, Dr. Bui Arland. The family is wealthy, the wife feels her social significance deeply, and they, like most government officials, are vociferously anti-communist. Ugla finds herself immersed in the class struggle, and falls in with a bunch of artsy, musician types who are very strange.
This time we parked at the Butterfly Conservancy and Botanical Gardens and then spent the next couple hours enjoying the butterflies and the gardens. I must say the Butterfly Conservancy in Niagara Falls is the very best facility of its kind that I've ever visited, and I've been to several. The variety and numbers of butterflies is amazing - there are over 2000 butterflies floating freely among the lush, exotic blossoms and greenery in the conservancy.
- 1/2 Cup Edamame: eating out of the shell will make the snack last longer on your plate.
. . . We conclude that, as a matter of law, Jackson has been fully compensated for infringement of the ’900 patent by the manufacture and sale of Glenayre’s products and the use of the same products by Glenayre’s customers. Jackson may not collaterally challenge the district court’s previous judgment that he is entitled to only $2.65 million rather than $12 million in damages for the manufacture, sale, and use of Glenayre’s products that infringe the ’900 patent, because that judgment, which was affirmed in a previous appeal, disposed of his current argument that he should be awarded greater damages based on the benefits Glenayre’s customers enjoyed
That choir among themselves long afterward.
Money doesn’t destroy the value of the vote; money affirms the value of the vote.
I found this blogger last April while participating in The Ultimate Blog Party and this is what I said way back when....
But once a month there would be intense negotiations.
“If you don’t relax, I will fuck you till sunrise, and I still will not have cum.”
In the past, I've posted some shirt and onesie designs that I freehand painted myself (some of them in the posts were made by friends and family as shower gifts). I had considered selling some on Etsy, but it is so time consuming and expensive to do it that way (fabric painting by hand is not a quick process and therefore would be difficult to come up with a fair price).
What's your favorite way to get rid of stuff you don't use anymore?
Many British Christians of West African extraction are members of church communities that subscribe to a supremely parochial, rigid, heavily moralistic framework of external behavioural output that forbids the consumption of secular music (that previously was restricted to the sounds of Western commercial pop). This is in stark contrast to contemporary Anglo-European Protestant Christianity (of all denominations) which in general terms has embraced modern popular culture with more warmth than might be ideal at times. Therefore, there is a major, unspoken spiritual class war taking place across the culture gap but both parties try very hard to keep their real feelings about these sorts of things on absolute lockdown within their respective bunkers. However, Afro-Caribbean Christians who evangelise tend to proselytise towards a highly conservative position in life (but not always in theology) – whereas Anglo-Europeans who proselytise towards a rather more liberal framework for life-practice (but their theology is sometimes much more conservative).
Sweet Potato Puree
CHALLENGE OBJECTIVE:
Not only is she super talented, she lives in Utah, my home state!
4) I have not tested this recipe with natural peanut butter.
It’s hard to get a room of 15-20 people to agree, let alone a nation of 330 million.
Not me lol, I Crack Myself Up is just the title of my layout as my son certainly finds himself totally hysterical on a regular basis although I have to say so do we most of the time as he has always been a bit of a clown! I used the very cute On the Go paper range.
31-33 Cleric, Cloistered BEST OF DRAGON VOLUME IV
Our stopover in DC was only moderately better because, despite being extremely tired, the babies wouldn't sleep in the hotel room. I cried some more. So did DH.
So to help keep the clutter under control I made this little catch-all for the things that stay in my car and seem to collect in my console like my pen, my Carmex (LOVE this stuff), loose change, a few dollars just in case and the misc receipts that seem to take over the cup holders.
"There is something about loss when it's fresh, that's especially painful. Because it seems like it ought to be reversible, even though it's so clear that it can't be. Like a balloon just after it's been let go, there's a feeling that, if one could jump just high enough or run just fast enough, or if it were to get caught in a branch, one could grab ahold of it. The morning after Palm Sunday, Beth called me at work to tell me that Karla had died. And it just seemed impossible. Karla was like a force of nature. She had withstood any number of addictions, illnesses and crazy mishaps. There were times at which she seemed to have almost superhuman powers. I had random thoughts that she must have a signet ring or an amulet. A day or so after she died, we stood in the hallway outside her Grandparent's apartment and puzzled through it together. Abby who is eight, was looking for a loophole, and reasoned sensibly "Auntie Karla said she was coming over to our house tomorrow. She promised, Dad. Does this mean she won't be coming" I shook my head. "What about my for my birthday?" Abby paused. "Or Christmas?" She was trying to find an occasion that would be important enough for Karla to come back. And part of me felt that it really wasn't that unreasonable. After all, we had made the plans just a day or so ago and we had Karla's number on speed dial.
“Good. Now will you tell us the truth about finding this vehicle?”
Speaking of Cassie, she was awesome enough to hand us down her glider since her babies are not so tiny anymore (and she's totally overhauling her daughter's room - stay tuned to her blog for the big reveal SOON, I hope! :). I can't resist a good before & after, so here's a shot of the chair when we adopted it:
This is a bus tour: Bring your shopping bags and money for the freshest purchases in the Bay Area. Famous Frog Hollow Peaches In the Shadow of Mount Diablo General Store at Smith Family Farm Delicious Lunch Sourced from the Farms and Prepared by Farmer Al’s wife Becky Lunch at Frog Hollow Delicious Corn salad, Empanadas, peaches and green salad OPTIONAL LUNCH $15.00 – or you are free to bring you own lunch Enjoy a home made light lunch by Farmer Al’s wife Becky. Her recipes are duplicated at their shop in the Ferry Building and sold at the farmer’s markets around the bay area! PICK UP San Francisco and Downtown Berkeley near BART TICKETS: Adults: $85 for an inspiring full day tour on a comfortable bio-diesel bus. Kids Price: $ 42.50 (0-16yrs) More information & Registration Shop at the farms and come home with a bounty of beautiful produce, olive oil and products directly from the source! Along with new found knowledge and friends. With boxes of fresh produce back from Brentwood Shop at the Farm Stand
She felt the first splinter of worry when Hope didn't come in for dinner.
interpretation and infringement analysis. See John R. Thomas, On Preparatory Texts and Proprietary Technologies: The Place of Prosecution Histories in Patent Claim Interpretation, 47 UCLA L. Rev. 183 (1999). Nowhere in any of the opinions
- New talent will get the chance to earn a contract with TNA.
After our lesson we went across the street to a local quilt shop where I broke my no fabric buying streak, but that I'll 'fess up tomorrow on the stash report.
3. DOT Regulations: “The Department of Transportation is now regulating the truck drivers weight and body mass. Your body mass has to be under 30%. It’s supposed to regulate how tired you get. The heavier and fatter you are the more tired you get. Its good because there have been accidents where drivers fall asleep. This year that number has gone down.” -Las Cruces, NM—Love’s Gas and Travel Center
I thought I should get these misc. pics up before I start in with what will hopefully be some beautiful sakura (cherry blossom) photos. Japan has a blossom forecast like New England has a foliage forecast. It’s calling for the first blooms this weekend with full blooms next weekend – if the weather doesn’t ruin things. Sakura are fragile. I’ve made a list of places around here that I want to visit – places I’ve been and noticed cherry trees. My plan is to take full advantage of my days off but also pack bentos (lunch) everyday it isn’t raining during this week and maybe next, and go to a different place to picnic sometimes meeting a friend other times on my own each day during the short season. Perhaps I’ll write osme haiku…
Psalm 100:1-5
I'm rested now, off to shake up my Ahtanum Pale Ale.
As our religious freedoms come under political attack, it is clear that decades of “reprogramming” has been successfully accomplished right under our heaven-pointed noses. We’ve been silent in the face of violence. We’ve been silent in the face of compromise. We’ve been silent in the face of the slaughter of millions of unborn babies. We’ve been silent too long, my friends. Why? Because we were told our religion was meant to stay within the walls of our local assemblies – within the building. Now, the salt as lost is savor. There is little difference between those of us who call ourselves believers and those who do not.
TICKETS:
FY 2006 – $629 billion
Who up until this year had ALWAYS BEEN the teacher's pet!!!!!!!!!
- L.P.
1 1/2 C powdered sugar
Species: Sockeye, sometimes coho
The afterward tasks can be completed in any order, and are not affiliated to any authentic trainer agenda colour. You accretion one brilliant for commutual any abandoned task, up to a accumulative complete of 5 stars for commutual all of the afterward tasks:- Exhausted the Elite Four.
The roads were clearer and the streets less crowded and this island nation could sustain the people within, today of course the reverse is true and we do not walk towards tyranny but jog, soon we will run and many, too many will never know we had a choice, never know that they, bonded one to the other could force the return of commonsense, end the madness and begin much-needed change,to be continued…
- Lenore
"It better not be a spider," he said, freezing mid-leap.
Early member conference registration rate $485.00
I should have taken the hint.
The " temporary " classroom that Bay Ridge High School dumped onto Leif Ericson Park west of Fourth Avnue over a decade ago was removed last week. A wide perimeter has been fenced off, and part of the wrought iron fence by on the Fourth Avenue was removed, presumably to allow for the removal of the modular building. It looks like there's a hole in the fence into which the missing section can be put back in.
TV
Row 6: The birthday celebration continues with a fire pit/and a chaise lounge!/Terrarium making is harder than it looks
Troy: What started in the 60s, when Hustler and Playboy hit the market, has progressed to what we have online today. And with the Internet, you don’t even have to be ashamed.
I DON’T HAVE MUCH! (but it might amount to a mustard seed)
GINGRICH: You want to try again? I mean –
From the moment the United States government forced Cuba to lease the Guantánamo Bay naval base to us, in June 1901, the American presence there has been more than a thorn in Cuba’s side. It has served to remind the world of America’s long history of interventionist militarism. Few gestures would have as salutary an effect on the stultifying impasse in American-Cuban relations as handing over this coveted piece of land.
So here they are.....
Here’s mine: Laugh, love and live without fear. Be kind, and have empathy for others. Smile and be thankful, because every day, you can find something beautiful.
Prison warden: Place the noose around Goo’s lying bony dirty smelly godless neck Mr Executioner.
Its not necessary to demonize non-vegans. People contribute to the cause in their own way, and if that way is veganism, then that is awesome, please pass the cupcakes. But if not, it doesn't mean you are an evil person. Just as my diet doesn't make me a fanatic or human-hater. But also not a saint.
We made it across the border! Twice!
Its like we adrift, and continual protest is only natural, ordinary and inevitable, and its where we -- scattered activists -- are not at. There is looming insecurity. Whatever little band aid work, political groups, NGOs, liberal gatherings, lawyers are doing, its not nearly enough. Given their inner lacking in organisation, structure, vision -- their inclination to fiefdom, their scramble for donor funding, limelight, domination -- these are not going to offer effective leadership in the times to come, with or without our critiques as outsiders
Peter Hellyer, an American executive associated with the UAE Ministry of Information and Culture has discourteously called as "ludicrous" the statement by Iranian parliamentarians that the UK drives UAE in citing territorial claims against the Iranian island of Abu Musa. Albeit, it was consequently proved that Iranians’ suspicion about the possible role of the U.S., UK and other Western states in the UAE’s anti-Iranian scenario was right when the foreign ministries of Italy, France, UK and the U.S. Department of State issued separate statements, backing the tiny sheikhdom’s claims on the Abu Musa island.
3) The ANC was seen as one of the factions in the fratricidal war on Inkatha. Whether this war was encouraged by the Apartheid regime or not, the fact is that the West saw horrible black-on-black violence. Internal warfare is, as everyone knows, terrible publicity for a liberation movement. "If they can't help fighting each other, how could they run a country?"
www.responsiblepetowners.org
I made the dry erase frame (from Make and Takes via Pinterest) to hang on my fridge as a menu board/grocery list and I love it. One day I thought "why not hang one inside the lunch cabinet?" Duh.
You’ll have them falling into schism
I have been beavering away and have come up with quite a few Christmas images and a few Halloween.
Maybe there’s a South African-American golfer out there somewhere that could be added for diversity bonus points? A French-African? Or perhaps some white Hispanics? Maybe an aged zero percent Cherokee (with high cheekbones)?
_____You should not trust me .. trust me (funny Trust Quote)
I’m leaning towards Hackman’s #2 thought: “program infrastructure counts the most…governance, direction, planning, evaluation”, because I’ve noticed through the last 10 years that accountability goes out the window when there isn’t a flexible, but concise infrastructure for management. Without it, micromanaging and unnecessary practice thrive. It is very damaging to staff moral and causes attrition. I’ve also seen management take personal biases to the extreme both spilling over into office relationships and even management practices with appraisal and selection. Where I don’t think this 100% truth, I do agree with McFarland on this level, that managers “must dedicate ourselves more earnestly to producing satisfied users than collections that primarily satisfy our own professional ideals” (p. 142). This and when “an organization clings to outdated assumptions”(p.139). I can’t say enough to support those statements.
I have the tendency to get excited by the littlest hint that better opportunities may be coming. And it’s happening again. I work as a temporary employee for an extremely well-known international corporation in my town. I love the people I work with/for, and I’m good, if not great at my job. However, the pay is lacking. With student loans, rent, car payment and insurance, utilities, food, gas, etc. to pay for, there’s nothing left at the end of the month. But…
½-1 cup strawberries, halved or sliced
an appointment with the surgeon to discuss the biopsy results. i had made an appointment while i was out in california, but forgot about it when i returned home.
In the Planta Medica medical journal, I read:
Printed Paper - Webster's Pages
It was kind of like yesterday when I drove myself home early from work in a weird mental haze, feeling drugged without actually being drugged. It was all I could do to drag myself into the house and to the bed, utterly fatigued and unhinged and crying and apologizing to BH for being such a mess.
I love the colours she's used and the combination of the stamps. The paper pieced summer dress looks brilliant and matches her colours of distress inks used on the flower/ribbon border brilliantly. If you are interested in any of the materials to make this card you can see the list here. It's very unfortunate that the Cheery Lynn die she used on this Summer Dress card, I'm having HUGE problems getting hold of and have been waiting since February for more stocks :( So big apologies to all of you that are still waiting for that die from us, as soon as I get my paws on them, I'll get them sent straight out to you.
Congratulations, Debbie S! Please email me at stampandcreate@bellsouth.net with your mailing address and choice of rubber stamp.
Phoenix Public Library and Changing Hands Bookstore present
This morning I received some copies of the book Origins: Examining the Evidence and also some copies of a DVD entitled Set in Stone: Evidence for Earth’s Catastrophic Past.
Anne Marie O'Donovan, Esp., Staff Attorney, MFY Legal Services Workplace Justice Project- Unemployment Insurance Benefits: The Basics
Some people wrote their comments on the scene on the script itself, which I got to read later and enjoy again here recently. Here’s some of what they said:
Spirit
Supplies: Chatterbox patterned paper, Certainly Celery CS and GP white, Memory Box image, sentiment from Taylored Expression, Primas, large brads, white candy dots, white GG ribbon, Nesties
1st Prize - All FOUR New Stamp Sets
As they race to catch the vampire and survive the cruel games he plays, Amber is pulled deeper into Kearn’s world and discovers the painful secrets he hides behind his handsome but emotionless exterior—hurt that she has the power to heal if she is brave enough.
It must be observed that all real debts have certain characteristics, most obviously principals (initial amounts owed), and interest rates. If one believes that, once upon a time, Britain owed a debt of some sort to recently independent peoples in ex-British Empire territories, then one must give some idea of the size of the debt, the rate at which that debt accrued interest, and the conditions that would have to be satisfied for that debt to have been fully paid off. In the absence of this information, the ‘debt’ becomes nothing more than an instrument of moral intimidation.
Passengers and commuters have watched with dismay their demands being put on the backburner by the railway ministry and State government for years. To see the talk of a “bullet train” is at once revealing and disappointing.
There is a passenger pickup area and ground transportation center at the new international terminal.
Love well and often
4 ounces tempeh
I had just cleared a call, running calls back to back and was ready for a little code 7 action (lunch) when dispatch tags me before I could go out in my hidy hole. Dispatch is very frustrated with the caller, and would like me to investigate a misuse of 911. I head over to the caller's address and see her pulling out of her driveway and into the street, apparently tired of waiting and in route to the station. She sees lucky little ol' me, and backs into her driveway.
If you're not paying much attention to what's in that box, it can get water damaged. Or nibbled on by mice. Or torn. And memories can fall right out. (Yeah, I'm looking at you, rotted Trigonometry box.)
I used a scrap piece of muslin fabric I had to place it all on.
He didn’t read the Thoroughbred series, so he doesn’t have a crazy obsession with horses. He likes dragons, though, and ninjas and pirates and other various hardcore things. He read the Alex Rider books, but felt no compulsion to watch the movie because he did not find the actor who plays Alex dreamy, even with his English accent. As a result, he did not waste a year of his life stalking said actor.
May 6 – Memphis, TN – The Hi-Tone w/ Lucero, Dirty Streets
I got some goodies from the last release and here is what I created.
Genre: Young Adult, Fantasy, Romance
He wasn't as excited as I was.
Just as well there's another one in the range, then. Despite the less cheeky name, Christmas Porter sounds very promising. Based on the damned decent Alice Porter with added cacao, chilli and spices. My kind of beer all round.
3) Why Don't You...have your cigarettes stamped with a personal insignia?
This week marks my 100th blog post for What’s for Lunch? It’s been quite a ride and I’ve learned an enormous amount about the power of food to connect people around the world. One of my New Year’s Resolutions this year was to celebrate whenever possible, so Woo-hoo!
Leftovers if I have them, sandwiches (pb&j, turkey, egg and cheese), huge salads, smoothies, yogurt and granola with fruit. My entire lunch is usually a combination of 3 of these things.
“Where is the university?” Judd asked the marble. It had the schematics in its solid memory core.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Roll out crescent dough and divide into 8 triangles. Unwrap the string cheese and cut in half lengthwise, then cut in half again the opposite direction, making four pieces. If you prefer yours to be a bit cheesier, use 4 string cheeses simply cut in half. At the wide end of the dough, add a slice of roast beef (bunched up) and top with a piece of string cheese. Roll the dough into crescents and place on a cookie sheet. Sprinkle garlic powder across tops of crescents, if desired. Bake for 11-13 minutes or until golden brown.
The growing acidity of the ocean is highly distrubing to me, personally, because I believe that the human race is only as healthy as our oceans--just as the human cell is only as healthy as the alkaline water in which it is bathed. This problem is at the foundation of global warming as a symptom of our acidic oceans.
For the most part this was a very straight forward build, other than the whole sub-process of replacing the railings. I also placed a few sets of little 1/600 scale people at various locations around the decking. As for the threading, this was my first go at doing any sort of rigging. It’s tricky so I ended up learning a lot about what not to do…more than what to do…
Herbert also pointed out that varying IQ tests provide contradictory results in children with autism, some showing significantly higher rates of mental disability than others.
Taib Mahmud himself has faced numerous corruption allegations by critics over his 30-year career as chief minister, most recently when the Sarawak Report website linked his family to billions of dollars of properties in the United States, Australia, Canada, the United Kingdom and Malaysia. – Asia Sentinel
I've started work on a new project (women's fiction/romantic comedy) and have been debating myself over whether to use a first person POV, like in my first completed novel, or use third person. I've only written half a page, but I chose third person because I thought it would be good to get out of the first person mindset.
Force obsolescence, social pressure, fast-changing trends, mouth-watering innovations, just a few of the reasons why it is likely that you change your phone more than twice a year.. or even more often. It feels great and cool to be an owner of the most recent gadgets! I should know right. ;p
blend 1/2 cup hot mixture into beaten egg yolks; return egg mixture to custard.
There is the odd occasion when we hear of people who no one at all seems to be able to read for and this is a more tricky one. I know of one person who has gone from psychic to medium over many years since her twenties and never has one of them been able to read for her. Whilst this is very rare, it can happen – why is this? I have no idea, but I never question God in His wisdom. If this person, or any other, cannot be read for, there has to be a reason and we just have to trust what that reason is, after all, God (or the higher energy) knows the full picture about that person and we don’t. Even though she has never been able to be read for in all her life, she is now well into her 60′s and hasn’t died, so you see, not being able to be read for is not a death sentence. If it happens to you, it might be disappointing, but it really isn’t the end of your world despite you thinking it might be.
I was going to do so much more with it, but decided I wanted to get it in the post tomorrow so there is a (vague) hope of it arriving by Halloween. Funnily enough though, I chose to do hand embroidery over machine applique because I felt it would be quicker to complete tonight. I am usually a "machine everything I can" kinda gal and see hand sewing as time consuming when there is a machine alternative (I'm all about machine sewn binding at the moment!)
A great give-away or promotional item will help you MAXIMIZE your time at the EXPO. Do you want to look good and save 10%?
Manhole explosion in Clinton Hill this past Friday
Sunrise
One thing I know was that Mary needed to hear someone say that it's ok not to forgive and that forgiveness isn't something you just choose and move on.
Iceland's Einstöck Brewery seems to be the result of a global search for the world's purest water source, and if the PR machine is actually telling us the truth with this (which they can actually do on rare occasions) then these look like being a very interesting couple of ales.
7. Line a cookie sheet with parchment (or place a baking stone in the cool oven).
He was between that proverbial rock and the hard place. Death was imminent. How did he get out of that dangerous situation? It was neither by his quick wit nor his astute knowledge of Roman law. It was the Lord. He would say the same thing. It was the Lord that brought this Roman law to mind. It was the Lord that gave the centurion attention to the question. It was the Lord that stopped the proceedings.
And... in other news, no less exciting, we have a new family member! Her name is Dexi (but she's called Dixie and Dax, too!) and she is sweet sweet sweet! She is also the subject of PHOTOSUNDAY this time. Check it out!
11:00am Lifestyle Festival Opens
I went to this gathering with a lot of selfish motives. I went as a person in need. I went as a pilgrim. I walked away with new understanding, healing, direction, and joy.
Maybe it's because the reviewers in question, the reviewers who keep saying 'Mary-Sue' as if it was all that needed to be said, don't want to have to explain the reasons why a particular character didn't work for them. Maybe it's because their reasons for finding these female characters just too obnoxious, unrealistic, stupid, passive, badass or talented are just as contradictory and badly defined as the term itself. Maybe it's because the reason they don't like the female characters isn't that they're just too...anything. Except just too...female.
When you do that, it just drives me nuts.
D) Partnerships are much more impact and commercially / market entry focused than they were a few years ago.
"Passport" means a passport for the time being in force issued or renewed by the prescribed authority and satisfying the conditions prescribed relating to the class of passports to which it belongs; and
"Begin at the beginning," the King said gravely, "and go on till you come to the end: then stop."
I was amazed at her willingness to share. “Give me your email, I’ll send you stuff… Have you read? Have you tried? What do you think?” As she began sharing how learning unfolds in her ELA classroom I realised that the way she embeds technology far surpasses what happens in my learning space. I wondered why I have not heard about her or her kids.
Beware Of Mold – This Intruder May Destroy Your Home And Health
Judge Spatt applied the work-for-hire test (part of federal common law created in the landmark CCNV v. Reid case):
3 of an octogenarian muttering ‘it don’t cost much’
A little girl reciting the 23rd Psalm began, “The Lord is my shepherd; that’s all I want.” Maybe she missed the wording, but she sure got the theology right. To have Jesus as our shepherd is indeed a blessing. As he moves towards the cross, Jesus holds up this model of the good shepherd, reminding his listeners that a good shepherd would lay down his life for the sheep. He would give his life to protect the sheep from thieves, wild animals, or whatever danger might confront the flock. We can give him our allegiance because of his commitment to us.
We watched with an increasing sense of hilarity as groovy photogs snapped every cool thing in the venue, and smiled as their eyes slid over our older, larger less glamorous profiles. If it wasn’t so obvious it would have been insulting.
Given that most of local opposition leaders have fought tooth and nail against Taib’s rule and have officially represented indigenous communities in their legal battles, there is considerable reason to believe they possess the political will to follow through with these sweeping reforms. Such moves would represent a huge step forward for the empowerment of Sarawak’s indigenous population, and for the conservation of its rainforests.
BFF: "You doing ok?"
“The goal devised by these Kabbalists has since been the installation of their “messiah” as world leader, who, according to their interpretation of the Bible, is to be of line of King David. Since that time, to preserve this purported lineage, until the advent of their expected leader, these Luciferians have been carefully intermarrying amongst each other, and have included among them many of the leading figures of history. They begin with a Persian Royal family, who intermarried with that of Alexander the Great. By combining with that of Herod the Great, these families were responsible for the creation and dissemination of the leading mystery school of the Roman Empire, the Mysteries of Mithras, which eventually succeeded in co-opting the emerging Christian movement, by producing Catholic Christianity. Nevertheless, a secret, or Gnostic, version of Christianity, also derived from Mithraism, survived to compete with Catholicism, in the form of several secret societies, like the Templars, Rosicrucians and Freemasons, practicing occult arts, or what is known as “witchcraft”. This tradition was perpetuated by the most popularized branch of the Luciferian bloodline, the Merovingians. Symbolized by the Holy Grail, the Merovingians, after intermarrying into the family of a Jewish Exilarch, or claimant to the Jewish throne, culminated in all the leading families of the Crusades. It was at this time that this European branch of the family recombined with others from Eastern Europe and Armenia. These Eastern aristocracies derived from the enigmatic Khazars, who had populated southern Russia and the Basin of the Don River, and who, in the eighth century AD, had converted to Judaism…. It was the intermarriage and perpetuation of these aristocratic bloodlines that were being referred to in the heraldic symbols of the lily, the rose, the double-headed eagle, and the skull and crossbones. Also during the Crusades, this network connected with an important occult center hiding within the Islamic world, in Cairo Egypt, who followed the heretical version of Islam known as Ismailism.”
Before I started, I had less then 100 Piazza cards. I now have over 600.
Recently that has all changed. Not because we are making any more money than we were before, we're not, but because I've become more aware of what is happening with our food system. You can blame the documentaries, we've been on a kick watching them lately, but really I think this has been a long time in coming.
Roseburg (18-2; 9-1) clinched their fourth straight Southern Oregon Conference championship. Crater (15-5; 7-4) will finish out their conference season with a game against North Medford on May 8.
A variety of sodas are always available, and most nicer restaurants will serve a variety of cocktails and wines. If you like those, several places will have 2 for 1 Happy Hour that is worth checking out.
“Newspapers are unable, seemingly, to discriminate between a bicycle accident and the collapse of civilisation.“ ~George Bernard Shaw
Over the weekend, my mom was kind enough to help with the sewing and she added a row of buttons to hang the panels to the frame of the Edland. The buttons make it easy to remove the fabric when they need to be dry-cleaned.
I'm incredibly proud of my sister's skill but also feel so warm inside that she chose to spend so many hours making something this beautiful for me - I will treasure it.
Monday: community dining at Balsley's (or Balsley take-out for those at soccer) Spaghetti!
I know I should ignore this article in the Guardian. The reader who read to the end would be more ignorant than before. I wouldn't have read it at all, unprompted.
Hello and good afternoon everyone. I know I have been a little quiet as of late, but when I have felt like it, I have been crafting and have a selection of cards on my cabinet waiting to be added to my blog.
10. Point Of Departure
This is hyped all over the blogosphere so I knew I had to try it. Mine is obviously well used as the packaging is just ruined but it is certainly worth giving a go. I can safely say that I know it last all day as this colour is actually too dark for me and one day I came home to orange circles round my eyes where the rest of my foundation had worn off! Cringe!
Sanskaras, in Baba’s teaching (borrowed from the Hindu tradition), are the impressions we accumulate lifetime after lifetime, that wind around our souls. Over many lifetimes, these build up like a plaque and become our identity. The path to god then is to unwind these impressions back. From there the philosophy gets somewhat esoteric, but the concept strikes me as relevant to transgendered people and the impressions we must overcome and unwind to drill down to our gender identities. By now you probably see where I’m going with this.
All inclusive, beaches, sand, pools, hammocks, 80's, lets just say it's a little rough getting back to the real world. Especially when that includes 8-11 inches of snow, un-plowed gravel roads to our house when we returned Saturday night.
We had a huge storm last Sunday and our sump pump quit working without our knowing it so we had water in the basement---fortunately just in the storage area---spent many hours cleaning it up and washing wool that got wet.
- on the 09th I wore my dark denim Fait Main shorts and took a pic of my everyday me-made bag, a simple tote (self drafted) made out of a linen remnant with cotton webbing for handles. I love this style and I have the same design but 4 times bigger for when I go on holiday :)
The other character I really enjoyed in this was Albert Brooks as Bernie Rose, who makes one of the best villains of the year. I like that the film focuses almost as much on him as on Gosling himself. He is an incredible actor and really gives a 110% performance in this movie. He’s a classic Scorsese-styled mobster villain distinguished by a carnal, bloodthirsty performance that rivals anything in the actual Scorsese’s canon with some truly vicious conviction. There’s one scene where he stabs one of his cohorts in the jugular several times in the middle of a café front. Not exactly a guy you want to cross.
To think that these parents have a bucket list for their child that include things like sitting by her slef for the first time to kissing her mom and dad it is just soo unfair to know that the joys of these milestones can also bring soo much pain. My heart gos out to this family and hopefully by me posting this story and link to it… more people will become aware of spinal muscular atrophy and more research can be done on it.
I realize now, that I “made up my mind” about Equal Money. Based on the Set of Rules that I was used to. And that were not applicable to Equal Money. I also responded to Equal Money from the perspective of an extensively limited understanding of reality. I had not even at that stage realized/ was able to see the power and control money has in this world and the atrocities that are being committed in the name of money. I believed to a certain degree that I was Free. I was Brainwashed, as this is the only way I could have truly, authentically believed myself to be free in this world. I was in a way just Living out my life until I die. Apparently Free in terms of what I was “seeing”.
These are a moist, decadently rich, and deliciously coconutty cupcake selected from my "30 Recipes for 2012" Project. Loaded with butter and sugar, I wouldn't consider them to be "everyday cupcakes" ... I would save them for more of a special occasion. I thought my 1st blogiversay was just such the perfect special occasion! And oh. my. goodness. - these are so good. A great selection for my celebration! I love that there's coconut both in the batter itself and on the top of the frosting. Yum, yum, yummy. And the hint of almond extract gives these a fabulous flavor.
And so on
Short term support remains at the 1363 pivot and SPX 1340, with resistance at the 1372 and 1386 pivots. Short term momentum hit slightly overbought and pulled back. The short term OEW charts have a negative bias from the swing point at SPX 1383. Best to your trading!
Call it a character defect. I can’t stand having someone tell me what’s what. I have to conduct my own experiments. Reported results must be duplicated in real life. My life. Or it doesn’t apply.
I’m curious to hear your thoughts on this. To me, WEM is just a targeted marketing-technology offshoot of a larger sociological phenomenon. Understanding why these new WEM concepts are important helps to make you ask the right kinds of questions. Companies aren’t dumping millions of dollars into these technologies on a whim. As it continues I believe we’ll work through an accelerated Darwinist phase where certain companies learn fast what works and what doesn’t. That really translates to truly understanding consumers. Companies who don’t get it, will perish. If you ask me, it’s going to be a hell of a ride.
MC for the evening was Eugene Mirman impressed me. I know him mostly from his association with other comics and as the Russian kid (Eugene) on Home Movies. Funny guy and I'll see him again later this week at the SXSW music conference.
The white ceramic Gods have answered my prayers! These could not have been more perfect. They are the *exact* size, down to the millimeter, that I need, there's THREE of them, and they were on sale! $15 for the trio. I've never been so lucky.
Inside the train
I want to be able to provide honestly good and healthy meals for my family. It is a quest I am on. I know a lot more than I used to. For better...or for worse, I am a LOT more educated than I used to be about what is actually good for us and what "they" want us to believe is good for us. But, the problem with having this new knowledge is that now you can't continue to do things the way you were doing them before. That "box of stuff" that used to be a major staple in your pantry--that you used to plop down in front of your family without any trepidation whatsoever--you now know is not fit to be fed to the poor dog.
10For this cause you are to give ear to the voice of the Lord your God, and do his orders and his laws which I give you this day.
tie dye
Or else we linger, dwelling in positive or negative anticipation of some future event.
rising, falling, far as the horizon,
It is FREE to read and download. The lecture widget takes about 20 seconds to load where there is a lecture for the topic.
For this writing the impetus that lead to my diagnosis is irrelevant. Suffice to say that as a result of the incident almost two years have brought me to a place where I can sit still for more than 15 seconds and rarely have racing thoughts. However there is a price to pay for this kind of peace. Medication that works but has side effects; and psychotherapy on a very regular basis that can be a real deal breaker when planning your week.
Attack the Block is more believable than Kidulthood and Adulthood put together and for that reason alone, it should be seen.
Q1614 Mr Farrelly: Had you heard the name Stephen Whittamore before the story?
15-Tommy Can You Hear Me?
They wait to turn a luscious brown.
For me, the courage to be different comes in at least three forms. The first form involves being able too see differently about the object of your affection. For me, the primary problem in this area involves around seeing a women as nothing more than a sexual object. When I was six or seven years old, I often admired the girls I was around. While I was initially attracted to a girl’s personality, I almost always was more attracted to her physical features—her breast and ass. Especially her ass. Much like the other boys I was around, I always found a woman’s ass the object of my sexual fantasy. As I got older, my friends and I always measured a girl’s sexual readiness by the circumference of her ass, and the size of the “gap” that we believed existed between her thighs, below her vagina. For us, having sex with a girl was the primary measure of our maturity and our readiness for manhood.
As luck would have it, Sal knows “S” too. Sal and I met while working in a retail gig when we were both still kicking around at school and uni and then both ended up working in a different retail gig where we met “S”. I called “S” as soon as I had managed to give Sal some sort of idea of what had just happened and she answered the phone with a sheepish “Hiiiii…”.
So, after all that jibber jabber, time for more photos!
A Connecticut Senate committee recently approved a bill to explore putting radio frequency identification tags, known as RFIDs, in the state’s license plates so cars can be tracked and tickets automatically generated for drivers with lapsed vehicle registration, emissions or insurance. A lobbyist for the program estimates the state would collect $29 million per year by fining uninsured drivers and other lawbreakers.
"Fucking fuck," I finally said. It wasn't just the flowers that got me, but everything: working and struggling, missing Chuck, tripping on laundry, registering children for kindergarten, finding waffles stuck to my ass when I get out of the car, misplacing glasses, burning toast, the cat meowing, wet towels on doorknobs.
Best Food Blogs
Everything started falling into place right after I turned 39. I met Bill, we were engaged within 6 months, and married a year later. We started trying to get pregnant not long after we were engaged. Nothing happened. Apparantly, I had been faithfully taking birth control pills for a decade for naught.
PERFECTIONISM makes us ‘not fun to be with’ because we give little encouragement for improvements or positive steps made by others;”
Elisa is the hero of her country. She led her people to victory against a terrifying enemy, and now she is their queen. But she is only seventeen years old. Her rivals may have simply retreated, choosing stealth over battle. And no one within her court trusts her-except Hector, the commander of the royal guard, and her companions. As the country begins to crumble beneath her and her enemies emerge from the shadows, Elisa will take another journey. With a one-eyed warrior, a loyal friend, an enemy defector, and the man she is falling in love with, Elisa crosses the ocean in search of the perilous, uncharted, and mythical source of the Godstone’s power. That is not all she finds.
Whosoever committeth sin transgresseth also the law: for sin is the transgression of the law. ~ 1st John 3:4
But I felt distracted, and the feeling lingered for several hours thereafter. There are some things that I want to express, but words seem to fail me—for the first time since I can remember. And I have discovered that people do not always want to listen to what others have to say.
The SA Institute of Race Relations questioned why the South African police were “shocked” at the murder and hijacking of a British tourist.
“The commission unanimously decided that, in view of the conflict of facts on the papers placed before it, it was necessary to refer both the complaint by the Constitutional Court and the counter complaint by the Judge President (Hlophe) to the hearing of oral evidence on a date to be arranged by the commission,” the JSC said.
… Irritated. Annoyed. About missing church.
Check out some of my recipes to come this week! I hope you enjoy this "wonder"ful new food!
Now here's how you can win:
This is my traditional picture of the sun going down on our summer.
I did have other plans...
By this point (unless your new to my blog or new to my life), everybody is most likely aware that I have some odd idiosyncrasies. One of the craziest things about me is my love of a fresh and never been handled magazine. Oh how I adore them with their new smell, their feel, their glossiness, and the fact that I am the first to touch their clean pages. Why in fact, it is nothing short of utterly exhilarating. It's a love affair I have had for more years than I can count and it probably started when I was a child. You know I use to have two subscriptions, one to the Annie Oakley Fan club and the other to Junior National Geographic (yea yea, I know I look like a dweeb, but please there were no junior/teen fashion magazines back then and probably is the reason behind the way I dress now!) Anyway, I use to wait that long 30 days in between until the next magazine would come in, and when it arrived in that delightful brown paper packaging with my name on it, I would bolt to my bedroom to savour the excitement of opening it all to myself.
The French word in (faux/pseudo-Japanese) lettering means "straw" and was added to enhance the illustrative appeal of the painting. The blacks are deep and flat to accentuate the figure.
KUALA LUMPUR: AirAsia Bhd may have called off a press conference yesterday on Malaysia Airports Holding Bhd’s (MAHB) airport tax hike but that didn’t stop its co-founder from taking to Twitter to vent his frustration.
KODIAK, Alaska (AP) — In six oceans, the U.S. Navy is considered the master. In the seventh, the Arctic Ocean, it will rely on others.
Patrick Aloysius Hoey, 53, Middletown, N.J.
January was kind of rough for me health-wise. I started off strong, then I had a weekend getaway in Chicago and I just couldn't get back into working out regularly and eating healthy.
But other than the fact that it's pretty freakin' comfy, there's nothing overly special about it.
of gold, as we told you before…. So the multitude of the Arabians, with the
Some positive news for the campaign for greater cooking lager appreciation. It appears the youth of today have got their heads screwed on and are rejecting ever higher on trade pub prices for good value of cheap supermarket grog. The news is here and here. Whilst the news is presented in an alarmist fashion by the vested interests of the pub trade that seek a monopoly on the supply of grog, there is good news for cooking lager enthusiasts.
- Proposals for historic marker
My children are deprived of the love and indulgence of their grandparents and extended family. Having grown up with a doting grandfather who I bossed around as a child, I feel my kids are missing out on a huge part of childhood joy. On Grandparent’s Day at school, Sahana and Ryan are generally ‘adopted’ by a friend’s grandparent for the day. It breaks my heart. At sporting events, grandparents of teammates cheer for my two. I miss my parents and my in-laws at these, they too miss out on so much! Skype and other social media have certainly made the world smaller but it is still not the same as getting a kiss from your Grammy or Didya. Living so far away from family is never fun! While rocking a screaming baby and reading to a demanding five-year old, I often wallowed in self-pity. Where were those extra pairs of hands I needed so badly? Why are my kids growing up without the cuddles of grandparents and all those uncles and aunties far away in India! So unfair that I have to raise them alone with the occasional help of my traveling spouse! Doesn’t it take a village? The discipline of us parents needs to be balanced by the indulgent love that the grandparents shower over the little ones. The grandparents get to enjoy the young ones yet don’t have to bear the responsibility of raising them, in most cases. Win win for all! Or is it?
Our friend has lost everything, her husband, her house, her car (and his - it's in a carparking building in central city).
These girls certainly don't have the agency and power of the children in A High Wind in Jamaica, and none of them have become as rebellious as the children in Who Can Kill a Child?, but they are not automatons. The freedom given to the older children at the end of the film is clearly delightful and full of new mysteries, possibilities, and dangers -- the teachers may be sad to see the children's innocence and disappearing and to see them liberated from the structures that kept them ignorant, but the children move in the final scene from trepidation to unbridled joy and, yes, self-determination. The sullen adults who live and work at the school have gone back to the school to recapture their innocence, a time when they were happy, but they have obviously failed: going back is not possible and will only lead to resigned sadness. There is no evidence in the film against, and plenty for, the idea of moving on into knew challenges, new worlds, new games, new knowledge.
We live in a world that is so filled with mess, chaos, pain and war, a world filled with a need for material things...What happend to the true meaning of life?
Checklist includes:
the dishes being washed,
Bloodhound Gang The bad touch US
Petey Rabbit
Which of these stuck with me the most? It’s hard to say. What I do know is that it’s almost that time to move forward into a new year of new adventures.
I recently found this blog, I think due to a comment made by the author.
* I fall asleep earlier on Fridays then I do any other night of the week... Party Girl, I am not
Tike Tech City X3 Swivel Double Stroller – Autumn Orange — orange For Sale
In terms of personality improvements... well I need to learn to think before I speak and to consider the feelings of others. I can say that it is pretty much never my express intention to hurt people, but I can do this inadvertantly (if not hurt them, then make them feel silly) by joking or teasing with the best intentions but without considering that people have different levels of tolerance, of sensitivity and simply that everyone is going through their own battles and we will never know someone's context completely. And so I want to learn to consider others in all that I say, but not to become paralysed by that - I like teasing people and joking with them (in a respectful way) because (done right) it brings people out of their shell, it pulls a few laughs and in a way it makes people feel special.
* Available in three scents: Spring Meadow, Ocean Mist & Mystic Forest
The confidential results will be part of a national study called Transit Cooperative Research Project B-40: Strategy Guide to Enable and Promote the Use of Fixed-Route Transit by People with Disabilities. The goal is to develop strategies to improve bus and train systems for people with disabilities. DREDF’s research partners are TranSystems Corporation, The Collaborative, and KFH Group.
Well, Sir, his face turned red and the veins of his neck started bulging and his eyes turned red. I was thinking I’d have to smack him with one of the chisel handles or the mallet before long. Then he got control of himself.
2. Add the remaining ingredients to the stockpot, stir and bring to a boil. Gently boil about 15 minutes or until the peach pieces are tender. Stir frequently to prevent scorching or burning to the bottom.
The 16,000-square-foot intermodal station will offer amenities like free WI-FI and bicycle racks.
I, personally, ADORE bronze, gold and copper eyeshadows. I think they're very day-wear as well as night-wear friendly. I wore this shade to university today and just dabbed a little over my entire lid, concentrating more of the eyeshadow to my outer v. I think this is, overall, a very flattering shade that it suitable for everyone ~ let the goddess in you shine hehe!
Preheat oven to 160C degrees. Brush phyllo sheet with egg wash (beaten eggs). Put a sheet on top of the brushed to make pastry thicker. Repeat the method to the rest of the sheets, set aside. Mix nuts, 1/2T of cinnamon powder, and 100g brown sugar. Moisten the mixture with rosewater. Make a syrup by glazing lemon juice, honey, cinnamon stick, cinnamon powder, rosewater, water and the remaining brown sugar. Get and rub one of the brushed pastry with a made glazing. Lay enough amount of nut mixture over the brushed sheet. Lay another brushed pastry on top. Rub again with glazing. Do this procedure until the stacks is 1.5-inch thick. Bake for 15-18mins. Remove from oven. Let it cool and cut the baklava into a diamond shape. Serve.
If that registered a 4.9 on the Richter scale, consider their newest beer the Big One, a 9+ San Francisco-razing shocker: Kellerweis, an authentic Bavarian hefeweizen (and also slated to be a year-round beer). This really is a major departure. Not only is the beer distinct in style, but it's a pretty big change in terms of brewing. Before we get into the tasting notes, have a look at the beer's bio, provided by SN:
You have time until 6 may april 23:59.
The art of engaging in conversation as a chauffeur is a fine one. I cannot actually be myself - hells, I'd ask way too many personal questions - which leaves only conversational acting. I navigate these tricky waters by listening to what my customer says,and reflecting it back to them. Basically I attempt to affirm their own view of themselves, and keep my own thoughts to myself.
GBP/Euro: A further volatile session and although initial rally attempts met strong resistance at 1.2321 immediate pullbacks were quickly cushioned by support in and around the 1.2287 zone. This encouraged the bulls once more and peaks in the 1.2343 region were secured before a further bout of selling forced values to a new low for the session at 1.2278 before finally closing at 1.2113.
Remember: when people tell you something's wrong or doesn't work, they are almost always right. When they tell you exactly what's wrong and how to fix it, they are almost always wrong. ~ Neil GaimanBut, seriously, about the dryer--anyone?
I was really pleased with him, and he felt light and forward on the line. The trot looked and felt (on the line) easier, and there was a definite spring in his step. He really wanted to get to the grass, so was stretching down very well (sometimes a little bit too much), but managing to keep his shoulders up.
So we had the pudding after dinner and today the lunchbox had custard tarts for my daughter and her grandfather!
Oh, I love her, I love her.
I don’t think it’s come up in conversation with you, but I am not what you'd call an “outdoorsy type.” I would rather hike through the pages of a good book than along a trail. I grew up in the country, practically the middle of nowhere, so you’d think I’d have an appreciation for the great outdoors. Nope. When my mom would force me outside, I would often take a book and sit and read on the front step, when I wasn’t convincing my little brother that it would be epic if he’d take his Big Wheel and do a Dukes of Hazard style jump off of our 6 foot tall front porch railing. Since that story has lasted well over 25 years, I’d say it was epic, indeed!
During four years I was a vegetarian, I lived off of soup for quite a while. It was easy to make, easy to warm-up, and if I wanted to buy a can of it…every grocery store supplied it.
Back then, I barely noticed what my body was up to - during my walk I would be absorbed in whatever was most prominent in my mind. Now I practice being Mindful. I pull myself back to the present, to the now, whenever I realise my mind has wandered off again. I feel the wind on my face and the pavement beneath my feet; I listen to the sounds of the birds, trees, passing cars. I try and experience being completely in the walk, ideally without much thought at all.
Minikin offers fashion-forward, yet timeless pieces that are fun and easy to wear for children from 18 months - 8 years in addition to well-designed accessories for all ages. Their featured brands come from all over the world, many of which are being introduced for the first time in the U.S. exclusively through Minikin. Each brand is selected for its high quality and craftsmanship, and Minikin handpicks every piece to curate a beautiful collection.
Over craftbreakfast this morning we got to fantasizing about what it would be like if inanimate objects could sue each other. This is what happens when you put lawyers, artists, and a combination of both in the same room together for a morning!
One of my favorite bosses—and I’ve never been a fan of bosses—once told me he noticed over the years that if he let all of his subordinates do the tasks they liked to do, then everything got done. I never would have guessed that his strategy could work, but I still trust his observation.
I know they are a nuisance to farmers and ranchers, popping up and taking root in pastures or fields needed for cattle or crops. They can grow quickly and densely and clearing them from the land is a challenge. But, they have a rather stark beauty all their own. Their trunks can grow nearly horizontal, twisting and gnarling around upon themselves into an architectural form. Their shade is light and sparse, creating a lacy shadow on the ground below.
Atsuko and Cory are both close friends of mine so we have a very intimate way of working. To be honest, since we had such a small cast and crew the entire experience was more than inspiring. To date, making this film was the more artistic and rewarding filmmaking experience I’ve had.
be IN FRONT of the camera instead of HOLDING the camera for protection...
The answers are being written now
Scor-Bug embosser
Those with ears to hear and eyes to see will know where Jesus is coming from. Others won’t. For some Jesus is just too familiar. But those who do hear and see are more blessed than even the prophets of old (13:16-17).
You are growing so fast, little one. Your legs are so long. Your hair gets wavier and curlier. Your eyes continue to mystify me, your tiny teeth peek through, you get taller (so tall!), and smarter and stronger and braver and sweeter and funnier. You are, in a word, perfect. And the best part? You aren't actually perfect, but you're perfect for me. I would not trade you for the world. Not even if the world offered 100 gallons of free coconut sorbet.
2. Mexicali Blues - 3:36
Although a bipartisan tactic (because it works), the most enthusiastic application of this appears (for now) on the right. As in the lies about Obama’s birth certificate. More importantly and astonishingly, they consistently describe Obama as a radical leftist. While bizarrely false, repetition works! On sheep.
All my old thoughts, while this is nothing new
2 tbsp lemon zest
The itinerary will encompass Visby and Gotland, Stockholm (I've lived there but it should be nice to return to some of my favourite haunts with a digital camera), Helsinki, St.Petersburg, Tallinn (which was known as Reval until WW2), Riga, Klaipeda / Nida (Lithuania) and Gdansk with a tour to Marienburg Castle. And time enough at every stop to really explore the towns.
Now me and le FP are both sushi freaks and we'd been craving some good maki rolls for a while. The offer was to good to turn down (plus Serge was cute...).
Dan quit saying “next push and baby will be here!!” after about 20 minutes when he realized it wasn’t happening. I “pushed” like this for about an hour and a half- I could feel he was coming lower and lower. I had earlier declined having my water broken because it usually breaks when I start pushing anyway- and I’m thankful I did. Finally I felt that burnin’ ring of fire- I knew baby was just about here. As he started to crown- my midwife yelled- in a good way- “Oh my goodness!! He was posterior and in the sac!! I have never seen that happen before!!”
It was great meeting with you, iRan, and I have a lot more tips for you. These are just the teasers, to let you know what I can do for you. Here's my card, iRan. E-mail me when you're ready. I take Pay Pal.
Announcing the publication of Hines Sight, a re-edited and revised first hardback edition of Frazer Hines' acclaimed 1996 autobiography.
Our day started with a 6am wake up, which was really nice. Then we piled in RJ’s whip we jammed up 5N and onto PCH until we got to the park. We arrived with plenty of time to spare and managed to get in a nice little 5 min warm up run before lining up at the start. Our race went off at 8am and it was already getting warm as we all toed the line, so I knew that the climbs would be HOT!
M7
Day 1- Introduce, Recent Picture, and 15 Interesting Facts
Things have been crazy busy lately. Don't quite understand how it got to be near the end of February! Where is 2012 going?!
And here's our little cookie thief stealing yet another...oh well its the weekend and grandparents are here...party on!
The front cover is covered in a scrap of patterned paper I had, and features the front cover of the book with Tin Woodman and Scarecrow on it. The back cover shows Oz himself when he is revealed to be a humbug. It also starts the thread that runs all the way through the book...
but to see the happiness on their faces,
I've coloured Edwin and his starfish with promarkers and flexmarkers. The papers are digi ones from Pink Petticoat, printed onto linen card and they've all had the inky distressing treatment, the red textured cardstock is from Papermill Direct. The sentiment is also Pink Petticoat. The raffia, gingham ribbon and buttons are from my stash, as are the little shell beads - I've had these so long (never used) I can't even remember buying them!
The conference lived up to its name; the entire desert appeared in full bloom upon our arrival in Phoenix. Met up with my agent and dear friend, Jill Corcoran, and fun began. My name badge as The Plot Whisperer seemed to part the waters; everyone was more than kind and often downright respectful to me. No Plot Whisperer books in the bookstore. They sold out before I even arrived (note to self: ask for a guarantee that the number of books available for sale equal the number of writers anticipated at my workshops)
Even the dunderhead commissioner Bud Selig has publicly stated that Marvin Miller belongs in baseball's Hall of Fame, even if the veterans committee orchestrated by Selig refuses to select Miller for enshrinement. The plain fact that Selig was chosen from the ownership cadre to advance ownership interests, itself a remarkable conflict of interest, probably is responsible for the cognitive dissonance of Miller's ongoing exclusion.
d. Coldplay
It all started on a rainy Saturday morning a few months ago. Putting my book aside, I thought I’d turn on the TV.
Sooooooo seeing that I've been getting all sorts of loved up for blogland this past week, I thought I'd bring you some yummy gorgeous dreamy images using Black and White in an often neglected part of our home (I know it is in mine) - the stairwell and entrance.
Pros: There are presents. A lot of presents. Even your socks will be filled with presents. Since I like getting free things, this is fantastic.
Part of the reason for my absence is that my husband and I have separated and therefore I won't be living in this house too much longer, and this house has always been a big part of my blog! I also broke my ankle at the end of February on a "look I'm freeee!" night out, which has meant husband moving back in to look after me and the girls. Yep, it's awkward.
Take a picture of this place cos extinction is not so far away
Merrell: Stop staring at my breast.
3-6 small Red Onions depending on taste
Welcome poverty
The way to understand this piece of history is not through the prejudices of outsiders but through real examples. A supporter of Mr.Griffith’s campaign was Cllr. Alan Vernon, 23-years old, who had fostered a young coloured child. Mr.Vernon, who had supported Griffiths campaign, told the Times of 15th February 1965, June, “I do not think the campaign was conducted on racialist lines. I feel that immigration should be restricted. He had also fostered a young coloured child eighteen months previously. He supported the Marshall Street plan.This plan was an attempt by the Conservative council to buy the remaining houses in Marshall Street to sell to white people as 40% were occupied by coloureds people. Martin Luther King himself had addressed members of Parliament in December 1964 on his way to Oslo to collect his Noble Peace Prize and had warned of the creation of “Little Harlems”.(2) Conservative group leaders had taken the decision after meeting a delegation of worried housewives. Housing Committee chairman E. Gould remarked,” This is not colour prejudice. We understand that over thirty houses in Marshall Street are occupied by coloured people and we think they should not be allowed to occupy more than half the houses in any street.” Griffiths agreed and told the Times of 7th December, 1964 ” coloured people can only be integrated if they live alongside white people.”Later a delegation of housewives visited Richard Crossman Minister of Housing for support, who with his PPS Bob Mellish treated them harshly and upset the ladies. A request for funding was sent but turned down. Crossman a leading left-wing intellectual was proud of having opposed the 1961 Commonwealth Immigration Bill, as a “shameful piece of legislation, but wrote in his Diary,“Ever since the Smethwick election it has been quite clear that immigration can be the greatest potential vote loser for the Labour party if we are seen to be permitting a flood of immigrants to come and blight the central areas of our cities.”(3)Mellish had said “Smethwick’s name stinks and “Smethwick is well regarded in Alabama.” But in May 1976 with an influx of Malawi Asians into his own Bermondsey constituency, Mr. Mellish, then Labours’ chief whip, told the Commons, “With 53 million of us we cannot go on without strict immigration control.”
Every once in a while a film comes along that clearly has ulterior motives, be it a political message or double meanings or, as in this case, to product place and make money. Battleship is a culmination of Hasbro emptying their pockets to repeat Transformers’ success and the studio going through its bargain bin of rejected plot lines mashing something together. Some effort has been put into ensuring that it’s a Box Office hit, but that doesn’t stop the result from being anything short of laughable.
I've been doing a little of my own thanks giving this week, after all I did celebrate it as a child in Princeton NJ. Being on the constant quest to find 'the perfect balance' in life & despite the list of 50 things to do for the craft fair I took the dog for a walk on Friday inbetween the sleet showers. We woke up to thunder & lightening, quite dramatic still snuggled under the duvet & dark outside. When light eventually came it was that warm yellow gold light of sun filtered thru snow clouds.
in a glass, and bring it out
A little over a year ago at the 2006 PIB, I discovered Brouwerij Verhaeghe's remarkable Duchesse de Bourgogne, a Flemish red. This is one my favorite styles, and Rodenbach Grand Cru would make my top ten no matter what mood I was in. The Duchesse is almost a different class of Flemish red--the sourness is subsumed by a sultry chocolatey richness. Yet it is dry and more tart than sour. Yet it is also creamy and rich. The impression is of an ale with more in common with wine than beer. (Flemish reds aren't known as the "burgundies" of the beer world for nothing.) It attains this complexity by long aging--18 months in an oak cask before being blended with an 8-month-old batch at bottling.
John Barrowman - Jack Harkness
Pa got up and went to work.
Now I’ve found a model that suits I am going to have to wait that little bit longer, though. I’m in the build cue and my Brommie will start to take shape on 14 May… I hope.
An honest to goodness Rest Day…A spot of Yoga (Sun Salutation stuff focusing primarily on breathing) and Leg Drains in the morning. Followed later in the by day a free-flowing Bike Ride with kiddos before bed.
Our challenges will run for an entire month so you have plenty of time to enter! And you can use any images you like and any recycled item for this month!!
My son is totally confused about where we live. I am tired of living out of a suitcase. I never imagined it would be close to a month after beginning to move before we were actually able to settle in. We were starting to settle, but my dad called on the 10th with the shocking (and heartbreaking) news that my uncle had died of a heart attack. So, my husband, God bless him, drove me four hours super late at night so that I could be with my family as we mourn. He drove the four hours back the following day for school. He tried his best to make it back for the funeral but it just didn't work out.
Possessing firsthand knowledge of both police work and forensics, Cornwell is eminently qualified to write this type of mystery. Before turning to novels, she worked as a technical writer and computer analyst for a medical examiner. Cornwell was also worked as a volunteer police officer and an investigative reporter. Not surprisingly, her books are praised for their expert depiction of forensic science and for their unflinching realism.
Like I said, this room remains unfinished and I have lots of ideas on changes. As usual, more time and money would catalyze the process! Oh well...hopefully both will come sooner rather than later and I can execute the following:
Basically I hope the Combat/Player card from Black Ops, which was awesome and not in MW3, is probably Elite in Black Ops 2 multiplayer. The integration surely cannot be worse than it is in Modern Warfare 3.
Doobie Brothers What a fool believes US
When used in conjunction with thick and thin outline syou can really show the full range of grays using simple black lines. This is the same concept computer illustrations are based on. Remember the days when the screen was 9 inches and black & white? To show grays you would add more pixels closer to each other and fewer pixels as you got lighter. There were some amazing illustrations made with those clunky pixels. Hatching and cross hatching allow much more freedom than the old pixel techniques, with finesse and skill playing a key role in how much the eye is fooled into thinking the object is gray.
And for knowing the simple joy
substance without reality
Closer to God though six percent disagree
14 - If everything seems to be going well, you have obviously overlooked something.
into one’s personal position and problems, to give definition to one’s thoughts, to keep up and stimulate attention which sometimes flags
(b) Bear in mind that Fohat, the constructive Force of Cosmic Electricity, is said, metaphorically, to have sprung like Rudra from Brahmâ “from the brain of the Father and the bosom of the Mother,” and then to have metamorphosed himself into a male and a female, i.e., polarity, into positive and negative electricity. He has seven sons who are his brothers; and Fohat is forced to be born time after time whenever any two of his son-brothers indulge in too close contact—whether an embrace or a fight. To avoid this, he binds together and unites those of unlike nature and separates those of similar temperaments. This, of course, relates, as any one can see, to electricity generated by friction and to the law involving attraction between two objects of unlike, and repulsion between those of like polarity. The Seven “Sons-brothers,” however, represent and personify the seven forms of Cosmic magnetism called in practical Occultism the “Seven Radicals,” whose co-operative and active progeny are, among other energies, Electricity, Magnetism, Sound, Light, Heat, Cohesion, etc. Occult Science defines all these as Super-sensuous effects in their hidden behaviour, and as objective phenomena in the world of senses; the former requiring abnormal faculties to perceive them—the latter, our ordinary physical senses. They all pertain to, and are the emanations of, still more supersensuous spiritual qualities, not personated by, but belonging to, real and conscious CAUSES. To attempt a description of such ENTITIES would be worse than useless. The reader must bear in mind that, according to our teaching which regards this phenomenal Universe as a great Illusion, the nearer a body is to the UNKNOWN SUBSTANCE, the more it approaches reality, as being removed the farther from this world of Maya. Therefore, though the molecular constitution of their bodies is not deducible from their manifestations on this plane of consciousness, they nevertheless (from the standpoint of the adept Occultist) possess a distinctive objective if not material structure, in the relatively noumenal—as opposed to the phenomenal—Universe. Men of science may term them Force or Forces generated by matter, or “modes of its motion,” if they will; Occultism sees in the effects “Elemental” (forces), and, in the direct causes producing them, intelligent DIVINE Workmen. The intimate connection of those Elementals (guided by the unerring hand of the Rulers)—their correlation we might call it—with the elements of pure Matter, results in our terrestrial phenomena, such as light, heat, magnetism, etc., etc. Of course we shall never agree with the American Substantialists* who call every Force and Energy—whether Light, Heat, Electricity or Cohesion—an “Entity;” for this would be equivalent to calling the noise produced by the rolling of the wheels of a vehicle an Entity—thus confusing and identifying that “noise” with the driver outside, and the guiding Master Intelligence within the vehicle. But we certainly give that name to the “drivers” and to these guiding Intelligences—the ruling Dhyan Chohans, as shown. The “Elementals,” the Nature-Forces, are the acting, though invisible, or rather imperceptible, secondary Causes and in themselves the effects of primary Causes behind the Veil of all terrestrial phenomena. Electricity, light, heat, etc., have been aptly termed the “Ghost or Shadow of Matter in Motion,” i.e., supersensuous states of matter whose effects only we are able to cognize. To expand, then, the simile given above. The sensation of light is like the sound of the rolling wheels—a purely phenomenal effect, having no existence outside the observer; the proximate exciting cause of the sensation is comparable to the driver—a supersensuous state of matter in motion, a Nature-Force or Elemental. But, behind even this, stand—just as the owner of the carriage directs the driver from within—the higher and noumenal causes, the Intelligences from whose essence radiate these States of “Mother,” generating the countless milliards of Elementals or psychic Nature-Spirits, just as every drop of water generates its physical infinitesimal Infusoria. (See “Gods, Monads, and Atoms,” in Part III.) It is Fohat who guides the transfer of the principles from one planet to the other, from one star to another—child-star. When a planet dies, its informing principles are transferred to a laya or sleeping centre, with potential but latent energy in it, which is thus awakened into life and begins to form itself into a new sidereal body. (Vide infra, “A Few Theosophical Misconceptions, etc.”)
Last year when the Queen was here it was busier then usual. This year it's just downright insane. It took about a half hour to walk half a block, rubbing up against some of the most ....umm....damp and odorous individuals you could come across because of the high temperatures and sunny weather. The above pictures are of the more opened areas we could find when I could get my arms up to take a picture. Did I mention I have claustrophobia!
1 stacks
Please note, a pumpkin is not just for Halloween!
If you could learn to do anything, what would it be? Jennifer would like to learn two things. First, she wants to improve her public speaking skills. She tells, “I can play music and sing as loud as I can but speaking is impossible.” Second, Jenny would like to learn how to play percussion instruments “like Cajon”.
I think, no, I know she is really miffed at me for bringing in these two, but now she knows how Sampress felt when she usurped his position as the cutest one in the house! We are still going to be putting the birds in the dressing room at night or when we aren’t at home just to keep things safe and so the Cleopatra doesn’t completely exhaust herself.
This is metal for drunkards. This is metal for bros.
I did try a couple beers...
rotted railroad ties and planting 10 small shrubs and 3 Bushes $ 2,934.00 (UPR)
I couldn’t quite catch his name the first time he pronounced it. Even a common Muslim name like Hassan sounds different when pronounced by a Malayalee (a Malayalam speaking native of Kerala). He smiled at me and said, “Call me Babu, everyone calls me that.” I knew another Keralite years ago who was nicknamed ‘Babu’. He used to amuse himself by peeling stickers from his new underwear and sticking them to the front door of the rented dwelling he shared with his elder brother and Bijoy. I used to visit Bijoy after school to go cycling. Out of earshot Bijoy and I took to calling him ‘Pintex’ after the brand he wore and whose sticker stared at me each time I knocked on the door to rouse Bijoy from his afternoon nap!
The index was at 75.5 in February, 74.2 in January, 73.1 in December, and 71.0 in November.
This is what is available 2 minutes walk from the desk. One of the cleaner 'hawker' spots you will find. Comes with all the perks. A roof, a concrete floors, void of stray cats AND the water mist style fan to keep you cool. What more could you ask for!
Graham comes back, but not for Wil's brains. Instead he is distant and numb. Now that Graham is back and living with the family, Wil is left to wonder if he has made the right choice, and faced with the challenge of fixing his brother.
Aurelius Augustine
She's fucking at it a-gain. No sooner did I post about how she destroyed my nap last weekend, but now she's in the press for an alleged cheating scandal. (PS the discovery was made following ANOTHER earthquake, this time in China. Is their love-life some kind of diversionary tactic to keep us from worrying that the tectonic plates of the Earth are going to implode?)
meeting of WRiTE CLUB. Those simple words began my little blogging experiment back on October 23, 2011 and here we are almost five months later about to crown us a champion. It's been a typical ride, complete with ups and downs, wrong-turns and detours, and some truly amazing scenery along the way. But whatever path this trip has taken has been shaped by the talent of great writers and your unending participation. Thank you for recognizing the potential in what I was trying to do here and keeping the gas tank filled. I'd like to see every generation
that we are no longer
Seems this might be a case of making one’s own luck.
States and school districts should also promote “school choice,” such as charter schools — privately managed public schools — and vouchers, in which parents are given tax money to spend where they choose, including at private schools, according to the report.
In a letter to the commission’s chairwoman, Jenny Watson, the councillors said: “We write to you as a matter of urgency to demand action be taken about what we believe to be serious abuses of the electoral register and gross voting malpractice in Tower Hamlets. “In particular we are concerned at the unprecedented number of households that have recently signed up for postal votes in the borough. This was evident last week during the Spitalfields and Banglatown by-election.” Oh ho! A clue?
We're headed out in a bit to visit with the Brother-in-law, go to Whole Foods, and do other things that you can do in the 'big city' (aka Raleigh, NC, here) that you can't do in the little towns that hubby and I prefer to call home. :-)
As a light temporarily shines to illumine his pages- - - - - - - - - -
Then the funniest thing EVER happened. I was maybe a quarter-mile down the trail when a guy walked up behind me and we had that I-think-I-know-you look. Turned out it was Mellow Yellow who had been on the AT in 2010 as well and apparently was one of two people who had passed us on the approach trail before he went and finished much faster than I did.
BLITZER: A follow up question to you both specifically. It seems they both acknowledge they both made money from Fannie and Freddie. Should they return that money?
One thing that occurred to me in playing with this concept is that while I was living on my land over the summer, I was living by a budget of water. I had my two seven-gallon containers and I had icemelt from the ice chest, and that was it. Having this limited water supply meant disciplining myself to use that fifteen or so gallons completely and creatively. It meant I could see exactly what I had and where it was going, and so, as I posted earlier here, it was a rewarding experience. And I realize now that the sense of empowerment that comes with living by a budget is directly related to the ability to control one's resources.
My college kids are finishing up for the year! Aaron has been hired full time for the summer, to work in the cardiac operating room. But he will have a few weeks of down time before he starts. He is planning an Adirondack hike with Mali...I am looking forward to having Mirielle around more. She will probably start working soon too, but still. They spend so much time studying, it will be nice to have them more freed up and relaxed.
Dunedin, New Zealand
I looked up to the clock and whispered to myself, “Eight more hours.” Then I got up to begin my day.
View more art at:
Find a medium pot for soup and gather your ingredients.
1 tsp brown sugar
5:50 – Boy challenges girl to come up with something better. Girl goes into poem elegizing Lola. Oh, my god, the Lola even cooks rice for the girl in this poem. Ai ya, this is turning into a romance. Enough.
Dedicated to Paul, my “top-drawer” friend.
And now that I’m back, I’ve got a tasty Chicken Marsala recipe for you. I really like Italian dishes, and the depth of flavor in this one will surely have you repeating the recipe many times. This is a lighter version of Chicken Marsala, without the usual ingredients of butter, flour and cream.
We are faced with lots of choices in life. Sometimes we choose to go a certain path, but try as we might to follow this path, obstacles keep getting in our way. Life is full of trials and difficulties and I think part of our purpose is to find ways of overcoming these obstacles. But, there are times when we have to accept that maybe we’re following the wrong path. Maybe we need to change route and by doing so everything will start to run smoothly again. This is what I mean by ‘go with the flow’. If everything is going smoothly and you seem to be making progress, run with it. But, if it feels like everything's an uphill struggle, maybe it’s time to
The U.S. Geological Survey says the 5.7 quake was centered 85 miles from Michoacan’s capital, Morelia. An earlier 5.0 quake struck 114 miles off the coast of Cabo San Lucas in the state of Baja California Sur. Neither state reported serious damage or injuries.
Mendocino Brewing Company Black Hawk Stout
Of Antiques and Collectibles with high prices....
As you can see even smaller MMO’s required 300+ developers to produce. UbiSoft is simply to small to be making an AAA MMORPG as well as a AAA WiiU title.
For more Fantastic Prizes...
Because God’s love is the magnet that draws us back to Him every time.
1 killed
One of the best seller of Blu Style, made in calfskin plissè. Features double handles, top zipped closure, 3 compartments, the central one is closed by a zipper, an internal pocket to preserve document, cell phone touch and a silver plateau on the front.
The story follows his life, loves, trials and tribulations.
I'm usually a flip-flop, or flat sandal kinda gal. My feet cramp up if I'm in heels too long. I do like wedges - but always feel funny in anything that makes me taller.
Brooklyn and London viewers happily communicated by waving, gesturing and writing messages on white boards (provided by the artist/inventor Paul St. George).
My car has a 6-disc CD changer in it, and 5 of the CDs are mine, but for some reason, the one Kidz Bop CD that is in the car is the one that’s played over and over again.
Sitting in the front pew (we came in late) knowing my whole extended family was right behind me. Hearing a cough and recognising it as my mother's, a whisper from a cousin, a nose-blow which could have only belonged to a man.
Beginning the Practice
Just wait, you mocking weeds, my runny nose, burning calves with my pulled hamstrings are going back to my friendly neighborhood everything store and I am getting the biggest container of Up Round, just wait!
My letter to the anti gun folks has brought me a lot of attention and thus a lot of new people coming to the blog, which I love, but I fear it has given people the false idea that I know something about guns.
And Friedrich Engels had similar views: "Revolution is certainly the most authoritarian thing there is; it is the act whereby one part of the population imposes its will upon the other part by means of rifles, bayonets and cannon" (from his controversy with the Anarchists).
it repealed in part
ARE YOU READY?
they are “stuck in a class” - I prefer to call
So, now for the million-dollar question.
When humans are trying to describe reality, they do so in simple terms, simple stories that make sense, semi-realist fantasies that capture the generalized shape of something deeply confusing to make it safe, to domesticate it. Conspiracy theorists look at geopolitical happenings that are so infinitely complex to unravel and they offer simpler, safer constructs to explain away that feeling of dread inherent in gazing inside an endless machine: the Jews did it. The New World Order. I don't blame conspiracy theorists for reaching that caveman-structural end to their paranoia because 'simple solutions' is an ancient reflex. It got us where we are. It is inherent in the belief in basic language. In the adoration of grammar, as Nietzsche said, we may find the strongest suggestion that the populous is not finished with the concept of God.
My first meeting with Jeanne for the first Quacker Cruise took place at her home in Boca Raton. I was introduced to Jeanne by Jenniefer Kirk of Kirks Folly, whom I had done several cruises for in the past. I was told that I had better come to this meeting with an open mind and the belief that anything is possible.
you shall not escape me
Galatians 3: 23-25
Run
We liked the feel of bare feet against the sand and stones... and in the sea! And we also made a friendly little wriggly chap out of things we found. My sister, Pootle, says 'Andy Goldsworthy inspired'. I say 'Eric Carle'!
Japan Nuclear Meltdown: Nuclear Fuel Pool Has NO WATER, RODS EXPOSED – Plutonium Could Become Volatile! Long Time Love Affair Between MSNBC And America’s Wars! Ron Paul: The FedRes Bailed Out Foreign Banks And Corporations! Total Proof: Obama Not A Natural Born US Citizen, Not Eligible To Be POTUSA! Jeffrey Steinberg: World Depopulation is Illuminati Globalists’ Agenda! Bob Chapman: Gold Going to $8000/oz , Silver to $300 , $400 , $500… Fukushima Flush: Radiation 10,000 Times Normal Confirmed ! Mossad ‘Stole’ Gaza Man From Train in Ukraine! Friends of Israel: Enemies Inside the Gates!
And I waited.
The question begging so typical of the Macpherson Report is on display: it has indeed been asserted, yet by no means demonstrated - ‘so clearly’ - that the murder of Stephen Lawrence was racially motivated. Note, too, the thoroughly unwarranted assertion that, since some of the officers did not agree they must be “institutionally racist”. This is not argument: this is intimidation and it is an ugly and pervasive feature of the Macpherson Report. The logical impossibility of individual police officers’ being “institutionally racist”, as Macpherson asserts, is nevertheless revealing. It demonstrates that in the search for “institutional and unwitting racism” one individual will be enough to initiate a witch hunt. In the Macpherson universe any police officer who does not accept that Stephen Lawrence was the victim of a racially-motivated murder, must, by that very fact, Macpherson implies, harbour some dark secret. He is a “racist”, an enemy who, like Winston in Orwell’s 1984, must be compelled to believe in something he holds to be false. This has nothing to do with justice: this is intellectual violence, the sort which typified Marxist sophistry. If we, the high priests of scientific communism are right, then anybody who disagrees with us must be wrong; our opponent is a class enemy, an “enemy of the people”.
One can manage by lowering one's life style and expectations, but the older we are the harder it is to do that.
Know rejection by the native born
So, what do you think about leaning mirrors? Are you a fan?
In many cases, as we have seen, the objection to different than is simply that: an objection, along the lines of a Monty Python contradiction or a Judge Dredd yell. Maybe the critic read a daft list of alleged grammar mistakes and added different than/to to their own nest of peeves. It’s understandable that some people prefer not to risk a mistake that would make them look “dumb” in the eyes of another, whoever it might be and however dubious their authority.
At times, the nature of Q tried to fight the tide.
Good morning dear reader! If you stopped by today to hang out and read about the wonderful breakfast we have planned and the totally awesome workout we will be doing later? Now is a good time to scurry along and live vicariously through another blog-o-thingy. Authenticity…We love your “cute” little pictures of the charming breakfast you put together just as much as the next peep. Is it really you? We’re saying it’s not and the sooner we all agree to this the sooner we can press on…
But now that I've finished it once, I am ready to do it again.
Wow, number 40 already?! Thanks to all of you who return each week with your inspiration. Without you it wouldn't be a party.
I hate watching political debates. I usually like each candidate a little less after hearing them speak.
Collective Action propose:
I'll just throw the ailing plant out and replace it with another. Besides, I have read that it is not always my fault that a plant will not flourish under my care, sometimes the fault falls on the nurseries...
Yesterday I made a field trip to hell. Not sure what I’m on about? I’ll tell you.
A very valid question. I am doing GAPS alone. I still have 4 other people to feed. Here's a shopping list for my family. It changes slightly each week, depending upon our needs, but it pretty much stays the same.
While the history of Haiti reads like any African country, replete with one bloody coup after another, grinding poverty and merciless suffering, you would be forgiven for wondering why I would bore you with a chronological account of just another black disaster. There are, it seems, some interesting parallels between Haiti and its slave uprising of 200 years ago, and the former White South Africa which ended in 1994. I’ll leave you to draw the parallels.
Blogs from all members of the adoption triad have been an incredible resource for us as we explored adoption and open adoption. One of the most important resources we found was Heather at Production not Reproduction who has done an amazing job at reaching out and connecting members of the open adoption triad. One of her projects is called the Open Adoption Interview Project where blogging members of the adoption triad are paired up and interview each other. This time I wasn’t just a spectator in the interviews I participated. My interviewee and interviewer? Rain of Weathering the Storm.
Next week, I think it will be Aaron shown the door, then all bets are off.
3:Prince Fielder- under priced on draftstreet.
Unrepentantly personal as Malick's TREE is; so inflated yet intimate are its emotions, it may help to be on substances or dealing with a recent or impending death in the family while viewing. Then again, most of its target audience should be just that. My dad is very sick after chemo-therapy, so a combination with that and other things makes these tight little catalogs of instances between Brad Pitt and his tykes extra pronounced for me. And I grew up with a younger brother who I felt the need to dominate via fake wrestling, and we were into war, and violence. If TREE was about girls growing up, I can imagine being bored. Real bored.
Massillon, who strongly condemned this mania, was preaching at Versailles in front of an auditory of elegant lady sinners. He thought that he could kill this fashion by exclaiming ironically: “Why don’t you put them everywhere?” His advice was followed within the hour. The fashion-conscious ladies put them in all the places where they hadn’t yet thought to put them. And this was how the mouches (patches) a la Massillon were born.
Interesting that the oldtime multiple choice test company, Scantron, Inc. is on the ALEC taskforce. For all the big talk about learning and accountability, the current so-called educational reform means one thing on the level of kids’ experience: multiple choice tests every day. The vaunted standardized tests are always multiple choice and the prep for such tests consists of model tests,. i.e. multiple choice practice tests. And what classroom instruction occurs consists of going over questions on such model tests. Hence, every day becomes a multiple choice day.
So I stuck to my line: I was changing my spending strategy because I was taking a Dave Ramsey class, and Dave had put me to wise on how to make sense of my finances.
How many times have you gone to see a movie you thought was going to be awful only to leave the theatre elated when it far surpassed your expectations? I honestly find this type of movie going experience far superior to a heavily hyped movie simply leaving me moderately satisfied. Anyone who lived anywhere on Earth when Avatar was in theatres is duly familiar with this concept.
Gary Dirks, Director of ASU LightWorks, who also participated in the first summit, will moderate the panel, “A solar super hub in the Southwest: Imagining Arizona and surrounding states as the exporters of solar energy to the rest of the nation.”
Wildlife Biologist (I don't know your name :)
Now Chrysabelle and Malkolm must work together to stop a plot to merge the mortal and supernatural worlds. If they fail, a chaos unlike anything anyone has ever seen will threaten to reign.
the one doing the seeking
These fragments now increase our holdings as follows: we have as many as eighteen New Testament manuscripts from the second century and one from the first. Altogether, more than 43% of all New Testament verses are found in these manuscripts. But the most interesting thing is the first-century fragment.
“Euan of Hawthorn”
Here is a clip from here newsletter…
Rerolled as a mage - who got the souls of a Warlock , a Necromancer and a Chloromancer. So far, this is feeling much better as to what I like playing.
This division includes personnel with supportive duties such as insurance, law, accounting, finance, corporate relations, human resources, et cetera. They function as a tool for efficiency by supporting line personnel and maximizing efficiency and effectiveness of company actions. The majority of this division is located in the company headquarters and is divided into separate categories: finance and accounting, personnel, information services and medical could be given as examples.
Next up was Team Blake’s elimination: Erin Willett vs Jermaine Paul. And today is Erin’s bday. Will Blake or America give her an incredible bday present or will this be the worst birthday ever? Blake divided his points for his teammates 50/50. He explained they are both trying so hard and doing everything they can do. He didn’t want to make that decision. America’s votes added: Erin – 77; Jermaine – 123. Okay I am sure its not the worst birthday present, but it sucks. I love that she pointed at Blake and said “Let’s get drunk!!”
I'm working on the second nightstand and painting the gourd lamps, so hopefully I can cross some more items off my list soon.
Face to you, face on the ground.
After we were all grown up and starting lives of our own, his mom had another baby. A little girl. And as fate would have it, some years later this little girl ended up in my daughter's Brownie troop.
As chairman of the Committee of Aging and Community Affairs, Barry oversees several District agencies designed to serve as liaisons between the government and minority communities. He created several of the offices when he served as mayor in the 1980s.
Seth looked around.
Combine honey and rum with ice and shake. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with fresh ground nutmeg.
The 1709 Blog, which caters for the copyright enthusiast and seeks to cover all aspects of copyright law and practice in all its rich and varied glory (http://the1709blog.blogspot.com/). As of today, this blog has 1,237 email subscribers and a searchable database of 979 items. It has a large and international team of contributors who are always pleased to learn and report on interesting and copyright developments from around the world.
The collected poetry of the sisters is only discussed briefly, but overall it states that by far, Emily’s poems are the best and most original of the three sisters.
CHEATY TO EATY PIZZA:
“I swear he was dead when we walled him up,” claims the centurion, who asked not to be named. “We cast lots for his clothes. I got his sandals.
The Lord Ruler fascinates me since so far we haven’t met him. Sometimes I wonder if he is like the man behind the curtain who doesn’t have any magical powers. Or is he a puppet and a group is controlling him?
I managed to get my grubby mitts on some sparkly number Thickers in the january sales, perfect for all those scary 30 cards I have to make!
The brasied shot ribs were easy to make and delicious. I used boneless short ribs because that is what I had, but what makes this dish a stand out is the gremolata of orange peel, parsley and garlic. Don't be tempted to skip this step!
Author Chrissy K. McVay: “I usually celebrate by going for a one mile hike. It clears the head and I feel refreshed… Of course, I also do that if I’m stuck on something I’m writing.”
Application Process: The employer must fill out and sign the labor certification form (Form ETA 9089) and submit it in duplicate to USCIS along with the I-140 and all supporting documentation. Whether the foreign national should apply for EB-2 or EB-3 will depend on the foreign national’s qualifications and other considerations such as visa availability.
If we could ever get this FLU out of our house, Starlla could come!!! Sheesh! I'm so done with this!! Another story another day!! But it is the root of the no patience, bad mommy moment at the beginning of this post.
‘Visitation’ is written by Jenny Erpenbeck. This is her third book. The book was shortlisted for the independent foreign fiction prize. I found the book rather hard to read as the text is written in blocks and not really spread out so its hard to stick with it.
I didn't even try to bargain because every store was so busy O.O
Looking at this from a parent’s point of view, it’s a tough tight rope to walk but we try to stay upright and not disturb the waters. From a child’s point of view, it’s annoying, but comforting to know someone loves you so much they worry about you and would stop the world for you if that’s what you needed.
* Please leave a comment in my post and I will love it when you mention what you like about my blog / cards, but also tips, tricks and constructive criticism is always welcome! Because I cannot build or make my blog like this without you loyal fans with honest comments!
She was petite and sexy and sweet and all of that, so she was a treat, really. I liked her. But the guy was a bit pushy, and I didn't find him sexy at all, so well. That was somewhat unfortunate I guess. Plus he wanted to stay for-fucking-ever. I was really twatted by 3 a.m. because I've been on this new programme at the gym where Rogier (the guy with the previous job at the inquisition, remember?) breaks my back, but he was still suggesting 'another round'. I was on the verge of asking Dani to put on "The Life of Plants" (BBC, with Sir Attenborough) because I just wanted to chill out, and didn't want anymore herbal substances to help me along. :P I think hence forth, that will the the way forward to get rid of people when they've overstyed their group sex invitation. The Life of Plants.
The singer asked her twitter followers to help her choose what earrings she should wear with her outfit: “HELP!! I’m overwhelmed with glamour.. Feeling very very spoilt ;;) which earrings should I wear tonight?”
1) To unsaved Israelites who were under the Law.
It also bears mentioning, that I had a monumental professional photo shoot when I went out of town. It definitely took me out of my comfort zone, but I truly believe that the resulting images will do amazing things for my mental progress/process of acceptance/body image reality/etc. It certainly did some things for my ego!
8) Carrying stuff
19) Infomercial Products
Next to all the dining storage, we have our sink. Below the sink I stash our cleaning supplies, extra rags and dishwasher pods. We also keep our recycling bin tucked out of site as well!
We were driving around seeing the mountains and the sandy beaches when we came across this old road, there should have been signs but there weren't. There was an old fence that was partially down and Codie and I thought what they hell lets see where it goes. It looked like such beautiful scenery down that road and we took the temptation. We turned onto it and drove around the dilapidated partially down fence. Half way down we realized the road signs had changed, they went from kilometres to miles per hour. UH OH. When it dawned on us I started freaking out OMG Codie We are in the United States and I don't have a passport!!!
Rock-a-bye your rock-a-bye baby with a Dixie melody
Snaking through the fish market was nothing like the Pike Place Fish Market in my Seattle home where you can see the fish tossed around at a safe distance, but it smelled similar. Here, we were nose to nose with piles of fish. We were also elbow to elbow with the locals who go to the market for their daily shopping. The fish overflowed from the tables: I almost stepped on one.
Good morning all I hope you are all having a great weekend...
and so expand in colour
So you filthy satan sluts can see that if you're planning to have sex in the next two weeks, the pill won't even prevent pregnancy, because you are already "With Child". Now I know that to you NON-Sunday School attendees don't have the brain capacity to understand this, so let me break it down for you with the cunning use of BULLETS.
I am astonished at the thousands of new readers who have stormed into Madame Arcati all because of my little post on Sheila Vogel-Coupe. She's in the Sun today, blissfully unashamed to be a practising prostitute at the age of 81. But I am appalled that her disrespectful X Factor wannabe and Frodo lookalike granddaughter, Katie Waissel, was 'vile and vicious' towards her on the phone after singing Help! last Saturday. Help? She can fuck off, dearie.
A. Each Author will have a package set up specifically for them. Fees vary based on what the author agrees to have us do to promote their work.Do I need to say why this is a no-no? The only fee you should pay your agent is his or her commission when your book is sold.
We are cows, and we like to...
Navy sweater - Zara
In fact in an unusual admission I am going to hold my hands up and say that after several failed attempts I am going to admit defeat on this post. Now normally I would just delete it and put it down to experience but I really want you to read this book so I'm taking a hefty dose of humility in the hope that you might do just that. In the original Foreword by James Alan McPherson he speculates about what might have contributed to Pancake's death. He was a great giver of gifts apparently and McPherson wonders whether the man who had cultivated the persona of Provider also expected things of others, needed perhaps just a simple gesture but was so frustrated by his attempts that it looks to be 'hopeless except through the written word? In such a situation, a man might look at his typewriter, and then at the rest of the world, and just give up the struggle.'
58. Longneck Bottle -- Garth Brooks
However, playing Indian still relegates Native peoples to stereotypical character tropes. The images above show one "image" of an Indian--the feathers, the fringe, the warpaint, the braids. Indians are sexy maidens, fierce warriors, peace-loving environmentalists, all holding up their hand to say "How." These characters were solidified through early cinema, where Westerns all seemed to include the helpless Indian maiden and the evil Indian warrior--all played by non-Native actors, of course--and continue through to today (see: oh, every post on this blog).
If you missed (hey, it happens) or prongs are sticking
I’ve been drooling over the latest Hairy Biker’s TV series and my generous children bought me the accompanying book for my birthday! I had a day off yesterday and decided to get baking some bread. This was so yummy, we polished off the entire loaf between 5 of us with dinner! Fresh bread is so tasty but I think the fact it takes so long puts a lot of people off. This took some time, only because it takes an hour and a half to rise. The actual work put into the bread is very little compared to what you get out at the end! You won’t be disappointed.
Today we have the Cornered Jack Warner, the UNC Chairman who is being ignored and left out of all UNC matters, pledging to have Kamla’s back. While the nation waits patiently for him to get the axe!
We are being experimented on again by the companies doing the genetic alterations, and being led to it by our government.
-Chiseled Wedges-Anthropologie
When a prayer ends with the Amen of the congregation, we are saying “That is my prayer too,” or “I own that as the truth,” That seems to me more potent than applause that says, “I like that,” or “Nice going.”
I replied:
Plaisir is a pale milky peach. It is the most deceiving in the tube. I was expecting it to have a bit more color. Again, this is a lipstick topper.
I am most pleased about all the cooking. Now I have delicious leftovers to eat all week:
As children, most of us played with dolls. Whether they were GI Joe’s®, Barbie’s®, or even Cabbage Patch Kids®, each type had one thing in common – their size, shape and clothing. If you had a nurse’s outfit for your fashion doll and your best friend also got the nurse, you had identical outfits. The office outfit consisted of a dark suit, white blouse and briefcase. For GI Joe®, well, olive drab is still olive drab. Unless you were creative with a needle and thread, your doll looked the same as everyone else’s.
By some estimates, about 20 percent of women suffer from a condition called “brittle nail syndrome.” While it may sound like just a fancy name for nails that break easily, the causes go deeper than that. Brittle nails are ones that can’t hold on to moisture, so the layers of the nail plate dry out and crack. Medically speaking, it’s possible for an under-active thyroid to cause both dry skin and brittle nails. Nutritionally, a diet low in iron can cause nails to become thin, brittle and easily broken (eating more green, leafy vegetables, red meat and eggs will help boost your iron intake). Biotin supplements (a B-complex vitamin) have also been shown to improve the condition of brittle nails. And your habits play a role as well. The main culprit: excessive exposure to water. Constantly wetting and drying your hands (and nails) can make brittleness worse.
Anywhooo.. when the ribbon arrived I laid it all out on my table and I really liked how they looked all layered up so I got my first idea instantly.
A traditional Catholic knows that a Catholic can not attend a Novus Ordo, or go to a Novus Ordo ordained priest, or support religious liberty, ecumenism, or collegiality. Why is this? Because in so doing, they are denying the Traditional dogmas and authority of the Universal Church on ecumenism, religious liberty, and even on the propitiatory nature of the Sacrifice of the Mass. In the Novus Ordo, unlike the traditional Roman Rite (and other Traditional Rites), the word propitiatory does not appear in the beginning of the Novus Ordo Roman Missal's doctrinal exposition.
As much as we might want this process to be deterministic, it isn’t. Just because you produce something doesn’t mean people will use it, and just because they use it doesn’t mean they will pay you what you want for it. The only way to truly find out is to produce something and see how much value can be realized from it, for instance by charging money for it.
But she also understands that life was never guaranteed to be fair.
I can hardly wait to see how I manage that!
A cloud of it, near invisible but for the half-light of the swollen moon shining through the trees, hangs over the path in front of him, and he brushes it aside as he walks towards the first of the homes– this one made of log where his had been made of clay, straw and hard work.
So as people we need to use all of our brain to fully understand why our batteries are “garbage” in our new “smart” phone devices. Understand that you are using the device for more things then you have ever used before. With new technology comes new problems to worked out and fixed. If you plan on being on Facebook more then being on your spouse then you should look into a high capacity battery like you would in other “solo devices”. Stop bitching about how your phone is a piece of garbage just because you are using it like Flavor Flav uses his crack pipe. If you aren’t willing to find a device to meet your needs or purchase items to allow your device to meet your needs then you have no room to bitch or complain about how your battery life sucks. If you don’t know then go to your local electronics store and ask someone who does know or use your device to Google the info instead of looking at what Bobby is doing on Facebook. With all of the information available on the internet today ignorance seems to be at an all time high.
DAD: (Frustrated) "I've got a headache! This is as loud as it's going to be."
Many of us have been effected by the Trayvon Martin and similar incidents.
You'll never be apart.
I hope that he will eventually see the light of this situation, and realize that (despite whatever he says) this should be about making hilarious fanvids about Perfume, not getting Tokuma/Perfume/Nakata/whoever to notice you, or being acknowledged as The Greatest Perfume Fan EVRAR, or having A~chan look at your YouTube Channel, or whatever weird form of validation one seeks. For the only true validation a fan should seek is from within himself or herself: the realization that, “YES! I really care about this artist and I mean it from the bottom of my heart!” And that is all you should ever need … your own, carefully-considered justification of who you are as a fan.
The name of Jesus is a fortress
Friday was Fish Stick day. Usually, that’s an easy day. Just toss them in the oven, and anyone who can’t have fish can have chicken patties. And it would have been… if there had been 20 cases of Fish Sticks instead of the 10 that were in the freezer.
1 foundation
I think that perhaps the problem with yoga and culturally women of African decent is a complex issue with several factors to consider such as demographics, education, health awareness and so forth. People of African descent are very drawn to rhythm, it is life. Yoga however is not necessarily associated with music as traditional Indian practice is about austerity and purification where music (beyond simple chanting) is thought to ignite sexual excitement rather than contemplation. However considering that one may be trying to reach an audience more inclined to take up activities that allow a little music perhaps the solution to guiding more people of African descent into yoga studios is to consider merging healing music (normally associated with massage) and yoga practice. It would also be good to see more yoga taught in local schools and youth groups or centers as part of sports education, it would be particularly beneficial for young women less inclined to take up more traditional sports.
a subpoena for the improperly turned-over keycard record, he admitted that he blind-cc’d Duke PD director Dean, which he didn’t regularly do—suggesting that the DukePD leadership was involved in the after-the-fact scheme to concoct a legal rationale to turn over the keycard information. (He said he didn’t
In Love, His Grammar Grew
“Are you even listening to me?” she asked, her voice rising an octave. That was bad. Clio had been born missing that part of the brain that secreted the chemicals that allowed one to feel ashamed when arguing in public. She would, if not headed off, continue to raise her voice until I meekly complied.
Be yourself. Especially do not feign affection.
That this House applauds the stand taken by journalists at the North London and Herts newspaper group in defence of quality newspapers; notes that over the last two years more than half of the newsdesk have left the newspapers without new staff being appointed; further notes that there are now only two reporters covering nine newspapers; believes that journalists are therefore unable to cover important stories in depth, are unable to cover community or political events, council meetings and court cases; believes that this runs contrary to the Tindle Newspapers Ltd’s local newspaper philosophy; further notes that the group’s proprietor Sir Ray Tindle has a personal fortune of 149 million and that the parent company made 8.6 million profit two years ago; and calls on Sir Ray Tindle to meet with the National Union of Journalists in order to resolve this dispute and preserve quality newspapers for the local communities.
It’s also a very easy way to practice and repeat the information which is more complicated with other means.
I was going to just post a list, since I thought it might be indulgent and vain to write about each of them. Then I thought it would just be lazy to make a list and leave it there without giving some brief reason for why I recommend checking this stuff out.
Matthew 11: 28 – 30 “Come to me, all you who labor and are burdened, and I will give you rest. Take my yoke upon you and learn from me, for I am meek and humble of heart; and you will find rest for yourselves. For my yoke is easy and my burden is light.” AMEN! I know this verse has touched all our lives at the SSiC DT. We are so blessed to have each other to share our burdens and to pray for each other. We know that in taking each other’s request to our Father and leaving them in His loving care allows our hearts to “find rest”. It also is just very comforting to know we have so many “sisters” who care for us and about our problems as well as delight in our accomplishments too!!
Enter Janetha’s May challenge:
This week was a hard week, but it was a good week,
Woodworth Milmine. I think Alice was born in Mi or in Toledo, Ohio where her
There is some colour you have witnessed..
We are also pleased to release the 2012 version of The Global Economics of Disability – our White Paper assessing macro- and micro-economic forces in the emerging market of disability. It may be downloaded here.
Once you chain such a dog, it becomes dangerous to UNchain them, as I am here (but almost wasn't!) to attest...
Channel description : SAS/SATA
I’ve personally had such a messy learning curve, I’ve finally realized that I need to just stop, take a deep breath, focus, and start fresh. So that’s what I’m doing now – essentially starting over. I’m not trying anymore so much to wrap my arms around the big picture. I’ve come to see that I don’t need to be master of all aspects of the process of independent publishing. I’ll never be another Joe Konrath or Amanda Hocking; nobody will. And I’m not even talking about their financial success. It’s more that these people, while inspiring, carved out their own places in the world of indie publishing. I can learn from things they’ve done, and others who’ve found success, definitely (and I’m so grateful for how generous self-published authors have been with their information, even to sales numbers.) But I want to carve out my own place…and, to be successful, I think I NEED to carve out my own place. And it takes time to know how to do that…much less to actually DO it.
Damn–I Love It When A Good Plan Comes Together!
We are getting a new roof, gutters, soffits, garage door, paint color and landscaping. Whew! I just realized how much work that really is once I started typing. What am I getting myself into again?? Today I am struggling with color. My roofer kinda needs an answer...like today...but I am almost 100% positive I will make him wait a few more days. I can't decide...
Buckle up, America. It’s going to be a very long, hot summer.
Someday, I will make something of this passion of mine.
Leslie Nielsen, whose longtime career as a dramatic actor took a sudden turn into comedy with spoofs like "Airplane!" and "The Naked Gun," has died at age 84, his family said Sunday.
Explain the roles of a man in a marriage, and tell me some of the things you would do in order to help your man to achieve those roles. What groups would oppose your husband from fulfilling those roles, and what have you done in your life to prepare yourself to help your husband in his roles? What are some of the most important things that a man needs from a woman, and what specific things should a wife do to provide them?
(based on 3 month average)
Even though now it is hours later in the day.
And, almost as an aside, comes the last half of the last verse in this chapter:
So they ‘did’ Vanessa a couple of times too:
Goodness knows how she will get on with our proxy votes for the AV referendum next week. We haven't told her yet that she will be voting on our behalf.
4x cloves of garlic, chopped
5% of the population does not produce art due to a lack of interest or talent.
“Hey man, aren’t you Robert Brown, the blues musician?” someone says behind him.
“Please do, Alpha Chavez,” she said. “Let him know we’ll contact him in the next day or so.” She didn’t need to lower her shields to feel the roil of power coming off the alpha because of her dismissive tone.
She fought off the temptation of seducing him into becoming a rebel recruit.
“The fact of the matter is unless the President of the United states is going to engage in a serious conversation about illegal immigration reform, there will be none.South Carolinians and the South Carolina government must make the best decisions in the interest of the people. At the end of the day the 14th amendment is probably were we find the major controversy over the immigration legislation whether it’s at the state level of federal level.”
Saturday: 300
Sean Penn. All the way. And I am NOT a big Penn fan. Rourke has an outside chance (call it the Polanski effect - no one actually likes the guy, but he makes good movies), and personally, it would be cool to see Frank Langella nab it. He's a class act, and his Nixon is supposed to be outstanding.
And then we stood at the edge of rows of chalets with a fast-flowing river of humanity in between. The chalets, or traditional stalls, were selling Christmas decorations, unique toys, jewelry, hand-knit hats and scarves, and other goods, plus the all-important COFFEE!!, Gluhwein (German mulled wine), beer, Pimm’s (warm and dressed for the holiday), freshly roasted nuts, gingerbread, candy of all kinds, sausages, bratwurst on a roll, crepes…..(now I’m getting hungry).
I'm crying tears of joy, tears of grief, and just tears of love.
TM: (reflexively) "Yeah! It looks good!" (No guttural growl. He stops, and tilts his head sideways.)
I've also been working some on the driveway bed which isn't quite as much fun since it's in the full hot sun. I've been starting a few more greens that will hopefully last through the fall and into winter.
I put a big pot of lovely pears on to stew for our breakfast, in my prettiest big pot, I had turned it right down but the element was still going.
and the past present and future sifted like flour
I have essentially eleven days until I am back at work full-time, at which point my fiction will be back-burnered, at least until I adjust to the new schedule. So I push through the empty space, nearly racing to beat the clock.
5. Do you think finishing TM has changed you in any way?
Let's move on to the shiny, OOOOOOooooooooooo..... shiny...
of earth tones honed
Still to come, Sheamus will face Chris Jericho, and earlier tonight, John Laurinaitis told us he is going to shock the world, and defeat Cena at Over the Limit. This Monday, the two men will have a face to face confrontation.
N6 HD – Features an awesome spinning cube.
I have been known to eat a whole (small) jar of nutella off a spoon.
Have you ever said yes to a party invitation when you really desperately just wanted to veg out on the couch? How much did you enjoy that party? And how much did you add to the party for the host and other guests? My guess is not much on both counts. So it wasn’t a kindness to the other party-goers and it certainly wasn’t a kindness to you. Saying yes to everything and anything is just not healthy.
Huh? But I know: know now what makes me happy and compared to what went before, this is technicolour, that was black and white. This is living: that wasn’t.
Under personal, financial, and political pressure—and perhaps even, at first, believing that a crime occurred—Nifong seized the opportunity to exploit the case. He quickly secured a court order demanding that the players submit DNA samples and new photos. That motion, we now know, was fraudulent:
‘We’re going to use this as a base to operate from, but we’re also waiting for those statements from the women,’ Congressman Peter King told The Washington Post.
Let me know if you've got another link for me to add...
And Shadow Home Sec­retary Dominic Grieve said: “When ministers are talking tough about efforts to control immigration, they need to provide a clear explanation that national policy is not being undermined through the backdoor in Brussels.”
A representative for the Occupy Sundance Film Festival, where the short film in question is slated to be screened Jan. 21 - Jan. 24, stepped up and politely called me on my film-reviewing misdeed. Not only that, but the person provided me with the link to the Occupy Sundance Film Festival website, so I could see the movie I had slammed.
I also noticed my tongs were broken.
Oh... and I almost forgot... I always use a sturdy travel tripod to keep the camera steady.
If a group wants to eliminate the separation of church and state, or wants to destroy science as a basis of public policy, sexuality is the best arena on which to focus. And that’s exactly what’s happening.
Ambition is a poor excuse for not having enough sense to be lazy.
The Justin Bieber video has only 32% likes, however, and the Kony video has 94% likes, but adding comments is disabled on the latter video.
And thus ended my romance with Law on a gloomy note.
Today I went to my moms to do some sewing (we have quite a few projects going on) and we got pretty far and ate at a yummy Amish resturaunt for lunch...so worth the hour drive!!
Nokia Music Manager
Since 2002, the number of four-year-olds enrolled in UPK has increased by over 18,000, with more than 60,000 available seats this year. The City Council and the Bloomberg administration have worked collaboratively with childcare advocates to increase access to pre-kindergarten programs and to ensure their quality over the past six years. However, the majority of funding for UPK comes from state funds, and every year the City is forced to return millions of dollars to the state because UPK seats went unused.
3 Tins: $1 (dollarama)
Of course my partner, my soul mate, keeper of my sanity (what there is left anyway) is my anchor keeping me bound to this side of reality. Without his love and undying support of all aspects of my life I fear I would long ago have been lost to despair and for that I will never be able to thank him enough.
Using a spray adhesive to attach them to the plywood would probably make this a little easier, but I wanted to save some money so I didn't use any glue.
2 cups potatoes, shredded
Filled with Baby Arugula, Spinach, Herb de Provance, Buerre Noirsette
Stevie leans down to Joey.
I love the acting and the storylines and the sheer fucking hotness that is Kristen Bell. I despise the characters and everything they stand for. There is a special place in hell reserved for corporate management consultants. And that's what this show is all about. Having had some, ahem, experience with these mother-fuckers, I can guarantee that is true.
A move by a London council to strip people suffering mental illness of their right to free public transport will leave the most vulnerable “isolated and suicidal”, campaigners warned today.
However, I know the part of the package that we see at the station was shot live when the newscast was airing and 11 o’clock, so I know sometimes something is bound to go wrong or be messed up. Just a few words to the wise videographer: use a tripod when you shoot.
If the value on Stanwich is the land, this prefab on West End Avenue had some value as a house when it was built a few years ago. That’s diminishing quickly. You can’t tell from the picture, taken when the shadows conveniently hid things, but the trim on this place is bubbling with rot. Drive by (in the sunlight) and even from the road you’ll see the place disintegrating before your very eyes. It hasn’t helped that there’s a sewage pumping station on one side, the railroad behind and a swamp pretty much around the whole lot, nor did the inept builder contribute much when he stripped the place of appliances and fixtures, but possibly the real culprit in this fiasco is the short seller in Florida who has put it out to bid, rejected them, put it out again at a higher minimum price and got nothing. Now he’s trying a third time but still holding on to the idea that this is worth $1 million. I think you’d be over-paying at $750 and if it sits through one more winter we’re back to land value which is probably $450. Ugh.
I know today is Thursday but this is Wednesday's outfit.
Take Clear Channel talk WTAM/1100 weekend host Matt Patrick - the former hot AC WKDD/98.1 morning driver and talk WHLO/640 midday host out of Clear Channel's Akron/Canton Freedom Avenue complex in northern Stark County, now appearing out of the company's Cleveland market hub at Oak Tree.
SU! This is meant for water-based products and won't work
Kant said, "Language and religion are the great dividers." Chittum talks about an unstable, tiered society. Aristotle said, "The only stable state is the one in which all men are equal before the law."
It’s likely that the abuser may well be a victim in some other area of their life, but to my mind, that makes them the worst kind of abuser – knowingly inflicting pain that they are familiar with. As much as being abused in one area of your life may seem to balance abusing someone in another area, it doesn’t. It just contributes more pain than there needs to be in the world. Intentionally causing pain has to stop.
And then it happened…
Now available on Amazon.com and Amazon Kindle
We had about 10 minutes before homeroom to get all of the newspapers, so as soon as Cal stopped talking, I was off and running.
Another night of this. How much can my heart take? It’s calling my name. Begging and Pleading for me to come to you. When I arrive, there’s nothing. I ache don’t you see? My lips are quivering. Fright has caused me to bite my lip. May I leave please?
* let each person know they have been tagged by leaving a comment on their blog
You can become Exalted with Stormwind by buying a Stormwind Tabard and wearing it while in any instance, including low level ones. You will get reputation for every mob killed. The mounts are all available from the stables within Stormwind.
#2 – Shin Megami Tensei – Digital Devil Saga (PS2)
It isn’t only mobile phones and a medication belonging to the Samsung such as Motorola Motorola xoom with stuck the eye with the tablets partners along the earth. That lean and classy products features practically lots of the current capabilities located!
Yes, please. And can I eat when we get there?
Not my German-immigrant great-aunt. She was already in her 70s or 80s when Anita Friday moved to the area, and she spent the last part of her life there. In the ever-changing ethnic makeup that is New York, Hollis’s more recent residents “have come from farther-flung places: Haiti, Panama, Jamaica, the Dominican Republic,” says the Times. Ava Winston came only from somewhere else in Queens, but in Hollis, she lives in what has become, post–German great aunt, a famous place:
LIQUID MIXTURE, AND CHILL AND SERVE.
No doubt Buddha laughs at this frail, human, animal attempt to break out of the mask of the self. But it’s all we know.
During every trip I take I’m always on the look out for a cool trinket to bring home with me and remember the trip. Sometimes it’s an elephant to add to my collection or a vintage candlestick holder from a flea market in Florence.
And knowing himself heartless, soulless (not nice)
Starters sell their spring
So, currently wearable I have the Meringue, the Space Dress, Broccoli top, Chilli skirt, trousers (if I hem them properly), the skull dress (if I redo the zip), ladybird corset, and with any luck, the dress I’m going to finish today. I’m quite excited – it looks like it’s actually going to fit – despite the neck facing being a pain….I’m worried the fabric is a little flimsy, so there has been some topstitching at the waist, and I will be going for French seams at the side.
c) The current mass incarceration problem in America would be substantially cut.
The effects...they brought in two brilliant practical effects creature guys, Alec Gillis and Tom Woodruff, Jr., who were Stan Winston acolytes and have done some amazing work (The Terminator, Aliens, Death Becomes Her among so many others. Go look them up on the IMDb, seriously.) Then, the majority of their work was covered in CGI. The ubiquitous They also decided to show way too much of The Thing, probably to distract the viewer from wondering about the inconsistencies.
Dear Lucky Lady I'm sorry it took so long to send you your prize. I'm glad to see you got it and it's already in use. I meant to send you the nectar recipe too but forgot to pack it in the box. Its very simple... 1 part sugar to 4 parts water. No artificial color needed. Thanks for posting the picture and for those who haven't been to Lucky Lady's blog here is the picture of her prize in use.
stale theme,
This website is dedicated to his teachings on aging as a spiritual path.
“Up ahead he noticed a pair of feet east-witching out from under a bush.”
The directions for this are pretty simple. Put the spinach at the bottom of the blender, then add the frozen banana, Almond Breeze, and the ice cubes. The heavier items help to weigh down the spinach.
So I’ve reached that first step of acceptance (it’s been a good many years that I’ve been in this stage) now I need to find the second step. I think doing this in a group might be more helpful. I will admit I’m skeptical about it since my track record has been so abysmal. However, I really have to do something. This is truly a health issue.
The world has been looking rather grey lately. A friend received some scary health news and is having an MRI today.
“For me it actually makes present day a little less hard,” he said. “When my life seems like it makes no sense and is just a pile of crap, well, that’s what everybody’s seems like at some point and the way we hear a story now makes you think that your life would make sense and should be on a progression instead of doubling back on itself all the time, which is what life does.”
as promised (times) before -
I can guarantee this isn't the healthiest dish, but who eats healthy anyway? ;) If you haven't checked out her site do yourself a favor and go check out her delicious recipes. Your stomach will thank you, and so will your husband! Bon A petite!
Sex Offender Registry:
Eddie Condon's band and Bobby Hackett's sextet, featuring Lee Wiley, opened the first Newport Jazz Festival, July 1954. Part of the festival was televised on ABC, and the entire program was recorded for The Library of Congress.
And greater than the poet’s fame
So, don’t be a loner. Be in a great team and learn to share and help.
Alright let me get back to work.....have a great day everyone!
That was it: a great natural talent that needed an editor with a ferocious blue pencil - or at least a dab hand for Track Changes. There wasn't much sign that she'd found one in the second novel, Verdigris Deep. which took us out of the parallel world of Mosca Nye in Fly by Night and into a sort of Diana Wynne Jonesy world of meanacing shopping trolleys and hedges and a spirit trapped deep in a well.
In the evening, from my hotel window, I see another big fireworks display taking place near the river, by the Tower of the Juche Idea.
The rain started last evening, and it has rained steadily all day today. Our rain gauge is broken, so we don't have an accurate measure, but it's been a substantial amount. (A suggestion to all those businesses who hand out calendars at Christmas time..how about rain gauges instead!)
Therefore the fuel load changes the total weight of the car by approximately 25% between Qualifying and the start of the race. This in itself is already a great challenge when it comes to choosing the appropriate setup for the car. On top of this, the amount of downforce generated by current Formula 1 cars will change the load at the wheels by about 300% at the front and about 322% at the rear. For the suspension and the tyres, the car appears to be three times as heavy at high speeds, than it is at low speeds. Combine this 300% increase in vertical load with the very low ground clearance of a Formula 1 car, and you start to see, where the challenge for the race engineers lies. The lower the car can run to the ground, the more downforce it will produce, as long as a minimum clearance is maintained, and the skid block/plank does not get excessively worn.
We showed up for dinner at a little past 7 p.m. on a Thursday night. The parking lot was packed. We actually had to wait for a space. Happily, there were plenty of open seats inside and the hostess was able to grant my request for an “out of the way” spot. (I didn’t want to be totally obvious with the picture taking.)
As a libertarian, you are against:
09 Plug - Keen As Mustard (6:53)
Kriezler feels sure that the killer is not insane. But, he needs to meet the killer and talk with him before deciding if he is insane or not. He believes that something occured in the killers childhood that made him this way. Therefore, Kreizler is driven to find him so that he can make an effort to answer this age old question. Is this killer insane or just evil?
After much singing and my voice running out I thought we needed a distraction. So I grabbed some picture books and had a little look at them. Little "R" pointing to things she knew the names for and saying the word. She also watched where Little "C" put her hands and told her what the thing was that she was pointing to!
12 – 3 p.m. Stone Brewing Company, Sampling in the Beer Department
Update 3/17 AM: Little decisive information as of late morning (central time, US). One of the primary concerns to me is that the fuel rods in the storage pool at reactor 4 included the off-loaded rods from reactor 4 which may not be spent, and may even be quite potent, with nuclear fuel inside that would react significantly (and then emit significant radioactive products into the air) if they could melt down in an empty (empty of water) storage pool -- but many crucial factors are not clear: how potent the rods are, how much water is in the pool, and the central one: how hot would the rods get without water (likely not as hot as fully potent rods more recently used than these). In short, there is a lack of important information. Further, it gets quite technical even if there were more information, and so it's not all that predictable to an engineer from another field, in spite of reading various discussions (so far).
Photo Credits:
After that, this champion of writing, has The Mark of Athena coming out this fall of 2012. And I’m so stoked for it you have no idea.
by Romina Maurino
Maps from:
Yes, he stabs out his own eardrums with a pen, how delightful. He then runs into the spirit of his dead daughter, who tells him that Kilmer’s weakness is hearing his own name, Stanley Harpenden. Really, that’s what his name is? That’s like looking at this picture:
A few weeks ago I asked her what she was reading. Her reply:
but it is my Father who gives you the true bread from heaven.
As obedient children, do not conform to the evil desires you had when you lived in ignorance. But just as he who called you is holy, so be holy in all you do; for it is written: "Be holy, because I am holy."
I unscrewed the lid slowly, hoping not to make eye contact… because I knew I’d be at a disadvantage if I let those jolly jellied candies peer into my soul. With the lid removed, I peeked over the edge directly into the jar… what a mistake!
Inside iphone, you may display only the icons on the app which often consists of back link towards the key application. Within the i phone gadget, you might not be able to down load just about any small application and therefore, can fail to help customise your own mobile. You will find a few energetic icons inside the encouraged screen of the android pushed phones which include Twitter as well as Data Counter. Data counter can retain report for your every single notice with Facebook maybe in Twitter. It really is a stunning truth the competitor of the android- iPhone possesses utilised widgets very first within their gadget although they have got decided to exclude this within their 4th arriving product
So I started out having five Binkies. Now I am lucky if I can find two of them. I hate it when I can’t find something. Especially the Binkies. Katelynn won’t sleep without one so now my mission is to find them.
6. What do you miss most?
I queried again. (Now five months since the commission, delivery and acceptance of the work, and now post-publication, in an anthology they are selling, selling MY WORK... and I bought my own to support... am I feeling VERY silly by now?
Happy Daydreaming,
As one of my friends says to me, even though she has lived here for 10 plus years..."Can you BELIEVE we GET to live here?" Yes, we get to live here! For us, it is Western North Carolina. For you, it may be England or California, or Wales, or Holland...Austria or Australia, New Zealand, Texas somewhere in Asia or Africa, a beautiful island, or hot and blistering desert. Earth. We share the same sky, sun and moon. Oceans and rain, light and darkness, in it's millions of variations... We get to see things like this everyday. Because, no matter where you live, there is some combination of the above. Light. Dark. Wet. Dry. Sun. Moon. Good weather, bad weather. Mountains. Plains, valleys, dips and swells in the land and landscape. We GET to enjoy the seasons and the ever changing weather, AND the beauty in all shapes and sizes that it produces. We GET to see the light, the sunshine: spilling, poking, glowing, dabbling, shining, heating, radiating, lighting up the sky and day and setting it ablaze, into a color palate as it lowers in glorious Golden Hour...GET out there! Enjoy. Consider. Take a few pics!
However, eInk does have its benefits. I’ll admit that I ran out and got the Kobo last December fearing that the technology may actually disappear very soon, as eReader brands transition to LCD-screen tablets. What I love about eInk is that it does not have the glare of an LCD screen at all. I work in front of a computer for 8 hours a day, so I’m happy to pull up a light, 6-inch-screen eReader when I want to read a book in the evening. Because it has no fancy software to run, it also has a really long battery life. It feels closer to reading a book than browsing a website, which is comforting and great for reading books, but terrible for reading newspapers or magazines. Magazines usually have either great pictures or charts, etc, which lose their appealing glossy looks in an eReader. Because of the small size of most e-Readers, you have to read one newspaper article at a time, turn pages a lot and you can’t see what’s around it, the way you would in either a real paper or a newspaper website.
So, I didn’t quite go Blonde or Brunette. I actually am a GINGER! Very Strawberry Blonde with a few sections dipped in deep purple.
Coutu was also the kicker for an SEC Championship team in 2005, and had the stronger leg of the two. He hit a big game-winner at Vanderbilt in 2007 that catapulted the 07′ team into winning the remainder of their games en route to throttling Hawaii in the Sugar Bowl. Coutu also missed the majority of the 2006 season with an injury, a season that saw Georgia lose a number of close games. His career statistics would have been even more impressive if he had played the full season, and his injury showed how important Coutu was to the team (Georgia lost four games, three by 7 points or less).
When Charlie initially came home, we had him wear a t-shirt to cover up his large incision site. He has a 12-inch incision in his side that is held together with staples. The shirt is a light barrier between his incision and anything that it may come into contact with.
Secondly, the devotees who have developed a mentality of genuine service to the Lord and who thus make friendships only with similar devotees, show favor to the neophytes and avoid the atheists are called the second-grade devotees (madhyam-adhikari ).
And I love how you can make me laugh. No one can make me laugh like you do.
The novel tells the story of the run up to London 2012 and poses many what if scenarios: what if a dodgy sports agent was able to get at rival competitors? What if a terrorist cell based in the UK did the unthinkable and penetrated the tight security cordon that rings the Games venues, even as we speak?
although one has nothing
Em A7sus-A5
TALKING ART
I’ve been meaning to blog something on the subject of screened football matches in pubs for some time. As the January transfer window closes and the bizarre economics of football is spread over the newspapers now seems a good time. I follow developments in the saga of pubs and bars that screen foreign satellite TV.
Why shouldn’t we be told humans produce a small fraction of the CO2 that goes into the atmosphere each year, compared with volcanoes, bacteria, animals, rotting vegetation and the oceans?
Please join me in wishing An Austin Homestead a big "good-bye" and i hope you will check out, and hopefully stick around, Pocket Pause for many more of the posts you have enjoyed here and will continue to enjoy there. I'm so proud to have built up such a loyal following. I'm sure I will lose many of you in this transition, but i hope many of you will follow me, Pocket and the husband to our new blogging destination. Hint: i'm working on some "giveaways" as added incentive ;)
A common phrase around our house these days is, “Oh, man, who pooed?” When our kids could only communicate by crying, this question was rhetorical. It was always answered with certainty, however, by a supine child, a hovering parent, a carton of wet wipes, dry heaving, flagrant cursing, and the repeated phrase “that is nasty!”
Next Chapter -- Kinderhotel a.k.a. goddamn heaven.
The sword strapped to her lower back was secured so snugly that it barely moved with her steps. The armor she wore seemed made for the purpose of being silent as well, the mixture of steel, fabrics and leather kept it from creaking, jingling or clanking.
I haven’t blogged in a while because I half thought that if I didn’t think about the challenge or do any running then the injury wasn’t there. Basically, after my last long run the outside of my left foot and ankle became really sore. I couldn’t put weight on it and was limping around the place.
And while I'm at it, just to make sure ya'll are getting your money's worth, here's a review of another Page novel contained in The Robot Titans of Gotham book pictured above, which also contains another Spider novel, Death Reign of the Vampire King.
"You cannot unschool part time: for two hours a day or every Friday or one week out of every month. Unschooling is a whole lifestyle and radically different way of looking at learning and life. It's not something you can just turn on and off!"
Looks like it's between $53 and $58 dollars American, though. It might be a nice souvenir. I asked Hema to order one for me. It looks to be all stuff lifted from online. I give it away anyway.http://www.bookadda.com/product/sandra-dodd-lambert-surhone/p-9786136214177-6136214172That's way too expensive. If I were in India, I would order a C.O.D. copy and bribe the delivery guy to take back a letter from me saying "I'm Sandra Dodd; I'm not dead; I've been in India just lately, and I'm not payin' for this book."
announcing that they, too, could do it.
Apple is one of the largest makers and distributors of personal media players. In 2008, Apple turned in record profits of 9.6 billion dollars. They have become the market leaders in personal media players.
