dependent on anybody." 1 Thessalonians 4: 11 & 12
VERY NERVE WRECKING
Like ordinary life, not dreams, I learned to cook rice in the pot over stove as a teenager. Electric rice pots only entered my life in my early 30’s.
Cycle from Sengkang, Punggol to Pasir Ris
I am excited to get up in the morning and weight, how weird is that?!? Oh and I am worried about making it through classes tomorrow with out peeing my pants... I am SO not used to drinking 3 liters of water a day! Hope I do good tomorrow, I will have to prepare my food and take it with me because I have classes from 10am to 8pm.
5) Nobody counts fouls…Unless you play really dirty, then you get penalized.
With one call you won't tease me.
The Sock Dropper was allegedly holding the ladder, but kept letting go to chain smoke (from the stress, cos being on terra firma is soooooooooo much more stressful that being in mid air with a spiky hedge underneath you).
During that regular interval of ski trips, I fell off a chair lift (at the end though, no cause for alarm), ran into a slow down sign (not even joking), and fell so hard I went flying out my skis at least a half dozen times.
In the train, two of our group – including a very strait-laced West German doctor, share a sleeper carriage with two of the Finnish men who enter and strip off immediately, moving the good doctor’s belongings whenever he isn’t looking in what appears to be a rehearsal for some slapstick routine. Meanwhile, in the other half of the coach, about twelve Finnish women strip off completely in their three 4-berth compartments and leave their doors wide open while they sing loud folk songs very loudly and slightly off-key.
Garghhhh! maybe I've got zombie-itis for halloween.
Despite having bailed on our chosen ingredient, the husband and I are looking forward to seeing what fellow bloggers have done with the vegetable/fruit. If you're looking for some refreshing cocktail ideas to serve at your next summer soiree, please visit The Diva on a Diet at Beach Eats for an upcoming roundup of all entries to this month's Thirsty Thursday Challenge!
3) Your favorite meal at that food truck
Octomore 2.2 Orpheus, 61% abv ($160)
The waves of change are ever constant. There will be a time that everyone on earth goes thru the effects, that is inevitable!
Perhaps part of this sense of ambush is in how lightly these connections are drawn. The rehearsal scenes are leavened by absurd comedy: Simon, for instance, complaining about his part as one of Mengele's experimental subjects: "It's hard being a Jew." They argue, passionately, about the issue of appropriation. There are sudden and confronting gestures towards the audience: David flinging his hand towards us, as if he is addressing a bank of empty seats, claiming that the audience is just coming to watch "freak porn". As the arguments between the performers intensify, his contempt becomes double-edged, and you begin to wonder if the person most interested in "freak porn" is David himself.
Reveal the light of truth.
"Look, we won't be farmed for much longer, as long as no one screws shit up" said one of the girls while pulling on her bangs as she spoke. She then told the DP, Kelly, that she would take my buddy, and grabbed my hand. I allowed it. There was something about the girl I trusted. Later I would find out that her habit of pulling on her bangs was due to an odd obsession with having them be stick straight. The rest of her hair was in perfect brunette corkscrew curls that hung just past her shoulders... but her bangs? Pin straight. Meh. It was the 80's, we all did REALLY stupid things with our hair. Who was I to judge?
Now yes, this kind of vision is harder for us lot to grasp, increasingly distracted by technology and hemmed into small overdevelped spaces as we are. But hey, just take a look outside at all the plants suddenly growing again after the harsh winter cold has battered them, celebrating another year of opportunity to do their thing, and just listen to the birds eager once again to sing out their song to the world.
Well no, I'm not returning to this blog... but because a good number of you still subscribe to it in your reader I thought I'd drop a note and tell you about a new daily project I have going on. Basically it's just photos from my daily life. Chris, Chloe, and BURRITO included. Kind of silly, but it's been really fun to try to come up with sharing my life in a way that looks somewhat interesting. Anyway, if photos are your thing you might enjoy it! Head over to ashleyforrette.tumblr.com to check it out!
The poor are politically weak, not because they don’t vote, but because their
designers are taking a while to meet the challenge but we'll be ready soon!
that anything true is just a second face of lie …………..
155 7. Book Review: Anthony Sampson, The Arms Bazaar: From Lebanon to Lockheed (New York, 1977). Chicago Sun-Times, Show/Book Week, July 24, 1977, p. 7.
What do you think of this theory? What are your "fallow" items?
This is around the border of the quilt. It took me about 6 months to quilt this quilt. I am so glad that it is out of my frame and done. Now I have more projects to get finished.
Stand upright and be strong
Here is my attempt at a submission for Tag #2. No, I did not have the beautiful reindeer die that was called for, but I was pretty pleased with my substitution of three trees from Tim's Movers and Shapers line (phew... I had one of the things at least!)
Walking back home at 21:30, with the rain holding off, we could get a pic of Semur in the evening. No tourists, rather spookily quiet. A very charming little town. Our home for at least two more days.
something that came to me as i was praying today....WHAT A BLESSING!!! THANK YOU GOD!
"Besides the advantage of being armed, which the Americans possess over the people of almost every other nation...notwithstanding the military establishments in the several kingdoms of Europe, which are carried as far as the public resources will bear, the governments are afraid to trust the people with arms." - James Madison, Federalist No. 46, 243-244.
Over the last year or so, I have had the good fortune and opportunity to know and work with Masterchef Peter Neo on a number of occasions, both tasting his great food, and conducting cooking lessons with him.
This is also where we learn-
Happy, Happy Birthday Mommy, I can't seem to stop crying today. We all miss you so dearly.
Do I stay true to “All that makes you…” and delete that “cry” tab and post tomorrow about going to the Van Halen concert last Saturday and why I had to ask a stranger to “Promise you wont steal a kidney, OK?” and get back to “Funny Abbie”
Wright would not disagree that the creeds are extremely valuable, that they contain, for those with eyes to see, the heart of the gospel, but he contends that our own Western Christian cultures have conditioned us from seeing the real story of the gospel within the creeds. Wright would never do away with the creeds – far from it – but he does desire to see them imbued with the meaning they originally carried.
Little did I know that what I thought was a small patch is actually quite a lot of berries and it take up a good bit of the woods. So I asked Mr W. to make me a path so I could get to them and sweet guy that he is and because he loves me, he did just that.
The club has also donated to Habitat Riverside, volunteered for several projects, and held a benefit concert on April 14, 2012 at Back to the Grind café to raise awareness and funds for affordable housing.
When asked why Wisconsin lost so many jobs since his budget took one billion dollars out of the economy and gave it to corporate welfare recipients, Mr Walker had this to say: "I fixed it." He couldn't explain why those job creators didn't use the money to create jobs.
Throw some stripes into the mix and you've got my perfect love triangle.
Wishing everyone (including us) good fortune, properity, good health, and happy times ahead!
I started my crazy charge against the scouts, while the Good guys braced for impact and the reserve ran like hell for their comrades. Gabriel understood my plan early on and started shielding, waiting for the reserves.
A way to let loose? Do you know how I 'let loose'? I write. I fill notebooks, emails, text messages and blog posts with my thoughts. I sit and talk things out with people. I'm a big communicator. After I process a hefty thought through writing, for instance, I think I feel that "high" people refer to that they get from drinking. As nerdy as it sounds, I can walk away after writing something feeling lighter, smarter and much more connected to myself. I never saw drinking or doing drugs as a way to get that feeling.
Building that street team, fan base that helps out or fan club that is pushing your marketing that much further, can be really amazing for your overall gig promotion, social media promotion and marketing. Still, you have to take care of them, not use them and not abuse them. On top of all of that, making them feel a little more special, in return, it will help them stay around and want to work that much harder for you.
It's a worrying time.
I first wore it in the fashion show at our Laura Ingalls Wilder event at the museum. It was around 90 degrees in the picture and I'm also wearing elbow length gloves (and carrying a hand fan.) It was SO HOT in this dress. After the show I got to walk around and add color to the village (no joke!) and people came up to me to get their picture taken with me! Mostly little girls in prairie garb. I felt like Snow White at Disney World.
I originally put this mix together in 2005 to give to some family and friends. Enjoy.
They were very nice – a slightly crunchy outside and softer inside and you could definitely taste the spice and the nuts. They were just as good three days later, too.
I have been very busy with work, my family, and other commitments. I have had an interesting few days. I came to the realization that I am going to miss it being just me and my wife. However I am very happy that we are about to have a son together. I will love my son unconditionally. My wife and I are going to the midwife Wednesday afternoon to get her checked out because my wife has started having braxton hicks contractions. She is still about 4 weeks away to when she can deliver safely with no worries and about 8 weeks away from the due date.
When I moved from being a “staff member” to a “lead pastor / president / CEO” of a large church, I began arising even earlier. I would read, exercise, sip coffee, pray, knock out some big tasks, etc. to be mentally and spiritually prepared for the staff along with all the surprises a day in the life of a pastor inevitably held.
Recently I read an ebook written by Jeff Goins who inspired me to write. Actually what he did was give me permission to put to words what my mind thinks and sees. Wrecked for the Ordinary: A Misfit’s Manifesto, displays the paradigms of people who have gone, seen or heard life in a way that changes them. (If he asked I would have written the above review). Considering the experiences in my life; from career nursing, added foster parenting, then adopting, then moving to rural Wyoming only to be equipped to move to Nigeria for 6 years all with a young family of 6 and wild faith. The return trip back to decadent Northern California, homeschooling briefly, being unemployed, returning to college at 45, and now another foster child. It is no wonder I am training for a marathon. I can’t stop running the distance. Additionally, the Word of God speaks to me and creation testifies moment by moment it seems. I am wrecked! For those who may interpret that word in a negative sense, think again. This walk of faith is almost unbelievable. I can hardly say it. Some moments I can hardly stand it! Joy in trials means so much more when you can laugh in the tears.
Thanks everyone for all of your great gingerbread activities, we're
Red-Head answers. "Do you know Kathleen Ortiz?"
Alrighty, let’s start at the very beginning. A very good place to start… When you read you begin with A-B-C. When you sing you begin with do-re-mi.
You don’t have to be rich to travel. It just takes planning, discipline and budgeting. You need not go far. If time and budget are limited, just set aside maybe a day or two just to unwind and clear your mind. My favourite quote, “Life is a journey, not a destination”.
In other news, Katy and I are totally bummed out about that lost hour this weekend. Well, at least I am, Katy-eh, unless there's a squirrel involved-not so much. Now it's not going to be light at all for my early morning loops around the neighborhood! grr! At least not until we get closer to summer!
His Christian faith was sincere, “but, being Mike, it’s more complicated,” Mandy recalls. “He was, as I am, a Roman Catholic which brings its own multitude of problems for a man of his fragility.”
“The recent Legal Aid, Sentencing and Punishment of Offenders Bill has within it a clause that would appear to allow the government to vastly reduce the right to receive your advice in person, extending the number of offences that may only be dealt with by telephone advice. This is a worry, as this leaves open the possibility of a person being charged without ever having had a solicitor properly consider the strength of the case. Clients will and do say things in a police station for all the wrong reasons, because they are scared, bored or simply want to get out of an environment that is by definition hostile or are told by the police that they will have to wait for a solicitor to attend”
“I told you that I would watch over you,” he replied. “Sometimes I do so without alerting you to my presence. What do you have in your hand?”
The class wasn't project based this time, but technique based using the line of Ranger inks.. distress, pigment, and alcohol. A great review of the uses for the different inks, plus a nifty little ring of tags with each technique, to refer to. So, I took a few shots, yep, actually remembered to: 1) take the camera and... 2) use it.
This conflict is an annual event at the Pond. I have not had a cold in years. I employ protocols into my daily routine to reduce my susceptibility to catching illness from others. Blowfish refuses to. Even Santa Claus tries to help Blowfish by placing things like hand sanitizer or immune boosting supplements in his Christmas stockings. They all pretty much live in the graveyard of his bedside table drawer. He often mocks me for the fight I wage for my health but fails to notice it is the mocking man who falls. Not me.
Not, as it goes, there's anything wrong with that.
Right see you later in the week - I've my Monthly Makes for Feb to share with you, hopefully some hint of spring photos and I might even get the Photo Scavenger Hunt pictures finished too (struggling here this month).
reject the
(Dang Blogger won't let us to a picture......just imagine us all spiffy and stuff :-)
3/31/2012 Philadelphia, PA – Tacony Billards with Edo G
NOTE: This is the fifth in my series of Netflix Challenge posts, in which you the reader challenge me the reviewer to watch the absolute worst pieces of cinematic garbage that Netflix has available to Watch Instantly. Today's film was forced upon me by TimTE01 of Mondo Bizarro. If you would like to learn more about the Netflix Challenge, or better yet, suggest a title yourself (my queue is looking pretty slim!), then just click here.
Car Seat Recycling Day is sponsored by AAA®, Safe Kids Wisconsin, Veolia Environmental Services, Safe Kids Wood County, and Marshfield Fire Department.
Online contests gave a lot of opportunities to my husband and I. We are both internet savvy, we spend almost all the day of our life in front of the computer. Hubby is a certified nerd and a graphic artist, the internet brings a lot of online opportunities for him. He is fond on joining art and design competitions and luckily won several of them.
I honestly don’t know what lies ahead. Part of me wishes I knew; the other part wants the surprise.
Teaching your kid to become a Top Chef
#1: Be aware.
Or at least after sitting quietly for a moment, and concentrating on your breathing until you feel relaxed and calm.
So that's pretty much what has been going on lately.
I received an email, the subject line of which was "Be Well in 2012" and I originally thought the sender was "The Universe." Ominous, once opened it turned out to be from The University of Kansas. Nice, but less profound.
- 1/4 cup diced onion
I’ve always been fascinated by gigantism, and when I told my sister, Joy, that I would like to write a teen novel featuring a giant, she told me the story of Ujang Warlika, a seven foot four inch tall Indonesian Boy. Joy’s husband, a basketball coach, was asked to turn Ujang Warlika into a basketball star like the Chinese giant, Yao Ming who is seven foot six and earning millions as a player for the NBA in America.
In Revelation 1:7 we read of His Second Coming,
1 Tbsp. oil
Reply to Objection #5:
A second Israeli was injured by stones when he drove a little too close to the Palestinian town of Halhul.
"In 1979, he (Meek) and his colleague Bill O'Neil developed the Spiricom device, a set of 13 tone generators spanning the range of the adult male voice. O'Neil was psychically gifted, and he collaborated with his spirit friends while developing the large radio-like apparatus, which gave off a droning buzz that filled the room. When O'Neil spoke in its presence, you could hear his voice getting wrapped up in the buzzing noises of the Spiricom machine. He worked on the machine for months, and then a most amazing thing happened. Another voice began to get wrapped up in the radio sounds too—a voice belonging to someone who was present in the room, but invisible. The voice of a spirit.
2 demonstration
I believe it was during Micky Dolenz' scat-singing routine in "Goin' Down" that I realized my keys weren't in my pocket anymore. I looked around on the ground and couldn't find them. Most folks would've bolted right then, but those tickets set me back at least 15 bucks and I wasn't going to miss one goddamn second of Mike Nesmith-less Monkee magic.
1) 400th Post! No typo there – this is my 400th post! Keep it up, David! This blog has become a very important part of my life. First and foremost, it’s become a great tool to keep myself on track and accountable, but it also provides a therapeutic way to process my feelings, figure out solutions, and track my progress. The fact that it’s become a daily destination for so many people looking for a little inspiration, honesty, laughter, or whatever… well, it astounds me. It’s a great source of pride. Thanks to this blog, I’ve been able to connect with and learn from so many wonderful people all over the planet, and that astounds me too!
Across the room. All of that. Well, actually I need to condense it yet more into just two shelf units (currently three) to make room for my 6-foot work table and some breathing space. One of the units will sit over That Darn Steam Thing, which cuts down on my storage even more but this will work! I hadn’t truly finished organizing those shelves yet anyway.
This is the same method I used originally: with acrylic paints I painted some random, colourful squares in different colours and then, once they had dried a touch, so as not to smear the paint around, I painted over them in white. The result is an abstract with colour peaking through white. In some cases the "white" is actually a super pale hue.
I love this series, it's one of my favorites and I can't wait to read the latest addition!-Kole
Relight Rule No. 2: Only the lonely — are you tempted to try again because you're so lonely or feeling insecure and nobody else is ever going to want you? These are definitely bad reasons to try again. Going back to your ex full of insecurities will only compound your previous problems.
1/3 cup water
Sofia is an amazing seamstress, which must be a family trait because she just so happens to be Tasia the Sewaholic's sister. Sofia and Jen were touring around Europe and were in Scotland for a couple of days and I was super happy to be able to show them around one of my favourite towns--St. Andrews!
And I just have to participate in the Bonus Round for Recycle, Re-Purpose & Re-Invent Challenge as well! Their two-part question is: 1) What’s the strangest thing you have been hoarding for the purpose of using it in your art and 2) how do you plan to use it?
This adorable set is 'Giddy Up' designed by the lovely
194Or how distinguish penitence from love?
Now if I could just get rid of these shin splints.... ;)
Me: "Gah! That was the blue team"
So we installed a gas line and gas logs....
Faraday's law and time varying fields. – definition of electromotive force and motional emf, Contribution of Maxwell and Maxwell equations. Introduction to displacement current and Ampere's circuital law. Poynting Vector and the flow of power
I have said on numerous occasions before, I just do not understand the disrespect shown for the Irishman. Actually I do; those who denigrate Rice’s contribution to the club actually want to abuse Wenger but knowing that they will be derided themselves, they turn their attentions to an easier target. Often it is held up that Ferguson’s sustained success is due to frequently changing his right-hand man; it’s an urban legend. Ferguson routinely loses his Assistants due to their own managerial ambitions; I cannot think off-hand of any whom he has released from their contracts.
Hugs x a million,
The following morning, St Peter called upon the Blonde and asked if she had considered the questions, to which she replied, 'I have.'
Tania is the designer behind 'TDesign' and from her Sydney studio she creates beautiful jewelrey in a lovely palette of delicious colours - chic neutrals, fun brights or soft pastels! Each piece is lovingly handmade by Tania and has a feeling of calm that can be dressed up or down - subtle elegance, very urban!
I spent a half hour pumping up the tires to 15 lbs. front and 8 lbs. rear, and I need to lube the frame at 5 points next weekend. The battery is strong, but the tires do lose pressure during the winter. This is my 2nd season with Deere John and I cannot stress how much it has changed our weekends. I used to spend 4+ hours with a walk-behind mower, and now I get a nice ride! I have 37 hours of "seat time" and when I get to 50 I have to do some more maintenance. I keep the oil changed by my manual, and air filter too. I think Deere John needs a nice Mother's wax job this spring! It needs to be shiney!
These are a part of the topical treatment to get rid of acne. Cleansing creams, and lotions containing benzoyl peroxide can prove to be effective in dealing with pimples. An acne scar removal cream needs to be used 2 times a day, directly on the affected area. Soaps or washes having this is also a good option. The amount of benzoyl peroxide should be 2 to 10% and not more than that in acne skin care products. Other antibacterials which can be used are chiorhexidine gluconate and triclosan. You can even try changing your soap, which might just be the culprit for the outbreak of pimples.
14. Stolen Moments (10:10)
Into the little room of mortal life.
I saw them depart with cheerfulness, freely risking their lives.
Then again, I know people diagnosed after me who went with the "control the disease" approach that are no longer with us, either.
1-4 Orbitron Attack
My elder daughter sick.
On Sunday night many organisations employing foreign staff, including the United Nations, ordered their staff into a “lockdown”, banning all movements around Kabul and requiring people to remain in their compounds.
Alec Baldwin’s Monologue
As well as trying the coffee, I was obviously keen to meet the Juliette Binoche-lookalike who must surely be running the joint. A chocolatier who brings such fine frogs to Wagga Wagga is clearly a woman of untrammelled ambition.
Just Right Farm in Plympton, MA is looking for part time farm help (approx. 20-30 hrs. per week) for the 2012 season. This is the first year of our farm-to-table restaurant.
Game Commentary (ゲーム実況)
Luke 6:28 Bless them that curse you, and pray for them which despitefully use you.
during the second half (last week) i focused on travel, and how we go places.
Lots of love Suzie xxx
Tammy:sure ,go to Mall Road ,there is a stall of flowers in the chowk.by the way why you need roses for ?
I was pretty shocked that 1. It was over and 2. That she was a girl. At that ultrasound I had at 15 weeks, I had thought I had seen boy parts but didn't ask the tech to verify. Apparently not!
The preliminary Irish census results for April 2011 which were released during the week focussed attention on greater than expected overall population growth – the actual population is 100,000 up on estimates of population just 12 months before and the expectation was that growth would be flat as natural increases were expected to have been offset by emigration. But the focus on here is generally housing and the most interesting factoid to emerge was that Irish households have shrunk in size from 2.82 per household in 2006 to 2.68 in 2011. Now on the face of it, that is a tiny change but it has a major impact on housing. In fact between 2006 and 2011, we needed an extra 85,627 dwellings to accommodate the reality of smaller household sizes; yes, a tiny 0.14 change in household size equates to 85,627 dwellings in just five years, or just over 17,000 per annum. This entry examines why our households are shrinking.
enter and behold
I would like to express my deep appreciation for all of your heartwarming comments for the people in Japan who were affected by the earthquake and Tsunami. I wish I could go help the people in the Northeast area of Mainland Japan. I feel helpless. If you are thinking about donating money for Japan, International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Society is one avenue for you to help Japan. Thank you if you have already donated money.
But when Rosa is our sued by a murderous huntsman and then captured by dwarves, her beliefs go up in smoke. Determined to escape and save her kingdom from imminent invasion, she agrees to become the subject of one of her stepmother's risky incantations—thus falling in a deep, deep sleep.
Folded the blanket well, tucking it carefully over head and carefully
"Vote soon - I can hardly watch"
it doesn’t mean he
- Welcome Baby (A La Carte)
I let go what no longer works for me or adds to my soul.
Not a bad start at all! :-)
If you bother to thumb through you'll find one or two gems. For the most part, the information on display bores me to tears but I have found one or two things worth discussing. Firstly, the "sympathetic allies". No surprises that the Scottish Greens and Friends Of The Earth are listed in there.
How bone weary you are and lethargic. This time is usually one of the few times that can make me forget my to-do list and the stack of bills on the counter. Oh, and the Redbox video that I had for about two weeks and never got around to returning.
I, however, have had none of this experience. Before college, I had a single relationship that was compromised of two weeks and two kisses. I didn't know how to act in a relationship--how was I supposed to know what to do, what to say to this person who was suddenly my boyfriend? My two weeks with A. was the closest thing I ever had to a relationship during high school. It was weird and awkward and I broke it off because I didn't know if I even liked him very much. It had no similarities to the relationships all of my friends seemed to have. Throughout high school, I was under the impression that I was completely repulsive to guys and, regardless of my daydreams, would never be the object of a boy's affection.
Stop Burning Wood Pellets
at Otten Bros. Nursery
If you want to join in the fun? Post your own question on your blog and leave your link at the Aloha Friday post at An Island Life. Then you can visit the other participants if you wish...It’s a great way to make new bloggy friends or see what people are thinking about this week and join in a conversation or two if you like.
Now Arsenal were looking a bit lost. Chamakh made a rare appearance, and Szczesny went up for a corner, but Arsenal’s efforts to get back into the game were meek and the score remained 2-1. It helped QPR that their midfield and defence had avoided yellow cards to this point, as Arsenal’s late efforts to get an equaliser were halted by some crude tackles by Ferdinand, Barton and Diakité.
I think spring got it all wrong this year.
The film avoids many Hollywood cliches, notably a big confession, hinted at for some time and then delivered to surprising understatement. The arguments ring true, and hit hard. There is no pulling of punches between characters, no trite reunions, no false notes. This is hard, beautifully played drama, and I was drawn along with all the characters. It’s plain to see that however much we’re not meant to like Hud, we would struggle to like him less than he himself does. The question remains, which way will the boy go? He idolises Hud, and Homer can clearly see the dangers, but he can’t just warn him off Hud, so has to hope that sense will prevail. While waiting to find out if the Mexican cattle have infected his herd, he must also wonder whether Hud has infected his grandson against the real values of life. The boy’s part must have been hard to play. He’s so innocent and ordered around by everyone, it would have been easy for his character to come across a real wet blanket, but Brandon De Wilde (who played the young boy in Shane, and died horribly young, less than ten years later, in a car accident) expertly gets enough out of the character that we see emergence of the man behind the boy at just the right points. It’s fascinating stuff, but in lesser hands, it would be either underwhelming or overplayed. He, and all the quartet, play it perfectly. This film’s fantastic all ways up, and recommended to all.
“ The Good Braider is a masterful triumph of character and story. Terry Farish’s Viola – strong, frank, tenderly wistful, and brave – is so expressive and endearing, that you will never encounter a refugee from anywhere without remembering Viola and her family. This is a novel of deep understanding and unforgettable empathy.” – Naomi Shihab Nye
spears & 2 tbsp of Light Ranch Dressing. Other options not in
I know I dissed Seche Vite earlier this month. I just couldn't get it to work. Or rather, I couldn't get it to make my manicures more durable. I asked for advice and I got some; don't paint it on, flood the nail!
Tim works long hours so during the week it really is just me. If I want the hedge trimmed or jam made then I need to get on with it. We work together at the weekends but there is a limit to what that time and weather allows us to do together. If you knew all that I did you'd be horrified. I made a list once and frightened myself. This isn't a moan; I love what I do and get a huge sense of achievement from it. I realise that my work load has been derived from the choices we've made in terms of having many and varied passions and ethics. I've evolved in to an extremely practical person. I was never going to be the sort of person who sat watching day time tv drinking coffee.
Jack White's first solo release Blunderbuss was officially released at the end of April 2012. The album taps into Jack’s roots absorbing many Country, Folk and Blues influences, but the album began organically during one of the many recording sessions at Whites own studio in Nashville. The album unlike previous albums was written from scratch when Jack was planning to recording RZA from Wu Tang Clan, RZA couldn’t make the sessions and there was a band in the studio, so Jack took the opportunity to record several tracks in last few months of 2011. Jack White had this to say of Blunderbuss when speaking to Rolling Stone magazine
Titus also decided that he would get ALL FOUR of his top teeth in at once last week. :) I really didn't have any idea he was teething this time around until I looked in his mouth. There was definition where each tooth was about to come down! And, sure enough, they all decided to pop through. I was pretty proud of how he acted. He was rarely upset! I did give him Tylenol every once in a while to keep his spirits up. :) I'm a bit afraid of this little boy with 6 teeth!!! He's such an overachiever.
And this went on for more then 3 years.
Political experts are all agreed that the Liberal Democrats’ electoral tactics to present themselves as being several bananas short of a fruit salad will mean the party may now struggle to gain credence with the more sensible parts of the electorate:
During the second week of May, all the correct entries will be collated and two randomly chosen. The first correct entry drawn will win first prize, and the second entry the second prize. Entries will be accepted until 05/05/2012 0005h GMT.
The upshot of all this is that, not being able to play vinyl in class, and refusing to pay for music I already own - and having to work with a music library that's done a good job purchasing stuff I need for class but still has its gaps - I've had to resort to so-called "illegal" downloading on a regular basis. Not that I think anything I've done should actually be considered illegal, but that's a topic for another post. And not that having downloaded a bunch of music for free is anything that deserves congratulations - in this day and age it's a given. What I find ironic is that I was pretty much forced into the situation of doing so by the horrendously inadequate technical facilities provided in the classrooms where I taught.
Eskimo Proverb
“You weren’t reporting news,” says the producer, who spoke on the condition of anonymity. “You were reporting a political agenda that came down to you from the top of the food chain.”
The kids, drinking their green smoothies while Dad reads the Bible verse for today and shows off the felt palm branches. (ps, are you as distracted as I am by the crazy mop on my kid's head? it refuses to be styled.)
Noren L, Östgaard S, Nielsen TF, Östgaard HC. Reduction of sick leaves for lumbar back and posterior pelvic pain in pregnancy. Spine 1997; 22: 2157-2160.
At the end of the video clip when the Christian challenged his interpretation of John 10 and 14 Naik claimed that he is open for correction since he is human and can be mistaken. He then challenged the Christian to prove him wrong with evidence from the Holy Bible. Hopefully, now that we have exposed his blatant distortion of these specific Biblical passages with clear-cut evidence from both the Holy Scriptures and his own religious sources, he will do what he says and acknowledge his errors. Naik needs to publicly rectify his gross perversion of what the Holy Bible actually teaches so as to not mislead or deceive Muslims into thinking that he has correctly exegeted God’s inspired Word and that he is an authority on comparative religions. Naik is neither a scholar nor a serious student of this field of study, and is unqualified to speak on these matters.
“When you realize you are no longer able to flee the scene, you're just always amped up for the fight,” Mikael Hardy said. “And dogs don't distinguish between a cat, a squirrel and a 2-year-old toddler.”
I can't wait for this kid to get a bit older and give the brat that is Suri Cruise a run for her money in the fashion stakes.
No matter how engaging our examples, I have learned that our students will not remember most of what we teach them. They will forget the vocabulary. They will forget the structures. They will forget the majority of the content.
Just signed up for the True Blood FangAThon starting May 11, 2012. I’ve never written a blog before as I am not well versed in grammar…but I love talking about the happenings in the deep south! The Viking Sex God himself Eric, the southern gentleman Bill, the Doesn’t give herself enough credit telepathic barmaid Sookie, and all the others of BonTemps and Shreveport and the surrounding areas! I love the tv show and am in the middle of reading the books. Got started on them late and catching up!
they had in here but it needed a fresh coat
I know no other way to fight back than to confront my own feelings and biases and write about them. I know that I can do better. I only hope that we can do better together.
Celebrate your good health!
Months later this this customer stumbled into our restaurant after hours, saddled up to the bar and couldn't even see straight. Instead of wasting our time explaining to her why her business was no longer welcomed at our bar, we just offered to call her a cab.
New et al. (in press) develop a stochastic, mechanistic predator-prey model for the dynamics of hen harriers and red grouse, fit it to long-term time series data using state space methods, and use the fitted model to evaluate alternative management strategies for predator suppression. Red grouse is a popular game species in the UK, but you can’t hunt grouse that hen harriers have killed. It’s illegal to cull harriers, leading to the idea of “diversionary feeding”–give the harriers alternative food so they stop hunting grouse. Which sounds like a good idea until you realize that (i) it’s expensive, and (ii) in the long run, you might just build up higher harrier abundances, which would lead to even heavier predation on grouse than would otherwise occur (a specific example of the general principle of apparent competition; Holt 1977). The results show that harriers do suppress both average grouse density and grouse cycle amplitude (red grouse are a famous example of cyclic dynamics, driven by density-dependent parasitism). That’s a really cool result in and of itself. There aren’t many good examples of “community context” mediating the stability of population cycles. The results also show that diversionary feeding, as currently practiced, makes only a marginal difference at best.
Listening to today: Prayer of the Refugee by Rise Against
He jumped out of the bed, pulled on this track-suit bottoms and ran to check the other bedrooms. All empty.
Tweet about it and include a link in the comments here for another chance.
More creatively than that though, I’m counting on a high-frequency minority catalysing a quantum jump throughout the rest; a jump out of the swamp of obsolete thought and action into a future more amazing than anything yet experienced.
And then I quit doing anything which involved my brain for the rest of the day. Except sex things, because sex.
I didn't, but I explained I was a journalist for The Independent looking to speak to a man at an address in the area, who was standing as a candidate in the local elections, about allegations of postal vote fraud. "Can we see your note pad," the boy asked.
4. Favorite non-alcoholic drink? Honey green tea with aloe.
6. If you do land a legacy deal, you likely won't ever get your rights back.
She retweets news stories she finds interesting and says, “If you put stuff out there, it generates a conversation with other people . . . you’re putting out information that they’re interested in, too.”
Spare a thought
This is my take on a card that's in the latest Stampin' Up catalogue that I made for my friend Carrie to give to her mum and dad for reaching this wonderful milestone...
Your mouth of hasty letters would not relent.
This is your chance to prepare your next visit to France and enjoy what is second best to it: this year’s London France Show!
The Lion Brewery, one of the oldest breweries in Pennsylvania, has undergone a $15 million expansion and now has a new can production line and an automated racking system, which cleans and fills half-kegs of beer.
Bay leaf - 1 no
UPCOMING SHOWCASE CALENDAR
I noticed too few other cyclists out there but I saw more motorcycles on the road that day than I've ever seen before. Many in packs of a dozen or more looking like they were really enjoying themselves.
Wappingers Falls, NY 12590
The one thing that seems likely at all 4 networks is we are in a comedy boom and I assume every network will expand in that area, as A) they are working the best right now B) the upside on when they work is huge – great repeatability, syndication, etc. I wouldn’t be shocked to see FOX and NBC add many extra comedies, maybe even airing new comedies in blocks. Before you say that won’t work, remember that almost 3 years ago, ABC introduced an entire new Wednesday night and 2 of those comedies are now the anchors of said night. Comedies that are well executed, fresh and have relatablity would seem to have more of a chance to break out now than any other genre.
The thing is, those random little errands I could run during the day back when I was a collegiate now have to be taken care of when I'm not on the clock. Plus I have the added pitfall that my sorority is no longer creating my social calendar for me. My world as of late is filled with small, random happenings that pop up in my spastic conquest to cram too much into a 24-hour period. This means I don't have any exciting stories to tell you about ditching rock stars or cats flying out of moving vehicles. However, I do feel the need to document my visit to the DMV and instructions on how to lock yourself into your own apartment. And still some of you (namely, my parents) continue reading my random rants. Thank you.
Furniture & Home Furnishing Stores
He confided to me that the second variety was (a) superior in the physical elation it produced and (b) more conducive to emotional well-being in the aftermath.
But now the only thing that gives relationships their feet
I am the only person I know who followed Letterman before he did late night television. I remember him when he was just a stand-up comic doing guest spots on The Tonight Show and other programs. I recall him winning a televised national contest of stand-ups somewhere around ’78 or ’79. And I was an avid follower — apparently one of the only audience members — for his first nationally televised program, The David Letterman Show, a morning program that ran from June through October, 1980. It was the most insane, misguided bit of tv scheduling, I believe, in the history of television. Mid-morning (10am or so) is sort of little-old-lady tv time. Who else would watch television at that hour? I remember it being the slot where in those days you would normally find things like Phil Donahue, Dinah Shore and game shows. Letterman’s show was satirical — a sort of parody of what you might find at that hour. The only precedent I can think of for something that subversive on daytime tv was Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman. This ballsy, satirical approach filled a void at the time…it seems a legacy of what SNL had done just a few years before but had recently stopped doing, with the replacement of their entire cast and writing staff at just around the same time. (Later, Letterman even inherited SNL’s Paul Shaffer). Regulars on the show included Rich Hall, Valri Bromfield (both of whom later went on to SNL),Edie McClurg, Will Shriner, etc. For a few weeks his regular musical guest was Loudon Wainwright III. Letterman’s biting sensibility was mixed with his own experience as a local broadcaster in his native Indiana in the early 70s, where he had been a weatherman, helmed a late night movie show, and done a children’s program. He and his cast played constantly with Americana and audience expectations about what would happen on television. What was radical for its time was the fact that they did so with a freedom that one associates with the early days of television. (I think it is for that reason a lot of people assumed Letterman was influenced by Ernie Kovacs, although he apparently insists he wasn’t. He usually cites Steve Allen, who was also regularly on his show. I also see a lot Bob & Ray in there…that dry, straight, deadpan, and the relentless parody of the broadcast medium itself.)
They are blue and white seersucker with a 5 inch inseam. The fit is tts. (These are my normal size 4) They also came in yellow/white, as well as, a pink/white combo with embroidered dragonflies. They are $49.50 and my store was running a 25% off shorts promo.
It was time for an update, yeah?
And the whole “oodles and oodles of time” concept….well, I haven’t seen “oodles” since I was about four. And even then, there were play dates with my sister and Sesame Street watching parties and a great new Dr. Seuss to catch up on. You know, I was busy.
by AKAL SIDAKH..(a student of komal library)
“YOUR BLOODARU?” he screamed.
C-GA Grover Cleveland Alexander
along until it meets one of these figures, Stavro, whom Adrien and a companion have joined on a trip to a nearby country fair where they’ll try to profit by selling watered down citric acid as lemonade. Stavro, confronted by the two boys after displaying some amorous intentions in a hayloft one night, offers as explanation the story of his life, a history riveting in its brutality, joy,
The clock and "A Family Story" text pieces are Heritage Scrapbooking Dazzles from Paper Wishes.
Our calling as disciples is to be conformed to His Image in such an intimate and complete manner that He can Live through us right now here in this world to bring forth the Father’s Kingdom of Love. For it is the Father’s intent that Jesus be the firstborn of many brethren (Rom. 8:29) so that as His Body Here on earth we can continue His Ministry to the world until He comes again!
I learned later that these kinds of architectural details are fairly uncommon but not an unknown phenomena in Ayahuasca visions. I did not find them disturbing or upsetting, but curious and worth thinking about and worth just feeling them directly as they occurred. I was, however, hoping this would develop on into something more interesting and dramatic.
Thankfully, he was a good enough skater that he didn't fall. It doesn't seem very fast to most of us, but being pulled five miles an hour behind a car on a skateboard is pretty damn fast. And he did it. He said it was a lot harder than movies make it look (um, duh?). My ex, who was over 6 feet tall and had no coordination whatsoever, said he wanted to try it. In my mind I was thinking, "Yeah, okay, I know this won't work." But I just shook my head and said, "Fine, but I'm driving." The deal was, he would hit the car if he wanted to go faster, and scream if he wanted us to stop (the windows were rolled down). Have you ever seen that movie with John Candy and Dan Akroyd, when they take their families camping, and John Candy wants to teach his son to water ski, but it fails when he's the one getting pulled suddenly behind the boat? It was similar to this.
Whitfield is charged in a conspiracy involving about four kilograms of methamphetamine, as well as substantive drug possession charges involving marijuana, cocaine and methamphetamine. Whitfield is also named as the recipient of six bribes. If he is convicted, Whitfield faces a mandatory minimum prison term of 10 years and a maximum sentence of life in prison.
I'm also enamoured by the Saint Angel triple cream brie, whipped until light and fluffy. We take our time to enjoy the brie on crunchy shards of artisan crackers, sweetened with green apple straws and nuggets of chopped mustard fruits.
He’d gotten his act together after having five kids and moved to Florida, had his own business as a tree surgeon. Nearly ten years after the murder from more than a thousand miles away, Jamie was charged with a crime he didn’t commit. It didn’t matter that he’d passed a polygraph exam.
There was certainly a fair share of the usual suspects for a festival dedicated to chocolate treats, ranging from large cookies, to immaculately designed cupcakes of all sizes, ice cream, multi-flavored fudge, covered apples, doused marshmallows and many more of what you’d expect to find.
Picture Mode : Natural
Father: Well, let's take our home for example. I am the wage earner, so let's call me “Tony Blair.” Your mother is the administrator of money, so we'll call her “Gordon Brown.” We take care of your needs, so we'll call you “the People.” We'll call the maid “the Working Class,” and your baby brother we can call “the Future.” Do you understand, son?
Beauty and The Best Of The Rest I know I already mentioned this blog since she was the one to nominate me, but since she is so versatile and writes such fab posts that I have to nominate her as well. Check her blog out!
If the Higgs boson is found, then which of at least 6 possible contenders would get a Nobel Prize for it? http://natpo.st/vrwoIn
Foreign Secretary William Hague said “tireless efforts” had been carried out in an attempt to secure Mr Dale’s release, and that the British government “has worked closely with the Red Cross throughout”.
I had a jumbo watercolor paper pad. The kids were creative and enjoyed creating their own masterpieces with watercolors.
In my quest to replicate the dish, I looked at several recipes for pork ragu–some required that I roast a whole pork shoulder before adding it to sauce while others were much simpler, requiring nothing more than sauteeing carrots and onions and one round of browning the meat in the braising pan before adding stock and tomatoes to cover.
“,” – Help, I’m falling into a coma.
Be careful little lips what you say
As a young father with a newborn, I was served papers by the county of Santa Barbara to officially notify me that I must “provide” for my child. I was served those papers, of course, while I was rocking him in my arms, cleaning up the house I shared with my girlfriend. The cop stood there, scolding me that I should be out getting a job. At twenty-one, I said nothing back to him, afraid of his power and authority.
is fast approaching. After mourning and contemplating for the death of Jesus until Saturday, it’s time to look forward to His coming by celebrating Easter with a Holy Mass and fun ideas.
William teases Jane about the accident, comparing what he did to the poems of T.S. Eliot. This gets on her nerves.
Your dreams. Setting a goal and working hard to achieve it creates happy and successful people. Whether it’s saving for a home, a trip around the world or buying a boat, setting and accomplishing your dreams is only possible when one is determined with their savings.
You will get many suitors,
And finally here’s this weekend’s plot harvest:
BE KEPT BLAMELESS AT THE COMING
OMAHA, Neb. (AP) -- The young father stood in line at the Kmart layaway counter, wearing dirty clothes and worn-out boots. With him were three small children.
Seeing Jack, Angelina landed and began waddling around on the floor with her wings spread out in victory. “Lover boy is mine,” it said possessively. This allowed Jack to walk over and permit the bird to jump to his left shoulder.“Send the hussy away lover boy,” the bird said while giving Jack playful nips on the head with her beak.
Oh – I also read this morning that the the second gun Raylan had, was the gun that killed Gary (that Raylan had hidden). When he said to Quarles, “you can keep that one”, that was what he was referring to. So I guess that ties that up. The writers also seemed to have covered the link with Boyd, as Boyd (with exposition dialogue) described whilst being arrested. However would Arlo taking the wrap still give a suggestion that Raylan is dodgy, even though we the audience know he isn’t?
Saturday: We spent the morning at home, and then the afternoon watching our league soccer team thrash the opposition in the afternoon. I hate watching soccer but I love going because a) Nick loves watching his team play, b) the kids love it, too, and c) I get to read virtually uninterrupted for nearly 2 hours!!
I NEED this truck!
4. Tell the Truth: We’ve all heard of Pinnochio, and we all know what happened when he told lies. What we didn’t know as children, however, is that our nose doesn’t grow if we lie, our reputation shrinks. One lie turns into another when you need to cover up your tracks. Then you lie when your lies are discovered. All those lies catch up with a person at some point. I won’t deny that I went through a period in my life where my life was lies. I used lying as a coping mechanism. I was wrong. Since leaving that (part of my) life, I’ve been honest. I’m honest with myself, I’m honest with my loved ones, and I’m honest at work. I make mistakes and I’ll admit them. I’d rather admit my mistakes up front than have to admit a string of lies later on down the road! And you know what? I’m a happier person, even when I have to admit I am wrong.
but I am happy that she is now at peace
“This is not a setback, we will be here until the rally ends peacefully,” he told theSun.
***UPDATE 20/12/10***
And we were there, too. We defy classification.
Step 1: In a large glass bowl, pour in the water. Dissolve the honey in the water. Add in the yeast, and let that dissolve as well. Gradually stir in the flour, and then cover the bowl with a clean dish cloth. The mixture will begin to bubble almost immediately.
There is a real beauty in relying on the Lord-its breathtaking. How perfect God is in every aspect is what drives my faith even more. While my outer world seemed shaken, my inner peace took over and I knew I could do what was required of me. This doesn't mean that I have done it completely-this isn't something that occurs over night. But I know I can do this and God does too. I am a currant bush right now-and I am being pruned down to the very core. But its okay-because God knows what He is doing. He is the master of this garden.
Well, Camping’s May 21, 2011 at 6pm “save the date” proved wrong (a second time for his prediction), but I was surprised to see that he quoted the Matthew 24 verse in defense of his prediction. Camping claimed that when Jesus said that no one knew, not the angels nor the son, that Jesus was not referring to the Son of God because “in the original Greek, the word “Son” was not capitalized.” In the original Greek, they wrote in all capitals, but most striking was the total neglect of the following phrase, “but only the Father knows.” Since the Son and the Father are not the same person, this statement alone excludes the Son and the Spirit.
Remember to click on the images to make them larger.
Accessories: Paper Snips, Dimensionals and Xmas Red Stickles
And these, these are the tunes I hear coming from the pipe of that colourful-coated traveller there in my painting. The tune he plays is in the key of hedgerow and yearning, it is the colour of love and oak leaves, and its words are older and more familiar than the cries we ourselves made as babies.
The rest of the evening was fine, but Sam didn't sleep well and cried a lot through the night.
Lugar is a decent man who has in the past been more reliable than not on a number of important conservative issues. Arlen Specter he is not. But we can do better. Mr. Mourdock strikes us, for instance, as a man who would not cast votes, as Lugar did, to confirm Elena Kagan and Sonia Sotomayor to the Supreme Court. Nor would he co-sponsor the DREAM Act, support the auto bailouts, or oppose the Vitter amendment to limit taxpayer-funded abortion, as Lugar did and does.
I had a second meeting with my mentor Maggie Gee, on 22nd March, in London. I know where I am going with the rewrite now, and value her input and thoughts immensely. Those who know me well know I was trying to finish this piece of work for my father- who was brought up in the town in which it is set - to see it published. He has been a great supporter through thick and thin. A gentle, but tough individual now aged 94. Sadly, his toughness is escaping him. He has been diagnosed with short term memory loss, which is unlikely to get better and is causing him and us, great distress. He also has what might be an unforgiving medical condition.
Just consider the example of seat belts. In the 80′s it was the individual’s choice and advertisements pushed the idea of how good the belts were. Next was the anticipation of requirement followed by the driver being required to wear a belt at all times. About this time, the airbag was deployed to the enrichment of another company and the detriment of many small individuals. Then the belts were mandatory for both in the front seat, and now mandatory for everyone. I have lived this with everyone else – excepting police officers, and offer it as a real life narrative of how siblinginbox is entirely prophetic in description.
The cattle are lowing
“I brought you this,” I said handing it to him over the table.
Whoa! I have just spotted the first flakes, coming in earlier than anticipated!!!
I love to paint. I'm terrible at it really but I just love it. I'm a lot like Amelia actually in that I couldn't draw to save my life but I paint all the time. I also love video games, which is very nerdy of me :) My marriage is anti-stereotypical since my husband doesn't play video games at all and I'm a huge gamer. I also love to play music. Back when I had a piano I'd play all the time (apartments don't fit pianos very well) but now I mostly play guitar and flute because they're small and portable, though if you brought me a drum set I wouldn't be mad about it!
I will not doubt, though all my ships at sea
Listen, it’s quite simple. You take an ordinary bitch out the hood, or out of normality and you show her a new world, you upgrade her, you introduce her to a brand new life and you make it OK for her to have those luxuries on your dime; please know that ring you put on a finger cost HALF of everything your ass owns.
Patty wanted me to come to her house for lunch and upon arriving our first order of business was a nice cool glass of Chardonnay....first order of relaxing that is! Oh, did I mention Patty has a beautiful house on the lake with gorgeous view? You'll see that in a minute...right now let me tell you about the delicious lunch she had prepared...Chilled Blueberry Soup that could have been a dessert...so cool and refreshing...and my favorite, Curried Chicken Salad and croissants! It was all so delicious!! After the Chardonnay and that delicious lunch I was prepared for a nap, but no....Patty said, "Let do a peppermint foot soak!!" Sounds good to me...first I'm relaxed with the wine...got a full tummy from lunch... and now we're going to soak our feet in a something that smelled so good I wanted to drink it!!! I will definitely be purchasing some of Dr. Teal's Peppermint Foot Soak tomorrow! This stuff smells sooo good and makes your feet feel wonderful! So, here we were, sitting on her screened porch, soaking our feet, overlooking her gorgeous pool and lake view and then...here she comes with one more thing for relaxing...like I'm not already on the verge of snoring....an Apricot Brandy Slush....sssslllllluuurrrrppp! So delish, I wanted to just gulp that thing down but knew better! You have got to make up a batch of these to keep in your freezer. The perfect frozen drink for a hot summer day, especially here in South Carolina where it topped 100 today! I'll share the recipe at the end of this post, but I just have to say my day was perfect. Just what the doctor ordered...I was totally relaxed enjoying the time I got to spend with my special friend, catching up on our families, our lives, and just girl talk! You know Patty and I can go for months without seeing one another and we live really close. We'll shoot each other an email here and there...maybe a quick phone call...but we are always connected in our hearts. We were trying to figure out when we saw each other last and figured out .it was when we exchanged our Christmas presents sometime in January! We had sooo much to catch up on, it was nice relaxing on her porch, soaking my feet, sipping an Apricot Brandy Slushy, chatting with my dear, dear friend.....thank you Patty, it was a perfect day! xxoo
Michael Patrick.
Pattern Paper- Maja Design
But then the sun’s gonna shine through the shadows when I go away
So I run with purpose in every step. I am not just shadowboxing.
Every spring, my mom and I had a standing joke between us. When she'd see me paint a new wall, she'd always say, "Oh, spring cleaning again?" Which REALLY meant, she knew I'd rather wash cobwebs away with a new paint colour rather than slide a rag all over my walls. :)
“Does anyone have any questions?”
We did not want Ethan overshadowing the romance between Ashur and Kyra, at least not yet. We kept him mysterious. There is a hint of depth to him, thought it wasn’t explored in Dawn of Angels. Wait for the next book to uncover more of Ethan’s back-story. He’s an interesting character in his own right, but we don’t want to give away too much.
For the halter strap, I measured Lily to make sure it would be long enough, and cut 14". After folding in one end and sewing the strap shut along the open edge, make your button hole. I made 2 button holes so the outfit could grow with her a bit. This is up to you. If making button holes scares you, don't worry! You can use velcro if you want. But don't be scared! If your machine is capable of making button holes, take your manual and a scrap piece of fabric and practice, they are really pretty easy. :)
Roy: How come?
ZOO BREW
Once the game starts, the planet is doomed.
It’s 1912, and the Darlingtons of Wentworth Hall have more than just the extensive grounds to maintain. As one of Britain’s most elite families, they need to keep up appearances that things are as they have always been… even as their carefully constructed façade rapidly comes undone.
The first broad bean plants are ready to go in at the allotment- they've been moved to the shelving just outside the greenhouse, along with some onions and shallots that have been started off in cells. We planted about 15 rows of onions at the allotment in the Autumn and they've overwintered down there. These will fill in any gaps that there are, and maybe make another row. I also picked up some onion sets in Home Bargains last week which J will put into cells this week.
she does amazing things with old pieces.
"Getting the credit is the wrong reason to do the right thing." Beth Moore, pg. 213
Most of what I have reviewed for you I purchased myself. However, if I accept a product for review, I will let you know, as per the FTC guidelines. I am, and will continue to be, very choosy about what I accept for review. And I will always share my honest thoughts with you, even if that means writing a negative review.
Apparently criticizing the moral lessons in the Bible is equivalent to insulting Christians—and therefore Savage is bullying Christians!
Needless to say, I didn't go for the food. About 3:00 today I started craving one of their Strawberry Frutistas and I made a commitment in my heart to move heaven and earth to get one. Only in Alabama does it make more sense to get a frozen drink in the middle of December rather than hot chocolate. It was a sweet 61 degrees as I sat in the drive thru with the window down at 5:30.
base and petering out.
Four years later somebody actually answered her ad, but the guy who responded obviously didn't have his reading glasses on. You see, SS is a girl that likes the boobs 'n stuff. She's a lesbian, and had placed her ad under women seeking women.
Miss Nina Carberry
I’ve reached a stage in my life where the ramblings and ravings of fools no longer interest me. I’m referring here to our Marxist government, their conniving bunch of supporters, and their influential masters sitting in high places, who have managed to bring the people of this country to their knees, without any resistance whatsoever.
Readers of this blog know that chocolate is my favorite dessert flavor, but this is a really nice change, and I think it would be wonderful when the weather gets hot.
They are, of course, none of these things Bikubi and Bamu, are not mad, they are not especially bad and by the standards of their homeland they are not particularly sadistic. The crime they committed, during which their young victim, Bamu's younger brother Kristy, suffered such extreme and prolonged agony he allegedly begged for death, seems uniquely horrific when seen from the perspective of a Great Britain which still clings to a crumbling vestige of what we once were. However, throughout central Africa where the killers come from such events are commonplace.
Front
Pets - Feed, water, brush, and litter box. We have two small Yorkshire Terriers and a cat :)
b) Perhaps it's time to rethink movie theater design. Perhaps the coolest architecture studio you could take right now would be one in which you rethink the contemporary cinema. Perhaps the outdoor cinemas of the future use clouds as their surface, and rooftops as their arena. AMC might even offer corporate sponsorship. From GPSFILM to CINEMA41, ideas for redesigning the cinematic experience are already out there – so how might they be tweaked to involve the sky?
Wow, what a fabulous day it was today, even the weather was kind to us. There was a pretty good turnout, with 11 families joining us for our Occombe Farm meet-up. 11 families = 16 adults and 23 children = busy but very fun. The children ranged in ages from 2 through to 15 years.
Plans are still moving forward for our "Pickin' on the Prairie" show August 18th and 19th. We have had some great vendors sign up and have several others telling us they will be signing up as well. From handmade furniture, jewelry, aprons, honey and more . . . there will be something for everyone here!
For this week over at My Paper Craft World..the Cooking With Cricut challenge this week is for National Card & Letter Writing Month. Your project was to make a card for someone or a scrapbook layout including a letter on it. I made a card for a friend..just to say I Miss them. This is a simple card.
11. Let Me Be Your Man
Here are some of the more positive ones:
I thought it turned out absolutely beautiful....I so love when things turn out better then planned! I hope my customer likes it as much as I do! :) I've used the cutie pie I Heart Ya by Elisabeth Bell for SCACD from the Sampler Edition #3. Isn't she so sweet....perfect for any occasion....birthday, sympathy, thinking of you, or any holiday! Papers are from K&Company Amy Butler Lotus collection!
Slumped to floor on opening DWP IB ESA reassessment letter.
Its work so deftly done,
We all understand that you need to bring something unique to the table when looking for a career opportunity; otherwise you may fail to intrigue prospective employers from the start and they may move on without you.
Falcigno's life-size & smaller scale creature sculpture will be joined by the work of celebrated Texas based sculpting duo The Shiflett Brothers, along with New York Zombie-art maestro Moses Jaen, Milford fine art sculptor Julia Ambrose, Colorado based sculpting prodigy Adam Dougherty, & the off-kilter character designs of Jake Waldron.
LB: Excellent, I can finally talk about my authors!
Our Sponsor for this challenge is our very own Miranda van den Bosch, she is so talented that she drew 3 Images just for us and these 3 Images will be the prize for this challenge! Isn't that an awesome prize for one lucky person? We hope that you like our creations!
How many more films with Johnny Depp use an accent, wear absurd jewelry, and don enough makeup to make a clown jealous?
I would recommend this book to anyone - children, teenagers, and adults. This book will likely be especially meaningful to anyone who has endured loss, although I'm sure in some sense, and to a greatly varying degree, this includes almost every single one of us.
Cellucci will report to Apostolico. In this position, Cellucci will be responsible for contract negotiations, strategizing QVC’s digital plans and new carriage opportunities, and directing the activities of a nationwide account management team.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, cream the butter and sugar together at medium speed until light and fluffy. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating until each is incorporated. Add the vanilla extract and sour cream and beat at low speed until combined.
*sigh* it's whats keeping me up at night - what makes me wake out of a deep and harmonious sleep...what makes me shiver at the very thought...of November
--Toby Keith and Justin Bieber represent the pinnacle of American musical talent.
Today, the 5th I wore a jacket I made a couple of years ago. I figured that since Labor day tends to mark the end of summer vacation and the start of school, and the fact that it is only in the low 60's I would bust out my fall jacket. I had never blogged about this piece either and I love love love it. It was made using one of the Simplicity Project Runway patterns, but at the moment I just don't feel any desire to go dig through my patterns to figure out which one. I used a woven plaid from Jo-Ann's for the shell. I lined it with this great shimmery blue cotton. I, also, underlined it for additional weight.
I can’t say that I have it all figured out; but what I can say is that there are universal rules to this game called life, and who we attract is always going to have something to do with who we are. I think we all understand this concept, whether or not we conceptualize it. For women, we spent tons of money on beauty products, countless hours to get shiny and appear brand new, tans, waxes, nip this and tuck that–and not to mention fitness fads and diet fixes. Men do it, too. We all go to great lengths to look great and fit the part of partner for our soul mate (if we believe in that sort of thing), or even to attract friends. Most adults that I know complain often about lack of meaningful connections, and some of us have given up all hope.What do you think about soulmates? Are you searching and are your efforts to reel in your soul-mate are coming from the right place?
First, let me begin by saying that I know I've been MIA lately. We've been battling one illness after another around here. It began with Lorelai having a run in with some peanuts (she's allergic), followed by her having a flu bug that lasted a couple of days, my bought with the same bug a few days later, and now Logan and I are both fighting nasty colds. Long story short, sitting down at the computer has been a dream that's been out of reach for a while. Now we're on the mend and I'm gearing up for the new year!
Yet in spite of its awards, mistakes and controversy, Burnt by the Sun is often a very beautiful, moving film. It takes place in 1938, where heroic old Colonel Kotov (Nikita Mikhalkov) is vacationing at the family summer home with his young wife, Marusia (Ingeborga Dapkunaite), gorgeous little daughter, Nadya (Nadya Mikhalkov, the director's real-life daughter) and assorted set of what EVERY reviewer is legally bound to call "Chekovian" characters. Just think white linen pants, croquet, sleepy afternoons, buzzing mosquitos and dainty umbrellas. Think also idiosyncracies, mild arguments and a general feel of casual, chaotic affection.
But on the flip-side, that means that changes are completely possible if you want to make it happen.
Ghosts......Emily over at Telecommuter Talk has a lovely post on the kind of ghost she likes to find in stories she reads. It got me to thinking, because I loved Caspar because he was a friendly ghost and Emily didn't, about the nature of ghosts and what we want in our ghost stories. I write ghost stories too (like Emily), as well as read them voraciously. So, what she wants to know is, do you like your ghosts malevolent, or friendly? Let Emily know.....For myself, I love a ghost story. The scarier the ghost, the creepier the setting, the better the chill and the goose-flesh feeling. It's very difficult to write a good ghost story, and while Emily quotes MR James (I am in the midst of reading a collection of his ghost stories), I myself think The Haunting of Hill House (by Shirley Jackson), The Shining (Stephen King), and The Woman in Black (Susan Hill) are three of the most frightening novels featuring ghosts ever written. They each came close to inducing a real state of fear in me, so much so that I had to keep checking that the doors were locked and no one could get in. Stephen, in the interview above, talks about writing a sequel to The Shining, called Dr Sleep. Danny Torrance, all grown up, and still with the shining. Let me tell you, I don't care if it's in hardcover and weighs 20 pounds, I will find some way to buy it the day it comes out and get it home, and lock myself in my house to get it read uninterrupted. Then there's Joyland, about a serial killer in an amusement park. That one is creepy just to think about! Oh, I can hardly wait! So I have to say Emily is right: malevolent ghosts make the best horror stories.
'French farmer logic' confounded me today. A little background to set the scene....Picture a farm in southern France where the land is devoted to olive trees. Soon after we bought this abandoned property eleven years ago we planted the trees, eleven hectares in all. During that work much debris - old concrete pipes, broken-down-way-beyond-repair-equipment, bits and pieces of iron and all sorts of unknown rubbish - was unearthed and placed in piles around the fields to be removed at a later date. This never quite happened...more 'French farmer logic'...there was always a very 'sound' reason why the timing was not right. 'French farmer logic' deemed that these items might one day prove useful. Although this did not appeal to my sense of order, I lived with this, after all it wasn't a question of life or death....just a question of mess. I must qualify that I am guilty when it comes to liking things comme il faut - I do - so this lack of action had required great patience on my behalf.
These non-violent punitive measures should be maintained until Israel meets its obligation to recognize the Palestinian peoples inalienable right to self-determination and fully complies with the precepts of international law by:
Hey there, everyone! Welcome to the last day of our April Lawn Fawn inspiration week! Today we are showcasing "Stay Tuned", which is a super cute 3x4 stamp set. You are going to just love the retro images and cute sentiments on this one!
So pointing out the failings in the current plans is either unpatriotic or as one military guy with an obvious distaste for democracy pompously put it on Jeremy Vine this lunchtime: if you oppose such measures you are obviously not sane!
Right now I am working on 2 different projects that are keeping me really busy. One of them I am making the invitations for and the other bridal shower gifts. Very exciting for me. I love weddings. :)
And I have a big announcement. All through March, if you purchased MY ZOMBIE DOG from Amazon, or if you blogged about the book, you could enter my competition to WIN a KINDLE!!! Yep, and if you're lucky enough to be in the US, that's a KINDLE FIRE. For the rest of the world it's a KINDLE 3G. So now all I have to do is generate a random number from random.org:
APS Placement Service Pvt. Ltd.,
Following this, I added the veggies, keeping it fairly simple with just tiny broccoli florets and what I like to call “beet pepperoni”—that is, a beet sliced on a mandoline’s finest setting. If you haven’t tried this as a pizza topping yet, then you must. I will seriously probably be putting beet pepperoni all my pizzas for as long as I live—it’s just that good.
I hope everyone has had a great summer. Enjoy what remains of your vacation.
A laugh is a smile that bursts. ~Mary H. Waldrip
Maansi
Yes, the reason is: they provide no restaurant service and indeed give preprepared and packaged food, when customers ask for it. That is the truth, since much of their "food" is made hours and maybe even a day before and sits under heat lamps waiting for its victims, er customers.
According to insiders, much of the money coming into the Chia accounts was linked to concessions awarded to the Sabah timber trader Andrew Lim of the Priceworth Industries (listed on the Kuala Lumpur Stock Exchange), the brother of the tycoon Freddy Lim. Freddy Lim, who controls Kretam Holding, also on the KL Stock Exchange, is the controlling influence behind the Hong Kong company Wayco Enterprises Ltd, which acts as an agent between Malaysian timber traders and buyers from China and elsewhere.
We hear that the show hasn't taken a summer hiatus before, and the above quotes from WRPBS boss Trina Cutter seem to indicate that if "NewsNight" does return, you basically won't recognize the show.
* The tea party’s impact on the War On Sex;
Sovereignty is a heavy weight to bear. It presses down and dictates much. Power, sovereignty, responsibility.
Pop and Latin music icons don’t get any bigger than this. ENRIQUE IGLESIAS, JENNIFER LOPEZ and WISIN Y YANDEL announced they will tour together this summer hitting nearly 20 cities nationwide starting July 14, 2012. The State Farm presented tour, promoted by AEG Live will go on sale beginning Friday, May 4 at www.ticketmaster.com. They will hit Verizon Center on July 28th!
· dark fantasy
Unlike some firms, Heinze does not charge his clients for the monitoring services. "I'm willing to do this free educational work if it brings the client up to speed and lets me provide a better service," he says.
The Sealed Letter by Emma Donoghue
The EPO received 232,000 European patent filings in 2010, 10% up on the 2009 figure (211,000). 39% of these filings originated from the 38 member states of the European Patent Organisation, 26% from the US, 18% from Japan and 5% from each of South Korea and China.
Meanwhile, back in the semi-real world of politics..
Early one morning, Sharon Abbott was delivering newspapers to homes in Toronto's west end. Police Sergeant Stephen Ruffino observed her car double-parked outside an apartment. Then he saw her re-enter the vehicle, turn left without signalling, drive without a seatbelt and swerve from side to side. When she got out again, Sgt. Ruffino tried to stop Ms. Abbott and give her a warning, but she failed to stop and identify herself several times. So he briefly scuffled with her, handcuffed her and detained her for 45 minutes.
The real stand-out for this flick though is Ellen Page here as Hayley, aka every pedophiles worst enemy. Page is amazing here because she totally makes us think twice about her in every way. There are moments where a lot of the things she does is very questionable (honestly, how could a person plan out something like this so perfectly?) but she seems so hip, smart, and intelligent for her age that it’s also quite believable. She’s a chick that always seems one step ahead of Jeff, and even the audience, and it’s also one of those performances where Page really seems like she’s too smart for anybody’s good. She practically commands every scene and never loses sight of what this script and film was trying to say and convey.
This week, we're participating in Laura's "Favorite Character Blogfest". It's runs from Jan 23 -25 and if you haven't checked out Laura's site, go there NOW!!! She's awesome.
in the distance.
Saline nasal spray (4x per day)
My preferred definition of theology is “fides quaerens intellectum” – faith seeking understanding. Girlie and I share a faith (or is it better to call it hope?) in life beyond death. But our secular sensibility, and our readings into neuroscience and evolutionary psychology, seek a different understanding of this faith and hope.
Assorted ribbon
Happy 21 months to my Logan! It's a special day as it's your 21st month of life on the 21st and also the first day of spring!!
- When Spike Lee shook Bosh’s hand and was chatting him up a bit as the play was about to start from the whistle. For sure, speculating, congratulating him for his new baby son. The fans behind Lee were probably a little don’t-talk-to-the-enemy, but he does his thing, like or hate it. I’m guessing it is extremely tough for players holding back the punch-in-the-face they envision running that side of the court.
Last year’s inaugural festival for the consumer group set the blue print for the event by creating a sociable environment in which conversation reigned and the safe enjoyment and appreciation of good beer with good food was the primary goal. This year the event very much continued in the same vein with a fantastic range of beers, some hearty tasty food provided by Gavin Grant the head chef from The Hop Garden and a fantastic laid back sociable vibe.
And going even deeper, do you think that the creators intention 50 years ago was to create a cartoon that children would see and learn to accept communism just by watching? And what about the present day applications: are cartoons a (good?) way to reach the youth of the nation? Is it fair to viewers and creators that a children’s program has underlying themes?
In “Oh All to End”, his obituary tribute to Beckett, Blanchot remembers Molloy's failure to win the Prix des Critiques, and recognises his naïvete in trying to alert members of the literary establishment to its deserve. Beckett's early novels, he says, were after all “foreign to the resources of 'literature'”. Even today one cannot imagine such a novel winning anything but the label unreadable. Blanchot then compares Sartre’s theatrical soliciting and refusal of the Nobel Prize with Beckett’s distance: “he had neither to accept nor refuse a prize that was for no particular work (there is no work in Beckett) but was simply an attempt to keep within the limits of literature that voice or rumble or murmur which is always under threat of silence”. The aside prompts reassuring disquiet: there is no work in Beckett. Blanchot continues by quoting from his own work Awaiting Oblivion “because Beckett was willing to recognize himself in that text”. Does this mean Beckett corresponded with Blanchot? How else did he find out? Perhaps volumes three and four will disabuse us.
March 30th- Anything But a Square- Jamie Coordinator
The winds grew harder, and the rain and hail came down like bullets. The storm crushed us in a fist, but we stayed put. As it reached its howling pinnacle, Biscuit breathed his last. Like some great Karmic irony, the brunt of the tornado and Biscuit's life ended at the same moment.
These are some words from a lovely Irish song called
showing us where you belonged
You have to explain to me why the Zionists are so committed to picking a fight with Iran? What could possibly motivate Israel to kill Iranian nuclear scientists? It makes no sense, unless Israel is looking to start a war to extend its military domination of the Middle East (everyone knows Israel has the strongest military in the Middle East). So you'll have to explain this to me, please.
Other than that the only issue I had with the podcast itself was when it came to editing, there was one section of the audio that I wished to remove, but whatever way it had been recorded I was unable to select the entire clip. From what I can tell it was because the clip spanned two seperate time segments, so I wasn’t able to remove it all without removing part of another sentence. I tried zooming in and while seconds became miliseconds I was still unable to edit it properly. I tried my best though and there’s only a slight blip, I won’t tell you when though.
I didn't find the tutorial though...
This video would be used as a viral internet video and also for television space. Nature/Cultural publications would be the ideal placement for the video. This would also work well placed in e-book versions of the publications (offering a link to the video).
1 play
The 30x30x30 is a great challenge in our artistic career. It is a bold look at the hectic present. A society on the move, full of changes and developments that seem not letting up…
Imagina de mettre une feuille poissarde
10. Knit For Mary F.
The film probably had little impact in 2001, but it is instructive if only as a record of the time it takes to move something worthwhile forward.
I love micro-finance.
Another strange title to convey very different information!
Colorado Springs, CO 80906
This is a personal favorite of mine. I'll never get bored listening to "Tequila." In a stroke a campy genius, every time the trademark "tequila!" approaches, we are treated to the deep bong of a gong in its place. Hilarious.
Sometimes people ask me - what inspires you?
We also did a couple of different walking tours through town that took us by numerous historic homes and buildings. The entire area was just fascinating!
Now, before I get started (properly... without corn references... hang on, what's that movie? Children of the Corn, I just had to go and google that because I swear the title of this post and the whole corn field thing is creeping me out a bit and it did not surprise me to learn just now that the Children of the Corn were not nice children), I should divulge that growing up we weren't LKKs -
This time the pretext being used is attacks on postmen rather than the theft of dogs belonging to Bruce Forsyth's daughter. I am sure those attacks are a problem that deserves more attention, but I do not see how microchipping dogs will help.
WHATEVER…………..
its various untruths.) ! !
So, I’m moving from being “Sugar-dependent” into “God-dependent”!
I'm planning on structuring my training around her schedule. On the early days she'll have to get up at 5:30 which is an hour earlier than I usually get up. I'll just get up with her and I'll have an extra hour every morning to practice. I'll also continue to practice in the evening, so this will be something of a boost for my own training.
Kenya needs less rallies, more God. Less churches, more God.
Flower-Corsano Duo, You'll Never Work In This Town AgainNo duo is doing more cathartic free jazz/rock right now.
In my own life, and in the lives of those I interact with daily, there has been a vibratory force of Self-realization shaking loose tensions, restrictions, limitations, etc. from the denser (astral, emotional, etheric and physical) levels of being.
Yens Petersen with question
Jaqueline travelled from her home near Cardigan Bay to deliver her ‘Peg Loom Weaving’ workshop in Birmingham. She brought with her a range of Peg Looms, fibres, fabrics, yarns and a wealth of experience and knowledge to impart. Jacqueline has been a tutor with the Open College of Arts for twenty years, providing support for students on the ‘Understanding Art and Textiles
The temper of the year;
And the baby carrier had a built-in cap to keep the sun off the baby’s head and out of its eyes. I’m in awe of how clever these resourceful people were. If you’d like to see the other pictures I took of the basket collection at Maryhill, click the link below:
So I revise the tablescape.
I owe my soul to the company store * This is under some dispute. Coalminer George S. Davis claims that he wrote this as Nine or Ten Tons in the 1930s.
Happy Valentine's Day!!!
So how should I paint these when I get them to that stage?
That's all I have, but I'd like to hear from you...if you had to pick two songs favorite songs, what would you choose? Thanks for dropping by
One of Private Eye’s regular features involved mentioning Fleet Street staff who were convicted of various offences, whether of drunkenness or assault. Sadly I do not have time just now to go through my 30 years’ back issues of the Eye to see whether any of these stories popped up under Mr Coulson’s charge. Interestingly, a perjury charge on this issue might fall foul of the need that the perjured statement needs to be relevant to the case. If therefore it could be shown the NotW employed a convicted criminal under Mr Coulson, then, unless it is connected to the alleged hacking, it would not found a perjury case.
By letting your employees know that you honor and respect them, you can create a solid, trusting atmosphere where they feel safe enough to take risks, and secure enough to be their best.
And when I point out the Reformed confessions in a theological discussion on Facebook I am indirectly called "impatient" and "intolerant" by those who claim to be intolerant of heresy and Arminianism. It seems to me that "belonging" to a social club is more important than biblical truth for most "Reformed" believers.
This is where the DeleteMe service comes in. They currently charge you $99 to un-track you from the tracking data clearinghouses, which in turn sell your data to others entities. You can follow Abine’s list of services and do the deed yourself, and that means writing many e-mails, sending numerous faxes, and placing enough phone calls to make you wish for a time machine so you can go back to the 19th century to do violence unto Alexander Graham Bell.
Well, I've got bad news. We're not all creative.
Unfortunately, many of my students would rather expend their efforts attempting to get me to “teach them real Maths”.
I screamed, "KALE," loud enough so that everyone stared at me and immediately bought the two bunches in the basket. The woman in the little shop looked at me strangely because I was wearing a very unattractive but functional purple striped zip-up and was clearly a tourist buying a green vegetable that would die in two days. I also begged for a larger bag since this was 11am in the morning and we had a full day of sightseeing and a three hour hike ahead of us.
“Would you be back this time round, Rose?” he asked.
The conference, made public via live-cast, was an absolute thrill, with one inspiring and bold panelist after another. Contrary to rumor, video of the conference is yet to be posted, so I relied heavily on tweets (#RadCon) and some notes to put this piece together.
3. Make the tofu balls: mush the tofu in your hands until very fine and clumping together. Add spices and hoisin sauce and mix well. Adjust seasonings to taste. Sprinkle the wheat gluten over top and mix in. Form into about 30 balls, not too big.
Black & White stickers
BJWRQ Blog (bjwrqblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
A engagement photo to come but here is one I had on hand of the cute couple.
“Who you gonna call?”
Paper: Whisper White (#100730), Crumb Cake(#120953)
It was to be expected that after drinking enough of Jessica’s blood to save him, Jason would start having sex dreams about her. He figured out very quickly that he was dreaming so he decided he might as well enjoy it. His subconscious had another idea, though, because Jessica kept talking about Hoyt. Jason finally gets a grip on that, but then Hoyt appeared next to him and made him feel guilty about what he was doing. Jason got rid of that figment just as Jessica started moaning Hoyt’s name. Then, in what ultimately caused Jason to wake up, Hoyt was suddenly on top of him moaning his own name. Needless to say, this new sexual attraction is going to cause some problems for Jason.
It’s this vision I choose to hold onto and embrace.
Thou that beget'st him that did thee beget;
A little powder,
Upcoming is my post on the Tofu “sticks” a really yummy snack.
It is especially fun for me to get to watch my husband enjoying my children...and my kids loving their Dad! It is so wonderful to see after such a long time apart! Ben does such a great job with both kids, I am so thankful he is such an involved and loving Dad. He is a great example of our loving Heavenly Father!
"You've been so good," she said. "It's okay, you don't have to be strong anymore today."
The American Association for the Advancement of Science felt forced to formally deny such a claim . They issued a report which says:
I only had two classes today because my professor for Culture is awesome. Here's the deal...This weekend is Carnaval in Ciudad Rodrigo (which is only about an hour away from Salamanca) and "everybody" goes. Also, there is an excursion to Andalucía. So, my teacher Míriam assumed many students would be missing class, and the rest of the story she says is a "secret." You can use your imagination and figure out what happened. Anyway, after Conversation was over I went with two friends from the U.S. to a place called Electrotaco to get a snack. I had a "ternera machada" or something like that. Anyway, when we were on our way there we noticed that a stage and cameras were set up in the Plaza, so we dropped by again afterwards to see what was going on. As it turned out, it was a service to remember all the victims of terrorism worldwide. There were SO MANY people there; I think the Plaza was at least 80% full. It was supposed to start at 12:30, so we hadn't missed anything when we arrived at a quarter after 1:00. Oh Spain... Anyway, it began a few minutes after we arrived and we spent much of that time talking with a woman who taught at Sam Houston State. She lived in Texas for 20 years, but is from Salamanca! She just heard us talking and asked where we were from. She said that she loved the U.S. and she found Americans to be very welcoming and we had a short, but nice conversation. Then the ceremony started and they had many victims of various terrorists attacks come. They walked through the Plaza and everyone applauded. Four or five of them spoke (one was from the U.S. and one was from France and the others were Spanish). They played some songs and had a moment of silence in addition to the brief speeches. It ended after about 25 minutes and the crowd dispersed. I started to leave but then I noticed that I could get close to the walkway they had for the guests. I watched and waited as they made their way out of the Plaza. It was a moving sight. Most walked with another, their arms interlocked. In many of their eyes I saw tears, which made it difficult to keep my own back. The small crowd that remained yelled to them. I didn't really understand what they were saying, but their appreciation was evident. They clapped for special guests and the old women in front of me cried "Animo, animo!" I just now looked it up and it has a number of meanings, but my guess is that in this situation it means "courage." It wasn't a happy event, but I'm very glad I was there to witness and be a part of it. Additionally, as I started to leave for the second time, I noticed another crowd, but this one was chanting. I couldn't figure out what they were saying but I soon realized that someone famous was there. I still don't know exactly who it is but I think it is a presidential candidate. I think I got a picture or two of him. Later people were chanting "Presidente, presidente!"
Manchester definitely brought me closer to Jungle though – the people and scene is what makes it – I don’t think you can appreciate it unless you experience it – Junglists aren’t just people that like Jungle or Drum and Bass, they’re people that love it and everything it stands for, know its extensive history and it means more to them than just music or money making, there’s some proper Junglists in Manchester!
Had I not assigned it its own month, with a hard deadline -- a shipping date, Godin would call it -- it could well have remained on my list through next summer. Or forever.
Images can be smells, sounds, heat or cold, light or dark, a piece of furniture or a room or an object--whatever has meaning and can be repeated without too much fanfare.
“Shall we meet in the lobby at 6?” he inquires.
So this weekend, I did a little shopping. And amazingly, I managed to not buy one thing. Do you know what was included in this not buying spree? Polka dots. Apparently all my stores did not get the memo that polka dots are right on trend, because I couldn't find ANYTHING that I wouldn't have been buying for the sole purpose of this posting.
The provision at issue is sec. 1021, which was tucked into the 1800-page conference report that they helped shuttle through Congress in a matter of days. Given the complexity and weight of the issue, I was interested to read House Armed Services Committee Chairman Buck McKeon’s post on RedState explaining the bill’s detention policy. Unfortunately, the post is almost useless because it muddles two separate provisions of the NDAA.
I was first introduced (figuratively) to Mia by my mum, who said to me; “Dais you should read this column by Mia Freedman she’s an awesome female journalist”. I was in the middle of something important (trying to download 30 Rock) and replied distractedly; “Yeah thanks I will”, and continued to take zero notice nor read the column. But the name stuck and I started following her on twitter, and my obsession begun. I have never encountered a journo who seems to get everything absolutely right all the time. Every single piece of hers hits whatever the issue is spot on. It’s no hard news journalism, but it definitely confronts everyday issues that women face and she’s become the sort of media role model I’d love to be one day – one that knows her audience like the back of her hand. @MiaFreedman – If anyone’s interested.
Just by virtue of unschooling, all of us here have made a radically different choice in how we live and learn than that of the mainstream. Whether you chose to never send your kids to school, pulled them out later on, or decided yourself to leave school, it was a huge decision, likely accompanied by much soul-searching and thought. Possibly also a large amount of reading and researching and discussion. Maybe you just followed what felt right. But whatever path lead you away from schooling, I’m sure the impact of that choice was felt in a profound way.
In any case, I'm very very very glad to be HOME! I am looking forward to a regular routine until my trip to Istanbul at the end of the month, and lots of sitting around the house, working and (of course), licking the cat's butt.
Lynne Perrella
CR: Parisian women are a really special race. They're queens of fashion, know everything about everything and really ambitious. Juste like parisian guys, they can be real kind of pain in the ass. But come on, they're also really fun, friendly and clever girls. You can't totally hate them !
Crystal Lacquer
Mind can be rampant if unchecked and seduced.
Jeff didn’t look too good. The enthusiasm of the guy who had it all figured out was replaced by a pale face that had been tred upon by life. Real life.
I've heard you make lasting friendships in the re-education camps!
We are continually told that it is due to lack of rainfall, but I recon it is more likely due to an increase in the population, especially here in the south east of England. I expect we will all be asked, in a week or two, to ‘share a bath’ or more likely ‘share a shower’.
When you first start out as a single mom, no matter who did the leaving, you think:
But building a new Canada required more destruction than artifice: after all, there were 500 years of history in the way, most of it very distasteful to the revolutionaries.
Perhaps the single best tribute done to Clark, in terms of its kitschiness, was the Piers Morgan episode which brought back the previous owner of that timeslot, the one and only Larry King (whose ridiculously hagiographic tributes to dead people I loved to pieces, as I have noted in the past). Morgan asked Larry to weigh in on Clark’s importance (the primary question asked on these shows is “why would you say so-and-so was SO
I still haven't actually got much these past few months but the things i'm showing you are things I really am in love with and I think are definately worth buying. I want to try and buy more makeup as I haven't got much for a while and there wasn't really much that I felt was good enough to show you. I definately want to expand my blush collection, I have a serious lack of beautiful cheek colours!
I want to thank these bloggers for their support and kind posts recently. I hope that you will take a moment to check out these great blogs if you haven't already!
I have a couple fun new cupcakes to share with you...
The gun prohibitionists are desperate to promote the meme that the growth in NICS checks do not accurately reflect the growth in firearm sales. Unfortunately, they just cannot ignore financial statement releases from public companies such as Sturm, Ruger & Co. Financial statement releases from public companies are not only released to the public but filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. They must be accurate unlike any statement made by the likes of CSGV and other gun prohibitionists.
I think we are ready.
03 Alien
Update: I had to make pancakes the following morning, since I was craving them so badly.
Need stocking stuffer ideas??? Well, you are in luck because I have a few ideas since CV and I traded stockings early. I must say, I definitely enjoyed giving/receiving stockings before Christmas! It not only got us into the holiday spirit but it was also fun to suprise each other with little stocking treats! And I think we both did a great job picking out the perfect little gifts!
There were many other thinkers in Fourier’s time who were convinced that their ideas marked a vast turning point in the history of the world. Nobody else, as far as I know, took it to the extent of thinking that the general acceptance of his philosophy would turn the oceans into lemonade. That was just one of the great transformations that, according to Fourier, would happen once a significant minority of the Earth’s human population embraced the Harmonial Philosophy and ushered in the era of Harmony, the fulfillment of Earth’s history. Torrents of "cosmic citric acid," he claimed, would then descend from heaven to turn the seas tart and tasty. Meanwhile four additional moons that ran away from Earth orbit—they were embarrassed to be seen with a planet whose inhabitants hadn’t accepted Fourier’s ideas—would come swinging gaily back to their places; lions would turn into cuddlesome, vegetarian antilions; and human beings, freed from drudgery by Fourier’s discovery that economic problems could be solved by "passional attraction," would devote their time to gourmet dining and orgiastic sex.
Off I went into the surgery and up to the reception desk.
When the car is rolling, the upper chamber on one side and the lower chamber on the other side create high pressure. As these chambers are cross connected to the high pressure chambers on their opposite side. This creates resistance between the two systems wanting to displace their fluid. This has the effect of increasing in the cars roll stiffness.
Tomorrow is Christmas Eve. We’ll go to a 6pm service at our church while most Ticos will attend the Catholic misa de gallo—midnight mass—and open their gifts. Either way, it’s bound to be a sunny, breezy, and beautiful Christmas here in the valley.
The regular concept is the fact fellas aren’t as impacted as girls are, by a break up, when it is in simple fact, a great deal to the contrary it really is the fellows who are essentially the most susceptible after a split up. The things they say the same thing has transpired to you, so if you’re striving figure out how to win back ex girlfriend, then here are several hassle-free points which could help you.
Around the pillars of Urthona, and round thy dark limbs
The 4 foot All Season shop light is ideal for garages, utility and work areas requiring additional task lighting. The shop light is fully assembled and ready to install with a six inch textured gray reflector to match any work space. The fixture starts reliably down to 0 degrees F making it ideal for all weather applications, particularly in colder environments. Two long lasting energy-efficient 32W fluorescent bulbs are required and sold separately.
“Did you guys check out that new program “Saturday Night Live”, now that’s some funny shit. Hopefully NBC won’t cancel it next year like they always do. Bunch of schmucks!”
1114 **D-V/16/1991. “The Use and Abuse of War: On the Persian War and the Peloponnesian War.” Lenoir-Rhyne HickoryHumanities Forum, Wildacres Conference Center, Little Switzerland, North Carolina. Dedicated to the memory of Milton S. Mayer (1908-1986). See Item D-XII/31/1993, below. (Incorporated in Item C-1992(2), above, pp. 566-79.)
4. We celebrated Thanksgiving with a gluten-free, dairy-free, egg-free friend, hence the leftover buttery sticks. Again, eat fatty animal-laden real butter as much as you can!
2.EDDIE & THE HOT RODS - Teenage Depression
In the second place, this banner and obedience of the emperor ought to be true and simple. The emperor should seek nothing else than simply to perform the work and duty of his office, which is to protect his subjects; and those under his banner should seek simply the work and duty of obedience. By this simplicity you should understand that there is to be no fighting of the Turk for the reasons for which the emperors and princes have heretofore been urged to war, such as the winning of great honor, glory, and wealth, the increasing of lands, or wrath and revengefulness and other things of the kind; for by these things men seek only their own self- interest, and therefore we have had no good fortune heretofore, either in fighting or planning to fight against the Turk.
I’m not sure what to say about PC’s ingredient deck because there’s so many ways to describe your ingredients according to CFIA (Canadian Food Inspection Agency) that it can be really hard to tell how much of each ingredient is in there. But, it’s good to note that PC’s strawberry preparation lists sugar before the strawberries.
The first thing I do is start gathering reference. Mostly I'm looking for photos to cover the specific references, as well as poses, attitudes and inspiration. My reference files can get pretty big.
I will go into detail when this piece o’ work is finished.
Last week, Genaro Garcia Luna also visited Washington, D.C. touting his new book The New Public Security Model for Mexico. (Former U.S. Ambassador to Mexico Antonio Garza promotes the book as showing “real progress” in the Drug War.) Garcia heads the Mexican Ministry for Public Security, basically comparable to the U.S. Justice Department and overseeing Mexico’s infamous federales. Given the bleak and bloody statistics of the Drug War in Mexico some might wonder how Garcia could speak without some shame about what he is calling a successful solution to Mexico’s security problems, let alone write a book about the government’s so-called “breakthrough” plan. Given the statistics, one has to wonder how high the body count would be without Garcia’s breakthrough plan.
And Al knew that his house was soon on his route
So 32A buckles in and spreads open his newspaper like he's home at his breakfast table. He is infringing on my space and his right arm occupies the armrest between us. Dude! At LEAST give me the armrest! I'm sure that is a rule!
to other worlds. Mesmerizing attacks hooking me
Can't you see that all that stuff's a sideshow
In the strange way life has of connecting the dots when I returned home to Canada chickens continued to cross my horizon, although I wasn’t so much hearing them as hearing about them.
See you in other writing sessions, have enjoying statistics.
Red Drake – 2000 gold
There is a prevailing sense in our society that true privacy is a thing of the past. Filled with vivid real life stories drawn from the headlines and from Luna’s own consulting experience, How to Be Invisible, Revised Edition is a critical antidote to the privacy concerns that continue only to grow in magnitude as new and more efficient ways of undermining our personal security are made available. Privacy is a commonly-lamented casualty of the Information Age and of the world’s changing climate-but that doesn’t mean you have to stand for it.
As an English major, I find people’s interpretation of dreams fascinating. Maybe it was my early introduction to Freud’s psychoanalysis (my middle school conveniently skimmed over the “penis envy” theories), but learning others’ ideas of what symbols in dreams can mean is amazing to me. It really shows people’s perspectives and makes you wonder how frequently the meaning of a snake can remain constant through so many people’s imaginations.
I like to check my stat counter now and then. It's fun to see what keywords people use in their Google searches that bring them to my blog. Here are a few from this week...
When you ran for the office of First Selectman, in 2005, you showed us through your actions the importance of giving back. You won by 24 votes. I remember when we gathered at the elementary school as the voting booths were opened and counts tallied. It was an exciting night and a well-earned victory.
V/A - Essential Attitudes Vol. 2 (Frantic 1987, Comp with Jim Ball and the Suits, Beyond Words, Exibit A...)
One of the unlucky people said, “well, it’s really unlucky that you happen to be in the bank that time.” Meanwhile, one of the lucky people said, “I think that’s very lucky! The bullet could hit you anywhere, you could even die in the robbery, but you only managed to scratch your hand!”
“We started out as four friends, up all night, taking calls from people on bad acid trips and having the time of our lives,” Mr. Austin said in a phone interview Friday. “And that’s what we always were: four friends talking.”
20. Tilda Swinton (We Need To Talk About Kevin)
I attended my aunt's memorial service, in Ottawa, this past weekend.
I must apologize for my non-existent online presence these past couple months. As you can tell since orientation uni has consumed my life, mostly in a good way fortunately.
5. My younger brother met Kurt Vonnegut – True – Worst of all, I don’t think he’s a fraction of the fan that I am. He actually meets all kinds of famous people all the time anyway, so I don’t think it meant much to him even if he was a fan. I’d ask him, but his mellow attitude about it would just infuriate me.
I went to the dollar store in town and bought some note books with thick paper. Then I used Close to My Heart Stamps and just some paper I had in my stash.
Smiles, tears, of all my life; and, if God choose,
At the same time we’re being told about major strides by Saudi Arabia in curtailing terrorist finance, we’re finding out more about Saudi funding of the Yemeni branch of Al Qaeda (AQAP).
I seldom find the time to read other blogs as much as I'd like to. Between my own blog, review blog, writing articles, working on books, cleaning house, cooking, shopping, helping with homework, driving to hockey, baseball, and gymnastics, taking care of six kids 24/7, doctor's appointments, teacher conferences, paying bills, laundry, well, you get the idea. After all that stuff, I have like 4 hours left and I usually like to sleep now and then.
Binks maybe this was true in the early to mid 90's but if you haven't noticed the MAJORITY of the people living in North Seattle are Caucasian!! Please stop with the outdated assumptions I've seen countless amounts of white kids/adults driving these types of vehicles. It's pretty sad that as soon as you old folks here "Large rims" you Automatically assume it's a Gangbanger!!! Please don't quit your day jobs folks
The case reference is 8690 of 2011, the case will be heard by Mr Justice David Richards and is scheduled to start at 10.30am tomorrow in Court 26 of the Royal Courts of Justice on the Strand inLondon.
Shall We Dance - this was a pattern I bought from Keepsake Quilting. It was, to me, a very frustrating pattern. I'm sure the pattern was fine and there was just something lost in translation, however every single one of my turtle blocks was not square, and not square in the very same corner. But I was determined to get it finished and see how it turned out - it was sooooo not square and the borders were very wavy but I sent it to Lilly Lucier in Vanceboro, NC for machine quilting and what she did with it was nothing short of a miracle. It's still not square but it's much, much better than it was. I added fun buttons for eyes.
Happy new year, everyone! I hope 2012 has been treating you kindly thus far.
but a baby who has just learned to pull himself up by a sill
My smoothie date got Soy Mi Gusta, a mix of soy milk, raspberries (or any berry of your choice), honey, and bananas. I’d say I liked mine better- definitely sweeter. But his was good too.
Did a minimal amount of sewing…. FNSI was my big coup except that I…
Skylaark
Not according to Guy Maddin. Sheeeeeeeeit.
Constructing every building on our 40 acres, including furniture within, and out.
STORIES AND STORY COLLECTIONS
Jesus always keeps that connection going, and I am reminded that He will never let me go. (Again that’s a little like two guys who are getting an electric shock!)
enough. Keep your juice next to you in the car, on your desk at work, in
The small steep little hill in front of the house is tricky !
With Tampa Bay’s health rankings landing at the middle to bottom of state and national rankings, and falling below in areas of critical concern, collaboration and concerted action is imperative if we want a healthier Tampa Bay by 2050. Small, simple changes in lifestyle can make a positive difference in the health and wellness of our citizens. By challenging citizens from across Tampa Bay to get up and get moving just 30 minutes each day, the ONE BAY team estimates we can collectively “Walk to the Moon” (or at least the equivalent in land-based terms; that’s 238,857 miles) in seven weeks. The challenge starts April 4, 2012. Sign up today!
1 8 oz package of seitan
-Anaconda
The blue planet. part 3: seas of life : seasonal seas/coral seas
In non-Lord of the Rings clips:
My high school teacher shared this trade secret to a couple of us, I’ve shared this to my mom after that and since then, we’ve been frequenting this haven and source of sweet solid happiness. We give one of our happiness a name, “chocolate”, and our chocolate temple, “The Chocolate Lover”.
Not that I would know this personally or anything !
Schwump schwump! Wiper blades abide
There is power in picking. Power in being the pick-ee and power in being picked and power in not being picked.
But when I get home and I am required to do my other religion rights, I can feel a burning conflict inside me. It’s not about the religion, it’s not about the God to follow, it’s not about which Bible to read, which practices to drop off and ignore, it’s not about the community. Each is good, Each is worthy of my loyalty. Each community is to me very healthy and supportive. But, for whatever reason I cannot define, I feel I want to be more Catholic than any other religion.
I do spend an hour or two every Thursday night gathering the next weeks worksheets, and writing down a “lesson plan”, and picking out crafts, and planning a field trip. Since the A Beka Books comes with a schedule of sorts, its been pretty easy so far. Even for someone with no Home School experience what so ever.
For this reason many are watching the Thousand Oaks based family and their swarms of prospects very closely. At an average of 36 hours old the Clausen spermatozoa are the youngest in a family of football stars, but that hasn’t stopped some from raving about their collective technique.
Thank you Julie for your unconditional love and to everyone else who participated in that event!
-Was and soak the basmati rice in water for 15-20 minutes.
The film's German title is 'Verdammt, die Zombies kommen', which is roughly Oh Crap, the Zombies Are Coming and the Danish title is 'Ligene er ligeglade' which is roughly Corpses Doesn't Care -- playing up the comical aspect of the film.
recorded live at Haus der Berliner Festspiele, Main Stage, November 6, 2011
Sunset at Serangoon Reservoir Dam
Sleep-through the night. Yup, he did that all on his own around nine months or so. Nothing like what I went through with Eleanor (link)!
Cya!!! :)
To win this stamp all you have to do is add your name to Mister Linky.
Actually, this one has me almost completely stumped. My best guess is that it means you might aught to go to New York if you really want to see naughty performed as high art. I think your guess will be as good as mine on this one.
But the entire time I have had Call of Cthulhu in the back of my mind. My “big three” games of my adult life have been 1st edition AD&D, Champions, and Call of Cthulhu. These are the games I ran long campaigns for over the years from the late 80’s and throughout the 90’s. Full, satisfying, amazing campaigns with these three genres. And seeing as during the latter part of the 90’s we only seemed to be able to get one several hour session in every month or so, I am in sort of a renaissance of gaming. Running and playing almost every week (weeknight) which a few years ago would have been inconceivable to me. But here we are literally rolling in gaming goodness.
I’ve got a piece of pineapple stuck in my teeth way up in the back of my mouth and I’ve tried everything to get it out!
~Amber~
Finally the canning season is winding down, when it's apples you know the end is near. I used all of our own apples to make apple butter so off we went to the local orchard to get a bushel of seconds for apple sauce and apple pie filling. Actually I should be making the pie filling and not sitting here typing right now but you know...
With a sign up like this from the company chairman, you know the service is going to be very good. There are other similar signs up around the store, all saying it’s all about service and making sure they do right by you the customer. And the same in all their stores. I popped back today to take the photo and asked the guy before I did and explained why – and he smiled!
But, it's not a simple question. And it definitely doesn't have a simple answer. But, let me tell you, that's the quickest way to cease a conversation.
Insurance is a safety net, which helps you in case of a crisis. The crisis can be pure economic, or it can be health related or life related. The insurance product can be a policy from a financial institution or it can be cash hidden in your home or it can be even your own jewellery. Your friends, and family can also act as your informal insurance partners (and you will have to act theirs).
Until recklessly we sputter
-braggs liquid aminos
Story blurb: Clete Benteen was a kid one minute and a man the next. The son of a sharpshooter, he grew up when his pa was brought home across the back of a horse, back-shot. Making a place for himself among hard cowboys, Clete must use all the skill he has to provide for his family and to find his Pa’s killer. But is he tough enough to survive?
This is a much longer and more detailed and important story than I am giving space to. My main goal is to make sure people know of it and understand its importance.
A process that I personally supervised.
You want to make a good new beer?
Sunday Justin, M, & I went to lunch. I took M to the park and then we went to church. All in all it was a great week/weekend. Hubs can take his brace off in a week and hopefully get back to doing the things he loves!
AMY GOODMAN: "It was 25 years ago today when a deadly explosion at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant in the former Soviet state of Ukraine led to what was then the worst nuclear disaster in history. It sent a cloud of radioactive fallout into Russia, Belarus and over a large portion of Europe. Fifty thousand people living in Chernobyl’s immediate surroundings had to be evacuated. A vast rural region became uninhabitable, and public authorities were forced to put restrictions on the sale and import of food to reduce the risk of radiation-induced cancer deaths among their populations.
Both are slightly older vintages btw - the Sauvignon is a 2009 and the Pinot Noir a 2008 - but that shouldn't be a problem, particularly with the Pinot which should have benefitted from a couple of years' ageing. You could easily drink it with seared tuna or salmon as well as with grilled chicken and other barbecued food. The Sauvignon would obviously be great with seafood.
I need an answer!
I’m not seeking to eradicate Autism or cure my son. I love him just the way he is thank you very much. To my mind, if we can understand exactly what causes Autism (if indeed anything one thing at all does) and how Autism effects individuals then we can gain more insight into what it is our children truly experience and what it is they truly need, not just from us as parents, but from society as a whole.
Sarah Jane faces her saddest day, as she realises that no one can defend the Earth forever, as the alien-busting adventure series concludes. She's saved the world so many times but must now hand over the task to safer hands. Clyde and Rani are distraught, and the forces of darkness gather as the inevitable day approaches.
So what is it that we all have in common in this fictional boat we are floating in? Why, we live in little spaces!
He is all boy. But so gentle and sweet at the same time.
Maya Delaney's paw-print birthmark is the mark of what she truly is—a skin-walker. She can run faster, climb higher, and see better than nearly everyone else. Experiencing intense connections with the animals that roam the woods outside her home, Maya knows it's only a matter of time before she's able to Shift and become one of them. And she believes there may be others in her small town with surprising talents.
between the teachers union and the city, that is costing the city $60 million dollars in federal education funds. TN said at that time that the NY1 report allowed the pols to duck the important issue of the loss of federal education funds and the teacher evaluation conflict, while protecting their hope of getting the union's campaign endorsement and
Selective amnesia and photographic recall aside, Rebekah Brooks' stint in the forensic chair at Leveson drew attention to Vanity Fair - and how a report it ran back in February, on her mysterious rise to power and her reported peacemaker role between Rupert and James Murdoch as Hackgate kicked in, was (she said) a load of cobblers. Or words to that effect.
How amazing is the Gator cake??!! Huge props to Chelsea at Mariposa Bakery for this sculptural work of art! Marsh is a huge Gators fan and this groom’s cake was a surprise from Jennifer to him. Needless to say, he loved it.
“Hey, you kids ready to help get the chairs?” said my Uncle Manuel.
Religion cannot resolve this dilemma; it had its chances already. But spirituality can. We need to go back to the source of religion. That source isn’t God. It’s consciousness. The great teachers who lived millennia ago offered something more radical than belief in a higher power. They offered a way of viewing reality that begins not with outside facts and a limited physical existence but with inner wisdom and access to unbounded awareness. The irony is that Jesus, the Buddha, and the other enlightened sages were scientists too. They had a way of uncovering knowledge that runs exactly parallel to modern science. First came a hypothesis, an idea that needed testing. Next came experimentation to see if the hypothesis was true. Finally came peer review, offering the new findings to other researchers and asking them to reproduce the same breakthrough.
Get up off the floor! I kid you not. I wish I could kid. I wish my kid didn’t get in the freakin’ frackin’ accident. So far, I have found an insurance agency that has managed to knock $10K off of that quote. Travelers, your quote is to my new quote the Greek EVOO to the Etruscan EVOO.
Tonight I'm heading to the grocery store and then to get my hair trimmed. Should be a busy evening! Thanks for stopping by and I'll see you tomorrow with a fun little gift box! Have a great day :)
I am not sure if the next dream was connected directly to this dream or not, but I remember walking toward my grandfather’s yard and maybe someone called me to ask me to check my grandfather’s house; because a few strange automobiles were at his house, but I am not sure if someone really called me or if I felt that something was wrong.
-Financial assistance for the kid
just reminiscence of fire,
Burned green and orange, framed by the coloured stone,
The inquiry into the sinking of Titanic put the official number of fatalities at 1,517. The book that my daughter and I read at the library broke the numbers down by first, second, and third class passengers, as well as crew members. Since Davenport was not on the boat, and did not meet his fate in the icy North Atlantic, he was not counted among that number. However, the sinking of the ship led to his demise, since without it he would not have been exposed to the elements while waiting for Carpathia to arrive in New York.
x Kerry
So let us see where this is going to develop into.
Last Saturday, then, was lady-bug day. This entails using a broom, a brush, a dirt devil, the manual hose of the sweeper, and any other means possible to get deceased ladybugs out of the gaps between the carpet and the baseboards, and in every other crevice they manage to squeeze into. I spent a good 90 minutes on Saturday morning moving furniture and doing intense cranny-vacuuming.
"No they were on the table at the hostel. You didn't grab them?"
Even if the Brooklyn Paper has been covering Atlantic Yards less aggressively, it won't fall into the "brutally weird" reporting of the Courier-Life's Witt, would it?
PHP, as it has come to be known, has been a dream of Shore Drive citizens and one of the priorities of the city’s open-space acquisition plan for a decade.
It's as simple as that. Remember your post can be from any day of the week, it doesn't have to be today. We all love feedback so if you have a moment please leave a comment on some of the KCCO posts you may visit. I know your comments really motivate me! Now please share and inspire us all!
The American woodcock is still enjoying the fields and open sky at dawn and dusk . . . I so enjoy trying to catch a glimpse of him and hearing his mating wing song.
Mon (yoga/bkgrp) Saag Allo leftovers for 1
Hermes Birkin Bag
Dr Maroon!
In 325 CE, the Nicene Creed was written…
I love this warning. Not only because it vaguely alerts us to the fact that Romanians are worrisome, but dutifully reminds us that ALL sightings are to be reported. All. For any reason. You know, just in case.
There are constant reminders around me that these are the good ol' days and that they are going to go by so fast. I'm going to miss it. And they are all right. I am. I am so going to miss it.
But it satisfies an idle sort of curiosity. It doesn't even begin to compare with reading Emma or Jane Eyre or listening to The Hymn of Jesus (better yet, singing it). It's part of the passion for biography which now seems to be an accepted way of shedding light on the works of a creative person. I read them just as much as anyone else does and sometimes I wish I hadn't. I could have done without knowing that Proust drive long pins into live rats - the only fact that sticks in my mind from George Painter's biography.
Session 4, early Saturday evening, will offer a keynote speaker to wrap things up, as well as some extended worship.
In the 2011 I managed to improve my blog. I decided it was time to have sponsors, the cost would be minimal, as a collaboration mutual with designers, photographers, bloggers, etc. if you want to be in my blog, can send me an email: ruzu3alam@gmail.com
In college, I collected rare, old books but they needed special care and I eventually ran out of room to store them. And I ran out of time to seek them out as time went on.
Vanessa: Maybe we should Google every picture of Colin Farrel we can find and-
permanent disabilities as a result.
Sunday morning dawned damp - however MrVV & I were determined to do what we'd planned - again the right clothes were needed - never have I worn waterproofs and walking boots so much in May!! We headed out cross country to the car boot sale - I wanted to snap the fields of gold that are around here at the moment - they make me sneeze but are oh so pretty;
Feb 16 2:50-3:40 Make-up Class with Rosal (SHB-320)
The rules: (Which I'm sure everyone knows by now!)
When a lender decides to make a loan and deliver that loan to the investors such as FNMA/FHLMC; they have to provide some evidence to off set the risk factors before these loans are eligible to deliver to them. For instance if you have a middle representative score which is 650, (older credit issues which are isolated) and your loan to value if 90% but the borrower will have 50k in savings after closing which can be liquidated; this is considered an offset for approving the 650 score.
If you have this cookbook, you can make brownies and stuff. Doesn't that picture make you want brownies? (The one in the picture is the Fudgy Wudgy brownies recipe from Veganomicon made with raspberries instead of blueberries with some vanilla soy ice cream on top. Yum!)
4. Little White Cloud
I have exported it to a blog which is still called Costa Rica Calling, but which has a different URL
This cake is seriously my favorite. Next year, same cake, different colors...the possibilities are endless!
Hmmm.
Next time it happens, instead of the please-stop-grunt-and-glare I typically use, I'm going to say, "Totally dude, and check out that humpy paramedic. I'd sure like to ride his ass. Now let's spit and bump chests."
What I like best about this place is you can do “bad for you food” or “diet food.” I was going through what was to be a short-lived “diet food” phase at the time so I opted for eggs:
In addition to the Global Conveyor Belt there are a variety of great gyre currents in the world’s oceans. All the currents and their feeders, spinoffs and eddies have the potential to carry the oil.
Fermented in 100% French Oak barrels – 32% new and Barrel-aged for 15 months in the same barrels on the lees with lees strirring.
1/2t cardamom
Much of the hype around the novel has involved the fact that it was a Hutt-centric novel, and it is true, Hutt culture really explodes in Scourge, as we get bits and pieces of the Hutts all over the novel. We are introduced to four main Hutts in this story that are all different takes on the species in Popara, Zonnos, Mika, and Vagos. Though the Hutt that intrigued me the most only made a brief appearance, Parella the Hunter is a Hutt that likes to get his/her hands dirty.
In a large bowl, mix together the ground turkey, hash browns, onion, green pepper, egg whites, thyme, oregano and salt and pepper.
Tasting time finally comes, and Giuseppe’s pasta is too thick. To my disappointment, Max got praised for starting over again, as Gordon said it paid off. The huge pout on Suzy’s face was priceless. Tracy “nailed” the brown butter on her dish, and Christian garnered compliments on his dish from Joe. Alejandra got the biggest compliment, however, as Gordon said it was one of the best raviolis he’s ever tasted.
Something you might not know...but probably know.
$2/1 Wisk mq
Do not boil; we don’t want to risk curdling the milk. Allow to ‘just’ reach simmering point. Let the vanilla seep for more flavour, I'm afraid I was out of time so to be fair I can't judge the quality of the Indonesian vanilla based on this dish.
2. I had a thyroid condition that I could blame for being overweight. You hear it all the time as an excuse to not lose weight, and its not a good one. If you can’t lose weight because of your thyroid then your levels might be off still.
Please come.
You can imagine many farmhouse cidermakers just giving up, or alternatively just making cider for family and friends and others “in the know”.
Art and animation are suberb, as expected from KyoAni. You’ll have a few ’what‘ moments with the presentation (as seen in some of the screenshots) that I found weird in a good way. Both OP and ED are nice as well.
482 - Ed Farmer
"This isn't traveling in actuality as planned."
I am happy to be in New York again, even though in my country today it is Queen’s day, a national celebration. This is why I am wearing my orange tie.
Our next meeting is scheduled for August 19th at 10:00 EST.
To finish, I added some peachy-pink sheer wired ribbon. I had it the way I liked it for about 60 seconds, before a nosy dog peeked up from under the craft table, knocking it out of my hands. The bow went wonky and I ended up fussing and faffing about with that darn bow forEVER. So much so that looking at it now, I see I forgot to add the tails. No wonder it doesn't look right. LOL Well, I can always give up bows like my friend Squirrel (although between you and me, I think she's a right bit harder on herself than she needs to be). I added one of the punched butterflies with some pearls to the bow as my last touch. The finished card isn't exactly what I pictured, but it's pretty... and each card is a learning experience for the next one. (Bows with tails, Christy... bows with tails.)
iPaintwithiPhone is one year old today!
They just don't get it. We need to restore freedom of choice so that we may all live together in relative peace. Their way of doing things is obviously not working, and it never will.
Going back to the show, in all that apocalypsey stuff found in Supernatural, there are a LOT of demons, and the Winchester boys (main characters) are busy exorcising them and throwing around holy water left right and center.
- Breast pads. I didn't need these in the hospital, since my milk took so long to come in, but they were for sure a necessity after it finally did. No one wants to be drippy... and it's just awkward to be sporting the "wet t-shirt contest" look when visitors show up.
A He stated that prior to entering the store in a conversation with Mr. Selsor there was discussion of taking these people out.
Other artists were also let go of..
Wondrous Words Wednesday is a weekly meme from Bermuda Onion where we share new (to us) words that we’ve encountered in our reading. If you want to play along, grab the button, and write a post.
Just So You Know...We have had 3 earthquakes this week all in different parts of the country. Seems Mother Earth thinks of us as a parasite and I can't say that I blame her.
5 pm – 7 pm Shane Wilson, Swamper’s – Inside Marriott Shoals, Florence. Free, Contact: 256-246-3600
I would like to say a huge thank you to Zoe and her team for inviting me to play along for this challenge!!
Most importantly, Axel Crowe has an iPhone with an astrology app. When he arrives on a scene, he checks the current transits. He can guess a suspect’s rising sign with uncanny accuracy, and thus also derives a natal horoscope to check out character and alibis. As it turns out, the murder he’s investigating took place when Scorpio was rising, hence the title. Most people associate Scorpio with death, sex, and the dark side, and much of this book’s content provides ample fulfillment of this connection.
Onto Congress!
One of the victims, Mary Reiner, got her capsules from a hospital where she had just given birth. Those capsules were "unit-packaged," ie: she got a blister pack or something similar with eight pills. She did not purchase a bottle from a store like the other victims, a critically important detail. The tainted capsules were thus in a hospital supply chain, and not just in retail stores, which changes everything. The killer would have to be a little more sophisticated than the "profile" suggests.
We’ve been talking about getting a puppy for ages, but the time just seems right. We’re still talking about it, but things are looking good. Hubby found a few puppies at a local shelter – German Shepard/Spitz mix and they’re really cute. We’re going to be going to look at them on Tuesday so we’ll see!
Recently, someone told me they were water baptized as part of their salvation experience.
I know a little chap who got an F in algebra because to the question "how much are 1 and 1", he would obstinately answer "1". So his mother, a bit bewildered and asking herself if he was not a bit slow, turned to him holding a tennis ball, then a second one, and asked him: "So now, this ball plus this ball, how many balls in the hands?, and he answered : "Two, of course! But that was not the question that the teacher asked! She did not say how much are 1 plus 1, she asked how much are 1 and 1! Yet 1 and 1 is 1 mom, just like you and you is you, and moreover, you and you doesn't mean anything since it is already all of you in you! The little chap had already understood what One is and what a transcendental is! In fact, I have oft noticed that children are much better metaphysicians than many adults who are perverted in their intelligence. This is the spirit of youth which we hear of here and there, which is not infantilism. The child always seeks the "why" of things, and he is right to do so, for that's really all that is interesting, whereas the adult does not cease to bog himself down in the "how" of things. It is the adult who is infantile!
Lars von Trier, Dogville
It was difficult to spend much time on the computer when my mom was here because she needed a bit more companionship and she had to eat something every couple of hours because of her diabetes, to keep everything regulated. I tried to meet her whims (all reasonable) but she had some funny cravings that kept me busy. Guess I may have spoiled her but that's okay.
The provisions of this act are intended to create a system for distribution that shall include the fixing of prices for liquor and alcohol and controls placed on prices for malt and brewed beverages, and each of which shall be construed as integral to the preservation of the system, without which system the Commonwealth's control of the sale of liquor and alcohol and malt and brewed beverages and the Commonwealth's promotion of its policy of temperance and responsible conduct with respect to alcoholic beverages would not be possible.
It said approximately 80 million net new jobs would be needed over the next two years to get back to pre-crisis employment levels.
And in the village of Valencia a teen girl is brutally chopped to death.
Mother’s will be feted by Patina Catering in the Blue Ribbon Garden at the gleaming Disney Concert Hall in Downtown Los Angeles. Macadamia nut French toast, cornmeal flapjacks, Atlantic salmon paillard, roasted lemon chicken, and several variations on eggs will be complimented by a plethora of salads, breakfast pastries and desserts. Mom receives a complimentary glass of Champagne.
“I knew a lot about freedom, you insignificant flea!” She countered coldly. “I was given command of all the forces occupying this miserable piece of land you once called the United States of America! I had more power and free will than you could’ve ever imagined. And I used it to exterminate hoards of your kind–sometimes out of sheer pleasure. But I did it mostly because I was ordered to, not because it was something I had a problem with my conscience. My kind–as you have put it–see you as a fucking obstacle whose only fate in the whole universe is to be expunged from the face of the planet, so that mere machine intelligence constructs like myself could rule without question.” Turning her back on them and on Kenneth, she finished with, “I’m leaving. And the rest of you can go straight to hell for all I care. I thought I could save you from your own demise, but I was sadly mistaken. There is nothing left for me to hold onto.”
After Sunday’s wake-up call to the difficulty of finding food I can eat made by others outside of my house, I’ve gone shopping and made some food. Sadly there was no picture of breakfast, but I’ll tell you about it: 2 warmed sprouted corn tortillas topped with purple kale and scrambled eggs with fresh parsley. Since I had no salsa or tomatoes on hand, I heated some bean soup and put a little of that on top and had the rest of the soup in a bowl. It was pretty tasty. I missed the plain yogurt I would have topped my tostadas with.
or translations?
Rule 6: Use a System of Reminders...
On 30 September 1965, Sukarno’s Presidential Guard soldiers executed six ‘trouble-making’ senior army generals, inciting a series of events which eventually led to his overthrow. Life became uncertain for Sukarno.
That is a pretty big list and you could probably start with fewer markers. If I were choosing just a few from each color family I would start with the lighter/medium colors first. You can keep layering on color to deepen shading or even use a grey for deeper shades. Then as you build up your collection, add in those darker colors.
Well, for me, as I looked at the pamphlet in my hand, I saw the answer to that question. It was in the name.
From prejudice, hatred and scorn,
However, some voices had raised other angles. Nik Cohn (1969) was not only one of the first rock writers but has become a lasting influence. He wrote for magazines and newspapers in the mid-sixties and issued a book on rock in 1969, before his American colleagues. Here Cohn localises his own point of departure in Belfast Northern Ireland in the late fifties, where he as a protestant teenage misfit is drawn towards the catholic teddy boys from the slums. For Cohn it is a revelation to see those social losers defy their fate through posing as winning rockers. Later, Dave Marsh(1983) followed this thread through devoting himself to the study of the Who and their point of departure in Shepherds Bush in London. Lester Bangs,who was probably the most influential rock critic of the seventies, lended his ear to many types of music,writing in 1970:
The dilemma, called the “faint young sun paradox,” has been know about since the 1950s and was popularized by Carl Sagan. Geochemists and solar physicists have wrestled for answers all these years.
I'm not normally this glum, thank goodness. I don't like feeling this way at all—it's tiring and it makes it harder to accomplish anything. There's still some chocolate-filled bonbons in the refrigerator. Time to have a couple, I think.
My first fundraiser is going to be a PartyLite fundraiser. I am so excited about this one because it seems pretty easy! I’ll share more once it gets started!
Side table / ottoman - Calypso by Target. Cost : $50 (used completion discount plus 5% credit card discount).
A friend in Mobile reported that because of these payment delays, not a single ENT (Ear-Nose-and Throat surgeon) in her county would accept a new child patient with Medicaid. In Mobile, one of the largest cities in our state, doctors will have to send children out of town for care. Still, while we drank our coffee, we were smiling, hopeful that when our lawmakers heard about this, they would do something.
Traits that are neither useful nor harmful can become less prevalent in a population over time, but that’s not natural selection. That can happen by a process called genetic drift. Removal of a trait from a population by genetic drift is something that can happen by chance, but it’s not something that “tends” to happen. There’s no reason expect genetic drift to “dispense with” a particular unneeded trait.
Due to the shortened holiday week (July 1st, Canada Day & July 4th US Independence Day) I’ll be taking a long weekend so this week’s sentiment overview includes data as of Thursday. If material changes arrive on Friday I’ll update it to reflect that.
Pour pasta mixture into a 3 quart casserole dish, then top with slices of Field Roast Sausage. Place the rest of the Mozzarella Teese around the top in slices or small chunks. Loosely cover with foil, then bake for about 20-25 minutes until Teese is gooey and melty.
I don’t even feel like writing any of this down.
'O ye wheels,' (breaking out in a mad moaning)
VL: We’ve included a number of works from our permanent collection, as well as some really notable recent acquisitions. I am also very proud to have been able to get some extraordinary loans for this show, including the Codex Nuttall from the British Museum and the Codex Selden from the Bodleian Library at Oxford University. The Codex Nuttall tells the story of a culture hero of the Mixtecs known as Lord Eight Deer. The story of his rival is told in the other codex, and, interestingly, that protagonist is a female named Lady Six Monkey. The Codex Nuttall is probably one of the first manuscripts to travel to Europe after the arrival of the Spanish, and it hasn’t crossed the Atlantic since—until now. This is the first time it will appear on U.S. soil.
The lapsed retro Pineapple series, the shortage of before and after renovation reveals, the less-than-professional iPhone photography, the poor grasp of social media networking, the paucity of shirtless Jason shots, not replying to every single comment... so many things to forgive.
Had to laugh the other day. Driving up Commonwealth Avenue towards Parliament House, and there’s a ratty old Holden Commodore parked on the median strip, a gaggle of young guys standing glumly around. The car had obviously been in a recent shunt, because the front end was slightly bent, bonnet buckled, bumper missing. But obviously drivable, because the bonnet was held on by about a kilometre of duct tape. Checking under the hood would be a major (and expensive) exercise.
I don’t have a big attention span so I’ve never been good at practicing at home. I’m constantly asking people what songs they want to hear, and if they want to hear something I haven’t played before I am quite good at picking it out. I still don’t know the names of many chords yet, though obviously I know the main ones. I still base my knowledge of guitar playing in my inner musical language.
Ignore my wrinkly tights. It was the end of the day and I had been fidgeting in my seat. If you own a pair of slip on Vans you will know how bloody comfy they are. Like slippers! It was the fact these had hippos on them that cinched it for me. I got them many moons ago, before I even went to University, but they have stood the test of time well!
We headed back and continued in the other direction past the trailers so we could reach this big bridge a short distance away.
When all was said and done and the clock was bridging midnight my quilt top was done. A quick press I could feel good about the finished product. Now it is morning, much earlier than I would like to be up (almost 8 am :) and I should be getting the back prepped. In a minute. I can't wait to show you this one. Even through all the blood, sweat and tears (there was a little of each) I think it's my favorite of the new patterns. I'm calling is RIVIERA. I hope you like it as much as I do.
seems to me there's a lot to be excited about. It's lighter and just a bit
The entire Obama candidacy is about what I call a Racial Rorschach Test. The first phase were those idiotic articles about whether Obama was ' Black enough' for Black folks, which was insane, and off the point. Once that dog didn't hunt, we finally got around to whom the 'Black enough' test was really about, and that was White folk. While they're still mulling around this question and deciding whether to deal with it or not, we've got a new angle to this test.
The criminal trial for Representative Terrill is expected to be drawn out over several months. With the House convening today for Organizational Day and the full session beginning the first Monday in February, Terrill will be voting on legislation without being cleared of the charges of impropriety.
But orcs are mostly a race of hardened warriors, valuing their honor more highly then their own life. To die honorably is the greatest accomplishment an orc can hope for, and to live in dishonor affects not only them but reflects on their family and their clan. This pride was part of their downfall, but also is a major part of their tenacity and rebuilding.
I don't know about you, but I've NEVER been fascinated with poo. Since I don't remember anything about my own toilet training, I assume that the four or five years it took to fully train me up went fairly smoothly.
Today, in part of our discussions I talked about the fact that we need to know who we are in Christ and operate according to the royalty we are. We have the full authority and power of Jesus. I mentioned that it even says that those who are followers of Christ will be able to do everything and even more than Jesus had done (John 14:12). So then, to make it practical I asked, “How many of you have prayed for the sick and seen them get well.” A few raised their hands. “Great,” I responded, “that means you are walking in royalty. You are doing what Jesus did.” So then I ventured further in my questioning, expecting a negative reply, and said, “How many of you have raised the dead?”
And that makes me happy.
I am thankful that I have a yard with plenty of space and sun, for relaxing, playing, and growing food for my family.
The Battle: Both When We Were Executioners and Eyes Like Leaves are secondary world fantasies written in a literary style, and both open with a series of flashbacks. Both authors strive to write in an elegant fashion, but in When We Were Executioners, McDermott's efforts at stylish writing often fall flat. He has, for instance, an unfortunate habit of repetition -- the opening line of the book, "I dream of dead men," is repeated five times in the first four pages, and it's just not a good enough line to carry that off. McDermott's choice of language tends to come across as self-conscious. Here is the first-person priestess, waking from a night of dreaming memories from Jona's skull:
She went on to put me in a class with her girls, and then remembered I was younger than that.
That place where no one “wins”
The five minutes I spent with her in the living room of my daughter's Brownie leader has changed the way I will raise my own children, an impact that is immeasurable.
"I have therefore selected the following senior staff for redundancy. Captain Jean-Luc Picard, Alyssa Orgawa, T'Pol, Lieutenant Britney, Lieutenant Jennifer Baxter, Seven of Nine, Commander Jadzia Dax and Counselor Deanna Troi."
A zine (pronounced “zeen,” like “magazine”) is a self-published, small circulation, non-commercial booklet or magazine, usually produced by one person or a few individuals. Zines come in all shapes, sizes, topics, and formats. Most zines are photocopied, but they can also be printed offset, like a magazine or newspaper. Zines range from handwritten and sloppy to cut-and-paste (text pasted on top of background images) to artsy with handmade touches to produced on a computer with a professional looking layout. Zines may incorporate screenprinting, linoleum cuts, and hand-stitched bindings. Most zines have print runs of a couple dozen to a few hundred copies.
SE4D will bring students from Dalhousie University, Mount Saint Vincent University, Nova Scotia Community College, and Halifax Regional Municipality High Schools together to create and implement a social enterprise over the course of one weekend. Volunteers from local community development agencies, social enterprises, and educational institutions will team up with participating students to help create each social enterprise and assist in making this event a multi-dimensional educational opportunity for all. As well, through CEED’s Youth Employability Project and Education Portfolio’s outreach, many of HRM’s priority youth will participate in the SE4D Weekend as a means to engage a diverse range of individuals in this important dialogue.
Ransacking tips and trashcans,
32. Concessions Or Conveniences Part 1, 2, 3, 4, bases itself on the various versions of Engels “Condition Of the Working Class”, and particularly his later comments that by the end of the 19th Century Big Capital had given up the search for Absolute Surplus Value, had recognised the need for stability, and had adopted the workers programme. It established a Social-Democratic consensus, which benefited itself to the detriment of small Capital. The development of the Welfare State was part of its strategy to that end. It not only headed off growing independent working-class provision of large parts of its needs, but established its own control and regulation over them, thereby ensuring that its requirements for the reproduction of Labour Power were met.
American exchange student Kate Bordessa has fled to Russia to escape her family's hopes that she'll become one of the Proffered, human women who feed and mate with elite vampire warriors. But when she stumbles upon a wounded vampire in the streets of Moscow, she's instinctively driven to protect him--and feels an undeniable spark of desire.
These are the "Historical Moments" subset and they actually didn't piss me off as much as I thought pulling them from the packs. Most deal with wars and signings of treaties and whatnot but my favorites are the astronomy based ones! I've been toying with this idea for a little bit now, but I'm gonna make it official. I am starting a theme collection of cards that depict anything to do with Astronomy! There's not alot, but I know they're out there.
HERE was Edith Falls. The trickle at the bottom picnic area was nothing compared to the powerful waterfall and swimming hole we had discovered. It was so picturesque... I can't describe adequately how beautiful it was. There was a huge waterfall and swimming pools filled with sparkling water.
Nutricide (noo trih side):
Article 15 If different authors produce works in respect of the same theme, and their respective expressions are independent from each other's and are of creative features in their own regard, it shall be recognized that each author has an independent copyright to his/her works.
Ode to an Old House
Yet, at least according to what was revealed in the H-S article, the letter didn’t actually identify any specific areas in which the paper was “both flawed and incorrect,” much less slanderous. It’s not even clear to me who the paper could have slandered.
Sadly, THE EAGLE was to be the second-to-last film for Valentino before his untimely death. It’s particularly ashame since both this film and his next, THE SON OF THE SHEIK, rank among the very best he ever made, and it would have been interesting to see what vehicles Valentino would have starred in during those final glory days of the silent era.
Greeting Joey.. night or morning… I never know with you
Any comments are welcome!
There was little to keep the kids occupied other than the one soccer ball.
green is a wonderfully gender-neutral color, so it works well with all sorts of baby items. and it's naturally included in many of the books and toys that are out there. so there is pretty much no getting away from the color when you have a little squirt. and i have to say... i don't really mind. the little bronze horse above is my latest antique store find for isaac... something for him to play with when he is a bit older. for right now, it will just adorn a shelf up high.
Into this mix come the colonisers of late 19th- and early 20th-century Earth, which sees their introduction to lighter-than-air gaswood, but also leads eventually to the Red Wars and, unforeseen, the return of the Overlords, that sixth faction.
Two pink lines.
which made the room feel so much more grand and warm! We installed wainscoting to the cabinet sides and backs at that time as well. More recently we added crown molding to the tops of the cabinets which was the icing on the cake! All of these solutions were quick, inexpensive updates until we can really move forward with a larger kitchen reno project that we have been itching to get started with.
Rambo enters a small town and is picked up by Sheriff Teasle, played with redneck glee by Brian Dennehy. Teasle spies Rambo’s shaggy hair and army jacket and assumes he is a trouble making drifter. He urges him to leave town. After a minor tussle, he arrests Rambo for carrying a huge pig sticker asa concealed weapon.
1. A Soprano on her Head: Right-Side-Up Reflections on Life and Other Performances, by Eloise Ristad
4/12 Jill Hathaway at Down the Rabbit Hole
Make the gluten free pastry, if you cannot eat wheat. You do this by combining the harina pan, lard and margarine, and rubbing them together until crumbly. Add the eggs. Add upto a cup of warm water and combine to make a soft and pliable dough. For the wheat pastry, simply replace the harina pan, and warm water with plain flour and COLD WATER.
It is tradition for my family to have our Christmas lights officially turn on after dinner on Thanksgiving, which means instead of crafting I've been stringing lights. How Thanksgiving is mere days away is baffling! While I don't have a paper craft to share with my treat today, I do have another facet of creativity. With winter fast approaching, I am excited to test my photography 'skills.' (I use that term loosely.) During my first (and only) winter picture session, I had all sorts of troubles while learning my DSLR... snowy photographs are challenging. Throughout my initial adventure, I discovered that I LOVE monochromatic winter pictures. The mood is simply gorgeous. So I'm sharing a few of my favorites leading up to the first snowfall of the year, which probably isn't all that far away. Pretty soon I'll be able to gauge how much I've learned since, which should be interesting. Hopefully I won't cry in disappointment. (Kidding!) Most likely to see any fluffy snow detail, you'll need to click and enlarge these.
As the Spider, Gin Blanco is the most feared assassin east of the Mississippi. She’s also an Earth and Ice elemental but she doesn’t use her magic to kill or to give herself an edge in a fight. Instead, she can feel the vibrations in the stone around her. The people and actions have infused themselves into the stone so Gin can feel a place’s history. She uses stealth and knives to do her job.
After early published criticisms in the first decade of the new century, in 1911, the editor-in-chief of
Don’t get me wrong, some things are just common sense. Hey, you might not want to kiss a guy and then hit him with the “WHEW! That was amazing” comment right after because it probably seems like you haven’t kissed anyone in 22 years, and you’re 25. BUT at the same time, if you do happen to do that and the guy likes you enough – he’ll laugh that off, make a joke about it with you and keep the party going. If he doesn’t, he probably wasn’t trying to take it past that kiss anyway.
I’d recommend signing up for their FREE content as a minimum – you’ll then be one step ahead of the main crowd.
Let's be honest: I'm not all that creative with outfits. So when I find a piece of clothing that is creative enough for the two of us, I snatch it up.
Deep breath....and exhale.
Doesn’t revel when others grovel,
“If there is judgment, there is bound to be one party or the other who will want to appeal. This may drag on for more than 10 years,” he said.
would lead me down a track
The author is thus calling for mass activism by Muslims to institute true Islamic justice. And his call to “reform the situation” echoes the Muslim Brotherhood, which proposes to reform the political systems of all Muslim countries by returning the state to the original understanding of the shari’ah.
Anyone for Anya Flower Power requires something flowery, so I printed the flowery paper from My Craft Studio Back to Basics. The buttons and bows for the ProMarker challenge is fairly obvious, and the ABC One Paper challenge required using just one paper.
So, Clare and Isla both need to tell me which of my books they'd like and who they'd like them signed to.
We can think of hokku aesthetics as the “taste” or the “fragrance” of a hokku. It is the overall feeling one gets on reading a single hokku or a collection of hokku. In some it may be fainter, in others stronger, but however faint or strong, it should always be there.
"I know, Gods I'm so damned stubborn, really I don't see how you have kept interest in me."
Like all children he was curious about the world around him. I remember when he was just a little boy how many questions he would ask...always seeming to start with "Why" When he was about two and a half Tora and I were visiting together and I was nursing our new baby when Danny looked at me and said, "Why that baby biting your belly?" We all had such a laugh over that. When he was a little older he decided he did not like buttons on his shirts. What a trial it was for him when they wanted him to wear a button-up cub scout shirt. I think Tora finally got him a scout Tshirt.
If this finds your tastes pleased, let me know. If you put your own twist or have a recommendation for recipes, I’m open to those also.
Brand: Sally Hansen
Swiss Army knife
the curtain open
Rather than legislate abstract, over-arching national curricular standards for the common core, the best way to improve our educational system is to start at the classroom level, with teacher preparation that bridges the metaphorical “widest street in the world” between colleges of education and colleges of arts and sciences. Classroom teachers should be singled out and trained based upon their commitment to developing a positive classroom ambience and emotional climate; at the same time, the affective quality of classroom life must be enhanced in support of the teacher’s level of expertise in a specialist subject area.
Lucky that Charlie Drake isn't still around then!
As always, let me know if you try ‘em out!
The “Annoyed Librarian” makes some bold statements about Jeff Trzeciak’s recent comments about how the McMaster University Library will not be hiring academic librarians in the future. Most of us probably would not agree with many of the comments on the “Annoyed Librarian’s” blog, but it leads to some reflection:
Slowly, he slid the key into the lock on the trunk. He shifted it back and forth a few times, and with a dull snap the lid parted with the bottom. Dust filled the air as he opened it all the way with a screech. Sam coughed as a vile scent like rotting leaves hit her nostrils. Whatever this was, it was disgusting for sure, and she couldn't see what it had to do with Xenith. Maybe he was about to give her some kind of enchanted bow and arrow. Or a talisman. Something to prove they were good enough. But they'd shown that already, today at the match.
“Good gracious, she could have remained faithful to him in spirit while she was being unfaithful to him in the flesh. That is a feat of legerdemain that women find it easy to accomplish.’
04 - Rendezvous 6:02
blur wounded eyes.
Jonathan Swift:
The Mass MoCA sculpture is not the first wall Faler has created. In graduate school, she fashioned a huge, cracked one, and shortly after, a subtle curved one that looked wrong without offering the viewer the chance to figure out exactly what was wrong until they walked around the corner and could see the latex skin behind it that caused the warp.
It is sufficient to say in answer to the first contention that even though the Committee already had before it substantial character evidence altogether favorable to Anastaplo, there is nothing in the Federal Constitution which required the Committee to draw the curtain upon its investigation at that point. It had the right to supplement that evidence and to test the applicant’s own credibility by interrogating him. Complete Article
(BUT) You left me standin' in the doorway cryin'
First email listed all the games, in alphabetical order of course, letting him know he is getting some 55+ games and here, we will keep 18. 9 of those Son was given as gifts or bought himself.
And I'm guessing the reasons probably are:
Not only do we have new Cricut cartridges to look at from this month's Hello Thursday release from Provo Craft, but Robyn at My Pink Stamper has also released 8 new stamp sets!
but try to look at the good in everything...
With the questions over, Cabot moves off to do her book signings - followed by a mob of excited teens who just can’t believe their luck. Me? I duck out and head off for sushi and champagne!
Books – they’re a pleasure aren’t they? Surely there is no greater indulgence than to read a treasured old volume and re-acquaint yourself with the words that once inspired, amused or informed you? But what value does a book have today, at a period of dramatic change and when, for example, it is estimated that Amazon’s Kindle revenue will be 4.5 billion dollars this year.
This girl is ready for swimsuits, sundresses and flip flops!
And lastly you must display the picture on your sidebar with a link back to this post.
I'm not trying to scare you off from ever being in a relationship, but remember, that woman is a priceless jewel that God has place in your life. Don't mar and devalue her to where her future husband (even if it s you) cannot fully appreciate her worth.
So end of Ohio Boy date. TYO had been texting me for over an hour (and yes, I was rudely responding) and invited me over. I’m sure he just wanted to talk or hang out, so I went. Duh, I’m not that stupid. I am barely even in the door and have gotten as far as ‘hey, how was your…….’ and that was it. This boy DOES use his tongue when he kisses (thank god) and we proceeded to have some fun for the next couple of hours. Although things went way past where I wanted them to (or expected them to) I did stop short of hopping on his bike and going for a spin. Anywho, I left around 1:30am and as I was leaving, he utters the most horrible words any female who has just acted like a tremendous slut could hear. “I’ll call you”. WTF?!?! I turned around and gave him my best ‘i don’t give a shit’ look (which, in all honesty, I don’t really think that I do), but let me just say that at 6’7″ he is a proprotionate young man and I would like to take that big ole’ bike out for a spin. If I missed my chance last night and don’t get another one, then okay, but it’s nice to have a variety of bikes to choose from if you ask me!
Hay Group, the global management consulting firm, today released its seventh annual Best Companies for Leadership Study and Top 20 list. The study ranks the best companies for leadership around the globe and examines how those companies nurture talent and foster innovation in their ranks. This year, General Electric topped the list, followed by Procter & Gamble, IBM, Microsoft and Coca-Cola.According to Hay Group’s study, the Best Companies for Leadership create workplace environments and processes that enable innovation to thrive. In fact, all of the Top 20 companies reported that their leaders regularly celebrate innovation, compared to just 49 percent of other companies. In addition, 90 percent of the Top 20 companies reported that if individuals have an excellent idea, they can bypass the chain of command without the threat of negative consequences, compared to only 63 percent of other companies.
born: 1848 d/o Armand & Marguerite Celine Dupuis
Each performer plays a different person in each study and the interaction between the actors is stunning. Newson is honestly a master. Sure, the movements are stunning to look at but they add a lot to the show in terms of telling the story and portraying emotions. For instance, it can show people switching sides in arguments or the social status of someone (in the case of a woman sitting ontop of another. Absolutely incredible.) or their emotions. It only could’ve worked as a DV8 show because otherwise it would’ve been dull having people read out interviews to you.
To get a good product to the back pack relating to would like your options Any head to the mall maybe the webmaster retail outlet because of their totes huge problem Louis Vuitton Totes, but they could possibly lighter in taste a good individual.
No one understood at all
So this time around I wanted to do everything I hadn’t managed to do, almost in response to that somewhat dismal vacation that started in a dirty, smelly hotel with a used condom in the couch and ended with me taking a shuttle back to my college town because my choir director lived in Salt Lake City, quite close to the airport. Stuff happened in between, but what I mostly remember is the stale, cigarette-flavored tuna sandwich I ordered from Subway while said director ate at the Bellagio buffet (or one much like it) with an old friend.
MYSTERY OF PUZZLE BONES is the first book in the Adventures of the Boardunders Club for children ages 8 – 14. There is also a dog, Roscoe, who is a member of the club, and the dog is a key player, involved in everything.
I don't, however, encourage you to click through to this AP story if you want to learn more about Egalia. The writer has chosen to infuse it with much of her own bias: everything from putting the name "Egalia" in quotes (as if it's not a real proper noun -- you would never see "Bank of America" in quotes), to tossing out charged terms like "liberal," "radical," and "engineering equality." The writer clearly wants readers to find the whole idea ridiculous. Not only that, but there is very little about the rest of Egalia's curriculum beyond the silly-sounding idea of avoiding gender specific pronouns and a long diversion into how they try to create an environment that is tolerant of "gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender people" (something that is not unique to Egalia, but rather true of all Swedish schools). At the same time there are lots of quotes from critics, including from a University of a California Davis psychologist who had never heard of Egalia or any school like it before the reporter called him. The writer even goes out of her way to find an unrelated, ridiculous-sounding state-funded postdoctoral study to drop into the story.
Her newspaper caused an immediate stir locally and nationally. It was customary at the time for editors to exchange complimentary copies with other papers, even rival papers. This provided plenty of canon-fodder for papers of differing opinions to attack one another. Ms Swisshelm describes the response to her first issue:
The space and refreshments were very kindly provided by Deloitte (thank you) and hosted of course by David Gurteen. As part of the now expected ritual we then moved quickly into three rounds of speed dating which were of course far too short and started the most interesting conversations which we would have to continue later.
Once one appreciates what is happening you are confronted with it relentlessly, but sadly very few actually realise what is happening, it is, after all, what they have always known and what they have been taught to believe. They hardly even notice when they see themselves being replaced, not least in TV commercials, where progressively the average Briton is portrayed not by a white person, or indeed a black person, but by someone of mixed race, with the subliminal message that this is the new reality they should aspire to.
“How can wearing a dress be less scandalous than wearing pants for riding?”
8. I'm Throwing My Arms Around Paris (Years of Refusal)
ASYS – Amtech Systems, Inc.
If you are looking for a great pick me up to your Friday night showcases, I'd recommend these guys at Mother Egan's at 7PM. It would be a great way to get the evening started. You can skip dinner.
Thank You, God, for the miracles of yesterday!
I’ve known people who have taken IQ tests in the past, and whenever I’ve asked them to repeat one of the questions, they’ve always drawn a blank, saying, “Oh, you know, they were…multiple-choice things.” Immediately after taking my test, I was hard-pressed to recall much of anything except the remarkable sense of relief I’d felt each time the alarm went off and we were asked to put down our pencils. In the first test, we were shown a series of three drawings and asked which of the four adjacent ones might best complete the sequence. In the second, we were told to examine five drawings and figure out which two didn’t belong. The third had to do with spatial relations and gave me an immediate headache. A break was called, and we stepped out onto the street. Hugh and Madame Haberman discussed her upcoming trip to the Turkish coast, but I was still trapped in test world. Five deaf students walked down the street, and I tried to determine which two did not belong. I imagined myself approaching the two boys wearing tennis shoes and pictured their confusion as I laid my hands upon their shoulders, saying, “I’m going to have to ask you to come with me.”
The Huns arrived in Europe from Central Asia in the fourth century AD. In just eight years, they built an empire that stretched from the steppes of central Asia to what now is modern Germany, and from the Black Sea to the Baltic. They rode small, fast horses, and spent almost all their time on them. The Romans said that the Huns fought, ate, slept and carried out diplomacy on horseback – so much so that they became dizzy when they set foot on the ground.
Not everyone will understand you at first when you try to do something different in life. People closest to you might not understand your decisions, but it is your duty to help and guide them to understand why you want to do this. Take them slowly, step by step. At some point the y will get used to the idea, understand it, and possibly cheer you up.
I am feeling more and more movement and kicks. The first real kick I felt made me come out of my chair and of course Chris thought it was hilarious - men!!
Seth Miller is needing to find another cash crop for his farm so he can care for his mute daughter, Phoebe, more adequately. He thinks sheep, like Hannah raises, might be his answer. But when he approaches Simon with the idea of letting Hannah’s sheep live on his property so that he might better learn about them, he’s stunned when Simon vehemently refuses.
Chicken broth, low sodium from box, about one cup.
2 paris
In the umbra, someone is howling at the sky, eyes turned up, knees buried in the concrete. His aura is an atmosphere of equal parts crisis and catharsis, swarming around him in an aubergine hue that still manages to shimmer in the darkness, like velvet casting off distant light.
03 Meat
Last night, after a full day of dicking around and fretting and tweaking, I finally crossed page 200 in my novel-in-progress. I’d suggest we call it my NIP, but some people might get the wrong idea, so let’s actually call it my “work-in-progress.” My WIP. I’d prefer VIP, but I can’t think of a word that starts with a “V” that would refer to the most frustrating, complicated, messy novel I’ve ever had the balls to write.
Mormon coming over (usually unannounced) to get all Mormon up in my grill? Less than appreciated.
Each year since I have been living here, in Germany, I really felt as I am growing. Life in America I know I would accomplish lot more and would be working in my career field. Here I feel like I stepped back and is crawling all over the place learning how to walk and to keep my balance. Life is not easy living abroad whether one is alone, with family, friends, or have a partner. Everyone still have to learn how to live, but in time everything work out and one begins to walk stronger, straight, and firm.
So, Bev is smiling and will hold my hand again at Kirsty's wedding reception tonight because she got the jug she really wanted anyway.
But wait – there’s more!
Ancient Africans have always settled between the Wingfield and East Rivers particularly those of the so termed “Carib” nation. With the transportation of more recent times and under enslavement Africans in the Caribbean around the early 1600s constructed a new sugar monoculture. As workers, using African-centred knowledge, skills and experiences on Wingfield they constructed sugar plantations, cane fields, great manor houses and supplementary outbuildings, factories making rum and other alcoholic beverages, and rivers and forests with technological expertise gleaned from the African continent. For example, African workers such as the 312 explored in this research, with previous knowledge, skills and experiences of African river technology and workmanship were enabled to construct four dams on Wingfield. Three of the dams feed into a reservoir dam and from there technology was used to control the flow of water down the Wingfield River. The fourth dam collected the water at its highest point and served as a reservoir. Water technology was used to pipe the water to European households and also to generate for private consumption.
Our initial hitch is that someone must have wounded Katie, and this is why she’s bleeding. Incidentally, a few weeks ago, I read an online article saying that dying cats usually go to places where they can’t be easily reached, even by their owners. Instinct dictates them to hide so that their enemies and predators will not be able to take advantage of their weakened state.
This firth Diry is less focused than its predecessors, but no less amusing. Tubby leaves a wide swath of destruction, each action 101% justified in his mind. Lulu's reluctant participation (for which she accepts no culpability) is made funnier by her telling of the event.
The winner gets a cash prize and other goodies but the competition ends on the 24th of June so not long to go. Get your skates on and you may very well have a beer out there with your choice of name on the pumpclip!
A missiled nirvana
The unidentified person with the signs said he had two additional ones that were to appear over the weekend, including, "YOU KNEW, STEVIE. YOU KNEW." That one referencing Woods' long-time caddy, Steve Williams, who has claimed he had no knowledge at all of Woods' extramarital activities. The final sign was, "TIGER, WE STILL ON FOR THE FOURSOME? JESSE JAMES."
17 January 2012
All these are the luxuries and the dream-come-true he never thought
Aero – Make your iPhone look like Windows Vista.
That resulted in admission to the hospital for induction. My doc said that if she hadn't been on vacation, I would have already had the baby because she wasn't thrilled with the developing pre-eclampsia, no matter how mild it appeared to be.
Aren't they supercool? :)
Next November, can take this doctor's advice and stop the insanity?
I replied that it was also standard for people writing official reports to reveal their affiliations to those whom they wished to question. Mr. Wentworth was not amused. "It should not matter which organization I've been asked to get this information for," he huffed. "I'm beginning to also conclude that perhaps what the company stated in their defense to me is much more true and likely. That you made a phone call to a police department and then falsely reported it as a 'police investigation of the company' to shock and scare their authors into contacting you with their worries and attracted their most inexperienced authors." And why would I do such a thing? Mr. Wentworth claimed to know the truth: "I asked the company the same questions I asked you, and they stated that you had tried to get on their payroll as contract administrator and when they refused you, you followed up on your threat to post this false report."
So why am I doing this? Firstly my lovely grandmother died of breast cancer when I was only eight, secondly because it's a great challenge and thirdly because like every wild woman, I need the space!
I’ll give him the best present any writer can ask for – a re-read of all his books. I’ll be celebrating another birthday at the same time, as my prized Dickens Centenary edition is 100 years old today…’
I didn’t take pictures of all the steps because I felt they were super easy and my very smart blogland friends would know right off the bat =)
After a slightly hung over start to Sunday morning we embarked on a treasure hunt of a different kind. Since I got an android phone with GPS, the world treasure hunting game of Geocaching has captured my interest. All over the place, unbeknownst to the "muggles" -that is, the nongeocaching folk - there are hidden containers. You search for them following the coordinates given, find the hidden cache and leave a note that you've been there. Sometimes the caches have things to swap in them - treasures, of a sort. You take an item, you leave an item in exchange. And it's all supposed to be done in secret, so that the muggles don't find out.
At home you get to clean the yard up so you can mow it so your kids can spread more toys all over it so that you can go out and clean it again because little Jr. can't sleep without his latest lego creation.
Dolphin hunting is considered an important part of Japan’s traditional livelihood and culinary culture, and a practice to be defended against foreign interference. However, culture and history are not acceptable reasons to inflict pain and agony on these intelligent marine mammals. The Japanese government should instead support making new traditions that promote a respectful co-existence with nature and wildlife. Japan is a wealthy country and do not need to distribute or eat dolphin meat. Historical records and demographic data do not support the claim that Taiji can not survive without whaling. The dolphins are not owned by Japan, they belong to the world as a precious asset, and they are entitled to freedom – as any other wildlife animal. It is time for the Japanese government to put an end to the hunts and slaughter of dolphins, and to stop the poisoning of its people.
I can’t imagine bearing Saul’s guilt. Maybe that’s why so many choose self-denial instead of, “The Way?” It’s easier to be soulless than to finally see the pain you’ve caused to someone else. Yet, I too have caused others pain with my sins. It’s easier to cling to being the victim, throwing away any responsibility on your part than in facing your sins.
- miles davis - agharta - columbia records / 4 men with beards - 1975/2012 (lp reissue)
See today’s story at Sunday Star Times by senior writer Steve Kilgallon
Picture 1: my wife took this one down by Deadhorse Point. She spotted this buck running into the brush, stopped our Jeep, and was out of the door with her camera before it came to a full stop. The buck was cleaning the last of the velvet from his antlers, so she caught several shots of him sparring with a bush.
The orcs followed close behind the goblin packs. They hooted and poked at them with long staves cut from sapling trees, directed them along the path and kept them from wandering off, or running away. Each wore a massive sack of hide upon their backs. These orcs, like dwarves, could carry a massive weight and march or jog along without showing signs of strain. They wore swords, or stuck small axes in their belts, knives a plenty as well. Some carried spears instead of staves and jabbed their goblin fodder who squealed in pain and left a coat of greenish blood on edge or tip, a coat of festering disease as an added bonus to their spears deadly design. Most of these wore armor of a sort, padded shirts, or leather vests, bits of chain scavenged from a battlefield, a dented greave or metal gauntlet, some token of a fallen knight or richly armored man-at-arms. A small shield was slung upon each back. They bore the same design, a broken sword in black showing a bite taken from its edge on a field of red. These orcs were of the Swordbiter Clan come down from the northern hills. They stomped along on booted feet, thick leather soles studded with iron nails that sparked across the stones.
Scent on the air lifted, lilted, washed away, sounds drowned in ink surrounds, as breath drawn warm was held, the stars exploded.
You can tell their is actually is little love put into them. (:
PS. Has anyone else noticed the new, improved password doovers appearing when you try and leave a comment on some Blogger blogs? It says 'Please prove you're not a robot'.....which I obviously must be, because I have been having the devil of a time decoding what some of the stoopid things say. I just tried four times on one blog, finally got it right, but I'll be leaving a lot less comments in future methinks...they're just too hard for me!
“A body of research also suggests that the power of an intention multiplies, depending upon how many people are thinking the same thought at the same time.”
1. I love animals but to spend so much effort to rescue mistreated animals and to hate our fellow-man of any race, creed, religion and to know that 1 billion people are starving here on planet earth and do nothing and to know 3 billion people live on 1 to 2 dollars a day in poverty so bad you wouldn’t let the rescued animal live there. We the body of Christ can not sit back any longer and do nothing.
I got all ready – even put in my contacts just because I was about to take the plunge into a fitness class. If I was going to show up and shake my groove thing with a bunch of other people, I was sure going to do it in style. I picked my all-black work-out outfit because of course I wanted to look my slimmest. Yup, I was ready to join the Zumba cult.
West Bottoms FTW!
I’m hoping that withdrawing from those sites will force/encourage me to get a life of my own, to step outdoors and have real conversations with real people. Can you imagine? I can’t, not yet, but I look forward to it. It scares me, too, really freaks me out, but social awkwardness and the very real possibility of rejection has got to be better than the surface junk floating about. Heaven help us all.
The waffles for breakfast on Christmas is a tradition from my childhood. For several years we (anyone who was at our house on Christmas Eve) all went caroling around the neighborhood. The past few years there have only been me, my hubby and kids and my mom, so we haven't done it, but it's something we did when I was a kid and I love it!
With your ear down, little Alice never cries!---
“Smelling this fudge!” Isn’t it obvious, Spencer?
In a queue at lcc and it’s busy. Behind a smelling hunched figure with short retund frame and a disheveled look. Coughing and spluttering, hanging over the rails
Maybe I should stop trying to be
Application rates for BTO flats stood at 2.9, with the larger four- to five- roomers seeing strong interest.
That may happen
My phone started resetting all by itself. randomly switching off etc. I got angry and I wrote an angry blackberry post and got a call from their rep “helping” me out. Their idea of help is giving me the address of the customer care/redington. As if I didn’t already know that. Fine, I went there again and this time a different, much more polite rep took my phone for servicing and when i pointed out the lady who gave me trouble last time she said that she had just joined a month ago and didn’t know anything. (how the hell does that help me in any way?)
And I surprise myself by liking this. Going from rare to maybe ‘medium’ cooked. I find out she’s in Australia, she has Greek roots, she’s a teenager (I think). And two overwhelming feelings come over me.
i spent most of this weekend working on a recent photo session.
Setting:
I think I really did love him dearly, but fuck that.
This is the oldest computer game that has managed to survive for such a long time.
DAD: (Turns the song back on, but at a lower volume.)
Q: But what if your ebook predictions are wrong? What if the bubble bursts? Do you think any publisher in the world would ever offer you another contract? I'd much rather stick with a multi-million dollar company who has had a hundred years of experience. Publishers are too smart, and there is too much money involved, for them to fail.
8 pm: The musical stylings of Mr. Wiggles and DJ
The set goes live on the shop website at midnight (eastern) tonight!!! We will also be celebrating with an awesome Going Places Krafty Hop and giving away a set to one lucky stamper, so be sure to join us for more gorgeous samples tomorrow!!!
With so many possibilities, where do I start? What PP do I use? Do I stitch or mist? Is this title too big and in the right font? How come my pages don't look like everyone else? How do I get them to look that way?
And, as I sit here beating myself up for the Great Birthday Candle Debacle of '09, I am reminded of a story about a friend-of-a-friend. This guy, who shall remain nameless, was on a group vacation one summer in Connecticut. One night the friends ended up in a rather intense and heated game of Scattergories. The guy was on a team with his girlfriend who was,allegedly, giving sub-par clues. In his increasing frustration with her going-nowhere-fast Scattergories skills, his eyes began to bulge, his face turned beet red, and what started off as slight perspiration on his forehead became angry beads of sweat trickling down the sides of his face.
Wednesday was another short drive as we only had about a 2 1/2 hour drive home. After we left Eugene, we ran into rain and it rained pretty much the rest of the day. When the rain subsided somewhat in the afternoon, we were able to get our motorhome unloaded after our long 2 1/2 month trip south.
1/2 (14 ounce) bag of chocolate candy melts *again, I used the Wilton brand.*
I'm a list maker, so I love the idea of a list. And the wee ones love having things crossed off. We learned very quickly that one rule must be that only Mommy may erase anything from the board. I will take it off only when the item has been done to my satisfaction - clean clothes put away means that the laundry basket has to be put away, too, and math homework means the problems have to be all correct, for example.
So in the interest of saving some people a lot of time and trouble here's my list of ways to tell if the relationship is doomed. These have all happened to me or some of my friends. Like I said, you'd be surprised what you can choose to be blind to.
100g icing sugar
Sweet:
I was drawn outside by the rays of the sun slanting across the lawn. The threatening storm had passed over us and since I was surprised to see the sun, I grabbed my camera and headed outside. After taking a few pictures, I walked around to the front of the house and looked up and saw these incredible marshmallow clouds.
eaglets hatch from eggs to their soaring the limits of the sky. This experience has
- The Grove Singers / backing vocals
The next day I have a nice breakfast and take a very long run along the harbor on Lake Ontario. So long in fact that I was sore for days. But it was gorgeous run. Cool architecture on your right, and a non-Hurricane producing body of water on your left. Anyway, I clean up and whatdoyaknow, it's Beer 30.
years I really wanted to play electric guitar. I had no interest in
And here in a query, less is often more because your goal here is to entice me to read on. STOP when you have enough to do that.
It is amazing how this country is labelled as a democracy - yet it seems like so often small fringe radical groups dictate policy.
Seniors began their final project: Durable Presence. This project allows them to leave something of themselves behind through building improvements or outdoor restoration. Projects include native re-vegetation of our pond, compost bin development, meadow planning, art projects depicting the gorge, sustainability or local birds, hosting an Oxfam Hunger Banquet, educational signs and animal track educational activities.
Have you ever paced a friend or run in a race as a bandit?
I will be entering this card into:
Saroyan
This February Edinburgh Unesco City of Literature's One city- One book reading campaign was Carry a Poem 2010. See City of Literature. There were all kinds of poems and reading some of these made me think about how concise a poem can be yet how it often forces you to create the rest of the picture in your head.
Cheryl spoke of the trip saying: “I was warned before I went out there that it could be dangerous. But nothing was going to stop me from going. And I’m just so glad I did.
The re-ride flags kept flying, as most of the top five riders for the night placed after the re-ride option. Elliot Jacoby’s (Fredericksburg, Texas) re-ride on Shot Gun Willy (Holman Bucking Bulls) scored him 88.0 points, $1,950 and second place on the leader board. Third in tonight’s standings goes to Bryan Richardson’s (Dallas, Texas) 87.5 point ride on Sis & Stan’s Bucking Bull’s Zip Code. Richardson walked away with $1,170. Austin Meier (Kinta, Okla.) and 2-time World Champion Chris Shivers (Jonesville, La. (Don Kish Bucking Bulls) tied for fourth and fifth. Meier took on Facial Fear (Don Kish Bucking Bulls) for 87.25 points and $624 while Shivers stayed on Cosca/Brown Bucking Bulls Kick Butt for 87.25 points and $624.
But when he cried, “Don’t touch my junk!”
But humans do not yield to algorithms
THE CHILDREN ARE BACK IN SCHOOL!!!!!!!
They’re roughly the same age, she said. They both have two brothers. They both had spirited, big-hearted mothers. They both went to women’s colleges and then to graduate school at Yale.
One of the things one can really miss living in Bahrain is green. Bahrain is a central middle east country, this means you mostly see super tall modern buildings and sand. Lots of sand. It's also very hot and sunny here. So I am taking advantage of the weather conditions and I started a small garden on my window ledge. I put some carrots, some rocket, some coriander, some parsley and some radish. I decided to stalk the radish as it grows from a small seed into my salad! Day 1: I put the seeds inside paper towel. I kept them there for 2-3 days making sure to give them water so the towel is always yet.
The page writes: In the spirit of clarity, the British Museum wants to be unambiguous and accurate on this issue – the Buddha was born in Lumbini which is in Nepal. The Museum is always seeking to find the clearest way to put past history into understandable statements in the Museum, on our website and in our online records. Thank you for your feedback. Please be assured this is an important issue to the Museum and has been passed on to our curatorial team to establish where further clarity in the Museum and online may be required.
In Europe political elections are often publicly funded. And it seems to me that the only way to take back our democracy, or actually give birth to it from our current morass, is to institute publicly funded elections. Our elected official have to spend so much time raising money right now – why not make that illegal? And make it so that when in elected office, you can’t get so much as a new t-shirt from your Grandma without breaking the law. We need to pay lawmakers enough that they don’t search for favors, and make these favors illegal. And when someone wants to run for office, all one should need is enough signatures to qualify for funding from the government to get to the next level of the election, be this debates, editorials in newspapers, etc. And then higher up the chain.
But, I did manage to buy these groovy coasters in Vietnam to bring a little of the spirit of the water buffalo home with me. (Thanks in advance for not judging my jacked up coffee table. Traveling doesn’t leave a lot of time – or budget – for outstanding home design.)
One each 16 oz. can of baby lima beans*
DR MAROON: Thank you, thank you all. I discovered that if you disable your cookies in your security settings, you can in fact vote more than once a day. Being so clever I deserve this award because none of you little people were bright enough to think of it yourselves were you? Eh? Eh?
Wow, do I feel better now!
A Couple of weeks ago I went to the beautiful Frensham Little Pond in Surrey. Located in the heart of stunning countryside within Frensham Common. This is an amazing site of natural beauty. What is so special about the pond is that the ground around it is sandy forming lovely beaches on the banks of the pond. It is managed by the National Trust.
Unlike previous years, however, Apple has barred ticket resale, a move that’s sure to irk scalpers, who have made hundreds, sometimes thousands, by turning tickets on eBay and Craigslist.
And of course – with Evil Tears comes Evil Snot. (Remember….most everyone will wipe your tears but there aren’t too many lining up to wipe your snot (unless you’re 2….and cute….which I’m not!)). And me being me – having the Evil Low Blood Pressure of Dead Person – when the Evil Tears come followed by Evil Snot….Evil Super Red Blotchy Face comes.
On this glittering morn of May?”
Two town-hall meetings held then for faculty to weigh in on the project were poorly attended.
...Every day I go to work in Auroville at the Health centre, then I go home. "
"I really don't know why it is that all of us are so committed to the sea, except I think it's because in addition to the fact that the sea changes, and the light changes, and ships change, it's because we all came from the sea. And it is an interesting biological fact that all of us have, in our veins the exact same percentage of salt in our blood that exists in the ocean, and, therefore, we have salt in our blood, in our sweat, in our tears. We are tied to the ocean. And when we go back to the sea - whether it is to sail or to watch it - we are going back from whence we came." (9/14/62 Remarks in Newport, RI at a dinner for America's Cup Crews)
Quebec Premier Jean Charest badly joked about the student protesters outside rightfuly protesting the major provincial hike in Educational costs the next few years as he gave a speech about his legacy project, Plan Nord, a proposal to spend billions developing northern Quebec.
I was just talking with Jody over lunch about the nature of poets and warriors and warrior-poets, and we were talking about how the reason we don’t have any music, any good music in the last fifty to a hundred years in the church is because there have been no warriors. Men who are willing to die, men who are willing to fight for something, are men who love much, men who are poets and whose love overflows in fighting and overflows in poetry, in music, and…those are my thoughts.
We also have a small glade in a thicket of rhododendron trees. These trees are about fifteen or so feet tall. They get beautiful flowers on them about this time of year. The flowers are kind of purple in color. I like to go to the glade and lie down. This allows me to look through the branches of the trees to the sky. The sun shines through to me providing dappled light.
During this prayer meeting, Peter stood up with the eleven and said,
I also used the Scor-pal to create the rosette at the bottom of the page. Rosettes are super easy to make with the Scor-pal and best of all you can customize them for the size of your project.
“According to current statistics, 45% of corn and 85% of soybeans in the United States is genetically engineered (GE). Estimates of 70-75% of processed foods found at our local supermarkets are believed to contain GE ingredients.
More often than not,
where the breath inside its god
What Not to Do
allie
Now bear in mind that I didn't have the best of role models. My father, a suspected aspie, certainly didn't bring my mother many flowers - and we all knew that flowers were a passion for her. In fact, I have very clear memories of the one time that he did - their tenth anniversary. How my mother raved over them and dropped very unsubtle hints for more. I lived with my parents for at least another ten years and no further flowers ever materialised in the time I was there. Apparently though, now they're a little more frequent.
almost as bad as the Catholic Church
I've been thinking a lot about life.. Where's it going? What happens after school? How did I get this old? Am I living enough? These are literally the beginning of my 20's- I need to act like it right?
Stand Out Dream Sequence: Mike is sleeping on his bed, slowly, the camera pans back and we see Mikes bed is actually in the middle of a dark forest. Behind the bed, the mysterious ‘Tall Man’ watches over Mike as he sleeps. Suddenly, without a warning two zombies come out of the ground and grab Mike as he screams uncontrollably!
So, there you have it. It's not the most technical break down between the two gadgets, but I hope it gives a good idea of what is, academically speaking, my standard of measurement.
However, while comparing Windows 7 vs Windows 8 in terms of content creation, Windows 7 scores the point for being better. But the difference is very subtle which probably might not be there evident in the final release.
Something I have really noticed this week is how muddled my mind and thoughts are. Really, it is very irritating. I feel that nothing I read and hear sticks very well. Sitting in Philosophy is both a joy and a time for reflection and frustration at my seeming inability to retain information that just rolls off of so many people's tongues.
Just some regular lads. They had a variety of different jobs none of them were particularly excelling in their jobs. Some were fishermen, some tax collectors and other had occupations that are not written. I think that in today’s context it would be like bringing some McDonalds workers, a couple of bin men, a student or two, a few council workers possibly chuck in the odd unemployed person.
I dry my tears and I rise of the floor. I head to peek in on him once again before submitting to the demands of my chores. As I lay my hand upon the door knob, a voice I know well, fills my heart.... "Rest Mandy, I am watching him tonight." Letting the knob go, I walk away. I pray that tonight there really is rest.
I was also excited to see my cousin again, who I hadn't seen in years. We spent a lot of time together, taking our kids on outings, when we were both new moms and living near each other years ago.
If they weren't quite so gold they might have stayed as is. I'm not s big gold fan. They were painted to look like copper, almost, with the green aged look in places. (maybe it was just dirt and grossness:) But, I think it was intentional)
My husband and I went to the NICU to give Peyton some presents in the morning and he was completely fine. That evening we went back to give him his last few gifts, and were just in time to see the nurses begin blood cultures on my tiny bundle. They said something was wrong, but they weren’t sure what. Within 10 minutes he was pricked at least 7 times trying to get blood out of his tiny veins with no success. It was shortly after that they informed us that they though he might have an infection in his intestines and would be transported to Children’s Hospital in Pittsburgh for further testing. After a 90 minute drive and 4 hours in the waiting room, we were finally able to see Peyton. They told us that he was very sick with Necrotizing Enterocolitis (NEC), and may require surgery. A couple days later that option was a reality and my less than 3 pound and 3 week old baby was going under the knife.
“Mommy please, please don’t make me go. Mommy, the bus hasn’t started moving yet, you can still come and get me. Mommy, please, come and get me.” The bus began to move. And I began to cry while singing “Feelings” softly to myself, the saddest song my young ears had up till that point ever heard. Now, as I suppose I need to stick to my “one digression per post” mandate, I should also tell you that what I actually sang was “Felix, whoa, whoa, whoa Felix” over and over, as that was the only part of the song I knew. Why I thought the man was singing “Felix” I really can’t say, but no one ever said that shy children received intelligence as a trade off for their social ineptitude. At any rate, when I read the sentence that Jeremiah wrote, all of this came flooding back in. Painfully tearing through my mental terra firma and taking up unwelcome prime real estate residence for a brief moment.
It would be an understatement to say that my travels have influenced my work. I went to school in the south of France when I was 18 and lived in Rome when I was 22. Certainly my experience in architecture school in Los Angeles during the 80’s has shaped my approach to design. It was the hotbed of new design with the likes of Gehry & Morphosis leading the pack.
shake out my hair
My spanko mind must be entertained, so at work the other day, I brightened up when I saw the customer I was ringing up place a small wooden decoration on the counter between us. It read, "Better Not Pout". And I couldn't help giggling.
Fantastic gift box, that gives so much inspiration with WOW FACTOR! The chocolates are just a perfect touch with the gorgeous snowflakes used. The WOJ image is stunning and cut out to perfection. Loving the texture, bling and the twine.
Mari-an, hoping that I would represent the Philippines by out-singing her friends at karaoke, dragged me to this karaoke place called Pasha. A “DJ” queues the music and singers stand on a stage and sing. Actually, I was ready to sing but unfortunately (or fortunately!) they didn’t have the song I wanted to sing. Hah! I’ll have you know that I’ve been practicing my “If I ain’t got you” by Alicia Keys. Ambitious much? Hell, yeah!
And in fact, after consumption of a couple of aged-in-the-fridge roses(*) at work and then a couple of gin & tonics at home, I feel a bit philosophical too.
I love the idea of double skinny belts with the shirt dress. Pewter pumps make it that much cooler.
First, I think that the smaller we slice and dice populations the quicker the returns are diminished. Once we get beyond a certain point, we are just playing math games and are not really increasing effectiveness. Vinny Warren says his old boss once told him, "You can’t parse humanity." While Vinny's ex-boss may have overstated his case a bit (there's no future in trying to sell golf balls to tennis players) I do believe there is an inverse relationship between the granularity of our targeting and its productivity.
Our challenge is open to all players. Each challenge a random winner will be chosen, and the winner of Challenge #78 will receive a SCRS rubber stamp! In order to qualify for a prize, you must use a Sparkle Creations image on your creation. Most importantly, have fun! We can't wait to see your creations!
And those that believe (which means trust – it’s not an intellectual agreement) HAVE eternal life! And “eternal life” is not heaven when you die.
Tyson's parents came down for the day on Saturday and we had a blast with them!
On Thursday, I will do the same and review the material from last semester since this is a comprehensive exam. I will also be spending probably half the day or so meeting up with Siang to discuss the questions and material. A huge part of answering law school exam questions is analyzing two sides to an argument (actually, oftentimes there are many, many sides and arguments to be made) and drawing some sort of conclusion rather than there being a right or wrong final answer. Siang’s thinking is 100% the opposite of mine which is why it is good that we work together. We help each other see potential arguments from the other side we possibly would have missed on our own. Shoot, even when our rationale and arguments are the same, we can come to completely different conclusions. It will also be nice to talk some strategy with him. That test will also be three hours, only it will be much more rapid-paced with quite a few more questions ranging from 10-45 minutes. I have to be sure to come up with a plan of attack ahead of time for questions I am fairly certain will show up simply because I like to be thorough and the short amount of time allowed for each question truly works against me in this regard…but as I stated before, that is all part of the game.
Till of a sudden unlook’d for by defiles through the woods, gain’d at
supplications, that is, humble, earnest requests.
Like the other dream this was not a lucid dream but I somehow had partial lucid dream-like powers, and so I repeated this part of the dream and I started floating above the zombie-like beings so that they could not attack me; I would attack them from above, I would distract them from above, I would land & attack them & then float back in the sky, and I remember trying to remember cheat codes to give me and the other dream characters better weapons and/or armor.
Candidates must submit their works by April 20th. In this iteration material must be submitted via e-mail first so that a shortlist can be drawn up. Subsequently, artists on this list will be requested to send their originals to the foundation headquarters and the winner will be chosen.
Yes, http://tomselleckcsc.wordpress.com/ only got a couple of match previews just now but will be adding to it with blogs, season reviews and other general insanity.
Plus, of course one last recipe for 2011.
Jesus answered,
to leave me at the shore
In the meantime, follow Dr. Coleman on twitter (Astro_Cady). CNN is profiling Dr. Coleman’s training – you can read her blog.
Similarly, within your realm of understanding, and in many of our attempts to speak to the human race throughout time and space, we have talked about differences, or orders, or what you would think of as classifications of the angelic realm. Now, I want to say, before we even begin to address that, that we do not ever consider this a hierarchy. The human collective…. And if we are ridding you of one addiction, it is the addiction to think in terms of hierarchy rather than a spiral or a circle. No, we do not criticize you, we love you! So we share this understanding.
a vintage style cat lantern, a crystal ball, a Boogie Book and more! Price $375.00
I think the first step is to be compassionate with yourself and acknowledge that you aren’t going to have it all figured out today or even in 10 or 20 years. Life will always throw things at you that you will have to figure out all over again; and that’s part of the adventure. If you can identify a few things you want from life, then don’t be afraid to give yourself everything you’ve ever wanted. In fact, I take this more as a do what you want right now, tomorrow and the next day; don’t get caught up in working towards this far away future. You want to go on that trip with your friends? Do it. You want to move to a new city where you don’t know anyone for no reason at all? Do it. I’ve always believed you’ll never truly regret the things you did, only the things you didn’t do. In many ways, we are incredibly lucky to have so many choices, despite how confusing they may be. In other ways, it puts an enormous amount of responsibility and pressure on our shoulders because if we end up being wrong or *gasp* failing, we only have ourselves to blame. Well, they say hindsight is 20/20 right? Looking back on my life thus far, especially the moments I thought I was “failing,” have been the times I have learned the most about myself and have only reaffirmed the things I want from life. So I say, dream on, keep working hard and give it all you’ve got. But of course, I must remind you that balance is always important so don’t forget to…
As well as the players named above Crawley utility man and a reported target of Owen Coyle’s Bolton Kyle McFadzean must also answer to charges of violent conduct despite avoiding punishment on the night from the referee.
Sad news from Kirksville, Missouri. Word came last night that Dr. Michael Davis has died.
Now he lives in the Tenderloin and is looking for a nice girlfriend.
It is a basic feature of the democratic internal process of all political parties.
(Adopted at the 1144th Meeting of the Adjudication Commission of the Supreme People's Court on 22 November 2000; Amended at 1302nd the Meeting of the Adjudication Commission of the Supreme People's Court on 23 December 2003 and Entering into Force on 7 January 2004)
Alright, I admit to relying heavily on my electronic devices as an external memory to remind me about the “nitty-gritty details” in my daily life. I need my iPhone to store all my contacts because I can barely recall beyond five telephone numbers, Facebook to remind me about my friends’ birthdays and my camera to record visual copies of my holiday trips.
Scrappy Jacobs Ladder- started 2 yrs ago
To begin, pray. Ask God to help you identify the losses in your life, and record each one. Then put feeling words to your pain.
Over the next few minutes or so I listened somewhat stoically as my favorite hairdresser launched into the story of our first meeting and of our mutual agreement that my hair was a complete disaster. I was a perfect example of what not to do if you wanted to do your own hair or were too cheap (or broke) to go to a professional salon. "Come closer," he said to the class as he whipped out an iPhone from his fanny pack. "This is chica before and this is chica after P has finished with her. See the difference of what a professional can do?" he said.
After months of staring at the bag of black beans I'd bought to make the chili, I finally made it, symbolically, on New Year's Day. It was everything Esi promised it would be -- sultry, smoky and dramatically flavorful and hearty for a chili not containing any meat. I served it simply with a generous heap of Greek yogurt and cilantro.
And such borrowing becomes problematic if the money isn’t paid back, or if it is, if it’s paid back at less than full value, either due to financial haircuts or inflation.
Baba O’Riley
The Man is waiting to use our sole computer to watch some track meet. It's a thing. I don't know why. There's even some sort of fantasy element involved. (A fantasy track team, that is; if there's any sort of role-playing or masturbation while sprinting involved, I don't really want to know.)
Monday: Seafood Medley Pasta
more than 60 million statutes, codes, rules and regulations –
I have so missed visiting with so many of you in blogland- I hope to do better -
5. Alex Shaffer, Win Win – I’m sure there will be some people who see the movie and disagree with me on this one. It’s a very minimalist performance, but he’s a teenager. He’s a teenager from a troubled home too, but he doesn’t play that like the “angry young man” archetype that movies have run into the ground. It’s a naturalistic performance. Maybe Alex Shaffer (who was a wrestler before he started acting with this movie) only has this one great performance in him, but it’s enough.
Is laid before you
Mr Horwood told the Daily Telegraph said: ‘This represents a staggering cost to the British taxpayer for looking after prisoners from other European Union countries who are in the UK.
Another amber. "Boldly hopped" my arse.
If denotations are first layer content, you could call connotations second layer content.
Add the totals from column 6 in form 32 EF to the totals from form HD 34.6, but not the totals from column 8 in form HD 12 ( That goes to the totals from forms FP 31,2,3 and 8 inclusive) and multiply by the number of bowel movements you had last week.
Pomeranz, K. 2002. “Beyond the East-West Binary: Resituating Development Paths in the eighteenth Century,” The Journal of Asian Studies 61 (2): 539-590.
So...I think she is adorable, fashioned after my own little cutie....so I entering her into the 7kidschallenge blog for "make it cute". I also used the recipie from One Stop Craft Challenge of 1 image, 2 designer papers and 3 embellishments. I almost couldn't make it work with the 3 embellishments because I had the ribbon and the bling, but couldn't decide what else to add (I am CAS at heart!) So....I then realized that I had not colored the ruffle at the bottom of the yellow overskirt, so I decided to add purple stickles. What Little girl DOESN'T want a little sequin or sparkle on her gown??? Lilly Loves to wear dresses...and actually, if she doesn't behave, I threaten her with "I will make you wear PANTS!"
So then, although it is fair to say that Supersonic didn’t strike me as quite as enticing this time around and that Mizosely Folk was the one that triggered most of my 2011 being-excited-about-a-festival pheromones, it’s still a hell of a thing for which we should all be thankful.
So we saw lots of princesses, pirates, mermaids, ghosts, dragons and fairies - and girl gangs. Or teams, as publishers prefer to call them. The first person we met at the Fair on Monday was a pretty dark-haired young woman in a red vaguely medieval outfit, handing out dagger-shaped bookmarks to publicise a book called Graceling by Kristin Cashore. She was soon joined by a Daniel Radcliffe lookalike in a black velvet cloak and a knight in armour.
Reading about Warren Buffett’s early start reminded me of my initial motivation for exploring ways in which children can be introduced to entrepreneurship as an option for their future. My exploration was about how to ensure that such an option is visible to young people, so they can choose that path if it appeals to them. We can’t expect everyone to gravitate towards starting their own business, but they can’t choose something if they don’t know about it. Of course, we should hope for every young person to be enterprising and innovative in whatever endeavour they choose, regardless of whether they become entrepreneurs or not. Warren Buffett clearly found a path for which he had passion as well as ability very early on. Our goal should be to provide our children with the education, information, and encouragement they need to reach their full potential doing something they enjoy.
Marxism was fashionable and in 1938, Leeds City Council built Quarry Hill Flats to commemorate the Marxist insurrection against the government in Karl Mark Hof, Vienna in 1934. It was the largest housing scheme in the country and used the latest ideas and techniques. The flats had solid fuel ranges, electric lighting, the latest refuse disposal system and communal facilities. (The steel frame and concrete clad construction was faulty, and the flats had to be demolished in 1978.)
* Deman Tall - Just one little moment
﻿﻿There are times when I feel like gazing up at the sky and saying, “God… You asked me to tell you the desires of my heart, but what’s the point? What does it matter if You’re not going to listen to me?”
Say as little as possible to us. At the custody office desk a Sergeant will ask you some questions. It is safe to answer these. For the rest of the time, say nothing.
I must admit, iPads are particularly well-suited to the preschool market. They are small and compact – much like many pre-schoolers. They have no power cords to trip on, chew on or get caught on. You can carry them and plonk them down anywhere you (or the child) likes. They are instantly on – which cuts down on whinge-time. They are intuitive to use – kids touch everything and these things are made to be touched! No keys to bash and get stuck up with nutella.
“Fish food?” I offered, glancing over at the tank where Goldie swam, round and round in circles, disappearing momentarily behind some plastic coral.
“And also — speaking with pupils and students on the basis of religious philosophy! But not on the level of stories about Adam and Eve and so on! But from the standpoint of the Evolution of the Universal Consciousness! For it is only on the basis of this fundamental knowledge, it might be logically and clearly explained why we should strive to be in accordance with the Plan of our Creator!
The weekend is looking like I'm going to need a few drinks by Sunday night... So have a great one!
Now for our first example – just to check all is well. From a hardware perspective you will need:
Maybe it's because we are so much alike, or maybe because we are so different. It just clicks. I've never been more happy that he came back to that bar the second week to see if I happen to be still sitting on that bar stool.
light of Easter Sunday and still
"I think any committed mother is one of the most important citizens."
Even people who have been directly warned of what is easily predictable have failed to invest in responsible research of “due diligence” and taking precautions- that is, they have invested in losing huge amounts of prosperity, they have gambled against very unfavorable odds and then been surprised upon losing it… for they had simply presumed that certain investing strategies that did well in the 1990s for instance would do well, what… forever? People in places that have not had the severe real estate declines (yet!) of Phoenix or Las Vegas seem to simply dismiss the idea that it could happen to them personally. I call that denial. That is exactly what I witnessed in Arizona for the last 7 years as I have warned handfuls and then dozens and then hundreds of people about the particular instability of real estate markets dependent on “easy lending.”
56. Tao can speak English, Cantonese, and of course Mandarin.
During my pregnancy there was some concern that Goldie wasn't growing well. I measured small for my dates and had to have another ultrasound. This was the 2nd level II ultrasound for that pregnancy. They were able to get some great pictures of her heart that they didn't get the first time. The tech thought she was in the 50% and would be about 7+ pounds. Maybe if she had hung out another 2 weeks, but instead she was only 6lbs 1oz and 18 inches long. Her head circumference was so small it wasn't on the growth chart.
As it becomes more and more obvious that all experience is permeated with awareness or presence, the awareness or presence aspect of experience becomes more predominant and the apparently objective aspect of mind, body and world, that is, the changing names and forms, begin to lose their apparent solidity and independence.
There are lots of blogs with tutorials, but the easiest explanation on how to make the roses was from here.
What we really need is an in-depth analysis of the systematic causes of anti-empirical bias in elite discourse.
SUZ
Perhaps my favorite thing about Jeddah (and key in my bidding strategy) is the abundance of palm trees! Sure, they're date palms and not my absolute favorite coconut palms, but they're still pretty and everywhere and make me feel calm.
2 tablespoons (even more) butter
Flags
The majority of these men said they let their significant others dress them because they themselves lacked a sense of style.
Some things will never belong
“If it’s not normal then…”
It turned out that the road was very short and this was the view east from the parking area.
Thanks so much for all your entries into last weeks Young Ones Challenge - gorgeous work from you Penny Black fans as always!
Lembit Opik used to be the MP that had dated: Sian Lloyd, a Lingerie Model and one of the cheeky girls. Now after losing his seat in May he still manages to regularly find his way into our screens and magazines. I struggle to decide whether he somehow knows exactly what he’s doing. Slowly cementing his career and face into any media that will take it. There is something charming about his willingness to make a fool of himself but Something in the back of my mind says, this is an intelligent man not a buffoon has he has appears. He was an MP for goodness sake. Does he know what he is doing? Is Lembit Opik the next big thing?..
1. What jewelry do you wear 24/7?
Admit that He came and died on the Cross and took your place – that HE did it with your name on HIS lips because THAT’S HOW MUCH HE LOVED YOU
A 2008 U.S. Supreme Court case involving a voter ID law in Indiana, a state that also does not fall into the higher-scrutiny category, made it clear there wasn't anything inherently discriminatory about requiring voters to present a photo ID before casting a ballot.
An imbalance in our energies could be caused by something that’s either mental or emotional in origin. Long before we get sick, there could be a thought or an emotion that has not been properly processed, expressed or attended to. This results in a blocked energy somewhere in our system which affects the functioning of our body. We then develop an illness or a dis-ease.
Thank you for having interest in us! Hope you will like the new album (buy don’t download – remember) that should be out early next year. After the gig with Graveyard it’s a few busy weekends in the rehearsal then off to the studio sometime in november.
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAAHAAHA
Everyone must have Valentine's Day decorating on your mind because Gina's of Random Thoughts From An Incoherent Mind Valentine's Day Hearts post was the one most viewed last week. Can you believe someone who claims she can't sew made these? You did a GREAT job Gina!
The Storm Camaro has an American Racing Headers Performance Exhaust System – it’s what you need to exhaust the beast within. On this car is their 100% U.S. made long tube 304 S/S header systems that are designed to fit great, install easily and produce outstanding horsepower and torque. Recent dyno testing of the 1-7/8″ system with cats produced gains of 32 RWHP without a tune and 50 RWHP with a tune. RWTQ was up 45 ft. lbs after the tune. The system comes with everything you’d expect from A.R.H. This includes 3/8″ thick flanges with tig welded and hand ported inlets, merge collectors with scavenger spikes, 200 cell metallic substrate cats, OEM style band clamps, Grade 8 hardware and Flat Out Racing Gaskets. The exhaust system is all 3″ and extends to the rear axle where it reduces to 2-1/2″ I.D. and mates to the factory exhaust. Primary sizes available are 1-3/4″, 1-7/8″ and 2″. Collectors come standard.
To apply send application materials to:
3: Getting the flu
According to that chart, the 9th Division accounted for 31,135 enemy KIAs during that period versus 1,869 U.S. KIAs, a 16.7 to 1 ratio.
10. Presenting a service as premium when it is poor or available elsewhere for free or part of a standard service. (Template covers, charging for copyright or a listing on their bookstore page etc) I call it, ‘offering mutton as lamb’.
let btst n b = (n lsr b) land 1 let bmix i j k b = patterns.((btst i b lsl 2) lor (btst j b lsl 1) lor (btst k b)) let shuffle (i, j, k) = bmix i j k 0 + bmix j k i 1 + bmix k i j 2 + bmix i j k 3 + bmix j k i 4 + bmix k i j 5 + bmix i j k 6 + bmix j k i 7 let magnitude h (x, y, z) = let p, q, r = match h land 7 with
Reservations are only $35 including tax & gratuity. We've scaled back these dinners in regards to attendance - seating is limited to 25 guests - so please call us at (816) 960-0866 or come by to make your reservations ASAP. See you next Tuesday!
On Monday, my family descends and we make 150 pounds of mochi!
a third date does not happen!
The article went on to suggest having the patient committed to a mental health institution because of course it is “the best option for family and loved ones”. Because of this the study suggests:
In addition, Issa and McHenry warned DeMarco about the prospect of using HAMP funds to subsidize the performance of principal reductions, writing that it “contravenes Congressional intent with respect to TARP and HAMP.”
The Charleston Beer Exchange has decided to once again up the ante and launch a new program we are affectionately calling "Rare Bomber Thursday"! As some of you may recall, we have periodically released some our most limited quantity beers in 22oz bomber-style "growlers" to ensure the beer love spreads to as many people as possible. We only do this when the beer meets a strict criteria of being very limited in quantity and only available on draft. These limited small growlers are counter-pressure filled, just the same as many breweries do, to ensure maximum shelf life. "Rare Bomber Thursday" will bring this program to a regular weekly time slot of Thursdays at 5pm. Yes, this is all in addition to our regular "Rare Beer Tuesday" traditional 64oz growler program. At the start of each week, we will announce our "Rare Beer Tuesday" and our "Rare Bomber Thursday" releases in the same email you currently receive as well as on Facebook and Twitter. Nothing else is changing, we're just bringing you even more beer treasure on a regular basis!
Rover Jam/Night Flight
Wow. Two big fat peas in a juicy pod. These babies were such a couple that I just had to do them both, one straight after the other. Like two shots of tequila, but different. No lemon or salt. Actually, now that I think of it, it kind of is like sucking 6 full lemons down straight, such is my anxiety about this whole topic.
So much of what is happening to America and Americans is so frustrating to me, because the truth has been out there, but the sheeple (I hope many of you are not) just follow the corporate media’s daily “hardly any Vitamin D is really needed,” and their other anti-Americans garbage.
Two dogs can play a game and swell a chest.
I just cram all kinds of things in here and it all stays perfectly dry. Pruners, clippers, gloves, string and so on. It's very handy to have it right in the garden and not have to keep running back to the shed or whatever to get stuff.
Have a wonderful night everyone.
Talk to you soon...
It added that between October and December 20, when the men were arrested, they had been downloading from the Internet, researching and discussing potential targets, carrying out reconnaissance and "igniting and testing incendiary material."
If you’re going to one of the upcoming shows in Europe or you were so lucky to get a ticket for the Honda Civic Tour with Incubus in North America and you want to write a report about the show, contact me via Twitter (@adiek84), Facebook (Adie Klarpol) or E-Mail (adiek84@gmx.net)!
Voters seem to have expressive aphasia (also called Broca’s aphasia) which may cause agrammatism where the person cannot speak in grammatically correct patterns or other articulation issues where the person may seem to know what they want to say but is unable to get the words out.
ALE.
April Template Challenge - I am hosting the template challenge this month. Download the template, use it and earn points towards free kits in the With Love Studio shop.
Maybe there is something wrong with us! :P
I’m writing this entry to disalarm you from thinking that you have to keep your children away from the pictures that you see on the 5 o’clock news, as if the descriptions, and representations in the media of child sexual abuse are common.
I cant wait for 2011.
It is good for a child to listen to their parent’s testimonies. It helps them to know what one is and how to nurture it.
gets me high and heady
What is wrong with our world that a man could be going about his business and some stranger can beat the tar out of him without so much as a by-your-leave?
Randolph McMann was too old to switch careers. His elderly mother still hounded him daily about his wasted intellect and shabby attitude.
A righteous man cares about his animal’s health, but even the merciful acts of the wicked are cruel. (Proverbs 12:10)
a new Bible, or a cross necklace, etc.
"For the period between January 12005 and April312010, Jwara received R2299326,20; Jwili received R217454,96 and Makgosani received R230448,17," he said.
It was a great﻿ reminder that the best way to improve writing is to do it everyday. Just as I use the Daily 5 to help my kids build reading stamina I need to help them build their writing stamina too. I know writing is a part of the Daily 5, but at my school we are not allowed to use the writing component during our reading block, so it often gets left out if we can't find another time during the day to get to it. After looking at my schedule for this year I am vowing to give my kids an uninterrupted writing time everyday! I've got about a 40 minute language block so I'm thinking 10 minutes to do a writing mini lesson (and incorporate the grammar skill of the week), then 20 minutes of free writing (we'll start with 3 minutes and build up), and then 5 to 10 minutes of sharing.
So I appeal to you and to the politicians of this country: Stop the black-and-white descriptions. Stop defaming as enemies of the European idea every person who is not prepared to approve of overt economic mistakes. Let us have a targeted, realistic and solution-oriented discussion of how we can together make our Europe better. “Better” in the sense of “more successful.” Our Europe, Mr. Kohl, has been peaceful for a long time. And the basis of that is not the euro, is not even European integration. It is democracy, prosperity, enlightenment and wisdom. That is what must be defended, instead of gambling on the daydream of a united Europe, the “United States of Europe.”
Make sure you check the jars at least twice a day to turn it upside-down, to let the marinade flow through all over!
You know what, you don’t paint a picture of a kind of a divine progress, but more of people reassuming roles and serving on other dimensions. They don’t seem to go forward. You’ve even talked about angels coming back into physicality, to try an exper…
It's not clear how far the ANC's thinking about the hegemony it wishes to exercise over society has been inspired by the Gramscian model, but it is hard to believe that Gramsci hasn't had something to do with it. An Italian Marxist of the early part of this century, Antonio Gramsci was imprisoned by Mussolini and died, aged 46, in 1937. His works first became known to the English-speaking world in the 1960s through the pages of New Left Review, which was also responsible for introducing Anglophones to Merleau-Ponty, Althusser, Poulantzas and a host of other Continental Marxists.
Sleep My Darling
The capitalist world is now lead by the United States, a country with a secret police force and a military budget that many have correctly compared with that of Nazi Germany’s. This is why the greatest challenges fall on Kim Jong Un’s shoulders, as he is potentially a great leader with a youthful vision but of a very small state surrounded by a hostile capitalist world and a communist world that has reformed itself into fascism. Yet, in human history it is always the underdog that strives the hardest and ends up achieving the most.
Roots (inside seating only)
Why did companies like BP or Shell not make the shift into renewables? Lots of talk. But when push came to shove all this was window dressing. Why? Because they cannot make the returns in the new that they make in a mature business like oil. It’s all about the budget lock in effect. The big shuts out the small, so the new cannot grow in a mature organization. If by any chance it does, the big will do its best to close it down. The Innovator’s Dilemma! The people at the top are not stupid – they are locked in by the budget.
The newly opened Encasa Deli is not like its neighbours. It's a little piece of Madrid on Bathurst Street, smack bang in the middle of the CBD. Giant salamis - from Rodriguez Brothers in Yagoona - hang over a display cabinet groaning with whole legs of jamon, wheels of cheese and terracotta dishes piled with plump and glistening olives.
Happy Friday! The picture above is from after last year's NYC marathon!
To this end, I did not choose the beautiful silky black and white number I was drooling over that Muslimah in Reverie recently reviewed, though I think it’s really gorgeous.
Note: I recently had a chance to tag along to some British breweries with Jeff Alworth of Beervana who was researching for a book he is writing about beer: The Beer Bible. What follows is an essay on my impression of the recent history of British beer and the current state of craft beer in Britain. Unlike Jeff's book this is not meticulously researched but based on impressions, conversations and a few facts gleaned along the way. I think I have got it mostly right, but I am happy to hear comments, corrections and criticisms. Those looking for meticulous detail can go to the Brewery History Society and/or seek out the excellent writings of Cornell and Pattinson. It is a log essay and I have broken it up into seven parts which I will post over the next week.
The first time I scrubbed in last week, I got very very hot, light headed and almost passed out. My educator and many people assured me this happens.. however I need to eat more and/or drink more water. Ok well…. Can’t drink more because I will have a pee problem. So, the next day when I scrubbed in I ate some cereal and milk right before going into the OR at about 7:15. This worked. Like a charm. The milk cooled my body temp and was just enough volume to keep my blood pressure up. Ok well this is great. Fortunately I did NOT pass out and felt fantastic… but I had then eaten a little over 500 calories by 7:15am!!!!!! I hadn’t eaten this much in my previous life two months ago by 2:30pm!!! Then I get to lunch and am ravenous and eat somewhere between 500-600 calories.. sometimes less, a lot of times more. Then I am off at 3:30 and am ravenous when I get out to my car. I was getting home around 4:30 and just tearing through my kitchen. I realized I needed to have SOMETHING in my car as a tiny hold me over snack so I could think straight upon getting home and not down 800 calories without thinking. 90 calorie rice crispy treats have done the trick in the last week, although I’d love a healthier alternative. I should stick to an apple or something like that. Getting home and only having about 300 calories left before breaking the 1600 calorie marker has not been good. I have not been able to keep my total caloric intake below 1800-1900 calories. I am bloated. The last time I got on the scale i was back up to 149, and I’m too scared to get back on it.
6 Aug 2007: Becky Freeman, Simon Chapman & Matthew Rimmer publish The Case for the Plain Packaging of Tobacco Products on the Social Sciences Research Network. It is published after peer review in Addiction.
I'm sure you think I'm shallow and vain. And maybe I am, but I'm staring at a big birthday this year. One that I'll admit I'm struggling with a bit. The woman looking back at me in the mirror is not the girl I remember being. I'm trying to remind myself that the lines on my face are proof of a life spent laughing and smiling.
“I am thrilled to be joining the great talent and management team at Fox News,” Mrs Palin said in a statement posted on the network’s website.
So cross your fingers and think good thoughts, because this is going to happen.
and "Great to see you! Where've you been?"
As a kid I used to pretend my cats were a married couple, because we had one male kitty and one female, only logical, right? Not really, they hated each other and barely exchanged meows, but I could dream.
The poignancy of “The Paris Wife” comes from knowing that as you are reading about Hadley’s great love for Hemingway you know that he will betray her. As she turns Hemingway’s goals into her own, building a life around him, the sweetness of their love is tinged by the sadness of their fate. McLain could have, but does not exploit that tragedy. The writing here isn’t cloying. Instead the style is matter-of-fact and spare. (Very much like Hemingway’s own signature style.) Hadley’s adoration and admiration of her husband is very apparent, but never overly saccharine. There are times that this style fails to convey any essence of place or some ambiance, but McLain still manages to give the story the texture of romance. Ultimately, the matter-of-fact style seems fitting from the character of Hadley who is often describe at “steady” and “down-to-earth.” It feels like this is the memoir she would have written, and that makes it one of the most successful pieces of historical fiction I’ve ever encountered.
Having surveyed the development of the first few creeds of ancient Christendom, I will now make an assessment of the validity of each of them for assessing true Christianity today.
That’s Brittany Howard, the band’s frontwoman (and good god, what a frontwoman: is that not exactly what vulnerable ferocity looks like?). That patience in their playing and style—that ability to let a song bubble quietly along, the way they don’t rush to fill in and max out every sonic aspect of the song (you think it’s common to let just a bass line keep a song moving? Listen to old M Ward and listen to his latest: even folks who’ve been huge champions of understated musicality seem to’ve been lately lured into believing more is better, always and ever)—that’s among the glories manifestly availble on Boys and Girls, but there’s more to it. Here’s what’s been my listening life of late: I’ve had a playlist with the Alabama Shakes and JD McPherson’s debut albums on it, and both albums feature throw-back sounds, yes, but the thing that unites them far more crucially is how…innocent sounding the music is. This gets tricky.
Why a Marxist School?
Once you and your family are out of the house and you have treated any injuries, immediately begin checking the area for potential hazards. Just because the quake is over doesn't mean that you're out of the woods.
Defense Minister Mosiuoa Lekota, Deputy Defense Minister Mluleki George and other Mbeki loyalists are planning to start a new party and organizers will meet this week to discuss the move, the Sunday Times said.
The folks started murmuring in the crowd, just as they had in the wilderness but this time their murmuring concerned Him because He had said, “I AM the Bread that descended from heaven.” They questioned Him saying that they knew His father and mother and how dare He say that He came from heaven. He told them to stop their murmuring and told them that no one was able to come to Him unless His Father that had sent Him would draw them and He mentioned again that He would raise them, (Those that the Father had drawn to Him) on the Last Day. This is another insight into the framework of free will.
The Universal Psychiquazim Worship on Earth Day: Earth on Earth is Earth to Earth
the holy cup
pussy willows, white and white
Joshua of the Hitting Dirtside blog is a bad man and has passed on a chain-letter, of sorts. Having said that, he was very polite about it and besides, I love surveys. Thank you Joshua for thinking me worthy of participating, the compliment is appreciated.
Structures #10
Rhymed out in love's despair
Does it matter that I still think of you every day?
It's definitely hydrating alright. As rich and moisturizing as this is though, I love that the texture is still light and refreshing instead of heavy, tacky and sticky. It's definitely too rich for daytime for me though (I get oily throughout the day) so I stick to pm use. The Eye Concentrate absorbs super quickly and almost gives my eye area a glossy bright eyed look. The fine lines have definitely been reduced and dark circles have lightened up.
God bless us all.
And yes, I did a lot of research! I talked to town historians and read lots of local books. The best part was trying to find evidence of those actual tunnels -- which I sort of did. Do they really exist? I honestly think they do, but I can say no more -- I've been sworn to secrecy!
I made this jam for the first time this spring when the strawberries were fresh off the vine. My mom is not a huge fan of jam, but she fell in love with this recipe. I've given a few jars away, and everyone has either asked for the recipe or for another jar. I couldn't taste the vanilla very much in the first batch I made, so I increased the amount in the second and third batches and used vanilla bean paste instead of the bean (much easier).
