We followed our cones with a stop at the library next door, where we stocked up on Dora books. Then we came home and played in the garden for almost an hour before her daddy arrived to pick her up. We now have a ritual... we come in, put on our "garden clothes" and our garden shoes, put on our sunscreen, put on our sunglasses, and then out we go. Syd spent an hour watering her flowers and moving "soy-il" from one bucket into another.
I should note that it amazes me, given FERPA requirements, that NCCU places this information on the web.
Wow! This is really where many of us are. We want instant results from following Jesus and we want God to do everything we dictate in prayer. We expect our churches to explode with growth because of the latest gadgets and technology, because the sermons are entertaining and catchy or our plan has been proven by other mega-churches to produce spiritual fruit. Whatever happened to loving Jesus, following Him and allowing Him to grow His Church? Whatever happened to simply working hard and praying hard? Whatever happened to loving God and loving people? Where are those things in our agendas, church planting movements and training seminars? Churches may be filled (and even filled to overflowing) but I would submit that many of the people filling our churches are still empty!
1 language
My boss wasn’t there today and she is my best friend at work, so I missed her, but, still, it was good to go back and be with everyone again. There are some new people, so it’ll be fun getting to know them.
Wishing you all a lovely weekend!
- Continue to monitor and improve the community consultation process (primarily Planning Adv
I have written previously on a potential nuance which we can use when it comes to the English terms syncretic vs. syncretistic, which are both equally correct as far as dictionaries and spell-checkers are concerned these days. I would like to emphasize at the outset that these are potential “working definitions,” and are by no means to be taken as set-in-stone or as utterly settled matters–certainly, the Oxford English Dictionary knows nothing about these particular nuances, to my knowledge! I’d like to suggest that “syncretic” can be used for a fusion of two beings, or a seamless combination of two religious streams in practice. This is what occurs with the Afro-Diasporic religions, for example; there is never a moment of religious code-switching that happens in those religions, everything is a seamless whole in practice (even if some analysts can see where the seams happen to be in certain instances). I’d like to suggest, therefore, that “syncretistic” can be used for instances where there is a fusion in forms of deities or practices, but where the distinctiveness and difference between two things is maintained. This is what happens in a lot of the cases of inter-pantheonic syncretism that I’ve discussed above: Zeus-Ammon is himself, and is different than Zeus and Ammon separately, and does not replace Zeus nor Ammon. Hermanubis is another such example: he’s an obvious fusion of Anubis and Hermes, and yet he gets honored right alongside Anubis in certain inscriptions, as an acknowledgement of the separateness of the two beings. Serapis, no matter how popular he became, never replaced Osiris or any of the other figures from whom his syncretistic figure drew upon.
Michie CA, Acolet D, Charlton R, et al. Varicella-zoster contracted in the second trimester of pregnancy. Pediatr Infect Dis J 1992; 205: 191-193.
I use one bottle of concentrate mixed with water for ALL my surfaces. When I found one cleaner that did it all and did it well, cleaning became a whole lot easier. From floors to windows, one cleaner makes the task so much easier!
I hated sweaters, too. I felt confined, uncomfortable, and restricted in them, just as I did in my hometown. However, a sweater is a sensible article of clothing and, like the beige family of colors, is another element in the wardrobe of the moderate. So, the sweater became another irritant in my life, something forever being sold to me by family and clothing salesmen. Put all the elements together, and the worst offense imaginable was a family member promoting something like a "nice, camel sweater." You know what not to buy me as a gift.
Don't worry, if I didn't crop the above picture, you'd see that Travis was right by his side as I snapped a few pictures before we distracted him with a new task and removed the cardboard box temptation.
Jesus is the Word of God wrapped in flesh to demonstrate God’s Overwhelming Love for mankind. God created EVERYTHING through Him. Nothing was an exception. The Word gave life. God’s Word sent forth created the World and even mankind. Your EVERYTHING begins in the Word of God and through Jesus Christ. Your life is meaningless outside of His Love and Life given freely to those who will accept it. It is the foundation of expectation by faith of EVERYTHING God has promised His People. If you want EVERYTHING God has for you, it begins by receiving the Word that is Jesus Christ and “through” Him. But you cannot stop there and think it will be enough to open the Windows of Heaven over your life. You must know the Word of God. Intimacy is required. Obedience is characteristic of those who want EVERYTHING that God has promised. Faithfulness is key to waiting patiently in the place of expectation until EVERYTHING arrives.
I love all these photo exercises you can find on Pinterest. So I saved some to my phone. Then if I want to add a few more minutes of exercise to my day I can just pick one and do it.
Jobs dropped out of university after just one term and saved money from his first computer job to go on a spiritual retreat to India.
waarom en voor wie en wat had ik gezocht
Gary lives in Alabama with his wonderful wife and their three gorgeous children. He started out taking pictures for fun and his love of the art form has blossomed into a successful photography business aptly named Gary Franklin Photography.
Zero Tolerance policy is a controversial discipline tool that schools across the nation have implemented in the wake of violence that swept through the school system. From Columbine to Virginia Tech, administrators and educators were fearful and eager to implement a policy that would in their eyes once and for all create a safe and secure environment for learning. The question remains whether this policy has in fact improved school safety.
Preheat oven to 350 and grease and flour 2, 9'' round pans. Mix together all the dry ingredients (except for egg replacer), then add the wet ingredients (except for water). In a small bowl mix together egg replacer and water, then add to cake batter. Fold in carrots (and walnuts), then transfer batter to the greased cake pans. Bake for about 35-40 minutes or until light browning around the edges. Allow cakes to cool.
"Neither the existence nor the size of race differences in IQ are a matter of dispute, only their cause," write the authors. The Black-White difference has been found consistently from the time of the massive World War I Army testing of 90 years ago to a massive study of over 6 million corporate, military, and higher-education test-takers in 2001.
the song’s considerably more pointed than that.
That's always a tough one. You nurture the thing for so long and it feels like yours. It isn't. Part of the job is to know that you have to let it go and give it to the cast to give to an audience. Always a wrench. I've got today and about half of Sunday before I put it fully into their hands.
Those Covenant believers and congregations that do celebrate the Feasts and study the roots of the Tree of Life, discover great truths and blessings. They more clearly recognize Yahwey’s faithfulness and that “they do not support the root, but the root supports them.” (Romans 11:18) .
I've always wanted something I could do a lot to and then wear comfortably, and suddenly I have these ideas for lots of surface design on cotton interlock or jersey (I read the technical explanation of the difference between these--multiple needles in the bed, for instance, and it means nothing to me), so what I'll do is order some jersey from DharmaTrading.com for less than $5 a yard, since I have no need of the organic cotton jersey Alabama Chanin sells for $17.95 a yard. I'm glad organic cotton jersey exists, but if I paid that for a yard of fabric, I'd be paralyzed. There's no way I'd start dyeing it and cutting it and experimenting to find out what it would do.
But Jesus changed all that.
And … I shuddered as I read it. It contained numerous R-rated situations, and had quite a bit of profanity. And it wasn’t even funny. Or interesting. I suppose someone out there would enjoy this book, but it’s not me.
In these circumstances, our fellow citizens' right to protest is not,
Set a rack in the lower third of the oven and preheat to 350℉.
In a bid to quieten one of the above experts who had became very vocal with his views and opinions on Emma’s condition, the authorities threatened him with the removal of his license if he did not keep quiet. Sadly this elderly and brave doctor died from a heart attack a short time later. Was his heart attack caused as a direct result of his treatment? Sadly that is a question that cannot be answered.
A book trailer is a marketing tool you promote on your website, YouTube, Vimeo, Goodreads, Facebook, Google+, Twitter, LinkedIn—everywhere!
To make better use of Fish nutrients and its characteristics, the ideal is to prepare the fish with the skin and grill or baking it. Frying affects the absorption of omega 3 in the body.
You have nothing to lose and everything to gain.
Shaw Wallace & Company Ltd. Haywards 5000 Super Premium Beer
I have referred to this summer of 2011 as "My Summer of Nostalgia."
Facebook likes: 92,524
Hello friends! Thanks to all who participated in the BOYS WILL BE BOYS challenge. Some great entries were seen and we appreciate those of you who do our challenges. Our random winner is #17 Sarah (SassyUK)
Just as I was reacquainting myself with the nearest exit route I felt a tap on my shoulder and turned to find a familiar face. The face of a friend from high school, 12 years ago, recently reacquainted, there to show her support for me. *sigh* You know who you are, and you both rescued me from a night of awkwardness suffered alone, and at the same time cemented the fact that I could not escape. I now had no choice but to follow through on my commitment to bare my still naked and quivering soul to these judgemental strangers.
of useful feeling that makes you give a better performance when you’re on stage. Mind you, as a prolific writer and as a creative writing teacher I suffer from Constant Editor Syndrome and I have to stop myself editing as I read out loud.
SongFest strives to promote American composers and their music by inviting living American composers to work as “composers-in residence” as well as commissioning new works of music. SongFest, with generous support from the Sorel Organization, has commissioned 2012 composer-in-residence William Bolcom to write a song for voice and piano to be premiered at SongFest 2012. Bolcom is a Pulitzer Prize and Grammy Award winning composer whose prolific catalog of music contains opera, songs, symphonies, concertos, and much more. The song, a setting of Jane Kenyon’s poem, Gettysburg: July 1, 1863, will be premiered by SongFest 2012 and 2011 Marc and Eva Stern Fellow, Nathan Wyatt, and Lucas Wong, pianist.
All American New Year ... FOX NEWS ... 11 PM *NEW
There’s an angel, a guardian angel of sorts that appears to a character in this book. He delivers a message and then disappears after doing his work. Jane Mendelsohn has done her job here so very, very well that it’s remarkable and more. I can almost see where the wings attach to her shoulders.
pictured at top. It started off as a boring forever 21 empire waist dress that made my hips look big and showed EVERY line, and then I cut it at the waist, and took it up there to make it a baby doll. I used elastic thread, which gave the seam a scalloped edge I rather like. Black fabric paint for the design on the dress's left and the author of the book from whence the phrase came. Yes, I'm a nerd, but a pretty cute one, if do say so myself.
Funny thing is, I actually heard a sound tonight that I can only describe in the same way. I'm visiting my cousin, and we attempted to make au gratin potatoes in the oven. Strangely enough, within 5 minutes of putting the oven-safe dish into the preheated oven, KaSMASHo!
Although I went for a walk today and took some stunning shots of the beauty around me - I am not going to post them here - not today. If you want to see them, please follow the link to my flickr account in the sidebar.
I found out that the edible pen isn't really good with fondant because it's too soft, so it turned out uglier than planned, but the rest is pretty cute. My parents used to have their own pottery and I felt like working with fondant is kind of similar as with clay, I was a bit mistaken with that as you can see with the little flowers, but hey. First time and it didn't turn out a complete disaster!
The one-bad-apple theory is pretty easy to accept, but the corollary is more germane, at least in here: If enough of those kids show up—or if Patient Zero’s attitude spreads—then we cross the Pareto threshold, and the class changes almost entirely. In here, we just crossed that threshold, and I want you to understand that (1) this isn’t about all of you, just a sizable percentage, but (2) that number is way above the requisite 20%. Almost half of you ought to feel some real desire to change your approach before tomorrow.
*** ONE project per person please!
But poof. During a lacking-special-distinction work day, I stumbled onto a travel blog. The blogger narrated a surprisingly overwhelming experience in a place where you could get complete peace of mind and solace. I thought he spent his entire day in an out-of-the-way place. I suddenly remembered the swaying bamboos, wide plains, tall trees and freeborn bird species in our town in Candaba, Pampanga — a place undisturbed by strife and turmoil.
kale
* Decide what to pack in bags for the 2 - 3 months in hotels.
Writer Tom Dyckhoff decided to visit the town for rather strange reasons - a co-operative of artisan bakers featured on Radio 4, a grow-your-own veg community (I think Todmorden did this first) and the good schools. Very Guardiany - shame there were no sandal shops or he'd be frothing in his goatee.
Dogen on “Being-Time”
The Elephant and Wheelbarrow feast did not disappoint - after receiving our choice of a glass of beer or red or white wine, we were served with a Christmas dinner replete with ham, turkey with cranberry sauce, stuffing, baked potato, asparagus, cauliflower and brussels sprouts, topped with a generous splosh of gravy.
"It's never your fault," Mr Hollande responded, to which Mr Sarkozy said: "It's a lie, it's a lie!"
Do I miss meat? Sort of… I miss it more as an idea than I do in practice. I haven’t been a big meat eater for several years, but I find myself frustrated by not being able to even have most “Soups of the Day” or having to pick off the delicious bacon that comes on the top of cream of potato soup. (Not loaded baked potato soup, where you’d expect bacon). That was sort of heartbreaking…to fastidiously remove the bacon. I’ve been careful to ask beforehand now, because that was fairly torturous, and was certainly the closest I’ve come to saying “fuck it.”
Her manager, Lupe De Leon, said that the cause was complications of leukemia. Ms. James, who died at Riverside Community Hospital, had been undergoing treatment for some time for a number of conditions, including leukemia and dementia. She also lived in Riverside.
This weeks theme is Morning. At our house- morning is all about the sunlight pouring through our sliding glass door and into the kitchen. I talked about it in my last post too. Its seriously how these crazy boys- and their equally crazy dog- spend each morning. As I do the dishes and make breakfast, they lay on the rung, in the sun, and talk. Mostly crazy talk, to each other. :) I cant remember now what they were discussing when I took these pictures, but it was silly. I dont think it started off silly, but it morphed into silly as the discussion went along. Do you remember those days? When you were a kid and hanging with a friend (or your siblings if you had them) and EVERYTHING always ended up being hysterically funny. I remember. And I love reliving those kind of moments with my little guys.
See what I mean? Such a simple little act of kindness today. You'll be setting a great example and saving someone's car in the process.
There was a time in the 80s and 90s where if a person could hold a microphone, they could host a daytime talk show (or at least try). I loved these shows and I still secretly dream of the day when I’ll have my own (are you listening Hollywood?).
"I used tanning beds to get ready for homecoming and prom," she says. "In college, I tanned before a trip to Barbados because I didn't want to get sunburned." At age 21, Helland noticed an abnormal spot on her leg. It was melanoma, and the diagnosis changed Helland's life. "I really didn't know what my future was going to look like, or if I'd even have one."
But the FCC’s decision dealt with a fund for phone service–specifically the PRTC request–and one of the reasons it said it was ruling against the separate fund was its recommendation in the National Broadband Plan to transition the high-cost fund from phone to broadband.
If you love heartwarming romances, makes sure to add "My Stubborn Heart" to your must read list. This contemporary Christian romance will leave you feeling warm and satisfied!
Everyone’s got one. They seem to be everywhere you can’t get away from them like they are puppies or something. A first love is all about being ‘THE ONE’ the person that catches your heart but lets be honest here… most of us break up from them! Then why do we bother looking so friendly over past relationships like they are the memory of some dear old family pet. It clearly was ‘the one’ and you have supposedly got over it so what’s with the gooey eyes and the love sick face? (again with the puppies?).
..."I hate my life," she said.
Sunny Leone has stated that in ten years time she would like to be married and have started a family, and probably retire from the industry by the time she is 30. Leone was engaged to Matt Erikson, a vice-president of marketing at Playboy Enterprises, but they broke up in 2008 (4 years ago), and is currently dating her business partner Daniel Webber. She definitely knows which side of her bread is buttered…while she holds the pot of honey…………which brings in the money
Despite packing his side with expensive attacking flair, Roberto Mancini watched in dismay as his handsomely-paid charges once again failed to inspire, scoring only three times and never looking likely to concede.
I bit off the last chunk of my apple and threw the core into the compost bin hidden by the velvet drapery on the walls. The same two stairs as last year squeaked under my feet. My fingers slid over the smooth finish on the tables in the third row as I moved to the fourth section. No one ever sat over here. I sank into the last armchair and stilled. After a minute, the lights shut off to conserve the gas.
Shahrukh is Rizwan Khan. As a boy (played by the amazing Tanay Hemant Chheda), he grows up in Mumbai with his strong-willed mother and his resentful brother, Zakir. Rizwan is clearly different from other children; he takes everything literally, he cannot understand social cues, he doesn’t like being touched, and he perseverates (fixates on things). But he also has an amazing memory and mechanical aptitude, which his mother makes sure that he is allowed to develop, with special attention that makes his brother jealous. The family is Muslim and his mother also works hard to ensure that Rizwan does not absorb the hate of the Hindu-Muslim riots of the time. People are people, she tells him, and it is their actions that determine whether they are good or bad. If you draw stick figures of one person hitting another person, you can’t tell which person is Muslim and which person is Hindu.
It is also believed one of the 'actors’ is a paid-up member of the Labour Party. The advertisement was created by film-maker Johnny Maginn of Mustard Films.
"With all the evidence being laid before them especially with Nazri's (right) confirmation that Abdul Aziz is a former Umno member, getting the electoral roll declared invalid and illegal shouldn't be an issue."
AND FUCKING THEN.
In fact, the Copic carry case can hold up to 380 Sketch markers...that means your entire collection, plus room for a few of your favorite inks or other pens. The markers sit in removable mesh cups that allow you to hold Sketch, Ciao, Copics, Inks or Wide markers with ease. So, if you like to take ALL your markers with you, then this is going to be your best, compact solution.
Here's the during and after pictures of my balcony. To all my friends (I'm not calling you bloggers any more. We are friends now.) who were here thank you so much for coming. Extra special fuzzy happy teary thanks to Kylie who came all the way from Australia and made it happen. It was truly a weekend to remember.
“What do you mean?” you ask?
So the case turns out to be a tale of two cultures. On the one hand, we have white girls, raised in a godless, under-parented, over-sexualised society, who have little respect for themselves or their bodies and – even worse – no adults taking responsibility. On the other, we have a different kind of “respect”, the warped creed of a sub-section of unreconstructed, brutally over-parenting men. Their own daughters and young female relatives must not be violated or they will lose their market value, so why not take out your sexual frustration on the despised native slappers instead? It’s as simple as that.
1. The Jealous Curator – giving expression to the ‘darn! why didn’t I think of that!?’ feeling you get when you see something gorgeous and creative and awesome. Blog posts are usually titled “I’m jealous of…”
There are alternative fuel sources like natural gas. Mr. Ednurseasauras had already scheduled an electrician to install a transfer switch in the basement so that 6 or 7 different electrical...things... could be run off the generator without using 20 extension cords. Unfortunately, it was scheduled for the day after we got our power back, but hey, we are all set if it happens again. That, and the 40 gallons of gas he plans to have just in case.
The passenger was unimpressed. He asked loudly, so that the passengers behind him could hear, "DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA WHO I AM?"
Then it became noted the tower could be felt to move in a storm. Nothing wrong with Smeaton's work, but the rock beneath it had started to crack. A new tower was built then, close by on the reef. Smeaton's was dismantled and re-erected on the clifftop at Plymouth. That is, the upper part. His base section proved so well constructed that it could not be dismantled, and remains standing today.
"The SPL is a crappy league! It's rigged so that the same teams always win!"
Graham Parke is responsible for a number of technical publications and has recently patented a self-folding map. He has been described as both a humanitarian and a pathological liar. Convincing evidence to support either allegation has yet to be produced.
I’ve discovered there is a fine art to berry picking. The blueberries
Weaknesses: Tendency to take bad angles. Undersized. Doesn’t get off blocks from big OL in the second level. Overpursues plays at times. Not a man coverage type backer. Little starting experience.
The Orthodox Church has continually existed for 2,000 years teaching the truths as taught by Him and His Apostles.
Oh dear, I must desist from doing this: it’s obviously my way of curtailing the freedom of the press. Please stop me before I accuse again.
Neither Clive Barnes nor Walter Kerr liked Follies and they are this newspaper's drama critics. I am not about to say that they were "wrong," and right and wrong, rave and pan are the least of theater criticism anyway. I do believe, though, that every artwork is either good or it isn't, and I am convinced that Follies is monumental theater. Not because I say so but because it is there for anybody to see. Moreover, its importance as a kind of theater transcends its interest as an example of a musical. I mean to notice this in The New York Times because if this truly great work is not recognized in these pages, then a part of reality will have gone unrecorded here.
Preheat your oven to 350. Have ready rimmed cookie sheets/sheet pans or baking pans, just make sure you have enough square footage to fit all your tomatoes (halved) in a single layer.
"Sigh. I know ... I know," I said. "See? I knew you were going to judge."
Rules now allow newspapers more flexibility to develop publishing plans that cater to their markets and report these expanded platforms to ABC. Some newspapers may use branded editions (such as community newspapers), others may use targeted programs, and some may be focusing on their digital edition strategy. Because newspapers have various publishing plans, it is important to understand the different categories on the report and how those programs may impact a newspaper’s overall circulation. Due to the many ways that newspapers now distribute and market their content — metered paywalls, mobile apps, bundled subscriptions, branded editions — ABC cautions against drawing too many direct comparisons of the data in today’s FAS-FAX report.
We as students have one of the best careers centres in the country, offering a range of services for first-year undergrads to PhD students up to one year after graduation. Take advantage of them whilst you can.
I’m not sure whether to say Kharas never disappoints or whether the people never disappoint Kharas, but the house was fully packed to the max. Much like a stampede, like any other Karizma Events gig or rather Café Karizma gig, apparently there’s a difference but I still say ke Kharas gwa tshwana.
First 45 minutes:
hurting.
We often times look at dreamy magazines and high end pictures so that we can identify what we adore about it and then try to replicate that look on our own personal budget. What I love about today's reader space is that you look at it and think, "Gosh, she must have spent a fortune on fancy storage containers, I could never afford that" only to find out that she found majority of her items at.... THE DOLLAR STORE!
Thanksgiving is great, lots of friends, jokes, food, jokes about the food, and jokes about the maker of the food. I hope everyone’s Thanksgiving is great like mine.
Now, I realize this doesn’t mean that 10,000 different people have viewed my blog or that one person has viewed it 10,000 times. I think the truth lies somewhere between the two. And yes, there are more than a couple of spam hits in that number, but extrapolating from spam comments I’m guessing the number is not significant since significant extrapolation would mean I would have to perform real mathematical computations and that sounds like more work than necessary to arrive at what I’m sure is an insignificant number. Of course significant as well as insignificant, like most everything else, is relative, and I believe they are related to each other seeing how they have so many letters in common.
These are just some of the issues I’ve learned about as I studied, researched, and interacted with members of our refugee community and those who work with them.
Cook the minced garlic in olive oil for a minute, add tomato sauce and orange juice. Cook for a few minutes on medium. Place the shrimp in the bottom of a baking dish, cover with the sauce, then sprinkle with cheese. Bake for 5 minutes at 350, until cheese starts to melt.
Border Crosser
While the spread of print prompted the coining of new words such as “manuscript” and “handwriting” to describe the older technology of writing, the pervasiveness of new media today has yielded no newly invented vocabulary to identify print. Instead, the world of new media has created its own lexicon consisting of either newly devised words–website, blog, crowdsourcing, or texting, to name a few–or terms forged by combining adjectives such a “digital” or “electronic” with existing nouns to distinguish the new from the old. Despite these different etymological trajectories, the relationship between the digital and print, much like the interactions between print and manuscript, is often a symbiotic one and one that almost always transforms our understanding of the older media.
I'm a woman. I'm bisexual. I'm childfree and loving it. I'm a music junkie, a horror movie buff, and a potty mouth. My idea of a vacation is following concert tours with good friends and great wine. My idea of a good time is roaming cities in packs. My ideal world does not contain Stephen Harper, Rob Ford, Sarah Palin or Glenn Beck... oh hell, just dump all of the Tea Partiers and the Cons of Canada into a deep black hole, along with the worst of the Republicans. Someday the universe will let me become a clinical psychologist, and I will be grateful. Unless I am to become a writer for a major music magazine, or a lottery winner; that'll do. I collect rescued abused cats, and give them names like Gravity, Kali and Karma. They are my furbabies. Cats are superior to humans, you know. Mine are, anyway. I am the most passionate and caring person you'll know, and I have a sharp tongue for debate and snark.
There is only one place to start of course and that is the Emirates. Like in an alpine butchers, the stakes were high as Arsenal hosted Manchester City with both sides desperate for the three points. Arsenal needed to keep their noses in front of Spurs in the race for third and consolidate their top four place following last week’s defeat at relegation threatened Q.P.R., whilst Manchester City had to win to keep up with United in the title race. Yet you would not have thought it with City’s negative game plan. In the past two seasons, City have gone to the Emirates and parked the bus for two 0-0 draws, but you would have thought that they would come and have a go this time around with the title race hinging on the game.
A similar provision relating to trade marks allows national courts to grant Euro-injunctions in favour of trade mark owners (Article 98 of the Community Trade Mark Regulation). The extent of jurisdiction on Community design infringement depends on the international jurisdiction criteria stated in Article 82 of the Community Designs Regulation. Article 82(1) states that infringement proceedings
Most women used some form of highlighting down the nose, on the chin, under the eyebrow, in the cupids bow of the lip, and on the cheek bones.
This is kitchen day. The kitchen is the hub of the family, so in addition to the daily maintenance you do, deep cleaning this room is necessary once a week.
I wish she'd tell me what "nootered" means though.
An artistic strangulation!
But what many may not remember is that The Hope Center was actually used as a location shoot for the movie!
The principals of New York State are amazing. When the State Education Department began creating its “educator evaluation system,” it called together the principals and showed them what it was up to. It showed them a video of guys building a plane while it was flying. This was called, in self-congratulatory parlance, “building a plane in mid-air.” A few principals noticed that the guys building the exterior of the plane were wearing parachutes, but the passengers didn’t have parachutes. The principals realized that they, their staff, and their students were the passengers. The ones with the parachutes were the overseers at the New York State Education Department. For them, it was a lark, but the evaluation system they created was do-or-die for the hapless passengers.
* 1 tablespoon fresh orange juice
"Great!" I said, and whispered a thank you prayer in my head. "Maybe your dad and I will go with you. Tanner could use a walk anyway."
He has just tried to add this blog on their list and hopefully, they approve it. With its help, more and more people would be able to know about him and his ‘Myronosophies’ and ‘Roncepts’ – Insights that provide helpful and workable tips and pieces of advice regarding Excellence at work, in business, in the government, and even personally.
And the Dark Lord said onto him 'Kneel thee affront me Knave' and the Knave knelt and as he did the Dark Lord set forth an army of spectres upon him more terrible than even his Mother,
Get your pattern paper ready. I'm making my pattern on freezer paper because I like being able to iron it down on the fabric to cut instead of having to trace it. Add your A and B measurements together, and put a pin in your measuring tape at that mark. So for me that was 13.5 inches. Then push that pin down at the corner of the paper and into the carpet. What we are doing is essentially making a compass, like in geometry class.
For she is Queen.
Courtesy of www.wendyrosen.com
No, thank you B! A most excellent post. It's like something from a soap opera. You crazy Americans and your big scandals. Nothing like the great potato debacle and missing badger fiasco we had in parliament recently.
My kids LOVE their daily stations and god forbid I forget to change the chart in the morning, they will let me know! My whole kindergarten team has embraced the new format for math and together we come up with more play based activities to keep the kids coming back for more! We're actually having a K, 1st, and 2nd work study group to support each other and come up or redevelop old ideas to fit this new philosophy!
So the idea of watching a mere spin-off from Doctor Who never really attracted me much. There've been spin-offs before: the dreadful K-9 and Company comes to mind. Infantile was scarcely the word.
(573): just hooked up with an air force officer in a hotel room paid for by the military. i feel like i should go around thanking taxpayers for the assist.
While I have your attention, I should mention the new Father's Day image
This same is MANLIE CONSTANCIE of mind,
Before Notia could make another grab for the conversation, Pevan said, "What did you see?"
Are we acting like the body of Christ or have we gotten good at just "sounding" like the body of Christ. God doesn't want excuses or answers, he wants ACTION!!!
So it was a bit of a mixed day. And the pen remains... just a lump of expensive metal to which I have no real emotional attachment. Very pretty but not fully functioning. A bit like a WAG amongst pens. Which may, or may not be sold.
On the side note, Jason got us the new Nike Fuel Band and it is very cool. I love the sharing options, and it looks like a sleek black bracelet, can’t wait to try it out this month.
-Cookies & Cream Cookies
Note: A complimentary copy of this work was provided in return for a review.
There has in fact, been a very significant change.
distinctions.
Make a project which is inspired by their style. Please state the crafter you were inspired by. And if they have a blog, website etc, please add that too.
Jack: If you trick me into saying DUH to you then it’s not really my fault if I say DUH, because I didn’t mean it and I’m not saying DUH anymore so can I still watch a video?
According to court documents, Tang Boon Thiew, the mastermind of the online vice ring was slapped with 35 charges in December last year including 17 charges of pimping the girls, 16 charges of living off their earnings and 2 charges of having sex with an underage girl.
“Flames flare fierce o’er roof and rafter,
So I went on Monday after work to pick up some cupcakes, and the shop was completely empty of sweets, it was so sad. I chatted a bit with the girl who was at the counter delivering the bad news to everyone (she seemed so genuinely sad to have to tell everyone there were no cupcakes left) and then headed out, determined that Tuesday would be my day. Yesterday I went before work and was greeted by full cases and free coffee (delicious hazelnut roast) and picked up two delicious cupcakes for our dessert last night:
Taking close up pictures reminds me I need to get these touched up! I love the sepia look, but it fades really fast. I was actually told that the one on my foot would be a sepia/henna color. Does it look non-black to you? No, me either. Oh well :)
Thanks for your patience and I wish you happy reading! I'll return to my usual rambling on about writing and tattoos and addictions next month.
she tacked the carpet back down,
That lasted about 5 levels until Laz had a brilliant idea – we could Scroll of Resurrect his second account, boost a Shaman to 80, and transfer her to me. Yay! But apparently, Blizzard did not like this idea, and Laz was unable to transfer her to an account not his own. :/
— Paulann Petersen from The Voluptuary, Lost Horse Press, 2010
Why is America destroying its industrial power?
Some lending companies are uneducated in this process so your lender, or the new home owners lender may have a hard time evaluating the risk/ reward relationship. Ensure that transfer can be carried out seamlessly as usual periods of 20 years lease are common
There were some lessons there.
After my massage, my non-swedish masseuse met me in the hallway where she handed me a printout of a body with all of my ”tension points” identified on it:
which means we would like you to use hearts somewhere on your project. Choose patterned paper, die cuts, punches, your image- whatever your "heart" desires.
The main difficulty was in cutting all the balloon's struts, but it is really worth the effort for the extra sense of depth when you can see the background through the gaps. After cutting, the balloon was shaped by turning over onto my mouse pad and running the blunt end of a pen over the inside. The basket, people and flags were also shaped. Finally, the balloon is fixed to the background with pinflair glue to keep the dimension.
Do we possess the people we need?
And then your mom had to blather on about legal bullshit when all I wanted to do was fling witty banter back and forth with you and watch you laugh.
So life is not overly harsh. Indeed, Emery, who shares a cell, thinks he has fewer grey hairs now than when he did when he was in Vancouver.
This weekend is our church's yearly fundraiser
Credits: Flickr Collage Images
The hotel is also the best place to hold seminar or conference as it has a number of function rooms to cater the needs of its client.
Sky Sports have revealed that Manchester United will be without the services of Paul Scholes and Antonio Valencia.
Zach made me laugh. The back and forth between him and Dinah is hilarious. From Zach, “To tell the truth Dinah, my life would be rather dull without you to complicate it.” Growing up with three sisters, he knows how to get a rise out of her.
Now…without further ado…here are my picks for this week. Check out this graphic I made! I feel like such a pro! LOL!
Savitz DA. Magnetic fields and miscarriage: are we done yet? Editorial. Epidemiology 2002; 13:1-4.
Over the last few years, the UK has been on something of a journey regarding cannabis. When I joined the police, it was a Class B drug under the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971 – this legislation governs our society’s approach to drugs to this day. In 2004 it was re-classified to a Class C drug on advise from the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs. However, it was re-classified in 2009 to Class B for what were described by the Chair of the Council, Professor David NUTT, as ‘political reasons’. He had previously described cannabis as “less harmful than alcohol or tobacco” but the re-classification decision went ahead, called for by some senior police officers and supported by the Home Secretary. This was despite the Council’s advice amidst a public debate which tried to link cannabis to the development of some psychotic conditions and longer-term mental health problems.
Norman Campbell was the very first tax collector of Lowndes County, back when it included the present day counties of Berrien, Clinch, Lanier, Echols, Cook, and Brooks. Three times a year he made a circuit around the county, an eleven days ride, to collect the taxes.
I will put it with the other large heart stones which I found this year; around the vegetable and flower garden. Let them know they are loved, let them grow.
I needed a coat to cover my backside and this seemed to fit the bill – I also needed a coat that would not weigh me down and this fit tha…
Desire in thine eyes—oh, please.
And I’ve concluded this: I am no kind of Mom.
“The current agreement is unfair to consumers and to insurers, as it does not offer the level playing field which we all expect,” he said. “This situation needs urgent attention.”
REPORTER: Not much.
My husband is a Moslem. Granted, he can guzzle a six-pack faster than a bus load of heretics after a lost soul and finds andouille sausage to be just one bite shy of heaven, nonetheless he’s got an inside tract to those 72 virgins in the sky. (He reminds me of this every so often to keep me in line and I remind he needs to die in the name of Islam and I’m willing to help him achieve that goal.)
2) Newspaper circulation and checking out library books (as well as the number bookstores) are the main factors in how literate your city is. So... if you're getting the paper online instead of subscribing, how are you being counted? It's the same for podcasts and audiobooks winning out over library subscriptions. I, as an example, read quite a bit daily: periodicals, books, and online news. (I do declare that I got this article came from USA Today online!) I haven't seen the inside of a library nor subscribed to a newspaper in 8 or 10 years.
From there I dropped by some night owl friends' place to chat for a bit that turned into a couple hours, before heading over to the Joolie and Mr. Joolie house for some leftover pizza and a much needed nap. I crept out again at 6 AM to hit the road back to Houston where I found my wallet right next to my computer.
My daughter being a mouse (apparently) -
I read a lot of books, (yes, Amy’s “The Dust of 100 Dogs” is also on my short list to read but rest assured, I WILL NOT be reading it at a soccer game – enough with the brain injury) and there is nothing like a story that lives on in your head once you have turned the last page. I went to bed and woke up this morning (bruised but otherwise okay), thinking about the characters who shared their lives with me throughout our short time together.
Nice. No more swimsuit areas for you, pal!
I apologise to my poetry readers for the fashion related posts, I will get back to that later. But this is my imagination and I believe creativity should never be limited and I am all for thinking outside of the box! I would also like to say a huge hello to everyone new and who checked out my last post, welcome to my imagination, make yourself at home!
2049.E-XII/29/1994. On homosexuality in the modern world. See Item C-1994(8), above.
Photos on The Lively Morgue include the original caption that ran when it was published and links to relevant stories. The Times is also including an image of the back of each photo, which often contained a lot of information, like exactly when and where it was published, who the photographer was, how much they were paid, and whether the photo was one of a series.
Standing on a hill
- Over 55 lakh “keshdhari” Sikhs to cast vote
QOTD: "Historically speaking, we live in very interesting times. We are probably very close to a civilizational shift of a similar magnitude to the Fall Of Rome. The Western World is going to print money and run up debt until they have no choice other than default. Greece was first, soon it will be Portugal and Spain; eventually Japan, the EU and the USA will default. It isn’t clear what will happen after the great powers default on their debt, but it’s not likely to be pretty.
I finished two books which seems less than normal, but I did get started on several for this week. :-) I posted two book reviews, three Book Features with Giveaways as well as my usual regular Friday Pick Giveaway, Saturday Sharing Beyond Books Comment Giveaway and Sunday Words.
When making my actual card I stuck with the color combination I used in My Digital Studio, Old Olive, Rich Razzleberry and Pale Plum. These colors just happen to be my all time favorite color combination. Just beautiful, don't you think? While making my card I thought I would also work in Shelli's challenge from her blog too. So after stamping with the stamp set Elements of Style and coloring it I used my vanilla smooch spritz to add a beautiful shimmer to the image and actually the whole card. Lots of rhinestones were added as well for more sparkle, some of which I colored with my markers to match my paper.
In addition to this, after the fall of the Soviet Union in 1991, evidence confirmed that Russian scientists had been extensively researching Tsunami bomb technology during the Cold War to destroy large areas of Southern England and Holland whilst avoiding the problems of radiation fall out created by a nuclear attack. Which is considerate of them isn’t it.
step 6: Move the groom into a good place...say, in a subordinate position to the bride? How's that?
Coming in November is Walk Like a Man: Coming of Age with the Music of Bruce Springsteen by Robert J. Wiersema ($16.95, Graystone Books) that is a rock journey through twenty years of the author’s life set to the Springstein’s music. The author is emblematic of Springstein’s fans, seeing him as the paragon of all that is cool in the world of rock and roll. He brings good credentials to the book having authored two novels, been a reviewer and independent bookseller. Immersed in Springstein’s music, he is the reason the word “fan” is rooted in the word “fanatic.” This is an autobiographical tale of someone who, like others, marked the highs and lows of his life with Springstein’s music. It is the story of his coming of age along with many others, celebrating the music of his favorite performer.
951 ***D-VIII/28/1986. “Clausewitz and Intelligence: Some Preliminary Observations.” Conference on Intelligence and Policy, Defense Intelligence College, Washington, D.C. (Incorporated in Item C-1989(8), above, and in Item B-14 (Projected), above, Appendix 3.)
My home has never seemed sweeter, my bedroom and lounge have never seemed sunnier.
"We'll just dash back under a bridge if the storm breaks," we decided as we moved farther and farther away from the shelter of the restaurant awning. Besides, the hour-by-hour weather forecast we'd checked that afternoon indicated the night should be clear.
SHARE your goals! Share your dreams with people who will support you! It's a great way to keep accountable. When you struggle, ask for a pep talk. When you achieve success...they will be there cheering you on and giving you atta' girls/boys that you so rightly deserve!
I call it Irish, but does anyone know the true provenance of said technology (the pull-tab cap)?
I haven't been idle in my miniatures either...due to the ever expanding collection of Kat Hats I've had to build an extension to the Witchy Project to house them....only problem is ...I now have room enough for heaps more :D
Note: if you want to vary the look of the Royal Trifle, then do not mix the biscuits with the compote; instead spoon the whipped cream on top of the compote, then scatter the biscuits over the cream before topping off with the meringues.
Peel and chop 1 butternut squash into 1 1/2 to 2 inch pieces and toss onto a sheet pan that has been sprayed with cooking spray. Peel 4 or 5 parsnips into large chunks and add them to the squash. I chopped up a couple of red peppers into large pieces and cut a couple of onions into 8 wedges each and added them. Now liberally salt and pepper the veggies and drizzle on a tablespoon or so of good olive oil and toss.
So how exactly do you digest things? Do you even think about digesting things?
I'm sitting on a beautiful Saturday morning, er, afternoon at my computer with a list of useful productive things I could do as Addy plays in the bathtub (strike one against my parenting-- even if I can hear her making happy noises so I know any damage being done is to the bathroom and not her) as a result of her earlier mega-poop. Jackson is back inside after I heard him screeching at other kids in the front yard (mother of the year award for me, yes). Yes, I could finish weeding the yard, folding the 6 baskets of clean laundry in my upstairs hallway, make lunch for my kids, plan our summer trip or make a dish to take to the potluck tonight. I could spend time pondering a momentous decision, entertaining myself or doing something useful. I could even write a real blog post. But instead, I'm sitting here writing not much of anything-- which I suppose is a slight upgrade from wasting time on facebook.
of Miss Rose Hicks herself.
I only got round to watching it last night alone in the dark in a living room with a friend. We expected a quirky comedy.
Yesterday I took the Lattes to an activity day for disabled children and their families. I don't usually go to these things, but as my family grows up, I'm getting less able to pretend that our life is completely normal except for the addition of a few pieces of equipment. The sun is out, and everyone is heading to the park and to the beach - but the other nine-year-olds are getting independent, nipping to the shops and hanging out with each other. Their mothers aren't lifting them onto the swings or taking them to the toilet.
It’s too bad because the script started off so awesome. I was thinking it could be a classic. Then it never quite decided what it wanted to be. Still, the story’s fun enough to keep you entertained. And there’s easily enough here for a recommendation. It just didn’t quite reach the heights that it could’ve.
JUSTIN: Last question. Kevin, what's in the basket?
On 14 April 2006, just 13 days after April Fools' day, Franklin Loufrani obtained an international registration, designating the European Community, for the figurative mark depicted above right, in respect of an amusingly eclectic list of items including (among other things), sun dials and ashtrays, urns of precious metal and sacred vessels of precious metal (Class 14), whips, animal collars and sling bags (Class 18) and diaper pants, ear muffs and underwear (Class 25). OHIM was not minded to let this pass, so refused to extend this protection to the world's most valuable market.
what story do they carry… tell…
Loving my hand-made sun catcher from a co-worker's talented husband. It's pretty, rain or shine.
NY Daily News/IANS/EFE, 05/07/2012
It was a ridiculously picture perfect day; the sun shined so brightly, the sky a cartoonish blue complete with such fluffy cotton clouds as those crudely shaped by a child un-self-conscientiously wielding an ample supply of chalk, and a soft breeze blew which I very much remember thinking of as “delicious” (I have always had a thing for wind), which, combined with the tweeting of myriad birds and the waves lapping against the rocks, seemed the most delightful cacophony of sights and sounds as we sat on the rock looking out onto the river. I felt consciously content, happy.
She stared.
We split an order of sauteed calamari served with a generous drizzle of chipotle aioli. The squid was fresh and tender, while the semolina flour breading was light and stayed out of the way.
Fast forward to arrival in downtown Cleveland... after a few turn arounds, and a cop car pulling right behind us as I was getting lost, we get to the hotel.
Hey there! How are all of you?
I’m not the only one with such a shelf, either. Many of my friends are significantly more weighed down with tons of boardgames they’ll never actually get around to playing (well, perhaps once), have shelves full of video games they’ll never really play, and have stacks of RPG stuff they’ll never have time to run. Rare is the gamer whose eyes aren’t bigger than his or her free time, particularly now that gamers my age are getting older, have more and more real-world commitments, and many more significant responsibilities to take their time and attention. Gone are the halcyon days of our late teens and early twenties, when we could devote entire 36 hour periods to orgies of nerdery the likes of which would shame Dr. Sheldon Cooper.
TASSET-TISSEAU A, SANTORO N, SAMAD AH, MORALES A. Influenza vaccination in corporate settings: what are the costs and benefits? South and north hemispheres perspectives. International Congress Series 2004; 1263: 595-599.
Here are a few more i did at my card class on Thursdays with the lovely Lindyloo .
Oh hey there Friday, thanks for stopping by!
I will take a stab in the cyber-dark and say that the overwhelming majority of you answered one of the following three items:
~When you are on your belly you turn around all the time
We continued to walk her in for 2 more days and showed Keaton where her class was so he could have the privilege to make sure she got to her class okay every morning.
When I was in junior high/high school, my friends and I used to volunteer to be "elves" on the trainride. Someone reads the book The Polar Express to all of the kids, who then get hot chocolate and a cookie and the train takes them to the North Pole...which is really this tiny town along the railroad that goes ALL OUT and decorates the crap out of it. Then, on the way back, Santa comes and visits all of the kids and gives them a bell to hang on the tree.
on leaves rustling on far away trees -
Sarah Smiley is a syndicated columnist, author, and military wife. Sarah and her husband Dustin have three children: Ford (10), Owen (8) and Lindell (4). Dustin is a Lt. Cmdr. in the Navy. They live in Maine.
- Diane S.
You Really Got Me
Anyway, let's talk about everyone's favorite campfire treat. I'll be the first to tell you that I am not a camping person. AT ALL. Bugs. Nature. No running water. Yeah... I can't handle that very well. But s'mores. Those I can do. And thank goodness I don't have to be in the middle of a forest to indulge in them!
I love the red, white and blue with a little Sunny Yellow -- a quick and easy card.
9. John Cena v. Brock Lesnar in an Extreme Rules match
Touch me with your naked hand or touch me with your glove
James denounced his mother Elizabeth too but Jennet then turned on her own brother and said he had been a witch for three years. She said she had seen his spirit kill three people.
Fill muffin cups 2/3 full with batter. Sprinkle about 1 tablespoon of streusel mix over each unbaked muffin. *Using a clean utensil, gently press streusel mix into muffin batter.
Stupidface Leo is playing D&D tonight… no bother – I called a voice teacher today to see if I can get a few practices in before I audition for Next to Normal (yes, I know I know… slippery slope, my dear… I’m well aware); I also have an appt. on Sunday with a lovely photographer friend for new head shots. Hopefully this time I don’t freak out and wind up wussing out –
I don’t often take the time to watch a video online unless it’s less than 90 seconds or it’s a subject I’m very interested in–but this one is worth it!
Sorry for the poor quality pictures. This is the best I could do from their website, but you should go there for better photos. Anyway, the price is $74 for a 5x7 rug (the only size). Not bad a bad price for a great looking rug.
Kohler-Barnard said the ministry had failed to pay the costs for five cases it had lost on appeal.
The driver looks up at the curtain and winces slightly, as if he thinks there is some sort of reprisal for this that he doesn’t know about yet. He reaches for the bar of one side and as I suspect one strong tug and it is freed. I can hardly hear the sound of my mother sighing over the second side of the curtain being ripped free of the carriage. Our Drake gives a screech of approval at the delinquent action and paces in place, eager to get moving once again. The muscles of its scaled body are tense. He is a graceful blue scaled beast although hardly the size of my Red ones back home.
from living as we choose. We are ordered to get permits to go into the
Colouring Medium - Prisma Pencils
We sacrifice our childhood and youth to gain “educational qualifications” and learn to live in “school jails” and to “follow rules”. After a brief ”fun in college education” phase, which finishes our parents off financially, we yoke up to serve various commercial institutions till we burn out or retire. We teach, we cure, we build, we cook, we clean.
She makes the willow shiver in the sun
Drink half your weight in water ounces. Hydration is important in order to keep the food’s macro- and micro-nutrients moving along the digestive track. Increasing the water intake while eating a lot of fiber in your fruits and vegetables will keep your digestion and elimination regular.
My head is cluttered and clouded at this moment in time. I haven't blogged because I haven't had any adequate words. One day I'll wake wanting to write about something, and go to sleep wanting to write another. My feelings on something change with the hour. A reoccurring thought for me at the moment is my future, and how I'm getting there. Time is moving so fast, and my life is changing so much that i feel like i can't write the words properly, and in frustration - i don't write at all. (Have you sensed that I am a perfectionist yet?)
If you are serious about attempting to convert any one of us, let me tell you: I'd be happy to be converted, WITH EVIDENCE, NOT A BUNCH OF HOCUS POCUS LIES AND BULLSHIT PROPAGANDA!!.
The boy grew up in a rarefied environment—closeted in guarded compounds, ferried around in chauffeur-driven cars, schooled partly by tutors and partly at the prestigious Jingshan school in Beijing, according to friends.
10. Right Place Wrong Time- Dr. John
“Frank,” she said, hugging the black sweatshirt to her body. Her knees bent together and she shivered as the cool air form the hallway rushed into her room. He stepped in, taking Maybe into his embrace, then kicked shut the door and pressed his face into her neck. She smelled like the sweat of sleep and his lust could not be contained. Frank tore the loose shirt over her head, catching the slow motion wave of her hair as it obscured the sight of her reddening face, then gathered her up, carrying Maybe to the bed where he set her down and proceeded to undress. She circled his waist with her long arms and tasted the strong muscle that sprang from his loosed trousers. Frank dropped his jacket and the bottle inside clanked against the floor, but he thirsted only for Maybe now. She reached up and pulled him down into an iron grip and they rocked back and forth, like the ebb and flow of a gentle evening tide, until the storm broke itself upon the rising sands and crashed into a sublime wave that washed all of their cares out to sea.
Cultures and Customs
The clean-up must be placed entirely under workers' control and carried out by workers' organizations in conjunction with independent scientists and engineers. Much more could be done through the creative use of existing technology and resources. For example, the trucks used to remove waste from portable toilets can be used to clean up oil spills by sucking oil into their holding tanks. The armed forces, with all their technology and equipment, can be put to much better use in cleaning up the oil spill than in killing hundreds of thousands of innocent people in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Nose: Barley, spices, tobacco, citrus. Upon first tasting, I was instantly struck by a vivid visual of the wheat fields of Saskatchewan. It has been years since I’ve seen them, so this whisky is a definite memory-jogger. After sitting for 10 minutes, with a few drops of water, the palate morphs into vanilla, toffee, and other sweetie shop scents.
Here's what I'm planning for the week:
Misguided Christians have been used to fight and support war from the 11th Century Crusades to Iraq. The names have changed but the message has not. A Pope who called himself Urban II is said to have told the bishop and earls who were to lead the First Crusaders it was up to them to rid the Holy Land of infidels so “Jesus could return there.” They passed this message on to the peasants who suffered and died for this false cause for the better part of 200 years. The result was the feudal system in Europe.
But you are still so beautiful.
Our best flying backwards moves are, or used to be, in front of water and ditches. My horse is entirely too smart to think that water or ditches are a good idea...and I have a hard time disagreeing with him because I DON'T disagree. I think his feelings are perfectly sound! But with lots of work, and lots of help, he went into the water on the first try with no hesitiation just a short 8 months later :)
Kim Addonazio – Jimmy and Rita
First off, women need to understand that their rank on the 1 to 10 scale is not set in stone… it can vary greatly by demographic (sample size) as well as vary from person to person. We can safely assume that a rank of 5 is considered “average” among the given demographic. If a woman finds out someone has ranked her as a 5, she needs to realize that is not a bad number. This means that, on average, half the men in her demographic will find her sexually attractive… which are, in fact, decent numbers. Not to mention, of those men, some will see the “5″ as an 8. What this shows is that a girl might be ranked a 3 or 4 in her given demographic yet still have a decent percentage of men exhibiting sexual interest.
So, back to the walk. It was just so ... brown.
So I went on a search for a spaetzle maker. Paprikas Weiss was still open at the time, and I thought I would have luck there. But I didn't. The spaetzle makers I got just didn't work. I really have no idea why, but the results were less than successful until I found this spaetzle maker,
Dear Father, thank You for surrounding me with godly friends who inspire Your love in me, and provoke me to good works. I ask that You direct my path in such a way that every relationship I keep will be with those whom you’ve ordained to impact positively on my destiny in You, in Jesus Christ Name! Amen!
New York Color says “Need a gloss that lasts as long as you do? Meet NYC’s new Up to 8HR City Proof Gloss. Its incredible formula offers high-shine and rich colorwith no sticky feel and serious staying power: up to 8 hours of wear! It also smoothens andconditions with kokum butter, jojoba oil and a host of good-for-you antioxidants.“
before you think i sound way too superficial...know this: i would lose my hair a million times over to be here today. please remember that. no matter what i say or dive into filter it all through that please. it really is just hair. but bare with me as i grow it out and the various stages may not be cutest or maybe your preference is real short or what it looked like six months. feel free to keep those thoughts to yourself as i look in the mirror most days and think two things: i hate my hair today but i am grateful to be alive.
"Drawing is my walking now, I run with it, I fly with it. It's keeping me alive. I have a thing with it. I can't wait to get a piece of paper with a pen because it's what I can control.
Doo Dah broke his wrist in the first week of the school holidays. It is the second broken bone we have had to deal with. It was the classic "Mrs L., your son Doo Dah fell off the monkey bars and hasn't been himself" apologetic phone call from the vacation care manager, followed by the loooong wait in the ED, topped only by the three hours for our appointment(!) in the Fracture Clinic the following week. He is rocking along just fine and we get the cast off on May 21.
Snow meant cold temperatures, cars that wouldn’t start and scarves wrapped around your neck, forehead and everywhere in between, with only your eyes peeking through the crocheted mummy wrap. It meant extra time needed to warm up the car, put on all the extra snow apparel to help avoid frostbite and to remember to grab an extra pair of shoes before you run out the door. If you forgot the shoes, you’d be stuck wearing your boots all day at work or school and Sorels back then didn’t look so pretty with a pencil skirt. Snow meant worrying about getting stuck as you plowed your way through the snow piles towards your destination and then worrying about you car not starting at the end of the day to get you home. And just when you were getting ready for bed, you remembered that you had to go outside one last time to plug in your car so you could up your odds of it starting the next morning.
Whether or not you believe in visitations is a personal belief. Those who have experienced them believe and they believe they know why they received the visit. The world is full of mysteries that we will never understand. When it comes to the meaning of visitations, many are easier to understand than others are.
I like how doing laundry now doesn't consume nearly every minute of my Mondays. Other than folding everything there is really nothing to it any longer and I couldn't be happier!
Love always, Darlene.
The great Daily Telegraph satirist Michael Wharton aka Peter Simple used fictional figures to satirise this trait in his column. Dr. Heinz Kiosk embodied guilt: ”We are all guilty; Dr Spacely-Trellis “go-ahead” Bishop of Bevindon in the Stretchford Conurbation, progressive’s; Dorothy Dutt-Pauker “the Hampstead thinker,” who lived at Marxmount, embodied Bourgoise Socialism.
Ice the cupcakes, taking care not to ruin your freshly cleaned kitchen,
Zircotec is equally keen to expand links with International universities and used this year’s event at Silverstone to meet teams from Italy, Australia, Germany, France and Holland. “We visited most of the teams during the week and provided samples of our ZircoFlex foil for them to solve last minute heat issues,” adds Graham. “The level of engineering on these cars is often outstanding and we welcome further co-operation with universities outside of the UK in the coming years.”
surrounds you
USP: They’ve got, like, hair metal influences! Dude! *does Gene Simmons impersonation* As a result, THEIR NEW STUFF IS LOUDER THAN ANYTHING ELSE HERE AND THEREFORE THEY ARE TOTES RAWK GAWDS. PUMP UP THE VOLUME. (I DON’T KNOW WHY I’M SHOUTING.)
Picked her back up
12.Bring Me the Head of the Preacher Man
I thought as I only had to make a handfull I would use a criss cross card. I bought some die cut bears, fences which I coloured with chalk and copics. Used some lovely pink checked papers from Raspberry Road.
You are the first African-American woman to have your own television show on HGTV. What was that experience like? What would you say to other designers of color who are trying to break through in the world of interior design?
Now, verified official reports revised vote totals Thursday that give party favorite, Santorum a 34-vote edge over party favorite, Romney, which reverses the eight-vote advantage held before the state completed certifying the results of the Jan. 3 caucuses with missing truckloads of votes in addition to known misreporting of precinct counts, affidavits of election fraud added to not knowing what the true count is and no way of ever determining anything: the Republican Party in Iowa has declared party favorite, Santorum, the winner and another favorite, Romney, with another party favorite, Perry, gaining or losing votes.
Did you all see this yet? It’s a bucket list for kids. And it’s all over the internet.
Most of these photos never see the light of day, or the www of the internet because
- poached 1kg of chicken breasts
But this weekend, I even found Love/Hate sides to 212. Saturday night, I was returning to Manhattan via the Manhattan Bridge, which courses up Chrystie Street. I was exhausted, and there was bumper-to-bumper traffic. Incredibly, it was after 2 AM, adding insult to injury. I just wanted to get home and sleep, but I was forced to slog up Chrystie and across Houston Streets behind a sea of yellow cabs and the cars of late night revelers, commuters, and what have you.
Are you a Monday person? For years, I was far from it...it was always the hardest day of the week for me when I worked in a profession that required long hours in an office. Weekends were spent trying to unwind, but all too soon it was time to rewind for another week. It wasn't until I left that lifestyle after an illness and move that I realized I didn't really want to get back in that routine. Mondays are different now...every week, it's like a little "restart" button...a whole new perspective on things.
Inspired by some hair clips that a friend had made, I searched online and found some blanks and came up with these for my Nieces. They loved them and I can see me making lots more. Might see if I can come up with some Christmassy designs to put in with their presents.
One of my favorite techniques is to take to destroy lice mayonnaise and vinegar to dislodge nits to make it simpler to get rid them. Due to of social stigma frequently connected with hair lice, parents many times want to utilize only strong, the fastest available way to solve the problem. Treatment of olive oil is similar to oil and coal handling. In else words, these critters can not survive in alternative mammals, except for crabs intimate places that exist in monkeys. It is not clear in my head, but it will show up in alternative sections of the body.
US president Barack Obama is due to make a statement shortly in which he is expected to announce the death of Osama bin Laden, the leader of al-Qaeda.
After the argument Romeo either talked with several people about his feelings and/or he called Juliet when no one was around and/or he thought out-loud to himself, something he did and/or said made me want to stop the operation, but I started the operation anyway when I saw that all the guard posts would be empty for a few minutes; but when Romeo came outside, something he did and/or said again, made me think about canceling the operation again.
1Q84 contains descriptions of underage rape and incest, which the text pardons and eroticizes. When Aomame is alone with the Leader of Sakigake, who is clearly guilty of child abuse, it turns out that he is not such a bad guy after all. Furthermore, he explains that, due to the workings of mysterious otherworldly beings known as “the Little People,” his body is sometimes completely paralyzed, at which point the pre-pubescent girls who attend him have sex with him. He can’t move or speak during these times; he can only ejaculate. The sexual activity is spiritual, and it is initiated by the girls. When he penetrated his ten-year-old daughter, the same thing happened: she had sex with him, and the bodies of both parties were controlled by the Little People. The reader finds out several chapters later that he is not lying, as an event occurs in which Tengo finds himself physically paralyzed and, as part of some ritual, mounted by Fuka-Eri (who at seventeen has never had her period and never developed sexually or mentally).
Milkweed in full bloom.
When such tribal conflict breaks out in Britain (and it certainly cannot be avoided without radical changes to immigration and other policies), the only way for it to come to an end will be for the overwhelming majority of the Muslim population of Britain to leave permanently. There will be no Good Friday Agreement to bring it to an end, and, for deep structural reasons, no equivalent agreement can exist. We will be discussing the Troubles in Northern Ireland in considerably more detail in a subsequent document, but feel obliged to explain this preliminary observation here. The civil rights movement in the nationalist community of Northern Ireland in the late 1960s had specific wrongs that it asked the Northern Ireland Parliament at Stormont to address. Most obviously these were: a) the gerrymandering that assured unionist control of councils even in areas in which nationalists outnumbered unionists, b) the consequent inferior access to council housing enjoyed by the nationalist population, and c) anti-nationalist discrimination in the workplace.
As for resolutions for 2010, I resolve to take my homebrewing to a higher level (which hopefully entails kegging. I'm kinda over the bottling thing), maybe study and go from Cicerone Certified Beer Server to actual Certified Cicerone (TM), and, after the grandness of SF Beer Week '10 (which can't come soon enough and will be over too soon), figure out a way to keep from wearing my beer intake on my sleeve, er, waistline. At least long enough til Half Pint says I Do.
milly befriended a stranded star
vibrating at a higher rate your problems will dissipate so much quicker or
Here's 'The Mills are Dead so you can see what I mean...
* Sayid meets up with Jin locked up in the cooler, Jin cannot speak english.
11.07.08 US Westminster, Carroll Community College
There is an expression for this in English, it is called ‘giving the benefit of the doubt.’
If I put into column A, the way I was chronologically trained in Wing Chun it would look like this: Punching in two’s, Pak Da, Tan Da, Lop Da, Dan Chi Sau, Poon Sau, Chi Sau. Repeat Chi Sau.
consisted of finding out that flexing our gas and electric account means this:-
So, I tend not to be too political on this blog. Mainly, because I’m just not a political writer/ comedian. I prefer a “can’t we all just get along” approach most of the time. However, today I’m going to speak out. I’m speaking out against One Million Moms. Actually, speaking out is not even the best way to say it. I’d like to re-direct their energy altogether.
6) Train the campaign team.
But the drive was still there. I knew I had to do it. I just had to ask.
because these prizes are hidden along the way,
o Creation of her own website and weblog
This song keeps popping up on my spotify playlist, and I absolutely love it. It’s by a guy called Benjamin Folke Thomas, unfortunately I can’t find a youtube link, but it’s on myspace (cringe, I know, who uses myspace these days) check it out, it’s pretty jaunty, pretty folky, but chill enough to have on in the background of some last minute cramming.
So just like we do every week, kill green first, FFS.
Nothing don't mean nothing honey if it ain't free, now now.
Folks who live in small towns out in the country can have lives as complex (sometimes more) than those who live in the big cities. Same hustle and bustle – just a different kind. Instead of hustling for money (like those Wall Street feller’s) they’re hustling the cattle, thrashing the wheat, feeding the pigs, chickens and hogs trying to scratch out a living for their families. Wynn is one of those complex folks who live in one of those small, country towns. Nobody knows too much about Wynn. Keeps to herself mostly but you can always get a glimpse of Wynn every Tuesday. Don’t really know why it is every Tuesday but that seems to be the day Wynn has picked for her “ritual” as the towns folk call it. Same time of day, too: 2PM. Another one of those mysteries about Wynn I have yet to decipher.
My good friend and fellow blogger patricemj recently posted an insightful look at one particularly illuminating example of how this awareness and love for others can bring us to see that we are truly here, and I recommend you stop by to have a look:
A British man who did not tell anyone he was going on vacation to Australia came home to find they were mourning his death.
Goodbye my lover.
Pics soon!
David Loch, in his Essays on the trade, commerce, manufactures, and fisheries of Scotland (1778) had already noted the inferior quality of Edinburgh porter vis-a-vs London porter — or at least what was sold to the unwary as London. But specifically, he complains about the willingness of the Edinburgh public to accept watered-down London porter in place of the (in his view) perfectly adequate local product:
HENRY JAGLOM: Right. I've got seventeen or eighteen films now, and they've all be done on film. There is nothing like film. Editing on a computer is fine. It's faster. But once we're done, we print back out to film, and the movie get's released on film. Film is a big part of the process for me. I may be the only one left in Hollywood using film. I just love it.
I've already seen some of the kids as they've dropped into Anjali House around lunchtime. It was wonderful to see them there. But it's even better to see what their lives are like now.
1. The Georgians started it.
Oh, and a small rant. For some reason, a new and hip trend with Season Lists is to add Months which are not actually a part of that season – whilst the attempt to make Summer four months long is an endearing and naively hopeful idea, it is also an idea that is INCORRECT. September is in Fall – got that? Okay? Thanks.
So, that's where I've been, what I've been doing and clearly, what I will be doing for the next, ya know, week.
Only fear the LORD, and serve Him in truth with all your heart; for consider what great things He has done for you.
Then there was this on Flavorwire showing photos of what were declared to be 'The 20 Most Beautiful Bookstores in the World'. Of these my own particular favourites are Barter Books, Alnwick, the famous Shakespeare & Company in Paris and the Cafebreria El Pendulo, in Mexico City, Mexico, with its stacks of books, greenery and a winding staircase. I can only hope I get to see a few of them in the flesh one day, if not all of them.
Measurements:
Plato, like Kant, was reacting to contemporary currents of thought that he regarded as dangerous. He took seriously an epistemological problem that he thought was posed by Heraclitus’ doctrine of universal flux (Plato disregards Heraclitus’ view that “all things happen in accord with the divine Logos” and sets Heraclitus up as the materialist foil to Parmenides). In a world where nothing was eternal, unchanging and universal, knowledge with those qualities was also not possible: it had no object. To try to compose a description of an ever-fluxing world was like “shooting after flying game” (as Socrates says in the Theatetus). That sort of knowledge was a snapshot of a mere moment, quickly passed. Plato’s strategy for addressing this epistemological problem was metaphysical: identify the eternal, unchanging and universal object.
Title: The Lakeside View – The Eccentric Trio Chapter 2,5
While it is a great poem (I presented it in high school drama) it is not very accurate. God was NOT lonely, did not create us from a sense of need, and has never depended on us for anything.
Reflections of Mexico
Inspiration is such a beautiful thing! Especially when we become one of the primary sources of our own inspiration. It's like sharing. The more I can be inspired from my own dreams, the more I am inspired by others-rather then being jealous and wondering, "Why didn't I do that? Why isn't that me?" The answer is: It's not me! I am me, you are you, we are all unique and are all beautiful expressions of ourselves. We all consist of the same primary emotions, like primary colors, and it is how we blend and infuse ourselves that we create the most spectacular rainbow of our own self-expression. Celebrate your own dreams, visions, inspirations, quirks, colors, emotions, expressions. Then celebrate others. When I hide from my dreams and inspirations, then I am afraid and sitting in my own limitations, my world becomes blue and grey and sometimes black and dull. When I follow the dreams of my heart the way a sunflower follows the sun, I am alive and in full color. Even when the day is overcast and grey without my doing. My song is being sung, my art is being crafted, and inspiration and I are one.
As to the marks, the Board noted once again that when the goods are closely related, a lesser degree of similarity between the marks is necessary to support a finding of likely confusion.
c) richer or poorer? richer by a smidge
Question: were we supposed to think that Will didn’t know that Alicia and Peter are separated before this episode? Or was it hearing it acknowledged in public that was shocking to him? Either way, now that Will knows that Alicia is officially separated from her husband, what is he going to do about it? Who is Kalinda’s mystery husband and why is he so terrifying? Does Cary have a secret plan with Peter that’s behind his return to Lockhart & Gardner?
Start a fun learning project. If you're a home schooling parent, after-school teacher or camp counselor and you want the kids to have a meaning experience that will go with them forever. This is it. Just a little time once a week or once a day yields the perfect opportunity to do a big end-of-camp presentation and capstone experience.
In 1969, they were backing Jorge Ben, being featured on seminal albums "Força Bruta", "Negro É Lindo" and "Tábua de Esmeralda".
I took off the seats, painted the frames with several coats of spray paint and left the seat natural!!!! So easy, and I love their new look!
~When making a cake and the mixing is done, add a few tablespoons of holiday sprinkles (green and red for Christmas, pink and red for Valentine's day, etc) right to the batter - when the cake comes out there are cute little colors in it!
I told him that Papi, too, was living a good life without his choice of drugs and alcohol.
I’m just queer. I’m as homogay as every other queer kid I’ve met. A different variation sometimes, but no less infected with teh ghey.
I finally desided love is the most complicated of all emotions
But the downside is two-fold. Gone are all excuses to not have something done. I can no longer justify allowing dust or clutter to collect and cannot tolerate dirty dishes in the sink. Clark has been absolutely wonderful, he does not expect things to be perfect or “a certain way”. But I have witnessed the effect of having a full time Domestic Diva on call 24/7. He has become accustomed to going to his closet and having a favorite tie at his fingertips or all his shirts pressed and ready to go…. he will ask “Are you OK? Did something happen today?” If something is amiss.
I never have.
Clothed in green tips, the trees herald spring; in summer their lush green plays host to birds nesting; in winter their stark branches scratch the sky like claws; in autumn they drop gold and russet jewels to the grass below.
(2) Certitude; assurance:
Castle (WINNER)
Anyone coming in to this film cold will be shocked by the following observation: not all of Ed Wood's featured players were actors. SHOCK! With that said, more shock is in store when you realize that our heroic lead, airline pilot Jeff Trent, is played by Gregory Walcott, an honest-to-goodness SAG Card-carrying actor! MORE SHOCK! With parts to come in such films as Prime Cut, Joe Kidd, Steven Speilberg's The Sugarland Express, three Clint Eastwood epics (Thunderbolt And Lightfoot, The Eiger Sanction, Every Which Way But Loose), Midway, Norma Rae and many others, Walcott knew at the very least how to hit his mark, say his lines, look at people as they spoke and make it appear as if he had memorized his script.
First up from Dusty (at Dusty's Daily Doings ) I received some Anchor floss already on bobbins. Towards the end of 2010 I had mentioned that I was working on acquiring a set of Anchor floss and Dusty said she had some that she wasn't going to use. She offered to send them to me and she did. Thank you very much Dusty I really appreciate it!
But it's like Satan knew just how to attack....just how to hit me in my gut.
Garden roses + lilacs! My living room smells heavenly!
I have always loved making and been known for my pie crust. While my sister is the cake baker in our family, I am the pie baker. Recently I ran across a pie dough recipe that is made in the food processor and makes enough so that you can freeze it in portions to have ready to use another time. That is the crust I am using today. It's NEW!
Londoners is an oral history, a fact suggested by its old-McSweeney’s-ish subtitle: The Days and Nights of London Now – As Told By Those Who Love It, Hate It, Live It, Left It, and Long For It. Unlike a traditional narrative or expository history, an oral history is, by its nature, a “through the eyes of” point-of-view. It isn’t theoretical. It isn’t analytical. It doesn’t offer insight into its subject by editorializing or examining, or by trying to contextualize things in a bed of paraphrased or distilled information. Instead, it’s a collection of trimmed and sequenced quotations – just spoken words, the voice of the people rather than the journalist.
I would say my biggest (no pun intended) problem with trying to lose weight would be consistency. I have been known to work out for a week, not lose any weight, stop working out, lose 2 pounds, so then try to do it by changing my diet, then proceed to eat without consequences, gain 4 pounds, then start the cycle all over again. This has led to my current 7-10 pounds worth of baby weight that won’t budge on top of the 20 or so pounds that had crept up over the 3 years before that.
Us creative types need our ego's stroked, dontcha know.
funny thing is we all chose to use the same image,
Something that has been playing on my mind recently is actually my little SS. She’s just turned 6 months and already I have become lazy with her solid foods The prepacked foods out there are so good now. I’ve been buying these gourmet mixes that have rosehip, quinoa, chi, blueberries etc and everything is organic. I actually felt that I was doing her a favour by buying these. But the guilt of doing this has been playing on my mind. Poor SS gets these and Miss F not only gets home cooked meals (sometimes several for each course) and she has a BLOG that is based about her meals. Poor SS is already suffering the second child syndrome and she’s just turned 6 months. So I’m going to make a big batch of food tomorrow for little SS. I’m going to be heading over to ecomilf, as I love her meal suggestions. I'm sure i will continue to use packaged food when we are out and about as they are perfect for travelling with and they are just so damn good these days. Did you make your own baby food? Do you have any great recipes that little SS can try?
Enough cheap shots. The main point of this blog entry is to talk about characterization in Shutter Island.
No doubt one of the biggest questions going through our collective minds is:
I really dislike going to church. I think a lot of it is for show. Some people are honest, but I don’t think its the majority. A lot of preachers teach according to what their own interpretation of the Bible is, which I personally think is stupid. Interpretation of the Bible can go so many ways, yet most of my people seem to go with whatever is said without question. Blind faith makes no sense to me.
The poem for the 2nd round must be performed without a script.
As to Applicant White's connection with the Mohawk tribe, the question was this:
Another similarity of the dragon/dinosaur is the tail. The dragon tail usually has the following features:
ABV=5.502%
One of the most interesting cases is the slime-mould. Mmmmm. These are typically single fungal cells that go about doing what fungal cells do (i.e. degrading work). When they run out of food, they send out chemical signals, and draw together. As they come together (aggragate), the signal becomes stronger, and individuals from further afield join in the party. The result is a dense mass of fungal cells that behaves as an individual organism. At this point, the slime mould can change location and create fruiting bodies to send spores out into the wider world (which is typical of fungi when they run out of food).
Christmas decorations, dental appointments, the “Men in sheds” Xmas lunch for the terminally self-employed.
Once the drawer is built, we're ready to put the drawer slides on the drawer following the instructions that came with the slides (just use the included screws to attach the slides, clamping them on to make sure they're on snug). Also, we used Home Depot's Amerock 22" Self-Closing Drawer Slides. These are basically the cheapest ones you can get ($7.50 per drawer) but they work just fine and I definitely don't need nicer drawer slides in a closet than I have in my kitchen. Once both slides are on, we're ready to take the drawer inside and install the drawer slides on the support boards.
But...you must watch the video yourself!
I will bid my manuscripts farewell this afternoon as they are shepherded off in the Royal Mail van. I hope the stamps on the enclosed brown envelopes are steamed off by the agents’ assistants as soon as they arrive, and that they put them to good use on this year’s Christmas cards. I don’t want any rejections, thanks.
I still love my house. Even if it's causing me a smidgen of stress right now.
And don't you ever forget to drop something into the tip cup for those
Brewery: Bieraria Tschlin, Tschlin, Switzerland
Cereal never looked this good, people.
Today’s Fabulous Room belongs to Ethan Feirstein and Ari Heckman, whose New York home was featured in the latest issue of Lonny. While the one-bedroom is a small space, it is packed with style. For example, I love the collected, masculine look of the pieces in the picture above. Be sure to notice the Greek Key trim on the chair. I also love the bold, abstract painting and maps.
In a world like this I am ready for whatever comes my way, slander, threats, torture, imprisonment, death, I like every genuine, intelligent person know all too well the price for wielding the truth. So it really does not matter what happens to me, because whenever it is that I meet my maker I shall smile, knowing that I did my best in this very, very fucked up world of ours. I have shown my ultimate respect for all life and made my life an example of the price we should be willing to pay in order to make the world right. I am not alone, I am proud to follow in the footsteps of countless people who made one decision, to face the tyranny without fear and without compromise.
Be approachable, listen.
A Plug For a Friend and Colleague -
“Kepa Artaraz’s book is a timely resource for navigating the complex politics of contemporary Bolivia. Through an accessible combination of history, reporting and analysis, Artaraz provides helpful context for understanding the roots, substance and limits of social and political change in Bolivia. “ – Benjamin Dangl, author of The Price of Fire: Resource Wars and Social Movements in Bolivia (2011) and Dancing with Dynamite: Social Movements and States in Latin America (2010).
This is a 3-ply yarn spun from the roving I showed in my previous post. Even though ther was some thin spots in my test-roving it was a pleasure to work with. I spun the singles on a spindle with the roving standing besides me in it’s paper-cover. Worked just perfect! It didn’t break (only in a few places where the roving was very very thin..) and it didn’t collapse when I got to the outer layers of fiber.
Then I put a second layer of sauce, this one much more generous, over the pasta, followed by a decent sprinkling of cheese and breadcrumbs, and lastly, a bit more seasoning.
It’s one of those lessons you just can’t learn often enough in this life–that you can plan and schedule and postulate, but God has the prerogative to interrupt your agenda and alter your plotted course at any time.
Butter a shallow casserole and layer with half
We kept puppy up way to late! He wanted to go to bed far before we did. We had a great time just sitting next to each other by the fire and talking. No one else was around, it was just as I wanted it.
Hey! Don’t pat me there!
On an unrelated note, Nokia recently took over the company I used to use to post all my music on my blog and - to improve their service - are pulling the plug on the whole thing. So if anyone clicks on my old music tracks all they'll get is a bunch of Swedish incompetence and no noise whatsoever.
But last night we arrived two hours after the scheduled start time. I must say, this is the perfect time to arrive. One can only take so much buzzing, lights flashing and kids screaming. We missed nothing. My daughter had more than an adequate amount of time to climb and run around and dance. And eat crap. Which leads me to my second tactic to be Brazilian…
Use curriculum that can be reproduced.
If you have some other ideas about it, drop me a comment.
"Plaid Cymru campaigned to get a fresh start for Ceredigion in the recent local elections. We have now secured a change in the formation of the Council’s Cabinet with a Plaid Cymru leader in charge for the first time ever. This is a major development for Ceredigion and I congratulate Cllr Ellen ap
Location: Magic Kingdom Theme Park
but the ingredients were a little weird. I knew this would be one of those recipes that is going to be really really good.
1 F. William Engdahl, Creative Destruction: Libya in Washington’s Greater Middle East Project–Part II, March 26, 2011, accessed in http://www.globalresearch.ca/index.php?context=va&aid=23961
Mom spotted the French toast at the restaurant we brunched at yesterday; unfortunately, she had already placed her eggs Benedict order. No point of return. This morning, I made her dream come true with my ‘healthy’ version of French toast. Yes, the nutella and the copious amount of butter are missing, but the French toast is still enlivened with fresh produces from the blackberries, crunchiness from the granola with a light toast of powdered sugar sprinkled on top. No snow yet in NYC (fingers-crossed…I am not a winter person), so this is just an homage to our winter season.
While Keyser enjoys using LSDJ to compose his music, he also falls back on his lifetime of instrumental training to aid in his writing process. “I think my best work has come out of having an instrument next to me,” he says. “So I can at least try something out on, say, the guitar or piano, then translate it over and then piece by piece, take a line, put it into the Game Boy, and then layer something over that.”
Hello all! Hope your weekend was great! I feel like it has been forever since I blogged... if you saw my workshop you would understand! I have been working on some really fun projects for clients. The past few weekends, I snapped a few photos of what's been going on at the shoppe.
Can be shallow like the water’s edge
6. Rains are still the most awesomest in Kerala. Ah so green and lush and absolutely romantic it is. It poured like mad a couple of days I was there and unlike here when I tell Ro, 'ah I wish I could have hot vada and chai right now' and could do nothing but just wish for it, back home, I exclaimed it out loud and in an hour I actually had steaming hot vada's and chai on my table.
Oh me-ya oh my-ya you really should try-ya
It's true that I have printed out basic first aid instructions, what to do if your toddler is choking instructions, and rescue breathing instructions and taped them to the refrigerator because you just can't be too safe, can you?
4 allow
Deirdra: In your experience, how has the public responded to faith based books?
come morning.
Restrictions:
You came into my world only for a little while .. got me to think whether it was real or just my fantasy,
1 cup of raisins (soak them in warm water first, for about 20 minutes and then drain)
So, my rant. Banning and challenging books is absolutely garbage in my mind. It's nothing more than censorship dressed up as concern and good parenting. No. I respectfully disagree (and sometimes not so respectfully depending on my mood). In my opinion, good parents don't look to stunt their child's intellectual development or exposure to different ideas simply because they disagree with those ideas. By doing so, I firmly believe that you hold your child back from reaching their full potential. Additionally, if the concern is that your child may be exposed to things that you consider to be immoral, perhaps you should be taking a more active role in talking to your child about what they are reading and why you believe that it is immoral. Having conversations like this and trying to teach your children about your viewpoint and what you consider to be right or wrong is part of your job as a parent.
8am - 5pm: Work
Are you awaiting the arrival of a new baby in your family? Maybe you’re the one who is pregnant or it might be another family member. This area is full of article ideas.
Sweet Pea has become
Hope you're having a stress-free day! Lisa
The Crop and Cow Iron Horse Tour started in Virginia City, MT. this year, leading the bikers through Dell, MT. to Upper Mesa Falls, Idaho and back again.
I’ve always had a hard time saving and judging by how fast time flies, I am not getting any younger. I have to save up for my future already. This means, I have to work harder! Push, push, push! So, I guess, I’ll have to work twice as hard and manage my time better as well!
This week has been a busy one and completely unplanned and unexpected. First, Katie had a sleepover at a friend's house on Monday. No big deal, she's been away from home before and I thought it was funny that she ran into the house and didn't even bother to turn around and say goodbye. I picked her up early on Tuesday morning to go to gymnastics. Her sleep deprivation was evident as she cried pretty much the whole way there telling me she didn't want to go. However, she had fun and even smiled through her session. I'm glad we went because there were only 2 of them there so it's pretty much almost a private lesson. After gymnastics Miss Amy came over to pick the kids up to take them swimming so that I could clean the house for Bible Study that night. I also had some errands to run, groceries to buy, etc. Once again, Katie's sleep deprivation was becoming evident so I asked Amy if she had plans for the evening just in case I needed her to keep the kids. Our group usually hires a sitter for Bible Study, but that would mean the sitter would be at our house with all of the kids and I just had visions of tired, cranky children getting upset at other kids playing with their toys and trying to run downstairs to us. Amy was willing so she kept them all day taking them to the pool, the park, an indoor play place at a restaurant and then over to her grandparents to see their horses and dogs. She took them out to dinner and had effectively worn them out (her goal to get them to sleep at her house) and they both fell asleep within 5 minutes of laying down. I was glad that we made that choice because I know if my kids had been home the excitement level upstairs would have been heightened greatly.
The men all act smarmy and greasy. The women act half-stern, half-swooning, all-girly. In short, there's no acting necessary if all you're going to do is conform to every accepted sexist stereotype of the Fifties. I'm surprised they didn't cast Donna Reed as the Queen.
I think the opposite is true for me it helps me to look at the collage to remind myself of the things I’m hoping to attract and it helps me stay more focused.
These have made our porch feel so much more like a living space and homelike. Plus, we love the practicality of using them!
‘Deaths could have been prevented’ Gerry Collins denies Lynch told Garda not to act No agreement at Armagh St Patrick’s Day parade talks In Pictures: Sneak preview of Belfast’s £90m Titanic Experience Smithwick: Garda ordered to look for Det Sgt Owen Corrigan Unionists have ‘nothing to fear’ from Northern Ireland border poll Hillsborough relatives outraged by ‘drunken Liverpool fans’ claim IRA victim’s father in broadside at Dublin Bookies’ massacre families embark on US lobbying trip Cross community activity and commerce thrive on the Whitewell Asbestos liability rests with those who caused the injury
Before he, or anyone else, knew what was happening, he had screamed out at the top of his lungs(we're talking like a strong gust of wind blowing her hair back) in his girlfriend's face: "TRYYYYY HAAAAARDER!!!!!"
Other important info: It’s 5.5″ x 8.5″, with a flexible heavy-paper cover, very trim, so designed to be stuffed into your purse in doled out during Mass. But note the cover is not paperboard, so don’t let the baby put it in her mouth. Also there’s some info about the Daughters of St. Paul in the back, who have got to have the coolest charism in the universe. Nuns that run bookstores and a publishing company. How awesome is that?
But I know she gives them with much love.
Now click on the picture to get to the hundred pics photobucket slideshow. Some amazing pics by my friend Gonzalo and my girlfriend Stef. The tables looked great if a bit overcrowded (specially for my infantry heavy, medium based, snail speed parade) All the snowy walls and fences are from my collection, which made a great winter board with other people’s scenery.
2. In a large mixing bowl beat butter with an electric mixer on medium for 30 seconds or till soft. Add sugar and vanilla; beat until combined. Add egg whites to the butter one at a time, beating very well in high speed after each addition.
Also during the show, during Bryan’s match, two men came down the stairs on camera side and were holding “YES” signs in the aisles. The two of them were escorted out of the arena and never did come back.
1. Don’t waste your time counting sheep. They are loud and smelly and move surprisingly fast. Instead count something less exciting, such as Supreme Court Justices or list the different genera of Bacteria.
The final thing that I think will safeguard your marriage is regular church attendance. The reason I feel this way is because our church is our family. I've shared many times how they came along side of us when we were falling apart. We have amazing examples of godly marriages in our lives! People we've come to respect and love so deeply. Going to church has also reminded us often to get our eyes off of ourselves and onto God. EVERY time we quit looking at ourselves we see God do amazing things in our marriage.
My 5 steps this week-
They're not pretty--in fact, they look more like summer intern projects at the School of Plastic Surgery and Cosmetology.
-Simmer over medium-low heat 3-5 minutes to reduce the sauce a bit if it is still too thin.
Speaking of positive, and on a completely different note, next week is the Bologna Children's Book Fair, and even as we speak (well, perhaps not "as we speak" seeing as it's the early hours in Europe and they're probably asleep) the rights people from Scholastic are overseas presenting the rights catalogue (including Ghost of Ping-Ling) to potential buyers. I don't really know how long it will take before I find out anything, but should any overseas sales eventuate I'll be shouting it from the rooftops, and probably writing it here in the blog too.
“She was very lovely, thin, and smart as hell. Sexy in her sweet unassuming air. But as I got to her, something happened.
Right, what's next?
So far, so good:
Green Onions, chopped and tipped, save tips for garnish
D) If I had made a libellous accusation, I’d hold my hands up and apologise. However, at most it was defamation of character, although I don’t really see a website as having a character to defame so even that one is dubious. It was a personal opinion, which apparently we are no longer entitled to anymore, that shouldn’t have been seen by more than a few select people who should have been able to read my tweets (I’m still not sure why the protection on my tweets wasn’t there anymore, but it is now so that’s solved). No person was named in it.
So now I am felting the sweaters. Felting involves washing the sweaters on hot and drying them in the dryer on hot as well. This shrinks the weave of the fabric so it'll hold more moisture. Then I will cut my diapers using a combination of the popular Katrina pattern and some of the things I liked about the other diapers I saw online. I will most likely be making shorties with an extended waist. I also found this really cute and easy to follow tutorial if you already own a soaker.
Bought this for the girlfriend. She loves it. Below freezing temps require an additional jacket. If its near or above freezing, though, it is warm enough by itself. Her only complaint was the hood. When left down it looks fine. When up, it is more utilitarian than “cute”. Picture more of an eskimo like look than a loose hooded sweatshirt type look.
less commonly, within organisations such as the UN.
Romaine lettuce, tomatoes, pickled mild banana peppers, radishes, sweet onion vinaigrette, ground flax.
In this post – we will look at using Quartz.
The purpose of this post is to make the Crump-Gracey interlude a little less obscure. The raw data for that chapter falls into two categories, with the New York World's Fair dividing the two. Both sets leave unanswered questions. First, we have the colorful recollections of Rolly Crump about those pre-Fair years. We hear, for example, about a spectacular tableau featuring a ghostly sea captain haunted by his murdered wife, made wondrous through a sophisticated application of Pepper's Ghost. Everyone who saw this thing was blown away by it.
The rest of the weekend I furiously worked on their costumes to get them completed. Anberly's costume was nearly done by the weekend, except for the sleeves on her jacket and her top-hat. The sleeves were completed on Sunday and the hat was not completed until moments before going out the door to trick-or-treat. Whew!
Within the UK: We can supply everything within our site to the UK.
All three novellas feel gritty to me. Not edgy, I suppose, but I tend to lean toward a more realistic approach in my writing. For me, that usually means a darker feel. I think where this comes from is my childhood when I grew up reading those Grimm’s and Anderson fairy tales. Many of them are not happy and light. Many of them, I’d say, are disturbing. You reach the end and sometimes you’ll think what the …??? Then you’ll think. And think some more. It was always in those moments of really thinking about the fairy tales that I found the magic inside them. That is what I’ve aimed for in my novellas in BONDED. They are exciting and entertaining, in my opinion, but the most important layer to them is one that I hope will stick with readers long after they read them. I hope that most important layer captures what I always felt growing up. I believe that kind of a layer is what makes us keep coming back to fairy tales over and over.
With Year One pupils (aged five to six years), we celebrated each child’s family (whatever shape it took) and planned lessons around a series of superb picture books: And Tango Makes Three by Justin Richardson and Peter Parnell; The Family Book by Todd Parr and The Sissy Duckling by Harvey Fierstein.
soft gold swaths
Generally for a champagne cocktail that includes spirits, I will not add more than three ounces of "champagne," maximum. In fact, less is usually better, though it depends on the specific ingredients. In the past, when I have followed a recipe that called for more than three ounces, balance was quickly lost as the dryness of the wine took over. Now, with sparklers that do not include spirits, each drink must be evaluated individually. I found that adding three ounces of sparkling wine to the Maharajah's Burra-Peg worked very well.
For the 3 embellishments I need for the challenge … I have the glittery brads on the pink panels; the flower and the candy dot in the middle of the flower.
Since I am a “Bear”, I love to dress up in comfortable and loose fitting gowns. I am planning a fashion gallery soon so you can see all of my fabulous vestments and how I have had swastikas beautifully added to them.
The reality is, the owner is moving in to do repairs and update the unit. So eventually, he will want to move into our unit. Or work around us. He mentioned that and while my company was not okay with doing that with the upstairs neighbors, they are okay with doing that with us because...well, I work for them. I also think it might just be easier for us to temporarily move upstairs while repairs/remodeling is done in our unit, but we will see.
He argued that the tolls had to be enforced to enable the SA National Roads Agency (Sanral) to repay its loan of R20-billion, used to finance the improvement of highways around Pretoria and Johannesburg in the last two years.
Who weeps in all his thoughts and is despondent,
We had a fun Thanksgiving weekend with family and friends. We spent turkey day at Pat's house with family on Kyle's side and then the Hoffman's (fam on Jill's side) came over on Friday morning and stayed with us for one night. Quality time with family is very important to us and we are thrilled that Brodie already has so many awesome memories of fun times spent with cousins. Love it. The Lord has blessed us so and we are grateful to Him and for Him.
Now I know that making your own wedding album might not sound all that crazy to the average Jill, but if you’ve ever done a project like this, you might recognize that this is a task meant for only the truly ambitious (read: mentally ill) brides and/or grooms among us. Remember your high school yearbook? It was, what? 60 pages? There were probably fifteen kids on the staff killing themselves to put it out at the end of the year. And they didn’t even have jobs! So before you embark on a project like making your own album, you must ask yourself, are you feeling equal to fifteen over-achieving teenagers?
I struggled a lot with the concept of flesh; and its supposed weakness and its goading. It had to be mortified, which was a huge challenge, the flesh being omnipresent. In the ninth commandment, the union of man and woman was described using the words "the work of the flesh". The mystical body of Christ, the body of the Church --- this religion certainly used a lot of physiology even in its most spiritual aspect.
Micah - running and doing cartwheeles, flips and walking on my head
and a wonderful salmon recipe...
I might as well throw them away.
I seriously went to the grocery store and got all the ingredients in less than 20 minutes. Now that's a record for me :-) I walked into the store and headed straight to the produce section. I found the tomatoes and sorted through them until I found eight beautifully shaped tomatoes. I split them into two bags to make sure they wouldn't get squished along the way.
I guess no.
Ink/Colouring - Stazon (black), Distress inks (walnut stain, antique linen, pumice stone, weathered wood, stormy sky, black soot, forest moss), watercolour pencil (skin), Distress Stain (picket fence) and Adirondack Mixatives (snow cap)
Finally she let out a sigh and slowly opened her eyes.
Two days off now so lot's of time to be getting on with finishing the started. Right?
Everyone is socially awkward.
Nothing.
Generated water,
I'm a big fan of the innovative and interactive foodie website, "What The Fuck Should I Make for Dinner". It gives you many different dinner options and links to the recipes, based on whether or not you're a vegetarian. It will keep searching for appropriate links until you find something interesting to cook. Totally cool and useful!
My shoulder is acting up. Again. Don't think I'm up to tackling the housework that needs done. It will just have to wait another day.
The Backworlds Series will be a space opera series set on planets in our galaxy. My premise is that humans on Earth 'improved' ourselves to be able to live on a variety of worlds. Then humans decided they didn't like what they had created and try to take it back. This resulted in a war. The series begins during a truce between the Foreworlds and the Backworlds. Thank you to the Husband Unit for the last bits of inspiration both of these stories needed.
This announcement makes perfect sense, if you were in our living room 5 minutes earlier as my husband was having a coughing fit and PJ asked “Are you ok?”
I'll admit it; tears were shed. They were not Bug's.
So, in a nation where North Africa (via a few hours in a boat from Turkey), Central Asia, Russia and the EU all meet, trade and use as a logistical hub, it is unsurprising that serious and organised crime is here and is likely to remain. How Ukraine and the region should address it are thoughts for another day and yet another exceedingly long post.
"We busted out of class had to get away from those fools/ We learned more from a three minute record than we ever learned in school." - "No Surrender" by The Boss
The story opened with Winston guiltily doubting the perfect society he was in. No singing, dancing, dating, keeping trinkets from the past. Everything and everyone is monitored. Showing emotions, even facial expressions, is not allowed. If caught, he will be evaporated. Despite the restrictions, Winston started his own rebellion by writing in a journal. Yes, reading and writing is not allowed too. Can you imagine?!! They have a gadget called speakwrite; therefore reading and writing is not necessary. Then, Winston started having dreams, dreams he could not afford to get caught with because they are monitored, by the Thought Police. Winston doesn’t know what to do with his conscious/unconscious inner rebellion, but he silently revels in it. Surely, Emmanuel Goldstein and the Brotherhood exist, he thought, and this gave him hope. Then everything changes when Julia communicated with him.
And he says the same things. HE was the one that said he was “addicted” on Monday. He said that he can’t stop thinking about me. He told me I was his crack. He tells me he could kiss me all day. That he is going to make sure he’s in town more often. He makes it a point to stop by my office every day when he’s in town. The other day he was here and said he had to leave because he was getting too worked up. Then he came right back, got right up in my ear and whispered, “best sex in YEARS”. He says he cannot wait to meet the kids. He says he wants me to watch him play hockey. He said he can’t wait to watch me run my next race. He said he can’t wait until we both have a free weekend so he can take me away somewhere. He said he wants to go to Vegas soon. He said he wants me to come to his place (we live about 1 1/2 hours away from each other) and hang out by the pool all day. He says he can’t wait to see everyone’s reaction when they find out about us because we have so many friends/coworkers in common that would never think we’d get together. He says he’s not joking when he makes those comments about marriage.
Canada and especially SK are notoriously high emitters per capita.
Like I mentioned earlier, the past couple of weeks have helped the cause along...
The Disputed Inventor of Stainless Steel
Cremata told the audience about the case of the Cuban Five: Gerardo
So why was I still not 100 percent comfortable with hiring a maid?
There is no doubt that by virtue of the material and political resources they own, some of these families have a great deal of power in today’s world. They appear to form the core of what we call today the Illuminati. However, are they conspiring to create a New World Order? Here’s a quote from David Rockefeller’s memoirs that might answer some questions:
The Passion for Writing - From Linda's Pen
Word on the digital street regarding the less-than-a-year-old Lieu: get yourself there, the sooner the better – it’s absolutely ripe for a star. Trusting in the judgement of Chowhounders/TripAdvisors over those stuffed shirts at Michelin (kidding, please give me a job), we snag Easter Sunday lunch reservations at the chef’s table.
For Now We Are Six, a set of medieval riddles, and the nursery rhyme Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star, the St. Eleye Primary School Junior Choir took over. The male members of the band rolled up their trousers in the studio and sang falsetto, while Peter - described on the sleeve as "Miss Knight" - played piano.
Possibilities include classics such as Ant-Man, the alter-ego of mad scientist Dr. Henry Pym, and Dr. Strange, the mystical go-to guy whenever there’s an extradimensional threat. Both are connected to the Avengers line of characters that Marvel had started developing for the big screen long before Disney made the deal; Iron Man and the Hulk are among the Avengers that Marvel already has tapped.
Narrator of “Animals”
Not all puppy mill dogs adjust to life after rescue as well as Ms. Ruby has. The emotional scars can last for years. The Moms feel incredibly fortunate that their girl is both trusting and resilient, eager to give and receive love. Which she does, on a daily basis. You can see it, can't you, in the sweet, single brown eye she offers up to the camera in the photo above? You are mine, I am yours, that serene gaze seems to say. This lesson I have learned, happily.
Swenson, one year Palm’s junior, came to America in 1836 with nothing, and worked his way across the country as a clerk and bookkeeper. He was the first Swede to come to Texas, arriving in 1838. He became overseer of a plantation near Richmond, Texas, and after the owner died, Swenson married his widow. A few years later he initiated efforts to encourage Swedish immigration to Texas.
The Ledbury in London was the highest climber in 2012, moving up 20 spots from 2011.
The response to the blog has been really great and I have met some
Share on Sunday, what have you girls been up to this week?
* Upload your routes to see elevation
Here is a step by step guide to enjoying a Ramune, a surprisingly difficult process for those unfamiliar with the product
Slipping through the cracks, falling in silence,
Ginger, 5 slices
Dr. Mosse expounds on the claim that comic books provide an outlet for a child's innate "aggressiveness". First she goes into a discussion about Sigmund Freud's theory of the "death instinct", an instinct she believes comic books play on. As opposed to a "life instinct", the "death instinct" needs an outlet and is a powerful obstacle to culture, explaining all forms of violence from wars to discrimination, cruelty and exploitation. According to Dr. Mosse, "aggression" is a state of readiness to commit an act of cruelty and cause pain in others/oneself, and that aggression comes from "frustration", which is then channeled towards "fantasy" and stimulated by "desire" or "wish fulfillment".
Roy loses his temper and punches her. He then says it isn't like him and explains that's why they can't work together, telling her "You're disgusting. Your mind is so filthy, it's hard to look at you." He says "Goodbye." and shows her the door. Leaving she remarks "And you don't even know it." Roy starts dialing the phone. We see Myra in the elevator saying "Mama. Mama. You'll get yours Mama." We see Lilly at her place picking up the phone. Roy asks her if they can just talk. She offers to drive up but Roy says he'll come to her. She seems delighted, but says "It won't be a home cooked meal you know."
So, I'm signing off to get on with it. I hope you all find the will get on with it too. Happy writing!
Sooner than later the 99% were going to emerge with force against the wall streeters who control power and resources, and who hold the peoples' future mortgage by their unfair and immoral trade practices. They sell and resell debt; they exploit people by making money off home loans, credit card, student and car loans. They make money by creating nothing that is tangible or of utility. They do not manufacture; they do not provide essential services; they do not even entertain. But they make so much money, and charge exorbitant travel and food expenses just to appear legitimate. They are parasites. And now that they have run out of ways to make profits that would subsidize their hedonistic ultra consumerist lifestyles, they want to privatize social security.
Perhaps this explains why the BDS movement is so much stronger and more vociferous in the UK than in any other country.
2. Scarlet Tanager:
I have important interactions with a wide variety of people throughout my work day. Living my life as a Follower of Christ is massively important to those interactions. I have important responsibilities and expectations in my job. Following God's law and His purpose for my life help me to be an employee with a solid work ethic.
“Umm..Hmm..Err.. Why do you ask this actually?” she asked cautiously, hoping to buy some more time to answer her previous question.
Sent: 5/27/2011
I started writing in the latter years of elementary school and continued throughout high school. I gained intense enjoyment out of creating worlds and putting those worlds onto paper. At that point in time, I had always imagined my life would contain writing on some level. I wasn’t sure if I wanted to do it full-time or if it was something that I wanted to do for myself. A wise person, a mentor of mine, made a suggestion at the crossroads of my life, trying to guide me in pursuing the best education possible. At that junction I made a choice that I don’t regret, but I do wish I had made a few addendums to. I should have carried on writing fiction; instead I traded it in for the long nights of academic papers and lab reports. It wasn’t until I was facing down an illness that I rediscovered the joy that writing had once held for me. Since then, there has been no looking back.
Also, after writing posts for the past four years (my first here was on September 10, 2007), I feel as if I've accomplished most of what I was trying to accomplish and have written most of what I wanted to write regarding debt reduction, frugality, and cooking. I just don't have much else to say.
Will you be able to post a review during the tour: Y/N?
increase the value of our advice to consumers immeasurably, and quite possibly
At a certain point very close to the end, though, I got stuck. The rock face’s craggy outcroppings just weren’t yielding any good handholds for me to hoist myself up, and I really didn’t see any way to get to the top. I peered toward the ground and told the guy belaying me that I couldn’t make it and that he should bring me down.
Meet Gill Shermeister – One of the Co-Authors of the Body Language Cards
Skiffle.
taunt you at the front windows. Crystal also sells these via her Etsy shop from time to time, but she put that hobby on the back burner due to the demand for her natural vegan cosmetics.
this was my mid to late thirties.........
When I came home from the holidays I was extremely depressed. All of this love and time spent with family and Lambertville friends was suddenly ripped from me. There I was, smack back in a reality that was both lonely and exhausting. I cried on the inside often and every once in a while a tear would sneak its way down my cheek.
Well, for now...Happy New Year!
Thank you all.
I still love my job, even though the honeymoon easy workload period has long gone. Working really hard and still enjoying it, there must be something wrong with me.
Reminiscent of classic Motown, ‘She’s On Fire’s’ soulful grooves and slick vocals are manna from heaven for multi-award winner Maya Jane Coles, who drives a beat akin to a rolling steam-train underneath Bo Saris’ sweet, love-sick harmonies.
I realize that all of you reading this may not be Christians, or may not have a belief system in place. Please understand that I'm not posting this to offend, but as a Christian and believer in Christ, I pray and ask for prayer when needed. In the same token, anything you ever read on this blog is written by me, and doesn't reflect anyone else's beliefs or opinions that is associated with the colourQ.
Number of unusual words infelicitously repeated a few pages apart: 1 ('occluded')
"Fine. When and if she comes around I will take you to a book signing." I said.
Dear Sir -- Seven o'clock and retired to my bedside, I have determined to enter into conversation with you. This is a village of about 15,000 inhabitants when the court is not here, and about 20,000 when they are, occupying a valley through which runs a brook and on each side of it a ridge of small mountains, most of which are naked rock. The King comes here, in the fall always, to hunt. His court attends him, as do also the foreign diplomatic corps; but as this is not indispensably required and my finances do not admit the expense of a continued residence here, I propose to come occasionally to attend the King's levees, returning again to Paris, distant forty miles. This being the first trip, I set out yesterday morning to take a view of the place. For this purpose I shaped my course towards the highest of
Thursday:
2 mature
Firstly, turn to the left, there is something you need to know about those cute guys in the posters. Rob Lowe- he’ll disappoint you for a while there will be a sordid little sex scandal, but eventually you will forgive him and thirty years on he’s still pretty hot. Scott Baio – enjoy him now, you are seeing him at his peak – it doesn’t get much better than Happy Days for him. Matt Dillon – he does OK, even gets an Academy Award nomination, you keep losing track of him but every now and then you wander into a cinema and he pops up unexpectedly on the screen reminding you of another time. By the way, you don’t marry any of them.
He gave me food and somewhere to sleep
Upon his arrival, Alex discovers that the images and territories in the Starfighter arcade game represent an actual conflict between the Rylan Star League and the Ko-Dan Empire; the latter is led by Xur (Norman Snow), a traitor to whom the Ko-Dan Emperor has promised control of Rylos itself. The game was designed as a test to find those "with the gift"; Alex is expected to pilot an actual Starfighter spacecraft called the Gunstar. He also discovers that The Frontier is an array of planetary-scale force fields that protect Rylos and its surrounding planets from invasion and that Xur has given the Ko-Dan the means to breach it.
It's one of the things I love about running. The very complexion of the course changes dramatically by uncontrollable whims of weather. You have to be prepared on race day for whatever is thrown at you, and you never quite know what will happen. While I don't like running in the wind and rain, there's a heightened sense of accomplishment at the end when you've overcome these additional barriers. When you think about it, life's personal and professional struggles are rarely carried out in pristine, clinical conditions. Many times, the things we deal with come are messy, complicated, and sometimes down right chaotic. Running isn't any different.
Earlier this week I received The Lovely Blog Award from Math Coach's Corner. I kept putting off my post about it until I'd have more time to award it to 15 blogs who have never received it before. At this point, I just don't think it's going to happen. Unfortunately, I haven't had the time to go through my blog roll to find those people who haven't received it yet and probably find a few new blogs. So I'll gladly accept the award and offer it to anyone who has not yet received it to feel free to take it. But I'd also like to share some blogs I love that you may or may not know about.
“The tone I used during the Budget debate was too sarcastic which caused me to be misunderstood. If there is a repeat, I will be more direct.”
So who ultimately is in charge and has the final word - the lead role so to speak? Perhaps this case will bring that into focus and give us an answer. I think it's a pretty good question.
I am finally going to be able to make use of my white boards this year. The easel and stuff hanging back in the back has now been removed! :) I put my small group table back in the middle of the classroom this year so I can see what all my munchkins are up too at ALL TIMES :) I look forward to getting back in my room in a few weeks and getting it all cutesy again. Hopefully it wont take a whole month like it did last year....
Wittgenstein… which Werner Erhard and then Landmark Education borrowed in turn- though none of them called it God or anything else, as far as I know.) Other than “we can’t describe it in words,” we obviously can’t say much about it, can we?
“Our optimistic case RNAV (revised net asset value) for Proton is at RM5.80 per share, which takes into account an optimistic valuation of loss-making subsidiary Group Lotus at RM1bil, based on an old speculated bid by a Chinese investor. This also factors in a high seven times PE (price-earnings ratio) for Proton’s domestic operations,” says UOB Kay Hian Research.
But well, it fits me and I'm happy!
and to his son, black tea.
Balance is the key.
Yeah, the clothes are beautiful and everything, but the WRITING - it's like getting a little volume of poetry, of gorgeous vignettes, of lovely little 50-word stories that transport you beyond clothing and and accessories into the place you want to be while wearing them.
I wonder, what is the worst mistake you’ve ever made? What makes you cringe with embarrassment when you remember what you said or did at some time? What event or action overwhelms you with sadness or regret as you consider the outcome? How often have you revisited the event in your mind and thought: ‘If only I …’? There is often the accompanying thought that things will never be good again, life is blighted forever.
That's all for now... thanks for stopping by! :)
In this sense, amid a causally-determined Universe of cause and effect, it seems to me that my having laid a stick upon the sapling is as natural as a branch falling onto it.
And if Fischer thinks his fellow Americans should be denied work because they are gay, what is he proposing they do? Should they just starve to death?
- I don't have the right, you know, um, words for this. I don't think I can't put a word to a particular flavour or aroma, at least not one that anyone else would understand. E@L is not Paul Giacometti in Sideways, apart from the grumpy bitter part, more Thomas Haden Church without the bad-boy charm.
Where the banner at daybreak is flapping.
You wanna be where everybody knows
This eventually faded and became a series of photographically realistic images of architectural details. These were presented to me as if I were a camera with a rather close lens, panning or gliding by the surfaces in beautiful slow motion. I saw a very detailed exterior wall with part of a window frame – then a very pretty kitchen wall of tiles – then a porch floor of nice wooden slats – then another section of some other wall or floor and so on.
And needless to say, there is zero evidence that we are prepared to seriously address the problem of global warming sufficiently enough to actually achieve the 2-degree goal. This is because we are a short-sighted, greedy, and not-quite-intelligent-enough species, and the world we bequeath to future generations will be severely damaged as a result. Very likely we will go down in history as a generation of obnoxious assholes who were too enthralled with our SUVs and plastic tchotchkes to make even the most minimally adequate moral calculations about our actions.
Well, it's a little of all that, tied up with harsh words to myself of 'I won't update my blog until...
‘Consciousness is the unity or coexistence of two qualities of intelligence that are contradictory to each other,’ Maharishi continued. ‘Singularity or self-referral Samhita, and diversity of Rishi, Devata, and Chhandas.
No wonder the men of God support and sustain you sisters in your unique roles, for the act of deserting home in order to shape society is like thoughtlessly removing crucial fingers from an imperiled dike in order to teach people to swim. Elder Neal A. Maxwell (“The Women of God,” Ensign, May 1978, 10)
24. Imperialism Exposed Again looks at the lies and duplicity of Imperialism in relation to Libya. It also exposes the danger that some of the Liberal Left have wandered into, by their choosing of sides in Civil Wars, on the basis of some form of "lesser-evilism".
First of all, let me pinch myself. This is my first guest blog and I'm here...where it's so sunny!!? I couldn't be happier! I am honored to write a guest post for my sweet funny blogger friend Denise. Over the years, I have been blessed to have parent volunteers in my classroom. And every year, at the end of the year, I want to get my room parent (or other volunteers) a little appreciation gift. But honestly, rarely do I find creative gifts for parent volunteers. Of course, it got me thinking...and with a little help from pinterest....here are:
- Jeni uses Ugandan vanilla beans, but I used some beautiful ones that I'd ordered online recently. I usually rub the vanilla seeds into the sugar to keep them from clumping together but this time I forgot. As it turned out, with all of the whisking in this recipe, the seeds separated and were dispersed nicely.
a. The other is to blame…
The other evening I was sitting alone at the dining room table, lost in thought.
You must make up your mind that God’s Word would be the only
Oh. And it's probably time for a new pair of shoes.
We need only to finish second to win the grant.
A little of both, i like the morning but its getting up thats the issue
The truth is that in this era of questionable role models for our girls (and boys) there is nothing wrong with a party with this cute "boy next door." He's a great guy clean cut. It has been documented to have worked hard to develop their talents and loves music and instruments. His manner is gentle, humble, even in its many appearances on David Letterman, Jon Stewart, Ozzy, or bowling with Selena Gomez.
Internet Complicated fish net repair method
I hope you like this card.You can put in several sayings in the bottle which makes this set fun!
Now we need to find somewhere to camp for a few days beforehand. We did this in 2010 - 4 nights camping at a fabulous site on Bodmin Moor before we headed to our usual holiday cottage. It made the cost of the petrol to get there and back much more worthwhile, without increasing the cost of the holiday by much at all. Most importantly we spent more time in a place we love, enjoying life's simple pleasures- long, lazy breakfasts, glorious views, blackberry picking during walks down deserted country lanes and reading books without thinking I should really be doing something else.
According to the woman on my left, we’re now above the Growing State coast. The plane is three miles up and, because it’s a bit bumpy, my handwriting is messier than I would normally permit. The couple next to me is amicable, friendly, and, in the case of the wife, just a tidge bit pleasantly eccentric. It’s really beautiful in the sky, but I’m excited to land and be reunited with my family.
The run was everything I needed it to be! It was a huge morale boost and I am feeling like I am where I need to be in my Leadville Training. There is something about these mountains, and about these races. They seem to bring out the best in us as humans. These runs through the hills seem to make us find a place in our souls where no one and nothing can touch us, where negativity is thrust aside and optimism is the weapon of choice. To say that is healing, is a dramatic understatement, it’s transforming and every race drives that home a little bit more.
as you pull the little heart charm
Brewed: 06-13-2008
Indeed, one could I’M SORRY I CAN’T HEAR YOU MY BULLSHIT DETECTOR IS GOING OFF TOO LOUDLY.
Last week, I decided to write Steven's verse on the chalkboard in the kitchen (which had not been updated since I put a countdown to Mabelyn's due date on it and still said "Mabelyn is here!"). This way, I can work with him on his verse all week without pulling out his book to make sure I have the wording correct.
Was great to be away with 2 awesome girlies.
So on this trip she was wanting to grab for the herbs, so I had to hand her over to Dad to save her from the horrible sting!
Next up is the Doctor Who series 6 DVD boxset, allowing me to rewatch whenever I want. It also includes the Doctor Who mini episodes collectively called "Night and the Doctor" which details some of the things the Doctor gets up to while his companions are asleep.
The playground equipment is built for all ages, but it's all one unit. It does have sand fill, my favorite kind. The toddler slide was just too easy to pass by and keep climbing up where the big kids can go. My one yr old thought it was great fun to just keep climbing as high as she could go. The structure was great fun for my 4 yr old and the swarm of other kids her size. It's also a heavily used play structure and shows signs of wear and sun fading. The big tube slide was broken and blocked off at the top, but the kids were climbing up into from the bottom. Since it was blocked off, I'm sure the parks department is well aware of the problem and will repair it sometime soon.
Nietzsche’s main themes can be summarized by the titles of his main books. Each is, in a different way, an attack on faith. The center of Nietzsche’s philosophy is always the same: He is as centered on Christ as Augustine was, only he centered on Christ as his enemy.
You need to ensure you determine a plan to operate on your enterprise and stay with that routine. If you do not place the time you should to your network marketing business, it will fall short. Just like with anything else, you need to put effort and time into what you really are undertaking in order to be successful.Click the link to view a bit more online distance learning programs
PFC Fisher
Frans Johansson, author of The Medici Effect, was also a phenomenal speaker! He spoke about creating breakthrough innovations by thinking outside the box and working at intersections of different disciplines/cultures, etc. Key points I obtained from him include:
Although I did publish my short response to the anonymous commentator, I feel that answers to these type of questions should best be delivered in a separate posting, as I feel that there are many people worldwide, including South Africans, who are not aware of the root cause of this horrific onslaught by the African savages that live among us.
Click cover for more info!
Born in London several seasoned decades ago, he was named Olufela Olufemi Anikulapo Kuti. Blessed with an innate sixth sense, like a seer Kuti is intuitively in touch with the world-physically and spiritually. Consequently, he is adept in his lyrics at predicting things that are destined to happen.
It looks way better in real life, the brown border makes it look a bit dull in the photos.
I particularly get inspired by the story of a guy named Don Campbell, who didn't seem to give a damn that he wasn't doing something "right." This is a part of his bio that I pulled from Wikipedia:
This post is a little late - but I still wanted to get it up to show you all the things we made for our New Year's Eve party. My basic party philosophy is: 1.) put out lots and lots of delicious food (all over your house so people don't congregate in one place) 2.) pour strong drinks and 3.) bring together engaging, interesting people from all different parts of your life. I guarantee everyone will have a blast...everything else is icing on the cake.
We went back and forth, texting coquettishly. Finally we agreed to meet for dinner before the social at Abuelo's at the Large Outdoor Mall in the Bigger Town near My Small Town. Dinner led to coffee, coffee led to smooching (hooray for smooching!), which led to seeing each other again yesterday for a late lunch at Pei Wei and a screening of New Year's Eve, the latest movie that is trying to be the next Love Actually. It was cute... but Love Actually reigns supreme in the genre of cute romantic comedies with lots of little stories that tie into one great movie.
Musical adventures are underway. More on that very soon.
“Ask not what your teammates can do for you. Ask what you can do for your teammates.” – Magic Johnson
Please send your name and address to lpionk@aol.com Please put blog candy winner in the subject line and I will get them sent to you.
when you’re sure you hid the stained scarf,
Fat Burger was voted for Best Burger in Los Angeles and Las Vegas. Their specialty/motto is their burgers are made from pure Premium US Angus Beef, grilled to order every day to ensure freshness.
Tosh and I were talking it over and we also decided that we have now established a new standard for fly fishing photojournalism as pertaining to fly fishing culture _ bratwursts pics. Brats on the grill have become winter standard fare for fuel on my streamer trips _ they are fast, sustaining and all importantly hot. My favorite presentation involves ‘slaw and a good hot sauce. But now apparently brats are gaining a level of counter culture cool one held by PBR’s in the can and flat brimmed caps.
Note: Several years ago I began a project running through the Beatles' catalog. I didn't get very far in that effort, but I felt it was worthwhile archiving that work here. Enjoy, if you dare!
You know, we're lucky, I'm lucky to be surrounded by such talent, such genius, people who are willing to work with me and who are so eager to do so much... such greatness.
gets out every day for a run in the cherry orchard and if WE have any extra energy, she gets out twice a day.
Existing drug driving law
Yeah, the famous Catholic church of pornography is working double time in an effort to corrupt our kids. Yet millions still give them money in the form of a tithe. I guess someone has got to pay the salary of child rapist, it might as well be Christians that apparently think it is moral to do so.
Zombease because Zombies. Even the C.D.C. recognizes the fact that we will eventually have an outbreak of them.
And also it's more fun to pack bags of tomatoes into a freezer during the sweaty hot months of August and September than it is to stand over, say, a giant boiling pot of water for an entire day while watching the boob sweat expand to cover my entire body.
Friday, February 3: Sadly, today is the boys’ last day in Oman. I’m so sad to see them go, but I know they have been getting homesick and they’re anxious now to be on their way. We have a whole long day ahead of us, though, as their plane doesn’t leave tonight until 10:45 p.m. We originally thought we might want to go snorkeling today, but we don’t feel like getting up at the crack of dawn to do so. So we sleep in, eat another leisurely breakfast at the Safeer Suites, and then do a little shopping in various spots in Muscat.
ME: "What money?"
Cornish game hen with spiced apple-prune stuffing & maple-pecan Brussels sprouts with McCoy's Winter Warmer - 8.5% ABV.
Thank you, Jake.
And in time they hoped their hearts would start to mend.
Thanks for entering this contest and there are a few other contests coming up so stay tuned!
The horse drawn dray, carting the prisoner, was accompanied by an armed guard, who would stop the dray outside the pub and ask the prisoner if he would like "one last drink."
My rating?
Just ask. Be a man and do it!
LB: As devoted as publishers are to the books they acquire, the industry, in the last few years, has seen fewer acquisitions of debuts and “mid-list” (not quite bestselling) titles. Publishers are still gambling on the rare blockbuster bestseller: which means the books with the most commercial, often those written by celebrities and not writers, are given the most investment in the ramp up to publication day. This means debuts and mid-list titles naturally fall to the wayside, and this can be hard to swallow; challenging, even, for those authors paid a substantial advance and naturally expecting that “the love would be there” come launch time. I’ve worked with in-house teams very dedicated to their books, and with in-house publicists particularly good in approaching radio and television connections for appropriately “big” (i.e. controversial, political or celebrity) books. These publicists turn to proprietary media lists, which they figure, if these outlets worked for one book, they should theoretically work for the next book in a similar category. But this is a paint-by-numbers approach. There’s rarely time – I can vouch for this, having lived it within the Publicity Department at HarperCollins – to craft any kind of promotional strategy, and certainly nothing too creative, social, or multi-media, when finished books have just hit your desk. There’s negligible bandwidth to listen to an author’s specific ideas, to manage those expectations, or even to leverage an author’s particular connections, possibly the best resource authors have to promote themselves.
11) Keep it in an air-tight container and store in the fridge. Best to be consumed within a week.
Reservations are best and cheapest if made directly:
There are flowers on the vintage Theodore Haviland china, a recent local estate sale find (reduced on the final day of the sale to only $50 for eight place settings, including cups and saucers, creamer & sugar, platter, and vegetable bowl). The gold-colored glass chargers (a Goodwill purchase) visually separate the china from the cotton lace placemats and add "weight" to offset the tall centerpiece.
I hope this is good news for our local, Victoria Pharmacy on Victoria Road.
Knocken knees here and everything! Over the last
I soothe my restlessness by spending early mornings in the garden, with a lot of strong and hot earl grey. today was one of those perfect mornings, when everything comes together and falls into place for a moment. the only thing that could make it better would be if sean bean decided to stop by for some tea. alas, he didn't (I'm sure it's only a matter of time), but it was still quite splendid.
My favorite room is always the one I just finished. I don't know if it's relief that it's finally done, or if each just gets better than the last. I guess if I had to choose, it'd be my kid's rooms because of the joy they get from having their own fun spaces.
We checked out the arcade while waiting for my turn to come up. Isabel immediately headed to the skee ball lanes. Its in her blood. Both Sean and I like skee ball. Our old Friday night date night back in our pre-hitched days was for Sean to drive up to my house from Lawrence, and we’d head out for dinner and then go to PowerPlay….which was basically the more run down/cheaper version of Dave & Busters. Yeah….we were pretty wild and crazy. Then we’d spend most of our time (and money) trying to out do each other on skee ball. So I took a few minutes to show Isabel the basics….
I have been making grand plans for next week as I am off school/work for Spring break. In a perfect world I would accomplish the following:
Postma MJ, Bos JM, van Gennep M, Jager JC, Baltussen R, Sprenger MJ. Economic evaluation of influenza vaccination. Assessment for The Netherlands. Pharmacoeconomics 1999; 16 (Suppl.): 40.
The Walt Disney Co. is making a $4.2 billion bet that they will as it nears completion of its acquisition of Marvel Entertainment this week. The cash-and-stock deal brings those characters and thousands of others to an entertainment empire that already includes Mickey Mouse, Kermit the Frog and Hannah Montana.
David Templeton
The example of the implementation of Singleton in Java you can see on the slide.
I can still clearly remember during those years how my two sons and I enjoyed working on the many projects together, -- practical assignments that were an essential part of the OBE system of project-based learning. Although there were times when I felt that it was MY project and not the child’s that was going to be presented to the school, some teachers were quick to identify when a specific project showed an above average degree of ‘parental influence’. I really hated those teachers when ‘MY projects’ got such low marks!
Today, I have all my windows open...feels great after a long, stuffy winter.
Last night we attended the Cardinals' first home game, albeit a preseason one. It was a really HOT walk from the parking lot to the stadium. I needed a shower after we got to our seats, which are in the upper, upper deck. :^) But we can see the whole field really well, and our seats are on the 35-yard line, so I am happy with the location. The game was fun to watch--saw some really exciting plays on both sides of the ball. And the walk back to the car was not as traumatic--it was dark, the air and pavement had cooled off, and a little breeze was blowing. All in all, a nice evening to share with Gary.
I hope that what I am building is greater than any cathedral in the world.
I always love hearing from new friends and I hope by reading this you know more about me than you ever wanted to! Blogland is a grand place and I so enjoy "meeting" new friends and hearing your comments and emails. If perhaps I didn't answer any questions you have, feel free to email me at artymcgoo@yahoo.com
and enjoyed good food.
There’s plenty of facts that I can’t possibly mislead you with though; there’s no denying the amazing quality of any of our rugs, they’re all hand woven using Indian techniques passed through many generations. All of our rugs are made using 100% natural materials, whether you’re buying a woven leather rug, a wool rug or one of our organic cotton rugs, we guarantee that ZERO synthetic material goes into your rug.
“I know, Mrs. Archer, that‘s okay. What does his stool look like?”
Rid me of myself
Branch code : 02-4909
Where you don't want negative ease is in a jumper (sweater to the American readership!) - unless you're willowy svelte and slim with no excess of flab or muffin-top spare tyre you want plenty of positive ease! I'm at the stage where I'll adjust my pattern shaping accordingly, like my last teal jumper where I modified the waistline shaping - in my case to not much shaping at all, as it was a short jumper. I've just started another lacy jumper which is quite longline and more tunic-like, so I'm looking forward to seeing how this will turn out.
Weeelll....apparently I'm a little late to the linky party, but better late than never I say! Jeannie at Kindergarten Lifestyle is hosting a Kinder-2nd linky party for all of our blogs! I'm so excited, and I just had to link up! Click on the picture below for more information.
Then how would I feed my Twitter addiction?
This is the prettiest ornament I've ever seen in a Christmas tree.
Click on the image just to the right - the scarf has a mention there too!!
Unity is an Islamic obligation and a necessity. We must strive for unity and reject secession everywhere. The great Sudan must remain a great Sudan. It is prohibited for a Muslim to vote for the secession, and it is a disgrace for a non-Muslim to do so. Sudan should remain united for all the Sudanese. This is in the best interest of both the south and north Sudanese. There is no benefit to partitioning and disintegration.
We’re really fed up in Park Slope with the constant film crews (and cops milling about when they could be doing more productive work). Is this because the scouts are so lazy they can’t find other locations? I really wish the film industry would get out of New York.
Come and drink beer with me!
Now I want to write my way back
Raven, stem of battle
Goal 3) To teach them to glorify God. Our purpose here on earth is to glorify God. We want our boys to be aware of that purpose.
I bet they want to. Though I wonder, are we strong enough to reflect their crudeness? Do we stand and stare back until they know what fools they’ve been to even consider it? Have we embodied so much of the priestess we are meant to be that they dare not even try?
I am sponsoring the gorjuss challenge blog this week and this is my card....Hope you are all having a wonderful easter break..me i am doing the garden and thinking about my royal wedding baking....we are having high tea in the garden with all the family
This was so delicious, especially since it was cauliflower, which I detest. Serve alongside the ribs and this is the meal of champions! This meal is a little time consuming, but so worth it. For busy people, it would probably be best to make this on the weekend. Also, for the record, that looks like a lot of ribs, but there was more fat on that piece than meat. It was still marvelous, though. Perhaps the only thing that could have made these better would have been if I used the BBQ. Alas, we are out of fuel. Woe is me.
Dear Readers:
Bastard McKendrick. Same as all the grown-ups round here, a useless fucking slob.
“Come on Bitch! Make me cum!” as she just kept getting more and more violent. She was wildly moving Olivia’s head up and down on the nightstick as Olivia’s drool ran down the stick and started to puddle forming a wet stain on Pam’s pants. Finally, after about five minutes Pam stopped.
I'm not currently signed on, but I plan on getting back to it ASAP. Like an addict in withdrawal, I relapsed. Well, sort of. I'd equate this to a major coke head doing a bump on his birthday.
If you didn't get an invite from me. Please leave me your email address and I will add you.
You see how the words build up, until oh look, another few months have gone by and I STILL haven’t gone to daily Mass the way I want to. Keep me in your prayers, dear readers, and I’m sure the Holy Spirit will shove me enough that I get back into the habit.
Six of them are brand new designs, the other four are swiped favorites from my patterns. Stay tuned, I'm going to be making some more!
All valuation is done by conscious organisms. And these organisms value because they have been evolved to value, and they have been evolved to value one thing: complexity. For by acting in a manner that they believe will allow them to increase in complexity (to continue living, growing, and developing), organisms value complexity. Evolution, however, does not ‘value’ (more on this sort of valuation) merely complexity, but robustness, that is, the ability to make complexity increase in a sustainable manner. This is why robustness, which is composed of both complexity and sustainability, is essential for network ethics. Organisms value complexity, but the overall goal of evolution is to create organisms that value robustness. The gap between one state and the other, the valuation of complexity and that of robustness, is the separation between evolution as it is and evolution as it strives to be.
Before going down to Peru I knew next to nothing about the country except for what my girlfriend had spoken about. I knew they spoke Spanish, there was some big ancient city on top of a mountain called Machu Picchu the Inca created, and the women were beautiful. Other than that, I felt like I was traveling to an uncharted map somewhere far south of my comfort zone.
But it's better than we have any right to expect and only audio engineering snobs like me would take offense/notice of any of these flaws I describe above. There is little to no remaining evidence of vinyl lineage in this set here, and there certainly *are* tracks that some enterprising Warners exec could lift from this blog, as-is, and put on a box set release tomorrow. I'll leave it to the listener to discover the true audio-quality winners here in the set.
Copycat Killing by Sofie Kelly
Happy Memorial Day, everyone! Hope you're all enjoying the first taste of the summer season. I'm truly honored to have the lovely Dina of Honey + Fitz at the helm today, sharing with us pretty summer seasonal inspiration.
6.Robbery Assault and Battery 6:19
It was as if the town of 25,000 was surrounded by the finest raw materials to assemble an unbelievable steak-n-potatoes meal, yet they decided to settle for mediocre. Are they numbed to the possibilities of the natural resources that are available to them?
SIGNED! You signed "more" for the first time! I've also seen you do "milk" and I'm pretty sure "all done". My brilliant boy!
However, despite the challenges, I felt pretty upbeat and realised that I’m lucky: I’m a resilient person and bounce back quickly from setbacks. I try to find the positives in every situation. Here they are.
So is it karmic to cuddle a killer?
This put me in an awkward situation: I couldn't exactly cut a year's worth of beard to keep the rule, and then instantly grow it back once I had permission. I also didn't want to let down the numerous projects which were now counting on me, though. But I couldn't register, get a student ID, use library computers, print on campus, or take tests in the testing center with an as-yet-unauthorized, highly conspicuous, year's-length beard.
After chilling the dough and making the balls, poke the end of a wooden spoon into each cake pop,
Berry Amore is one off my favorite blushes from Milani. Its a good quality blush that is very affordable and it gives such a gorgeous glow to the cheeks. It has a silky smooth application that leaves your face looking healthy and glowy.
Another line that is being pushed by Western leaders is that because the protests in Egypt and Tunisia were peaceful, they proved al Qaeda – which calls for armed struggle – to be wrong. That is another fallacy. Al Qaeda is not against regime changes through protests but it is against the idea that the change should be only through peaceful means to the exclusion of the use of force. In fact Shaykh Ayman al-Zawahiri spoke in support of the protests that swept Egypt back in 2007 and he alluded to the fact that even if the protests were peaceful, the people need to prepare themselves militarily.
FOR ZANG TUMB TUUM
So that’s all i got for now… care to share your engagement stories?
Deuteronomy 6:5-7 reads: "Love the LORD your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your strength. These commandments that I give you today are to be upon your hearts. Impress them on your children. Talk about them when you sit at home and when you walk along the road, when you lie down and when you get up." (NIV)As parents, one of our values should continually be to get our kids to behave a certain way when we are not forcing them to do so. Our goal is that they would make wise decisions when we're nowhere around. Anybody can drive safe with a cop in the rearview mirror. It's on the open road that is the concern. Yes, I know your kid's an angel at their friends house and a pain in the rear at yours. I get it. I just mean that ownership, not compliance is our goal. If it isn't, I guarantee that compliance or fear won't work as a dating motivator. What will make a difference however is shared values. This is back to answering the why, not just the what question.
Then comes 1:00 a.m. this morning. I am sound asleep dreaming about trying to get away from my daughter’s dog who wanted to sleep in my bed when all of a sudden…THUD….the bed broke nearly dropping my husband and I 6 inches to the floor.
THURSDAY, MARCH 1-several locations-the release of Divine Reserve #4. A Wee Heavy, This one will be a a good, strong, sweetish Scotch Ale. There will be places all over town(far north, far south) that will have it, albeit, a limited amount. But the good news is, that Austin is getting a little more than in the past. Please! No hoarding!
Who has inspired and supported her son in exploring and living in the wilderness for long periods of time, in learning to play the guitar, kayaking and hiking, in watching basketball and having long conversations about it, in driving him anywhere he needs to go, whenever he needs to go, to doing a little gardening together, and countless other things. Who says “Yes!” when invited to backpack and camp, because she is so happy that he wants to do that with her, even if she really does prefer to sleep indoors.
I’m with Samwise at the end of Return of the King: “If I hear ‘not allowed’ much oftener, I’m going to get angry.”
Often, if you get proper acne facials after prolonged use of using such products, you will notice that the hidden acne will start to surface as your esthetician stimulates your lymph system. This is because the skin is ridding itself of all of the impurities clogging it up. Continued use of products would give you clearer skin, but would be detrimental for your skin in the long run, so it is better to handle acne properly, through estheticians and licensed dermatologist who can come up with a long-term solution for treating your acne.
You knew what you want
11. Variation: "Paris Is a Lonely Town" - The Orchestra
Come take a ride jump in (Satan is enticing her to give in)
I bleed blue.
Phoenix 0753-82642-9, Jan 2009.
When I was a child, my parents had a complete set of Dickens' novels bought through the Daily Express I think. They had a red binding and as soon as I was old enough I devoured them. When I left home I bought a similar set from a secondhand book shop. I have the Oxford complete set now, a present from the encyclopaedic husband, and the cheap ones are up in the attic but still on shelves, not hidden away in boxes.
True-Blood.net’s Deadlocked Review: One of our affiliates posted their advanced review of Deadlocked! WARNING: This may contain spoilers. If you don’t want to know – don’t read this post! To those who love to be spoiled, you can find out what happens here!
Ram is not a single person. Ram is the quality of infinite goodness that is possible in every one of us. Ram is there, where there is no Ravan. Ravan is the manifestation of suppressed badness.
When the bottles began exploding in my parents’ dining room, my mother — then a schoolteacher — mistook the sounds of shattering glass for a drive-by shooting. Her students, she thought, had finally found her.
I think that the furniture aesthetic or end-table sort of thing that I mashed with them comes from my grandmother, who was an immigrant from England after the war. Being a sort of proper British lady, she had her shelves of trinkets displayed very nicely on doilies or on fancy tables and these kind of things. And for me, that kind of furniture seemed to be a good fit for the objects that I was dealing with.
I have learned a lot concerning the PoD process and expect all PoD releases to coincide with PDF releases in the future.
The flaw was not that J.T. Ready carried the seeds of murder within him, because we all do. But the majority of us will exercise the power of life and death only in self-defense or at the behest of lawfully-constituted authority. J.T. Ready's flaw is that, for whatever reason, he broke those customary restraints and became an executioner solely upon his own personal authority. One of the hallmarks of an organized civil society is that we do not allow or sanction the practice of blowing people away simply because they piss us off.
-Do you struggle with lying?
My favorite choral work is the Duruflé “Ubi Caritas” and my favorite orchestral work is probably “The Planets” by Holst.
What the stellar remnant then becomes is also debated. It was the general idea that simply nothing could fight against such a strong gravitational force, and the object would collapse to a singularity - a black hole. Recently, some astronomers have theorized the existence of one more intermediate state: quark stars. Quarks are the elementary particles from which protons and neutrons are made. Just as electron degeneracy and neutron degeneracy can prevent further collapse, it's possible that quark degeneracy could act similarly. So far, though, no one has ever seen such a quark star - they're simply on the theoretical drawing board at this point.
Radical non-conformity, if God has required it of us, is right—providing, of course, that we’re sure it comes from God. Here’s an example: When we taught in Bible College in Ethiopia, a student came to our school with lumps and scabs on his head. He had constant headaches because he had been beaten and stoned by his village. Even members of his own family participated.
The government was so afraid of what they would say during their trial in Michigan that extra steps were taken to conceal the true nature of the case. County courthouse employees were not allowed to work between Monday and Thursday during the course of the trial. And outside the courthouse, FBI agents swarmed the perimeter preventing the media and visitors from learning what was going on as well.
Well, I'd better be off, lots to do to get ready for Easter Sunday coming up. That one sure did sneak up on me!
Fast forward to last week, when I ran into Channing again at that same friend's Christmas party. I love it when you feel an instant "click" with someone and we chatted easily for a long time. We actually live near each other and plan to get our boys together soon. I told her about my blog and she offered to do a $100 giveaway from her esty shop, Channing & Co!
Me: ???? I didn't leave it there!
It reminded me of a time when I was contracted to clear a particularly impressive rat infestation from a farm in deepest, darkest Berkshire, where racehorses roam freely from sauna to hydrotherapy pool, where tiny, rich ex-jockeys from Ireland stare up at you and hope you haven't noticed their pointy, pointy ears, and where people who pop the collars on their polo shirts in the unfathomable belief that it's cool drive "Discos" or "Scoobies" which are always, without fail, green.
(1) The Office will provide an initial patentability examination to the claims designated by the applicant as representative claims. The representative claims will be all of the independent claims and the dependent claims that are expressly designated by the applicant for initial examination. Thus, each independent claim and each dependent claim that is designated for initial examination will be treated as a representative claim for examination purposes. The examination of the dependent claims that are not designated for initial examination will be deferred until the application is otherwise in condition for allowance.
‘No matter what God’s power may be, the first aspect of God is never that of the absolute Master, the Almighty. It is that of the God who puts himself on our human level and limits himself.’
Tonight should be interesting indeed.
I hear them when the wind blows and I see them in the trees. Perfect silence. I feel them in the cuddles on the couch. I miss them. I love them.
I never would have imagined when I stumbled upon My Creative Scrapbook kit club about four years ago that I would someday have the opportunity to design for the best of the best.
metal/foil type embellie(s)
Heart Punch: Borrowed From My Mum
They think they're pretty elite, but how elite can they be when their mediocre students and athletes? We're going to talk about that.
sevanaṁ bhaktir ucyate
I have to confess that while I like this beer, Satan's use of artificial flavoring bothers me. And I have made sure he knows it. He has told me to "Phuk Off" several times. At the Bluebonnet Brew-Off it scored 21 out of 50, with one judge saying the beer was soapy.
"Ok, I have a few questions about xyz...."
to give back one of her friends who is getting married next month. I stamped the
When I was leaving the gym last night with my husband and we walked out the van, he unlocked my door, and thought about Maggie and in that moment seeing a man running towards her shooting and how it would feel to run away. I don't think that you could ever feel like you could run fast enough to dodge a speeding bullet. I remembered to say thank you to the folks that work at my gym, to my older kids for watching their younger Sib's so we could go to the gym, and to my husband for opening my door. I just don't want to waste anymore life. SO much of it I have wasted being worried and angry and hopeless.
10 Perfect Push Ups
“Moskk” replies The Young Man.
Make sure your entries are linked by October 31st at midnight CST! We'll post a winner on November 1st!
The very thought of Bob Slayer travelling unsupervised with Jimbo and Gary the Goat is almost too much for my fantasy brain to cope with. It sounds like the basis for a particularly weird Tim Burton movie.
I ran for election based on my belief that forming a Road District would accomplish this goal.
TWQ (the Weekend Question) asks what irritating things neighbours have been up to where you are.
R and I are starting to get really excited about the wonton – though not excited enough yet to finalize our name choices…I STILL haven’t shown him my list because he is STILL ridiculous. His newest favorite (after “the swerve” and “cadillac”) is “groove” which I have had to veto as well. We are pumped about our year of family and research time and have been imagining all the fun things we can do when we don’t have to be in the classroom. Mainly I’m just excited to walk about town with my dog, baby, and man. Already walking downtown for coffee is probably my favorite activity, and I can only imagine how much more fun it will be with a fourth walking partner in our midst.
All this is a distraction from the real task of some good 'spring' cleaning which will be happening over the Easter break. We are staying at home, interspersed with a few visits from family and friends. A nice break I hope.
The ingredients
It should be no real surprise that I bought this copy of Mudd's Angels by J.A. Lawrence (1978) for the cover. Just look at it! Who could resist Mudd and his bevy of beauties?
The only problem is that it isn’t a long enough album, at least not when I have a whole house of rooms that need some serious attention. Next on the shopping list might have to be some more Turn It Up To Eleven albums I think.
Levenger does a wonderful job of describing their paper products (all of their products, actually). A photograph of a paper tablet won't inspire desire in a lot of people, but the description of the paper's luxurious feel, fountain pen friendliness, and sturdy weight . . . well, that will get the hearts of me and a lot of my readers racing.
Clint Howard plays a man called Ricky (presumably not that one, given his intact brain) and Reggie Bannister is Kim's editor. Directed by Brian Yuzna, I had hoped for something a cut above the rest from this sequel. It's certainly different to the previous three movies, forgetting the killer Santa motif (well I am getting tired of typing out the name 'Santa Claus') and doing its own thing entirely. It's an approach that didn't work for Halloween 3 and doesn't work for this. The Caldwell brothers and their Santa fetish were the most enjoyable thing about the Silent Night movies.
What tips do you have for me? Songs I should download to keep me moving? I’ll take whatever you’ve got to throw my way!
So it has been a while since I did a decent post. Halloween was uneventful a normal day at work and then a quite night in, my family got back late from bringing my brother, sister-in-law, and nephew to Arkansas. We went back there the following weekend for my nephew's first birthday. It was a good time and it was fun to see how happy he was with the cake, thought he is allergic it would seem to the food coloring. I do have picture but they are still on my camera haven't had a chance to get them onto a computer yet. Some things went down that weren't so great but they are still up in the air so I can't really talk about them yet. My sister-in-law is pregnant again it's a girl Mackenzi Renee. She is due in March on my little brother due date actually, though Wesley got evicted (mom was educed so she did not give birth in the car on the way to the hospital, older brother born in about an hour fifteen minutes of active labor I was forty five minutes they were scared it would reduce again an it did mom had only about thirty minutes of active labor with the little brother). Though since Zander was born via c-section Kenzi(or Zi(pronounced z)) has to as well as it has not been enough time for my sis in law to try naturally. But we are all excited if not a little shocked, Kenzi and Zander will only be 16 months apart.
And you wait, keep waiting for that one thing
were given to enter the competition, and whilst I applaud the fact we have significantly more focus on drinkability in most of competitions, there’s also a lot to be said for raising the professionalism of the industry as a whole by ensuring beers do meet the criteria set for their entry.
Lucky are the Einsteins for they accept praises;
I know, when you are in your late 20’s you think old is a far destination. When you reach 40, and you will, you begin to see where your physical well being is not as easy to maintain as it used to be. At 50, and beyond, you become more careful. It’s not as important to be on time, you just don’t want to risk getting a speeding ticket. You actually quit running late so you don’t have to speed. (Except for my wife). Your priorities change as you age. Really? Yes. You already know that. What you don’t know or are not aware of is the silent deterioration of your body. The parts that are slowly not working, but not at a level where you would notice… for a time.
Three children lay in a pitiful huddle, with two women’s bodies next to them.
The division over European modernity was replicated inside Russian radical politics, as groups like the Narodniks and the Social Revolutionaries advocated agitation in the countryside and the creation of an agrarian form of socialism, while the Bolsheviks insisted on the urban working class as the main agent of revolution, and on industrialisation as the way to a new society.
5 tablespoons rice bran oil
Take care and thanks for popping by.
Now I feel better. My creativity had taken a major hike, but I have a feeling it may be coming back - WHEW! I have even managed a couple more cards, slightly different from my usual style. Check back again later to see them!
I'll post more later.
That is not an ending. Well technically I guess it is a cliff hanger ending. But I hate them. They kill me. Luckily this was an older series I had just discovered so book two was readily available. What if it wasn’t? What it was the apocalypse and I was taking a much deserved break from zombie slaying to read this book? I would get to the ending and would have no way of finding book two. That could destroy my zombie fighting spirit and then how could I save the world? See why those endings are bad?
Or, really, he twinkles into the skies from whence he threatens, “I’ll be back.” Right now, I’m focusing on the fact that Felix is hugging Oriana and he’s basically vag level tall. Insert your own pussycat joke here.
Here is the Friday and weekend edition of the the Drama Prime Time Report, highlighted by revitalized “11 Nin mo Iru!“, another challenging Saturday for “Yokai Ningen Bem“, and the continuation of “Saka no Ue no Kumo“.
Sylvia grinned. “For the cause!”
There’s nothing like the power of positive thinking, right?
SANTORUM: Well, look, we just listened to the president of the United States the other night completely ignore the biggest problem facing this country when it comes to our financial health. We’ve been downgraded as a — as a — as a country and the president of the United States completely ignored any of the heavy work, the hard work in being honest with the American public about what we have to do to get our fiscal house in order.
Another pause as the voice on the other end of the phone tries to quell the ferocious rage. “No, no. I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have lost my temper.” His breath escapes him in a weary sigh and his hands reach up to the bridge of his nose again chiming in with his eyes squeezing shut, as though trying to block out the words insinuating themselves into his brain.
while she whispered a song along the keyboard
yes, really.
Well i had one of these moments yesterday i was walking home after a fairly heavy drinking session, and i came to a fork in the roads, now normally i would go right and take the road with the streetlights, but for some reason this time i decided to go through the dark wooded area, WRONG CHOICE!! I swear someone was following me..i kept hearing footsteps, whispering and movement...really scared me.......just as whatever it was was closing in and i thought my life was over.........i woke up and realised i had fallen asleep in the pub haha.....plus i dont even live near any woods... Crazyyy AY??............
Getting back to the BN, I'd guess Robinson didn't tell managing editor Clark that she was ignoring a newsworthy story, so I take his claims at face value. But it's also clear that she was less than forthcoming with him, and I informed him about this via email. The question is, will he do anything about it?
Overdose yourself on pills? You only have Vitamin C in your medicinal cabinet.
Once most of us have that part down, I add a third element to the drill (and by the way, this is all usually done in a whole group situation.) Each time I show a card, I say, “Sound?” Then they make the sound. Then I say “Letter name?” Then they say the letter name. Given that this is a whole group activity, the more advanced children tend to pull the struggling learners along, and that really helps! They hear their peers responding, and do the same. I watch the entire group, and NOBODY is allowed to just stand there and so or say nothing. They MUST all try, even if they are only repeating what they hear after somebody else says it first, AND I must see their bodies moving with the motions. This full body response is vitally important to the learning process for young children. Insisting that everyone participate may seem a bit “over the top” to some, but I am convinced that this is the key to learning, so I continue to demand it each year. Once the children understand that I don’t take “no” for an answer, I do get full cooperation, and learning usually follows. (By the way, this is the exact same process I use for teaching the names of the numerals, but I use the Jumpin’ Numbers and Shakin’ Shapes flash cards and songs, and it works like a charm!)
Upon further reflection, however, we realize that these stories are power-packed. They change the world—they confront the world, challenge the world, subvert the world. Why is that?
Tony Scott pays tribute to this eloquent image from Runaway Train in the climax of Unstoppable (2010), though the context here is more conventionally heroic rather than ambiguous. Otherwise, the film relates to the Konchalovsky film only in the fact that it features a train that cannot stop. No philosophical/moral pretensions, no over-explicit didacticism, no outsize over-acting; Scott's by now familiar whip pans, quick edits and excessive zooms notwithstanding, the film is a comparably modest meat-and-potatoes action flick ("inspired by true events," an opening title card takes care to note) in which working-class grunts—among them a veteran Pennsylvania railroad engineer (Denzel Washington), a much younger conductor (Chris Pine) and a no-nonsense station chief (Rosario Dawson)—use their combined wits and experience to stop a runaway train from barreling into major residential towns and causing untold amounts of damage and casualties.
Arsène believes the QPR and Wigan results were as more to do with the mental attitude of the players than anything else,
'Excuse me, Your Holiness,' says the driver 'Would you please take your seat so we can leave?'
Using your fingers, massage the butter all over the skin of the bird. Any excess can be rubbed under the skin of the breasts.
I’m looking forward to worship. I think my soul’s lenses need cleaning.
There is no such thing as a seamless transition. Life feels surreal for a while when huge changes happen. The darkness subsides and there is more than just a light at the end of the tunnel. There is everlasting sunshine and warmth. Glance back and know that it is all for education of a soft soul. Teaching this soul to be cautious, to learn how to respect myself. Anything or anyone who attempts to extinguish your soul's shine does not deserve to be in your life. If you think that is what you deserve, then you haven't learned the lesson that God is trying to teach you. No regrets, it is all worth the time, energy, tears and the full range of emotions, to learn how to love yourself. Don't give away your power and allow someone else to make you feel small. If you LET someone else make you feel that way, it is YOU that has to CHANGE. No one can make you do or feel anything. Have confidence in yourself and faith that God is a kind God, and you won't let your path get this far off course again. Once the lesson is learned, God makes a way when there doesn't seem to be a way to set you back on course to a loving life of true comfort. A life filled with joy. Have faith in yourself, let the people who love you LOVE you, and let the darkness go. . .
Bobby Sack grunted, reaching for the bucket by the side of the bed just in time to catch the foulness gushing from his mouth. He coughed like a geyser, trying hard not to puke on the bed again. His head hung weakly over the edge of the bed, his sweating face inches away from the sick. Even in his nauseated haze, that offended his sensibilities. Flashbacks to some of the worst he endured in the infantry, back in the Burmese jungle, and he realized he just couldn't take it anymore.
Step 6: Gluing on the Yellow Slices
I hope everyone has a wonderful Sunday and enjoys the last day of the Olympics.
TV3 live reports. A reporter on the ground was saying that a parang and other unidentified objects were thrown at the TV3 media team. Tellingly, the parang was not shown on TV, leading to questions in my mind. Oi, mana parang? If you had evidence, you missed the chance to show them on live TV. I guess TV3 is so immersed in fiction that it believes its own stories.
A Boundary Review Committee (BRC) will be established with representatives of each school. Each school will have two parents/guardians on the committee, selected by their school parent council.
"Are you still cold, Scully?" he asked of his partner. When she nodded he placed his arm around her shoulder. As they cuddled together he looked down at the hem of the short dress she was wearing and spoke again, "Did you say you weren't wearing any underwear under that dress?"
I’m offering my paw quite a bit and getting Shake down. So we decided to do some paw targeting. I was almost doing “Who’s King,” where I’m supposed to sit in front of a chair and put both front paws up on the chair. But I’m just a little too short to reach, so I was standing on my back feet and putting one or two paws up when invited. It helps so much that my foster mom taught me “Up” to make sure I only get on the couch or the bed when I’m invited!
Hey Fellow Gleaners....!
But Holy Moly..for an HOUR! Who preaches for an hour? For that matter? Who listens for an hour? It will be good for me. I also have the chance to preach again at Grace in a couple of weeks. And all of this? Has brought me back to taking time to sit still in the word. And for this, I am grateful.
Megan + Atlas 4ever
One things fo sho…….
guitar comprised what would later be known as the “classic”
How do I always manage to turn a new purchase into a new project? For every time I get to scratch something off my project list, I have to add something else to it!! Oh well, it must be what I love to do.
And this book brings up one of the parallels I've descovered about beer and running. One of the best things about running is you don't need any special equipment or belong to any elite club. All you need to do is lace up a pair of running shoes, go outside, and you're a runner. One of the best things about beer is that if you take grains, hops, water and yeast and combine them the right way, you're a brewer. Thanks to this book, more of us can be brewers.
Next is a Giant-Man story. Seventeen pages of the former Black Goliath, as he battles a wannabe scientist driven mad by his levitation experiments. Eh. Still, this might be one in the win column for him.
Nope. That’s not what I’m getting to at all with this one. Try, “You’re stuck in limbo and don’t know what the eff you want?”
CHARLES CALEB COLTON, Lacon
To feel proud of themselves and confident around others.
It will all be joining this Jamie Reid poster:
Sweet Words: "Baby Hudson is very very cute" Larissa certainly loved her brother and was convinced he was cute even before he was born. She had written this note on her little magnetic doodle about a week before he arrived.
I love these boots even more than my converse boots. I just wish they had a steel toe option, and came in Gore-Tex!
Never write more than 2 pages on any subject.
Just as there are theories about the reasons for searching, there are those about NOT searching. Lifton writes: “Nonsearchers, for all their sense of righteousness and loyalty, have always seemed to me self-denigrating. There is the implication that they don’t have the right to rock their own boat, to open their own can of worms. They seem to accept that they don’t have a right to their own heritage.” (p. 75).
This is my first button trade! I have to say that it is almost as exciting as trading marbles when I was young. Big difference, though. Someone else will wind up with the prize. I traded buttons with Krista Schnee from "Caring for Our Blessings" blog. She's offering some of the respect cards in a giveaway on her site. Click on the apple for details (I'll be guest posting for her next month.)
After John Laurinaitis took a “personal day” off from this past Friday’s SmackDown, WWE.com has a new article up, looking at the agenda, end-game and motives of his new Executive Administrator… the beautiful and HEELHoeski Eve Torres. They are speculating that Eve is out to get Laurinaitis’ job or maybe looking to thin out the Divas Division so she can challenge newly-crowned Divas Champion Layla for the butterfly-emblazoned!
REPORT: PRECARIOUS HOUSING IN CANADA
That being said. . .
May you celebrate Life, choose ever to
One last item that should also be on that list is apples - a late addition that made the cut recently when our trees began bearing fruit and Amari and I created a daily ritual of sitting on the porch enjoying their harvest.
*emily has therapy after school(we're helping someone earn her master's degree! exciting for her, but also anything that will benefit emily is a bonus of course!)
I think the game was a draw and the teams agreed that, because it had been such a splendid game, they would share the Cup.
Midnight Cold
“Oh my God!” exclaims a middle-aged American woman. “Where can my husband get one of those tattoos?!”
In 2000 Director Bryan Singer brought to the screen perhaps the first best example of an ensemble comic book to the screen. Set in the near future, it saw a group of people who, because of genetic mutation, were gifted with extraordinary abilities. This group, led by a powerful psychic called Professor Charles Xavier (a.k.a. Professor X), believed in peace between humans and mutants, and faced off against another group called the brotherhood of mutants, led by an old friend of Xavier’s called Erik Lensherr (a.k.a. Magneto), a holocaust survivor with the ability to manipulate magnetic fields who believed a war between humans and mutants was inevitable, with Xavier’s group known as the X-Men, the only ones capable of stopping them from starting it.
Thanks to the efforts of a couple of meddling kids, a test subject escapes out into the open prairie, gets it on with a few fellow carrot-munchers (so much for stunting them) and the result is a race of gigantic, blood-thirsty, omnivorous bunnies. After shooting them with shotguns proves fruitless and more humans and horses show up being bunny-eaten to death, the National Guard is called in to deal with the hopping horror.
So that at the name of Jesus, every kneel should bow.
David says job prospects for aerospace engineers are positive right now. The two biggest hirers in Canada are Bombardier, in Quebec, for aeronautics and MacDonald, Dettwiler and Associates Ltd., in British Columbia, for the astronautics. The average starting salary is around $60,000, but this depends on your degree type and also where you are in Canada. The average salary, depending on how specialized a company’s engineering requirements are, can range between $70,000 to upward of $100,000.
*Alkalize the body – balances internal pH
9:30- I head upstairs to get my workout clothes and clothes for the next day laid out. It saves so much time if I take a minute and do it at night so that I don't have an "I HAVE NOTHING TO WEAR" moment in the morning!
“Bast— I mean, jerks.” Lily says, correcting herself. She’s been trying to watch her language around their daughter, but it’s obviously not working. If it hadn’t been for Alfonso, the girl would probably be speaking like a truck driver by now.
How To Take Care Of Your Postage Stamps Collection
Helllooo everyone!
Pax is still our sporty boy. He loves all kind of balls and enjoys playing catch. He especially likes playing baseball and golf with whatever type of bat or golf club he can get his hands on. By no means, does it have to be the real deal. I've watched him use his fork at the dinner table and pretend it's a baseball bat as he's knocking one out of the park.
In .I want my girlfriend backIn . are just words until there is entire loyalty in between you both, a romantic relationship should not be developed on unsteady fundamentals. a romantic relationship is a motivation which need to be honoured by both equally folks, never throw it away even if you either shouldn’t listen closely or shouldn’t hear why this all transpired.
Remember when Bill Clinton sent US soldiers into Rwanda to stop the genocide taking place there? Remember how he was hounded from office afterwards? Oh, shit. He was re-elected. I guess that means he made the right decision (at least for a majority of US voters).
153. When the Legends Die: Hal Borland
Hannibal Lecter series by Thomas Harris--read 1 out of 4 but want to reread them all (series finished) Hannibal the cannibal. 'Nuff said.
woolen jumpers and wet toes
April 27 TBA, Miami FL
The greenish-browns or khaki shades came from a synthetic dye that produced olive, bronze and cooler browns. This color palette appeared about 1875 and remained popular until about 1890.
Cuddled in my warm fleece blanket on the sofa, reading of Catherine Morland's terrifying thoughts as she prepared herself for bed, stealing glances through her window in search of something that may confirm her doubts. The glimmer of General Tileny's lamp through the window opposite her's, perhaps.
Fast evolution?
justin was fitted for his second set of braces. rather than the afo's that he's had, he will now begin wearing kafo's. i learned about these kafo's via leigh's blog. once i saw them, i knew they'd be perfect for justin because he does great with just afo's while he's doing anything but walking. once we get him into his walker, he needs a little more support at the knees. i asked everyone about them. i asked leigh, i asked all 3 of our PT's and i asked our nurse. no one had seen them before except our nurse and she was pretty sure they have been done at ai dupont. the next week, one of our PT's said she called lawall's prosthetics (the ortho group in the hospital) to see if they made them and spoke with the guy that is most experienced with them. we were given a script soon after that and we got justin fitted for them that very same day. today, we got a phone call to let us know they're going to be ready on june 10th. i'm so excited! but, we won't be picking them up until june 13th because... JUSTIN HAS TO HAVE SURGERY. :(
Today we learnt the names of all twelve members of the commission. It was no surprise to learn that the majority (nine) are known already by those who work in this field to support a change in the law to allow assisted suicide. Most have actively worked towards this end in the past. None of the remaining three are known to oppose it.
AMcCC: I don't really think you can seriously call it self-publishing on the Internet.
I'm sorry, I do not understand. Let's try this another way.
“Here I am and this is what I offer you.”
If I were fierce, and bald, and short of breath,
Lent, with its 40 work days before the Easter celebration, is a good time to invite Christ into your everyday life. Visualize Jesus settling into your home, not so much as houseguest as a member of the family. Don’t confine him to one room–give him the run of the house. Will his presence change your routine?
They were so queer, so very queer,
was scaled up by N7 billion,
C: Of course I have and I think it’s bullshit.
When can I sign up to participate?
- calling
“Yeah, he told the lady it made her look pretty. I thought, geez, what a little makeup will do,” said the step-mom.
good balance of both to serve my God.
Good luck to all!
I love Little A with all my heart but I often miss my old life dearly. I miss my me time. When I reflect upon my alternate reality I realise that with a little patience, imagination, and magic dust I could conjure some of it into this existence with Little A. It's a question of intent and balancing my priorities.
Arriving home I was seized with panic and dropped to my knees – ‘Please God, don’t let me end up like this. Don’t let this be my future - grumbling under my breath that next door’s hedge is getting a bit unkempt and writing them a stern letter that I post anonymously at 4am.’
Conversation via phone with Carissa's Dad - Phil.
Her gripping story of finding joy against all odds provides a vivid and unforgettable reminder that life is a gift to be treasured.
What's the first step to planning any birthday party (besides picking the theme)?
It’s like an online salon of smart thinking.
Something real will also happen,
This photo was taken at a bowling alley in Salt Lake in 2009.
anti-grunge backlash) to talk of loving the Pistols, Kate
You may want to send it to your friends to see if they've changed.
PR now holds Kelantan, Kedah, Penang and Selangor but a brewing leadership crisis in Kedah could tilt the rice-bowl state back to BN in the next election, which must be called before May next year.
Bear Republic Brewing Co. Hop Rod Rye
Chris shares the history of The Nashville Food Project, its mission to help address poverty and food insecurity in Nashville, and how the organization is tackling these big issues via volunteers, cooking, growing, and outreach.
I had a bright idea this week that cos there was two of us here to look after the munchkins and cos I was sure we could also cope with the odd customer I would stay open.....this week I had 7 customers!!! Plus they all came with more than one item needing doing and most of them needed fittings!!!!! If I say that I spent yesterday catching up and my rail still looks like this today then you will understand if I struggle to get round many blogs this week :-) I will do my best I promise.
I was recently contacted by a reader, Chedva Kleinhandler, who lives in Isreal and was inquiring about shipping costs for some wallpaper. Well one thing leads to another, and I discover her beautiful blog Belly Button and she points me in the direction of a fabulous designer Gili Ungar that she now works with and *poof* here I am sharing with you. I just love how this all works!
I was on my way to meet my father for lunch today. I'd arranged this little get together because I wanted Dad and his friend Ron to meet my friend Matt, as I decided they'd all be fast friends.
The next package is the Paperback & Hardback package at £2995. The increase of almost £1000 is simply outrageous for an additional hardback edition, when outside of a revised dusk jacket cover; the set-up file and additional ISBN is essentially the same.
I did some drawing for this, assuming a more reasonable family size of seven (I have four brothers, so it seemed reasonable), each family with its own tent. Say nothing went on but sleeping in the tent, and tight quarters, say 200 square feet per family unit. That’s 80 million square feet just for sleeping, and not counting all those not in the count, so say we need 125 million square feet just to sleep. Put a ten-foot walkway between the tents for cooking and stuff ads 160 million square feet to the place, and we still do not have bathing or restroom or animal facilities. Round up to a total of 300 million square feet to account for some meeting places and ignoring cleanliness and animal needs and room for the old Ark of the Covenant and golden calf making and all, and a little math again, we find it is almost 11 square miles. How did the camp move five miles? How would he have known? Just too many people, had to have been more like 250,000 or 300,000.When I asked about this then, I got the same responses.
The chutney was simple to make but you have to keep an eye on it, especially in the last stages when it is thickening up and likely to catch on the bottom of the pan. It’s difficult to rescue it if you burn it even slightly.
Gaming stuff has been going superb. Many are grabbing a copy of The Manor and writing posts. I've got most of them linked on my THE MANOR page above. If you wrote a review of it and I missed it please just put the link in the comment section. Even if thought it was a steaming pile of crap I'll still link to it. Sales continue to be steady.
03-Eliminators - Latina
I have so many dreams every night--it's a wonder that I'm not exhausted when I wake up in the morning, and it's the kind where I remember them....for about 5 minutes, and then I forget what they were about. It's weird how your mind works--maybe I should write the good ones down, and then when I read what I dreamt about later on, I'll think---did I really dream that?? Well anyway, I do remember fragments of my dreams, and this is where the art comes in---you know the layering--just like my dreams. I start with the first layer or dream--
Z-O-M-B-I-E B-U-N-N-Y!
I know this place… I look around, my eyes widened. “I’m alive?” I talk to myself. I sees my wrist been bandage.
Malcolm McLaren Something’s jumping UK
With meat still in oven, turn broiler on high to get skin to crisp. Watch closely, and use tinfoil to cover areas that darken quickly. After 15 to 20 minutes the skin should be crispy.
No, I didn’t buy a caganer. I can’t quite do it. Maybe I’ll get over my uptightness about it after some more time here, but for now it just seems a bit too rude in that holy scene.
Sorry work, this has affected you too. An example of my lack of concentration happened this afternoon when it was time for me to pick Ian up from school, I shut the door and then realised the keys in my hand weren't for the house, they were for the car. No cellphone on me either, just my knitting. I popped into the school office who were nice enough to let me ring Thomas' cellphone so I could leave a message; unfortunately he wasn't available. We went home and at about 4.30pm I finally got into the house using a nail on the toilet window and then boosting George in so he could open the front door. I rang Thomas, who had only just got the message I left 1 hour and 40 minutes previously. One good thing, I got more of the squirrels done, the heads are now complete so not too many more rows to go on the colourwork.
BG: Yeah, so Gary calls him Newley, Tim looked mad, like he does when Gary talks to him like that, but he stopped talking. So Gary passes the bottle to him and says, “Take a swig, Newley.” That’s what we did once something was settled. And Tim takes a swig and hands it to me and I pretend that there’s a hair or something on it so I can wipe it without seeming like I don’t want anybody’s germs before I take a swig myself. But nobody was looking at me anyway. Nobody ever does. I let it splash against my mouth but I didn’t let any go in my mouth. It tastes awful. Then I passed it to Dave.
With the love of comrades,
Isolating lines brings certain ideas to the front and emphasizes them in a big way (especially when used in conjunction with italics). I used this to great effect in my “Confessions of a teacher” entries.
Anyway, I ordered the king size in navy because our new bedroom is going to be much larger than our current bedroom so it can handle a king size bed and it was only $80 more for the larger size so I said why not haha The headboard and side rails are fully upholstered in a gorgeous navy linen blend fabric that is very soft and looks very luxurious. The back of the headboard is tufted and the sides of the headboard have silver nailhead detailing.
Thanks to Bantam, Oni Press, Dark Horse, Library Thing, and St Martin's Griffin for this weeks books for review!
Just when I thought things couldn't get any weirder. It's not often that you see one guy come out with no band and no crazy lights and merely sing along with a backing track. Whether it's budgetary or just the way he wants to present himself, Breedlove made a statement. You don't need all the glitz, you just have to sound great and be original. During his impressive vocal set, the long-haired, bespectacled free spirit Breedlove mentioned that it's not all the time that he can get a gig as grand as opening for The Dirty Pearls at Gramercy. Pull up his song "I Never Had" and you'll hear what Breedlove is all about.
The birdies aren't looking much different today. Most of the growth seems to be in making feathers. I'll lock up the cats and take them all out for a photo shoot tomorrow. So, I'll leave you with a picture of Herbie dozing with his head by the doorway after his morning outing.
Wherever you are, whatever you do, be safe. Be smart.
“You are not going to congratulate them just yet.”
The entire world is watching. Will you offer official protection to Chen, his family, and his key supporters who are now detained? Or will you continue to kowtow to the Chinese Communist Party for our economic advantage? Inescapably, the choice you make will symbolize the character of our nation to the world.
I had a wonderful visit with the lover and we have been languishing in the memories ...
These same Website and Blog editors often “swap” URL links with the editors of other related sites and list those links on their Web page. If and when you create your own Website and/or Blog, you might consider doing the same with your site’s title, that is, begin the title with the letter A. These link lists are also posted by Blogger automatically in alphabetical order as well.
Loaded or shaved
Good news on the computer front...so far. I was able to restore the backup I did on December 22...and my Computer Geeky Dude told me yesterday that things are looking good about retrieving most of the data I lost from the now-defunct hard drive! I will know for sure today just how much was save-able and will keep you posted...thanks for all the sympathy, encouraging emails and offers of help...I really do appreciate it!
Geezz people! I dont know what is it w/ Filipino’s, we’re fond of inviting other people to events we’re invited to with out even informing the host ahead of time. It is unethical to gatecrash, even if you know the host of the event. And do not overstay your welcome and impose your presence.
So I decided to re-read her essay. Because I know I can be stupid. I know I can let my personal experience get the better of me when evaluating what other people say. I had had things to do all day and hadn't had a chance to re-read. And I re-read it and I decided that she had been far more subtle than I had been willing to give her credit for as I mulled over my memory of her essay throughout my day. I felt grateful to her for being willing to share her thoughts. But I replicated my thought processes from earlier today because I think it's important to acknowledge how touchy and complex these subjects are. How fearful parents of disabled children are of going public with any of these topics.
Today's Psalm from Isaiah concludes
Ghee:1 tsp
MW: Probably four or five.
Are you writing a poem
like I did but I still Post when I can. After receiving emails telling me that
Just a wee quote to finish ……..
8. World Championships 400 Hurdles Final – No one collided in this one, but it would have provided an excuse for the horrible performances turned in by some of the sport’s best hurdlers. Never have so many sub48 hurdlers fallen so short of the mark in a race as LJ VanZyl, Bershawn Jackson, Angelo Taylor and Felix Sanchez were ghosts of finals past.
None of this did him any favours in practical real-life terms. Some friends revered him, but a much larger proportion considered him eccentric and odd, if not outright mad. Blake was one of those artists and poets who are not much appreciated in their own lifetimes. He always struggled to make a living, and financial and social success eluded him. And yet he was rightly convinced of his own genius, so much so that one can’t feel the pity for him that one feels for Vincent Van Gogh or John Keats, dying before they could know of their own undying fame. Blake was so certain of the worth of his work, the truth and grandeur of his visions, that public recognition – though doubtless it would have been welcome – was not essential to him.
It's pretty much absurd. The pictures, the paper work, the permission forms that have to be signed in front of a frigging judge, for God's sake! One year the girls and I had to fly to Oslo for a day because we'd missed the one day that year a consul from the embassy set up in Bergen to notarize all that stupid paperwork.
This was a complete experiment, inspired by the Fall 2009 issue of Belle Armoire magazine. I cut about 6 lengths of bronze wire, balled one end, added a few beads, balled the other end, then carefully wrapped around the leather. Three are sold, but I still get nervous starting another one!
Finally got some sleep (restless– but will have to do).
1 minute on low using electric beater and a couple of minutes by hand should do.
Since I think the interns at TBA learn so much about what makes a great query, I asked another great TBA intern (who we will call Intern Y for the sake of clarity) for her thoughts on the topic. Here's what she has to tell us:
Gladys dozed and dreamed of falling in a hole and trying to climb out but she couldn’t. She was stuck and the school bell was ringing. She was going to be late. She jerked awake and realized the telephone was ringing. She jumped out of bed and ran for the kitchen. It rang again and she leapt for it. She grabbed the receiver from its cradle and blurted “Hello?” There was a crackle and then “Gladys?” She froze; this wasn’t Kitty, her best friend. It was a boy. “Yes” she squeaked. “Um this is Brad. Um, you know from school?” Gladys nodded her head. “Are you there” he asked. Gladys whispered “yeah.” Then even stronger she barked “what do YOU want?” The line was silent for a moment then “I wanted to see if you were feeling alright. I mean, we all thought you were going to blow chunks. Did you? Blow Chunks?” Gladys blushed with embarrassment. She would be forever known as the girl who almost vomited on Valentines Day. “Um, no. I just didn’t feel good. My mom says my eyes don’t look good and I might have sam and ella or something and she’s a nurse so she should know.” Gladys stood up straight and tall. She wasn’t going to let him insult her again. “Oh, um that’s good. I mean that you didn’t vomit. I mean you know because …um well. I just wanted to see if you were okay.”
But, now that life is getting back to some semblance of normality, here's the post I promised!
During the session, Gehry had said of his projects, "If I think it got out of whack with my own principles, I’d walk away." Patti Hagan of the Prospect Heights Action Coalition, wearing a "Welcome to Ratnerville" t-shirt and a sticker saying "Eminent Domain Abuse," picked up on that. She asked, "Have any of your previous projects involved the use of eminent domain or eminent domain abuse? Does that square with your principles? And would that be enough to make you walk away from the Ratner project?"
8. Because one reads and writes letters slowly, one can really stop and think. A letter should place you in a different state of mind than you would be if you were rushing through an email. They encourage leisure.
Linda :0)
The idea, the wrong idea, of split personalities developed and is still popular today even if it is inaccurate. The phrase "Jekyll and Hyde" has meaning beyond the fact that it's the name of RLS' story, and we don't use that term nicely when speaking about another person. It's a rare thing that an idea like this will escape the pages it was bound in and become a larger idea. Like Frankenstein. But it's an idea that has shaped more than a generation of thought and had a huge impact on actual science and scientific thought. Because a writer was fascinated with an Idea. In this case, the idea that one man, one person, could, in truth, be more than just one man.
Two of Atlanta's premier Chefs walked away in a tie for The Best Chef (Southeast) awards...Hugh Acheson (Chef/Owner of Empire State South, Five and Ten, The National) and Linton Hopkins (Chef/Owner of Restaurant Eugene and Holman and Finch). It was Chef Linton's 5th nomination and Chef Hugh's 6th and I'm sure both men were relieved to finally walk away with the prize. I hope the share did not diminish their win.
Other than my desire for a drastic life change, nothing really excited is going on around here, just trying to find new and innovative ways to keep my students from eating snow during my lessons. Hope all is well. We miss you all and would love to see family and friends very soon, but we know our work here is far from done. Pray for us! Till next time.
I’m determined to run a full 2miles before my first every attempt at the 3 mile run on Sunday (Which I will try… on the streets of Cardiff!), you see I have been running half distance at least, before intervalling the last half distance. I have been running it more, but I’ve recently had issues with cramp in my shin which locks my foot into place, meaning I can’t physically walk.
The highlight of the evening for me?
is he going to sell my clothes when i die?
1 smell
In an era where war, famine, financial downturns, and crippling misfortune are all part of the average person’s daily news intake, occasionally ‘something has to give’. Having never been a firm believer in karma, this writer can only label the events covered in this article as poetic justice.
The gunmen are believed to have returned hours later to attack another homeowner in the same complex where they held him and his family up, robbing them of jewellery, money and cellphones.
Since then I've had no strength or vigor
We saw that land sitting there for this last 10 years, realizing it would be a great opportunity if somebody could turn it on.
Target : Rs2965
· Bathroom Setup
At the Conference in Chapel Hill, Nicette Jukelevics, CIMS' Coalition Building Committee Chair had the pleasure of presenting the CIMS Organization Members Awards to the following organization members:
If you’re interested in the way a major magazine goes about the choices of selecting and commissioning photography, then a visit to Foam now will be a true treat. From the 23rd of April to the 30th of May Foam presents “The New York Times Magazine Photographs”. Please watch the video below for a more detailed explanation of this exposition.
Write second first sentence.
French president Nicolas Sarkozy wants to implement an EU-wide immigration plan by the end of the year when he stands down as head of the Council of the European Union.
It was time for the VSO Approved Computer-Repair-Staple, it’s the VSO IT-Guys tool of choice when it comes to poke around inside computers. This mighty Tool has the perfect size to short-start a computer or to replace hard-drive Jumpers.
The airborne units will transmit to four strategically located ground-based receiver sites providing city-wide coverage and the ability to simultaneously receive real-time images from two aircraft for viewing at the Office of Emergency Management and Communications (OEMC) operations center. An additional three receive systems will be installed in the city's mobile command vehicles to facilitate field operations.
When I mentioned this to someone in conversation, he replied, “Yes, but the economic capital is Zurich. And Geneva. And the cultural capital is split between Zurich and Basel.” Subjective somewhat I’m sure, but the opinion of a Swiss citizen nonetheless.
Says Dabboo about his work, “I have not restricted myself to any dramatic theme for 2009. Some are in black and white, some are in reds while the rest are in vivid colors,” says Dabboo who begins work on his annual ritual in September every year. “Initially, I used to collect snaps of the stars I had shot and put them together for the calendar. But later, I began shooting them exclusively for it.”
Liverpool’s Derry Mathews snatched the British lightweight title from the grasp of former champion Anthony Crolla on Saturday night after the referee waved the fight off with four seconds remaining in the sixth. The victory ends a two-defeat streak for Mathews – the conquerer of a man who was unbeaten since 2009. The 28-year-old, in his second crack at a magnificent lightweight division, is now the proud holder of that coveted Lonsdale belt.
Cilantro 4.26.12
So I've gotta post my query letter (the plot part) and my first 250 words on my blog ASAP before I send it into the mentors. So here it is.
I just can't do it.
The happy sounds of whole families joined
So much for smarty pants Mommy getting things back on track. Michael is so disgusted with the new candy options from Peter Elf, he leaves the unopened Wintergreen Lifesaver on our dresser before spitting the other one out in the trash.
Beware! Elephantiasis seems to be spreading! It is estimated that 120 million people in the world have lymphatic filariasis. And more and more cases are being reported every year. Pull out your bug spray, and apply generously.
As she struggles to recreate her old life, throwing herself into solving a big case for a client and trying to reclaim her beloved apartment from the handsome photographer who assumed her lease, everyone around her thinks she should take the opportunity to change. But is she willing to sacrifice the job, relationships and everything else she worked so hard to build?
You can get as creative as you like with your boards. If you want to stick with writing, try a fiction board, poetry board, non-fiction board, favorite author quotes, pictures of bookshelves, bookmarks or just about anything you like! You can have a board that only promotes your novel(s).
Sam Lipsyte’s The Ask is the book of the week. Found this one from some recent online reviews and thought I would use it to break up the non-fiction rampage I have been on. The Ask is written smartly; Lipsyte is adept with the turn-of-the-phrase. It’s dark–as the major newspaper reviews note, “loss” is the predominant theme. And the relationships described could lead to many levels of analysis. Lipsyte is known for his comedy. Indeed, this book has some great one-liners.
commuting in Vancouver. Even in November, Vancouver for the past 3 years, has had 2 Bike to Work Week events in spring and fall since there is a growing cycling population to sustain this event.
All clothed in leather,
We were recently asked how we crop our layouts on the TD forum. I work with both Paint Shop Pro X2 and Photoshop. For some reason I prefer PSP for cropping my layouts, and defer to PS for editing photos. You can click the links above, and test the trials for the new versions of these photo editing programs.
Step 1.1 (optional): Get SPACIA tickets, which also can be ordered from the internet
Not the butterflies my mojo. Actually I think I left it at the Vets as it's no where to be seen and I've definitely looked for it! As I have actually had time to do a spot of crafting this week (I did try but it has ended in the recycle) it is very annoying that it has gone AWOL, hope it returns soon! In the meantime a couple of cards the butterfly one was made a couple of weeks ago and the 21st card was made when I made the purple tag I just forgot to blog it doh! Think my Mojo and my Memory have eloped together!
So Dr. Rowe shows up (Rylee's doctor). At this point I am back in the room with Rylee holding her hand. She seems very out of it at this point. She is moving around a little but not near as much as usual. Rylee's doctor greets me with a hug and then begins to talk/look at Rylee. After about 2 minutes of inspection she reports that Rylee was going to be admitted. They were still going to do the PICC line but they didn't want her to go home.
Something seems to have happened...
Feeling a little queasy (you know when you sense someone’s looking at you while you haven’t seen who yet?), I searched for a pair of eyes. Still only trees and leaves.
And here comes the language issue: since between 1.5 and 1.8 billion people speak English as their first or second language, we can easily gather that more than 4 billion people all over the world don't understand English.
Now the two maidens do not pay heed to us anymore. Hands joined, they are absorbed in prayer.
This testimony just happened to take place when members of Congress who had previously supported the bill were beginning to waver because of the fierce public opposition of their constituents back home. WellPoint’s mea culpa was just what the Obama Democrats needed to push them all back into line in support of the bill.
So, I signed up for housing a couple of hours ago. $.$ Not even in college yet, and I already owe money. I hope I get Earhart Hall. Even if it is far from the engineering side of campus, it is one of the engineering dorms.
You were not born with that talent. You were able to do it because you trained yourself for it. This is exactly what everything else is all about. TRAINING. You can do whatever you want and be whatever you like with simply training yourself to be better.
Today in my History of Science class, Dumbledore finished his discussion on the Chemical Revolution earlier than expected, so in a stroke of impulse, he decided to move on ahead and begin the Darwinian Revolution. Immediately, I perked up. I’m the one who coined the term “chemisery,” after all. I really don’t enjoy chemistry much. But I do love Darwin.
WMD- Weapons of Mass Destruction. It was the reason the US went to war with Iraq in 2002. They haven’t found any WMDs but no worries, Saddam is dead and Iran is in power. Stable? Far from that. The shia led government has done nothing but attack every neighbor around them with threats and a warning that Assad will remain in power whether anyone likes it or not. Those are the words of their Prime Minister who then fled to Iran for a meeting while the Iraqi government smuggles oil and weapons into Syria to kill more people while the west can care less and focus on Bahrain instead.
Repurposed McMansions, emptied of their human inhabitants, are filled in later by a troupe of mountain lions.
Indeed the sidepods are largely conventional, the peak above and below the sidepod inlet are similar to the R31, only the vane atop the sidepod front is unusual. Within the sidepods the team have spent time with internal airflow management, the left sidepod houses a large single water radiator, the left sidepod has a split cooler set up, which appears to keep the coolers mounted clear of the floor with electronics houses below. Perhaps for the KERS power control hardware. This high mounted radiator set up reminiscent of the packaging for the FEE and also similar to McLarens 2012 cooler package.
Place of birth: Warsaw, Poland
Don't get me wrong, I've had my moments of being kind of ... (cough, cough), but I usually feel guilty about it and apologize afterwards.
Since 1918, Save the Redwoods League www.savetheredwoods.org has been working to ensure that you – and your grandkids – will be able to experience the awe and peace that these precious natural wonders inspire. After 150 years of logging and development, only 5% of the original 2 million acres of coastal redwood forest remains. Save the Redwoods League has worked tirelessly to protect imperiled redwoods by purchasing forests and landscapes, restored logged forests to their majestic state, and used science and planning to learn what redwoods need to survive (like fog, which is also being threatened by global warming). Since its inception, Save the Redwoods League has protected more than 181,000 acres and helped develop 59 redwood parks and reserves for everyone to enjoy.
I returned to the hotel lobby and rang Mrs P. to tell her of my predicament. I had no real idea what to do – the older I get, the harder I find it is to think straight in emergency situations. We’d probably have to cancel the trip to Castleisland, but how would I get home? And how would I get the car home if I couldn’t get it started? I had a spare zapper at home. Would I get someone to bring it up to me, or would I get a bus home and come back up to Dublin the next day myself with the zapper? And how much would the extra day’s parking cost me?
Prefer getting or giving presents: Giving
― Greg Behrendt, He’s Just Not That Into You: The No-Excuses Truth to Understanding Guys
Coin seigniorage feels like a late-night TV scam, and could raise some sticky questions about who controls the money supply and whether the country is simply monetizing its debt.Krugman added:
So the main beer-related headline this morning (given that George Osborne deliberately misled the nation over his 5% alcohol duty rise by saying there was 'no change' to beer duty, which most people don't realise means the punitive duty escalator remains in place) is that deaths by liver disease rocketed by 25% between 2001 and 2009.
My kids learned to eat more fruits and veggies too. And now we’re all getting our 5-7 servings a day, which is awesome.
Let’s start off with why I think it’s a bad movie…
(3) The taste reminds me a lot of dark chocolate- slightly bitter and kinda earthy. It's really unique tasting and difficult to describe. It's exotic! Once it's paired with chocolate and sweetened in a dessert, the flavor really shines through. It's worth trying at least once in your life! =)
A closeup shot of a faceless appendage plunging into an equally faceless Cutlass Ciera is nowhere as interesting as the hairs sitting atop Lois Ayres' gorgeous,well-proportioned head. Seriously, every time Lois and her cutting edge hairdo would show up on-screen, my spirit would soar. At any rate, the whole, "I'm not dead!" followed by "You're dead, bitch, and this...is Hell!" exchange that is cornerstone of this skull-laden* enterprise comes to a head when Justine and the Hell Guide (sporting yellow gloves with fingers) are seen, yet again, "discussing" (arguing loudly about) her unique predicament.
If it’s a bad choice
My gripe is two fold:
That said, let me introduce you to the players in the game this season:
Mind you, I did think about the advent event item I would be posting each day; so I will be making up for it over the next couple of days. Sorta like I would have done if my advent calendar was real...eat all the chocolates for one week in less than ten minutes!
I alternate between dreaming of my post-race running routine and picking my stomach up from the dramatic plunge that sometimes occurs when I think about the race. Did I skip too many short runs? Did I taper too much? The imagination is a little dangerous when it runs wild, but realistically I know I'll be fine. JT may have to give me a pep talk, but I'll be fine. I just can't wait to cross the finish line and live to write about it!
the flow around us
Nov 14th - Halifax, NS taught by Sherrie Siemens -
It's never easy to find diced prosciutto, which is a shame. I gave up this time around and asked for a couple of thick slices I could dice myself. It worked out rather well. I ended up with a leaner dice than usual.
For me this is the greatest gift of all…the gift of love, generosity, and caring that comes only from a friend, or even a stranger, who knows the silence and despair of darkness. It doesn’t matter what brought you there, but you’re there, and your friend’s voice, touch, presence lets you know you’re not alone.
People are bit confused in choosing the best outdoor speakers because there are different types of speakers available with different prices. Music lovers want to hear music in order to enjoy the environment. Whether you are working or sitting idle at home a good music track will turn you into a happy mood. If you have interest in music and want to hear music everywhere, I shall suggest you to purchase outdoor wireless speakers.
On Wed., five members of the team volunteered at Snack Shack at Mariucci arena during High School hockey section finals. On Saturday, 14 of us went to the Reed Sweatt Tennis Center and helped with tennis drills and other various activities.
The Challenge: Create a Valentine’s Day Card. Include sequins or gems and ribbon.
There is no question but that the Bible teaches us that we are to praise our God. The last five Psalms are dedicated to praising Him. But what is praise? There are many words in the Bible that relate to praise. One has the idea of: to shine, to flash forth light.
Highway 61
An image of Sundance dancing in the rain, dancing in the cemetery, dancing as she set food out, flashed through Ronan’s mind.
When Marge's Little Lulu was officially launched as a regular series, in late 1947, Western had to comply with this rule. The nine tryout issues of Little Lulu in the Dell "Four Color" series weren't sold by subscription, and thus didn't need the filler. But all of Dell's regular titles had to comply.
What am I? A Queen fan? As much as I like 70's rock, no.
As world revealed its guile,
Here's the one secret sentence, I say:
As if we were the only two in the room, I said "You never told me this before."
The black you see along the ceiling is MDO board cut and painted to look like metal sheeting. The rivets you see are wood plugs. This fabrication was to alleviate intense ceiling repair when a cabinet header was removed during renos.
Hmm... I'm sure there were some more...
I have a “former fiancee”
Good Morning all my scrappy, crafty friends! My niece is going to be having baby number two, early in November. New mom's are soooo busy, it's hard for them to find the time to scrapbook those first moments, so I made her a two page layout for the new baby's scrapbook.
The interior’s dominant cast stone walls, BIM designed and individually built and layered creates thesubterranean quality of a carved room from water which is lit from multiple directions by the open exterior, adding relief to the heavy formations. The walls act as objects in their own right, transforming the entrance atrium space into a geological fantasy, formulated by the natural surroundings but very much distinct and un-nostalgic.
I just love that there's a patron saint of cats and gardeners. There's also a patron saint of dogs, st Rocco - must paint him some time too. :)
Let me run away from your memories,
GOT STORIES?
Tool comment: I have used Excel 2007 to collect the data and create this chart. Even though it is natively supported in Excel, the Bubble Chart has a few restrictions which make it cumbersome. For example, I haven’t found a way to use Data Point labels from the spread-sheet; hence a lot of manual editing is required. I also don’t know of a way to create animated Bubble-Charts (to follow the evolution of the bubbles over time) similar to those at GapMinder. Maybe I need to study the ExcelCharts Blog a bit more… If you know of additional tips or tweaks for BubbleCharts in Excel please post a comment or drop me a note. Same if you are interested in the Excel spread-sheet.
The answer. It's 'yes'. I really am going to miss it.
The same holds true when designing the content tracks or themes for your next conference. Are the attendees going to be given a roll of duct tape and taught quick fixes for long-term challenges, or will you give them a shiny bell to learn new behaviors? The choice is yours….choose wisely.
Sora
Ok that’s enough preaching for one day.
So really, none of these teams prepared me for the unabashed hideousness of Stoke City, with their lack of any concession to style. Pulis seems wary of any player who wants to express himself. What’s also amazing is that the rules and pitches in this country have never been more conducive to technical, passing football as now, which is why it’s probably no coincidence that Swansea have come up and stayed here.
love and power
Enter on-line dating. It’s a strange beast, an odd idea, a great invention mechanizing the choice of suitable mates according to selective criteria. And even then…. no guarantee of chemistry, or workability, or anything.
fleshly fist and make it live.
Here for your enjoyment is the PLANET of the APES Picture Activity Album. It appears to have been published in 1974 which would be around the time of the tv show though the characters featured on the cover are from the original movie. I'll intersperse some Apish YouTubes to break up the monotony.
It is as simple as that.
O a strange hand writes for our dear son, O stricken mother’s soul!
Basically, I don't buy or wear dresses without a story behind them.
My wife shared this verse with me today……Hebrews 11:1 (MSG)
Clay Curtis, pastor of Sovereign Grace Baptist Church, Princeton NJ
Hello Handmade Monday, haven't you come around fast? This week I have been juggling working with half term - 2 children and no formal childcare.
They also received a cute skull sucker to fit in with the pirate theme. The boys dived into their suckers without wasting any time, while Tinsley decided she only wanted to look at hers and save it. I have a feeling if the boys find her hiding place, it will vanish.
The main reason for reversal within OHIM was a narowing redefinition of the class of article considered from "promotional items" (the indication of product for which the design was registered) to "metal rappers" (aka "tazos" or "pogs") in particular, with the consequence that the "design freedom" available was held to be narrow rather than broad and the threshold required to differ from the state of the art was therefore lower. The ECJ upheld the Board of Appeal on this point (as it did on most of the legal issues in play in the appeal), but nonetheless found the design similar enough to the prior art to lack individual character.
The next few weeks of the course are to be lead by another tutor, one who has written and published several books, so is pretty well versed in the writing process. The course has a half theory, half practical approach, which seems well suited to learning the craft.
The easy obvious choice was Miles. I liked it as it had a southern, bluesy feel and from a marketing perspective it’s pure genius. But I’m not a man given to gimmicks so I returned to the tradition I started with Malcolm’s successor, Hudson, and that was no easy thing.
"What this requires is an application of our counter-cyclical policies," Gordhan said.
Recently in Disney’s Magic Kingdom, I asked for a salad with no dairy and was literally grilled by the cashier about my reasoning. I had to specify if it was for allergies or personal preference. I’m sure some allergic reaction lawsuit cost them millions of dollars and now they have to be extra careful, but when I ordered my bowl of lettuce from them, I wasn’t expecting the Spanish Inquisition. I would like to think they put as much effort into making my food dairy free as everyone else, but I guess there are levels of dairy free, and I only fall under the personal choice category.
Three sweeping slashes in quick succession, right, left, right again, forced her back, until she felt the statue behind her. The fourth swing would have disemboweled the princess, but she swerved, and he struck the statue again, gouging deep into the earlier scuff. The Hero of Peace gave her a second chance and Sharia lunged forward and upward with all her strength, knife first. She aimed her slender shard of bone for his pale bobbing throat, but he pulled back and the blade bit into the curled edge of his of his breastplate and it snapped.
Number One was this one:
What I wanted this morning was to roll over, set the alarm for 7am (instead of 5:30) and go back to sleep. I reminded myself what I want most was to get to goal and that sleeping in wasn't going to help me get to goal. I reminded myself that my bestie was going to be in that gym getting her sweat on and that I owed it to myself to be there too. I got up and did it, and got in that 2.5 miles. I'm proud of myself and glad I remembered my priorities.
i want healing.
The following is my favorite Dandelion Greens Salad…it’s quick and simple to prepare.’
2) Three ways to enter, on this website, on Facebook and on Twitter.
To improve memory – you will need to develop some healthy habits and stick to them for life. By practicing these habits on a regular basis – you may be able to boost your intelligence and also improve your brain power. To help you get started – here are some habits that you can include in your daily routine:
Otherwise known as... High Maintenance After All...
So here’s the big question: Can you live a life of joy and victory even if you have a child with special needs? I believe the answer is yes.
We arrived in Auckland - the last stop in our New Zealand tour - and on our way to have lunch at one of the waterside restaurants
Anyway, the filmmakers ask him about his personal life and it turns out that, yes, the deeply private former milliner and Harvard University drop-out is gay, and that his early interest in fashion was a concern to his family. (We don't hear much about his family background.)
In any event, the Scary Seed within me germinated like a mutant pumpkin in a mad scientist's lab.
I had him pretty slumped over in his 2 month pics, so he doesn't look like he's grown much, but believe you me he has!
Although this book was sad, it ended with a feeling of hope. Mayhew creates a solid main character and maintains a clear voice throughout. She certainly nailed both the coming-of age tensions and the racial-relations tensions of a time in American history (the 1950's). Thankfully, the story remained front and center and carried the book.
A snap of my fave little hen at the moment. She is so sweet - but very clucky a lot of the time. I'm thinking she is a silkie/pekin cross. Any thoughts on that fellow fowl owners?
Servings : 8-10
Wednesday, I headed to Amiens for the afternoon where I met up with two English assistants. We had some coffees and did some shopping. I bought a pair of black lace up boots that were killer discounted for the very end of the huge sales. I had plans to meet up with one of my former students, but unfortunately, one of his classes got rescheduled for then. He was so apologetic even though it wasn't his fault. He also says he has something for me, and that the next time he invites me for a drink. So nice! And I'm curious.
The meeting closed at 4pm. Next meeting will be in April, members will be informed of details via the Bulletin.
Pete crouched low in the dining room as his boys returned with more loaded magazines.
To ensure that every child’s parent has taken this course, they will be required to provide this information in any head start, daycare, or educational setting including pre-kindergarten. Just as there are requirements for children to have their vision checked, proper dental and medical records, they will also be required to have documentation that their parents are familiar with child sexual abuse prevention on their behalf. The Ten Ways will cover everything that you need to know about protecting a child from being harmed.
And standing beneath a streetlamp, you are
But while we’re on the topic of Arizona sites, here’s a picture of the original Four Peaks covered in a dusting of snow.
We spent quite a bit of time in the hummingbird aviary, it was hard to make ourselves leave.
So I have been learning to be vulnerable with my feelings and that is hard enough but now I have to learn how to be vulnerable with my expressions.
Prosecutors will need to convince the judge and jury that George Zimmerman’s actions meet the criteria for second-degree murder. From the legal definition, it is apparent prosecutors will need to prove George Zimmerman acted in a manner that was “imminently dangerous to another” and that such actions were “evincing a depraved mind regardless of human life.” It would be helpful to find precedent in past court cases to help define these concepts, but for now here is a legal definition of “depravity of mind.”
So keeping with the competition theme, this year I was invited by Baking Mad to go head to head with 14 other bloggers. The challenge was to create my ultimate Valentines treat, using a minimum of 3 ingredients from a mystery box of goodies I was sent.
