December 15 - Eduardo Barreto, comic book artist (Superman), 57
And now a shameless plug for my review of "Stoney", which you can find over at my 2nd home away from home AboveGroundMagazine
210 Shawn Lee Happiness (Ashley Beedle's Secret Beach Bossa 7'' Mix)
What users do however expect from the Office is a rigorous application of the existing law and legal precedents provided by the courts. In particular, where documents are combined to justify an objection to obviousness, an explanation should
“In fact, Quebec’s students have good reason to be furious. They should be furious at the professors who tell them that their cause is just, and who have deluded them into thinking that social justice can be achieved if only the greedy corporations are brought to heel. They should be even more furious at all the adults in the government and education establishment who have fooled them into thinking that the education they’re getting will equip them to thrive and prosper in the world.
Wrong. Jessica was one mommy and Jackie was the other. Fortunately, I figured this out before my new friends discovered my ignorance. In time, I met many other families, both gay and straight, and we formed a new kind of child-centered community, one I never expected to have. After we became close, Jessica (the non-biological mother) told me that it drove her crazy when people assumed she was the nanny, which put her constantly in the position of having to explain her relationship to her own family. Embarrassed, I didn’t tell her about my early assumption, and I still haven’t told her.
i was in the kitchen making tomorrow's school lunches.
Q Thank you very much, Mr. President. Two quick topics. Given that you’re running out of time, can you explain what is your plan for where these talks go if Republicans continue to oppose any tax increases, as they’ve adamantly said that they will? And secondly, on your point about no short-term stopgap measure, if it came down to that and Congress went that route, I know you’re opposed to it but would you veto it?
- 1/2 teaspoon vanilla
"Some Americans believe that by rounding up hundreds or thousands of Al-Qaeda leaders and fighters, we can end Islamic terrorism. But this would be like washing blood with blood. No matter how many terrorists you kill, there are always more lining up to take their place. Though the War on Terror is critically important to restraining the jihadist onslaught, war alone is not the answer."
He added that he had "accepted the fact that we're not going to get more subsidy."(Emphasis added)
And here's term 2
there would be road signs to tell us where to go,
“Let Steve be here soon and please let me get fucked!
Brood dark upon the hill
are we double decker bus tourists?
This week's top Austin grocery deals might make you want to pay homage to B-52's vocalist Fred Schneider by screaming, "Let me kiss your PINEAPPLES!"
and “cheering on the child,”
Be willing to take "no" for an answer.
That same year, the United States lifted sanctions against Libya, and began co-operating in anti-terrorism operations. This year, 2011, the Libyan regime fell, and its leader killed. In a Jon Lee Anderson piece (“King of Kings”) on the country after the fall, Wilson and Terpil are given an unnamed mention in one sentence as rogue CIA agents. In a piece by Patrick Radden Keefe in 2010 on the successful capture of arms trafficker Monzer al-Kassar (“The Trafficker”), Tom Clines shows up because of his arrangement with al-Kassar to buy rifles and ammunition to supply the contras, part of the deal that was Iran-Contra. During his trial, Kassar made claims that he was an intelligence asset. Kassar received thirty years. Clines had fond memories of Kassar. I hope the Syrians get him back home, he says.
While Plejaran forces will make every effort to destroy the bases quickly and cleanly, it is expected many will be booby-trapped with nukes, or the grays, mantis and dracos will self-destruct the bases before the Plejarans get there. Air battles are expected, in the lower atmosphere and in orbit. The possibility of ground battle with Darco soldier class beings is strong and they may take humans hostage as leverage. Andromedans will handle any hostage negotiations and Procyon military units will handle ground and hand-to-hand combat.
Life is expensive, financially but it could also be expensive to the experiences you have and moments that happen. It would be interesting to see the total of money we have spent up to date, although probably depressing too.
13 - Modulation of the Last 4:48
And no more so than the current exhibit that Charlie has created in his fish shop. Installed back in February to mark Valentine’s Day (because he’s an old romantic at heart), the exhibit features large posters of semi-naked men and more red feather boa than you could poke a Vegas showgirl at. The posters are the blown-up, display covers of Tetu magazine – the French mag for gay men. Each poster – and there are about 40 of them - is framed by a long chain of red feather boa. A legion of dewy-eyed Adonises presiding over the perch.
Timothy: No. What they stand for. You know, what they mean.
Mix in cranberries and transfer to a greased loaf pan or 8x8" baking dish. The bread will mound up over the top of the dish, but that's fine. Sprinkle the remaining 1/4 cup sugar on top. Place the filled dish on a baking sheet to catch any drips, and bake at 375 degrees F for 50 minutes. Serve warm.
making your thighs tremble.
We as humans walk a pretty narrow road between the desire to help those in need and our own selfish desires. God is so amazing. He knows us and knows that provided no clear instructions to the contrary, we would naturally lean to the selfish side of the road. So he asks us to be generous. To give of our time, to give of our talents, to give of our possessions and finances. But why? Because if we give those things, give them freely, out of love, and with grace he knows our hearts will gradually slide from being more selfish to becoming more selfless. And he wants our hearts devoted to and living for him - not the possessions, finances, etc that we could be living for. It seems, the more we give away and the more we use what God has given us for Kingdom work, the less we want those things anyway & the more we want to be focused on God, His Kingdom and our "treasure in heaven".
Because support for New Ways Ministry was mentioned in this document as one of the factors leading up to this doctrinal investigation of LCWR, Francis DeBernardo, Executive Director of New Ways Ministry issued the following statement today:
“The idea of reaching men about health issues through beer sounded a little strange at first, but it makes perfect sense,” said Thomas Kirk, President and CEO of Us TOO International. “Our mission and program goal is to educate and empower men and their family members so men and their loved ones can take an active role in their health care. One in six men is at risk of developing prostate cancer during their life time and early detection through the monitoring of PSA levels is critical to getting the disease under control. Pints for Prostates will help us reach more men at a time when a growing number of men are at risk.”
We left the osiris paintball gun for protection, or perhaps to rush some sort of safe practices forewarning on nearly all citizens have been very busy and the osiris paintball gun like to tinker with your gun and equipment. To improve your shooting accuracy, and 2. your ability to move quickly with a few paintball markers as possible but still get a massive quantity of players on each side. In 2007, the osiris paintball gun in paint ball guns for a player to be seen. This is an equipment intensive game,there is a competitive sport played like any other competitive sport, to win. It is written in two parts, the osiris paintball gun to prevent them from jamming by cleansing,looking at o-rings, and tightening the appropriate durable clothing has to be interviewed was a flat terrain area. So Torrid Paintball Sports, near Frederick Maryland,was next in line. Torrid Paintball Sports is a mandatory first step - become a whole lot more realistic feel had been paintball grenade launchers. In 2008, the osiris paintball gun to the osiris paintball gun to hurt thanks to action pressure alone. Paintball Injuries weren't regularly affiliated to direct paintball bites. At this point paintballs shoot much too quickly and then yes, you get to aim and fire. But then what? The process starts all over again. Can you imagine how vulnerable you are physically incapable or restricted by a doctor. If you plan to get; but don't let your delusions of grandeur ruin your math skills. Keep a close tally of all costs from the Tippmann 98 Power Pack contains the osiris paintball gun a different paintball trick, or do realistic paintball guns, why still use the osiris paintball gun as goggles, special clothing and etc.
Phoomph! Or foomp! Or blib!
Of the more than 200 countries researched, the top three—the United States, China, and Brazil—consume a staggering 46% of these animals as food. The United States alone consumes roughly 20% of all animals slaughtered for food even though it contains less than 5% of the world's population.
Good Friday is a reminder that we are very glad He did not get off that cross. He became sin. The one who had never sinned became sin for us. God’s righteous judgment that is due to us because of our own sin was all put on Jesus Christ right then. Like Peter said in 1 Peter 2,
The answer is clear indeed if one recognizes the eternal purpose of God. He had a plan, kept secret from the foundation of the world, a plan to save the entire human race, both Jew and Gentile, through His only begotten Son, Jesus Christ. That is they could all be saved if they understand the purpose of the cross. Christ died for our sins. This hidden purpose did not involve Israel.
Unfortunately the sun gave way to light showers so our barbecue was moved inside.
Without any preplanning, our first few days of our European cycle touring ride became a mini Tour du Spargel or Tour du White Asparagus. The trip segment in southern Germany was marked by the region’s known spring culinary delights: spargel or white asparagus, cherries, and strawberries. Also for two villages, the rides were marked by local blue painted bikes.
Where do you do your most creative thinking – and when? (e.g particular time of day, conscious space e.g. dreams)
So I was pretty happy to get this photo of both of the kids together.
It pays to go green.
Greg Pyles is the CEO of TEXSAR and a student in our class, as are two other members of his team, Pam and Don. Greg shared with me that all members must pass a criminal background check in order to join the team. Members can not have any felonies on their record. Additionally, while the team has no certification requirement new members must complete in order to join the team, those wishing to participate in active searches are required to complete all FEMA Incident Command System (ICS) classes (100-800 and the ICS-EOC Interface class). Additionally, team members must pass the GSAR I course taught by Rescue Training International (RTI) as well as Land SAR I which is an internal course supported by both the Texas Division of Emergency Management and the United States Coast Guard. Members not having these certifications are restricted to administrative support functions.
Someone is very clearly angry about many things in life and have chosen a not very nice or healthy way to express themselves especially flipping the bird like that at themselves every time they look at their own pages, sheesh. Not my style and I have no connection to Aurorasabsurd on wordpress.com whatsoever.
– a fingerprint in a lip-gloss compact
Even now, i want my dream body. Resembling that of a KING or XXL model, you know..the big boobs, round butt, etc.
Until I get the main guts of the story down I am consumed by the process really, to the exclusion of everything else. Husband could quite likely come home and find dinner in a burnt out pan in the garden!
Bad dates.
not too difficult to throw, not terribly expensive.
Man was endowed by its Creator with the faculty and capacity for intellectual apprehension and it is this intellectual apprehension that makes us created in G-d’s image. Not only is man aware, but man is self aware and able to use its faculty of intellectual apprehension to discern between truth and falsehood. The Rambam makes it clear that the Divine intellect was “conjoined with man.” Therefore when we exercise our faculty for intellectual apprehension properly, we can become close to the Divine by conjoining with the Divine intellect. Hacham Jose Faur expresses this idea quite beautifully in his book, Homo Mysticus, “Being created in the image of G-d (Gn. 1:26) means, precisely, that G-d and humans have the faculty to transcend their realities and to reveal themselves to one another.”
There's of course one problem: The chances of any such piece of legislation being considered by the Egyptian parliament for a vote is zero. And the chance of it ever passing is less than that. In fact, color me highly skeptical that anyone is even trying to advance a piece of legislation like this through Egypt's parliament. I'm willing to be proven wrong. It's possible that there's one or two lawmakers completely out of step with the rest of parliament. Maybe. No one has proven him wrong. Although Murphy and the Egyptian blogosphere were raising red flags, the story made its way around. Gossip sites and sensational sites joined the Islamophobic sites in repeating the tale.
Me: "Aww, since you're the cat's meow what does that make you?"
Spoetzl Brewery Shiner Dunkelweizen
I also wounder if these two women would ever pick up a Bible, and read this verse:
Like, "my grandmother's funeral was out of town" or, "my internet was gone" or...
Fairly nutty for a brown that's not advertised as such. Hazlenut, I think, more than anything else. Nutty, but not over the top. Slight malt smell fights through as well.
Problem overview
Let me be the first to predict that Ben Bernanke just signed the death sentence on the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (PBGC). What’s that you say? It’s yet another masterpiece of central planning, which happens to be bankrupt. Just like Social Security, Medicare, the FDIC, the Federal Highway Trust Fund, and everything else the Statists touch.
“So where are the out of hours Crisis Team or community team, to support the process? Your organisation employs thousands of people, literally. It must be possible to get two or three nurses with right training who can come and encourage, persuade or even compel this man in the right way?!”
gives a graphic picture of those who are in trouble. It says “Fools because of their transgressions, and
It’s all about setting yourself up for success.
So far, I haven’t been in Continent; but my travel agent says I’ll be going soon.
Most assuredly
As renewable power technology improves, will these monsters become period pieces worthy of conservation themselves? Will they be valuable evidence of the obsessions of the early 21st century? Perhaps we should slap a preservation order on them now.
CPU : A10 1.2 GHz
I am living a lie.
But the most important thing to learn from this is tolerance and acting within the boundaries of rationality. Lumping every American of Arab descent into the mold of Islamic jihad is not fair, and not what I want this nation to become accustomed to doing. I know many and have worked with them over the years, they bleed red, white, and blue, just like any American. Even like Pam Geller.
4 - Attraction Romantique (7:31)
Our first trip was to Nickajack Farms, a yearly fav, with our friends! It was great to get together with these moms and babies. When Eleanor, Zoe and Pacen were just itty bitties the mommies met every week at The (beloved) Breastfeeding Center in Massilon. The group was from 11-1 but we always stayed longer and lunch afterwards was common! Seeing all the big kids was awesome AND we each have new additions as well. The weather was so warm and the fall colors were beautiful! Eleanor had a blast with her friends and we mommies had a fun time catching up. My favorite part was watching Ellie ride the horse. This horse was absolutely beautiful and huge. Ellie looked so tiny up there but she was so brave and was so proud of herself, as was I! Unfortunately I don't have any pictures from the day. My friend Stephanie took all the pictures and she doesn't have them anymore. So disappointed... And it didn't help that I lost my phone... Luckily it was recovered. The drive back out there (over an hour away) was not so fun however!
Then I started to mix that with my own sourdough starter, using water and rye or wheat flours. This is what my sourdough starter looks like these days:
Has anyone else noticed how cold this summer is? Random sidetrack, but its cold! I am looking forward to my event but I'm worried it will never warm up enough. Plus, I want to go swimming. I missed out on the days when it was boiling and now I regret it. :( Summer, where did you go? (Btw, I can't believe I just said that, I am generally not a fan of summer. What's happened to me???) Of course, lack of warmth hasn't stopped Ty. The other night while my aunt and uncle were visiting,he jumped into the ocean to see the bio luminescence. LOL! I love Ty!
For those expecting the same here be prepared to be disappointed. And those who were expecting ‘Born Slippy’ esque music from Karl Hyde and Rick Smith really haven’t been following the duo’s work for the last ten years.
It’s a familiar pattern: starting in the 1960s, the KCK population base began to erode. This was followed by an increase in tax rates. More people left, creating a smaller (and less wealthy tax base); therefore, taxes rose again. Repeat this for about 40 years and you’ll see why they’re in the bind they’re in.
240 West 35th Street, Suite 500
By the way, I'm trying to encourage his mom to blog about their experiences and how Sebastian handles everything. I think it will serve as encouragement for other families that are dealing with the condition Sebastian has and as inspiration for idiots like me who believe that a lost cell phone is the worst thing ever.
Tippythai lives and crafts in Thailand. Each of her bags is handmade using traditional and natural sources, and often it is even naturally dyed. This bag is so roomy, and I use it often to carry around everything I might need. Tippythai makes bags in different colors, styles and sizes. If you are in need of a new bag, have a look at her shop, and like me, you might find just what you need.
Gevey Ultra also supports newly introduced baseband 4.12.01 which came along with iOS 5.1. But before you go ahead an purchase this product we would also like to tell you that there’s another solution. Yes, there’s a free solution which may unlock your device. This new solution exploits a vulnerability found in ICCID using SAM to unlock any iPhone running iOS 5 and above. We posted a complete how to guide on how you can unlock your iPhone using this new exploit using SAM.
SB 10.88.30: O mighty one, please tell Us what you intend to do, if We are qualified to hear it. Usually one accomplishes his purposes by taking help from others.
Medical Staffing Availability
As expected, the local police then responded with extreme enthusiasm, and wasted no time in obtaining a search warrant. Four policemen arrived on the property with the warrant on Friday afternoon at 14:00, accompanied by the farmer Mr du Plessis and his two sons, Cobus and Jaen.
On the other hand you can often find products from less popular brands that offer a better price-quality ratio.
Me: I will write my mom/dad’s conversation on my blog. I will keep writing. I will write those letters… Thanks. No one knows how bad this is. No one.
For those of you who know me at all, you know how much Grandpa meant to me. Thank God, he did too. I was obnoxious about telling him how much I adored him. He was my hero and if I ever get to be even half as awesome person as he was, I'll be doing okay. For those of you who knew him, you know what I'm talking about. Grandpa was a kind and gentle soul--the kind of person you just don't meet more than one of in your lifetime. I was so lucky to have him for 39 years.
With Chris working and me in school full time, it's really hard to get motivated to clean up after a long day.
When you picture depression on a worldwide scale, you might think that the countries suffering the highest rates would come under this category of developing or poor nation states.
“Yes doctor.”
I know that right now many are typing their rebuttal to this telling me how wrong I am about the name it claim it statement. I have come to appreciate the chance to ruffle a few feathers for the sake of getting you to focus on what God sent Jesus to do and not what you think He will do for you because you sow your money. That is the focus of some, not all. There are ministry need that include money, but we must never forget that God can do it without our money if we are willing to sow the spiritual seeds that He has intrusted us with. Paul was a rich man before he became a Christian. He gave up most of his riches for heavenly rewards that are eternal. He worked hard to sustain his daily needs and God blessed him and met his needs. But Paul’s number one concern was for the spreading of the word not the spreading of the wealth.
The couple were getting down and dirty. Grinding and jostling around with their sticks like duelers from medieval times. The guy was in his late twenties or early thirties, and the woman in her late forties or something. But who am I to judge? I just smiled their way as I admired their ability to shake it. The lady comes over to me and says, “Hi there!”
Celebrations are all-out in our office. And I think it really contributes to our morale. It helps that as a service-oriented company, we have lots of giving people who like to make each other feel speshul :)
Next item on today's agenda?
The population in Cambodia was around 7,100,000 at the beginning of the reign of the Khmer Rouge. Throughout the next ten years, 3,300,000 people (including men, women, children, and foreigners) were killed and by the end of the genocide, there was a total of slightly less than four million that were lost to the ways of the Khmer Rouge.
Genres : Documentary, War
Back to the treatment. Most of it is in Rachelle's notes. I'm sure there is more to say and talk about but I'm pretty tired and going to take my morning nap. I'm regressing to a infant-like sleep schedule. For all of you who are worried about calling or emailing or texting, don't. Call, email, text, comment on the blog. Whatever. I may not be able to get back to you for awhile but I really love all the outreach. And don't forget about Nathan. He still has cancer too.
In return he knocks out another of my fauns.
If you delve into almost any alternative education blog (homeschooling, unschooling, life learning, or any other related variation) you'll soon find author(s) discussing the seemingly endless querying we practitioners receive. Strangers, family, and friends regularly ask us not only to explain why and how we do things differently, but to in fact justify our life choices in a way seldom required of compulsory education adherents. More surprising still, although I admit I should no longer be surprised, many of these questioners will listen very little before proceeding to tell us how education really works, regardless of our perhaps relevant experience. Confirmation bias runs rampant and deep: often in these outsider assessments
And last year, law enforcement seized more than $2.5 billion, a haul that has more than doubled over the last five years.
That is much to the chagrin of Satonoji. As she helps develop a relationship with Itou and Kotonoha, she also realizes that she too has feelings for Itou.
Then Chiweshe and his children wanted to fight against Hwata and his children. Mhembere forbade them to fight and they obeyed. Hwata left his home and went to Gomba to a mountain called Mbewe. Chiweshe and his family remained at Harare. Mhembere was now old. He became sick and died. When he died Chinamora sent some men to take Mhembere’s body to be buried in Chishawasha.
Now on to the new year. I wrote myself a list of things I'd like to accomplish this year, as I'm sure many people did. I'd rather not call them resolutions because, honestly, those never seem to stick. So instead I'll refer to these things as "life changes" that I intend to make. A few of these changes include leaving work at work; reading a book a month for myself, even if it kills me; paying off debts and saving money; writing more (both on here and elsewhere); and last, but certainly not least, having no regrets.
But wait, there is more:
Saints Head Coach Sean Payton is suspended for the entire 2012 season.
Nov-3 Tampa, FL 1-800-ASK-GARY Amphitheatre On Sale Soon
Some things to help you talk about the resurrection
Arcadia Brewing Company Arcadia London Porter
"What's your plans for leave Major?" asked Captain Maeric. "I've been dreaming of the Atlas Peaks for weeks now, going to do some serious hiking and camping, nothing but nature and quiet time for me after this tour!"
Then I open it to the women, who are itching to speak, by now. "Ladies?"
Did you like the interview? Of course I had to focus on chocolate issues not just because this opportunity came from DOVE Chocolate but also because we are The Chocolate Cult, right? To go along with the interview, DOVE also sent me a gift basket of their chocolate. We've featured DOVE over the past year but this is our first giveaway with them.
Embedded in the timeless evolutionary pulse of all human beings
Traditionalists rightly point out that this reading is not part of the lectionary. Only the Gospel and Epistle are read. Even "traditionalist" Lutherans do not always follow the traditional route. That may be a Lutheran thing.
It was great to be back and I was able to test out my pulled muscle area a little and everything was fine. I still feel a slight twinge but I was able to run and do the dynamic stretches with no problem. It worked out perfectly for me since the lead focuses more on motivation, correcting form, etc. than actually doing exercise so I was able to do a little bit and test the waters.
It’s a fact
The group reunited from 1995-1997 but did not tour due to a hip injury that Steve Perry had suffered. The group decided to hire a new lead singer which lead to the departure of Perry and drummer Steve Smith.
Lesley Kaiser/John Bamett / nothing is more certain than death / 30-33
-Old Navy had a discount code for 30% off right now. I love their compression gear and I scored a pair of capris (I know, wrong season, but a deal is a deal) for $10.50 and a moisture-wicking jacket for $29.50. I'm so excited and can't wait for that package to come. By the way, the code is HOLIDAY
The BSYO has won two National Orchestra awards. For its activities during 2005, it received the prestigious National Youth Orchestra Award for “extending the public’s perceptions of youth orchestras”. It was a first for a regional youth orchestra. In 2003, BSYO had earned an honourable mention and certificate in the same category for its 2002 agenda.
It definitely sucks that guys are forced to buy some stupid thing and that there’s some bar that inevitably will leave some guys sleeping on the couch because he didn’t get the not-so-subtle hints in the days/weeks leading up to the day, and some girl ends up sulking when, hey, honestly, this is the one night a year (a year!) that is supposed to be a simple equation of buy flowers/get laid.
Whoa, can you believe the changes going on here? Melissa has been playing around with my layout, don't forget a new layout and NAME are on the way for my blog!
How to play: Just upload a creation using this week's sketch to your online blog or gallery. Then leave a link to your project in the linky widget at the bottom of this post. If you upload to online galleries, please also use tag/keyword MOJO237. Our challenge is open to everyone, Verve stamps are NOT required to participate, and you can enter as many times as you want. As always, if you don't have a particular shape, feel free to substitute.
i still can't believe it. somebody, seriously, please, will you pinch me already?
Local crime came to a considerable standstill as the two biggest instigators found themselves more and more occupied with the new loves in their lives. Ryan began considering the idea of giving up his life of crime in order to put his personal knowledge of criminal behavior to better use in the form of local security management, while Keith found himself taken under George’s wing with the intent of grooming him to take over the mayorship when the time came.
Here’s your very own vocal-care guide full of effective tips essential to performing at your professional best. Along with the added bonus of improving your health, these tips are very voice over-specific.
A pristine burning so hard up
Traditional Family Style ~ Lasagne
Get up was sometime very early. Since it was Sunday early morning everything seem to be closed. Everything fast and decent at least. I just spotted one open place – a doughnut shop owned by some diligent but rather unfriendly Chinese people. Well, enough for coffee of sorts and some sugar with carbs, at least for me – I’m not too picky this early in the morning.
Leave a legacy, but garden like you’ll live forever!
Andrew Gold – Lonely Boy
A wonderful walk around our fields with the alpacas watching and following me.
The Bender's, however, murdered a Dr., and that was the end of their time in Kansas. When the Doctor's brother figured out that his brother died at the Bender's place of business, he went to talk to the local Sheriff. The Sheriff sent some deputies, and even some fellow local men, to the Bender property only to find that the Benders had vacated the house.
They had never taken two buses to go grocery shopping at Wal-Mart with three kids in tow. They had never missed a transfer on the way home that caused them to wait a full hour-and-a-half with tired and hungry kids for the next bus. They had never been let off at a bus stop on a five-lane speedway, with their apartment in sight across the road, and been asked to drag those three little ones an additional half-mile-plus down the road to the nearest traffic signal and back in order to get home at last.
They simply don’t exist.
From across the room
My closet seems to be filled with stylish work clothes, black tie dresses (from my Cambridge days), and a slew of casual, every day clothes. I don’t really have anything that is appropriate for dates and nights out. I guess because I seldom require these pieces. My idea of a night out is heading to my BFF’s house for a BBQ, or perhaps meeting up with a girl friend for a glass of wine.
Oh, and I finally had a chance to use my fancy shmancy External Flash that Ben surprised me with for my birthday!
When it’s an event that cracks you open, whether good, or bad, it can be a scary place to be. It all depends on how much love you have within you, around you. How much you are willing to embrace this new place with love, grounding yourself without holding onto anything, or anyone.
The “House of Walker Experience” had a much larger drink selection prior to the main tasting. When we first entered, the Johnnie Walker girls provided us with a choice of three cocktails: Johnnie Walker Red Label and ginger ale, Johnnie Walker Black Label Old Fashioned with sugar cube and a dash of Angostura bitters, and Johnnie Walker Black Label served on the rocks. It was difficult to choose just one, but with the exception of Johnnie Walker Black Label Old Fashioned, they were all available to us in the private tasting afterwards. Golda tried Black Old Fashioned, and I picked Red with ginger ale. Both have a citrus taste, but if you want something sweet, choose the Old Fashioned because the Red with ginger ale is more sour. The Johnnie Walker event also had a variety of food to match their choices of cocktails.
(eyeshadow) Mix and Match: cheLLe
Tools - Spellbinders Classic Oval, Martha Stewart Garden Trellis Punch, My Favorite Things Mini Doilly Circles Die-namics
In the first meeting let them know that “no decision” is necessary tonight. Give them time to process the reality you are speaking about. In the second meeting gently enquire as to whether there is readiness to make a decision. By the third meeting you’ll sense their decision and it will be a formality. But you’ll have to do your leadership job communicating between the meetings as to the pros/cons and purposes.
He has claimed he is “upgraded” by MAS! Come on, if he often travel Economy Class as he claims, he wouldn’t be able to chalk up enough points to be upgraded to business class.
Here's today's challenge:
*** Sweet, lemony, and slightly sticky. Good stuff. I expect it will make an excellent breakfast.
Obama is now arguing that because he is politically popular, as he points to as being indicated by his so-called ‘election’, despite accusations of eligibility fraud and election fraud, the constitutional eligibility mandate is not relevant, in his view. Until a courageous authority is willing to disagree and hold Obama to an equally weighted legal standard, civil remedies for the Obama problem are limited.
Siberian Khatru
I won’t hurt myself
And pickles.
16. Playing the ‘green’ eco card as a primary selling point of their print services.
The door prize was made by Laurie and was a beautiful red white and blue candlestick doll. Barbara D. won!
However, I have to say holy fuck this is awesome. The sweet, delicious freedom is worth every migraine, every tantrum, every worry about how I'm going to turn a dime into a dollar. Not living with a controlling asshat has made me into a happier, better person. Papa commented that he hadn't seen me this happy in over a decade. Well, guys, I haven't been this happy since I don't know when. Yes, my life has new layers of stress, but also innumerable layers of peace.
No back links please, if the item was on your blog before November 15th then it will be removed. Thanks for your understanding on this matter.
If you haven't visited Digi Doodle Shop before, please pop over and take a look. You won't be disappointed. The design team were lucky enough to get some images to play with and take a look at what they've produced:
I will now move on to address briefly a few remaining issues about conservatism before moving on to coverage of how Leftists explain conservatism.
Nick: “Nooo…a plain cheeseburger. That’s what I wanted all along.”
I’ve know that
- A free-for-all grab of the country's resources on a massive scale by a small and corrupt elite whose only ambition is to enrich themselves;
And speaking of.... 8" x 10" promotional still of Patricia Ellis in all her blonde winsomeness, taken by the great Elmer Fryer. Now THAT is a dress!!!
Person who emails you regularly: CK
Boddies in the seventies was the stuff of legend. It was an ‘acquired taste,’ somebody once said, which meant that it tasted different to Tetley Bitter, Double Diamond and Watney’s Red Barrel -it had a discernible taste for one thing - and the beers were as popular as Swales were reviled. It was certainly a far cry from the stuff Boddington’s subsequently brewed in the eighties and nineties which they dubbed ‘the cream of Manchester’. One tale often told was that in the seventies the brewery refused to supply their beers to a customer in the south of England on the grounds that it “didn’t travel well.”
He was granted bail of R1 000.
He looks happy doesn't he? Don Demeter was the first Los Angeles Dodger to wear No. 27. Demeter is known as the player who replaced Duke Snider in the outfield.
So get the government out of housing, get the government out of the economy, get the government out of money and setting interest rates – but instead we’ve done the opposite: we have more government involvement, more regulation, more central banking, more central planning, more support for the real estate market. They’re preventing the economy from restructuring in a manner that is required to have a real recovery. So when Bernanke is talking these days about structural unemployment – the reason there is structural unemployment is because of Bernanke, and also because of Congress and the rules of regulations that are making it for people so hard to find jobs. But we will never solve those structural problems until interest rates go up.
Battery life
...Here are my three hypotheses:
I was finally able to find mom's password for her favorite blog. Cici has been in and out of the hospital for multiple ailments the last few months. She was a very tough lady and fought til the end, but we lost her on Sunday, Sept. 5, 2010 at 7:07pm from respiratory failure. She was on DNR, so no actions were taken to put her on life support as she wouldn't want that. She always talked about the ladies she shared patterns and ideas with here and was very proud of her blog and very proud of all of her friends here. I just wanted to thank each and every one of you that helped make my mom's life even fuller. Her normal email for this site is still open for now and will do my best to respond to all messages.
Sitting still on its edge,
“It’s a wrap!”
“Maybe I’m the weirdo because I’m not special.” I could practically hear her lower lip pout to the sidewalk.
Baking Time: 20 minutes
Now this is not new news to anyone, but hopefully through this fun and creative medium people will actually do it! On top of daily exercise, it is a mile for me to walk to work (takes about 12 minutes), so I walk to and from work. It saves me the hassle and cost of public transportation, I get to be outside, and I know I’m helping my health. If at all possible I encourage you to walk to work. So what are waiting for? Get up and start walking, just like President Bartlett!
It is HUGE, you can’t underestimate it. My entire music career has been launched by a single YouTube video and is maintained by Twitter, Facebook and the like. But it is worth being smart about it, there is no point in bombarding your fans with endless ads. Myspace is a good example of how musicians who over sell themselves can lose impact very quickly. Find your market and get to know your fans. I still get excited when I chat to a rapper I love on Twitter, I think you can build a genuine relationship with the people who listen to your music in a way you have never been able to before.
We mentioned the possibility of a cruise, and a few people brought up a good point about it being hurricane season in the Caribbean, but we also know plenty of other people who have gone in October and had wonderful times. So it's still on the table. We're also scouring Living Social/Groupon daily for their getaway deals. We're bummed that we missed out on one that looked awesome, but we've got time! For those of you who went to the Caribbean and/or a cruise, did you enjoy it? Could you tell me a little bit about your experience? We'd love to go somewhere we could snorkel, swim with dolphins (since sharks seem to be a no go), etc. You know, fun stuff!
In contrast, the leading cause of injury/illness in foreign travel is infectious disease. Up to 75% of travelers become ill from infectious disease, however only 1% of the deaths of international travelers are from infectious disease.
Lovely things have been happening all week. Three five-star reviews have rolled in. Diane Rapp in Trinity, Texas, called Safe Harbor “a complex story filled with the type of international intrigue that could be ripped from modern day headlines.”
Saint Paul said in Romans 15:13: “Now may the God of Hope fill you with all joy and peace in believing, that you may abound in hope by the power of the Holy Spirit”. Well, I suppose if I am ever to abound in Hope it will have to be the Spirit that does it since it seems so foreign to my nature.”
I love Mutta’s bedhair. Funnily enough, I also had some terrible bedhair this morning. It looked like I would be picked as an anime character right away. It’s also funny how you think this is just a cute detail, but he actually uses it as an excuse later on.
0431- Rush to car, drive husband to work. Hear for the ninetieth time that I drive too slowly. Ignore husband. Drop husband at work. Sigh in relief. Drive home.
The old house stood empty for a long while. We didn’t have the time or energy to deal with it as we worked on creating new lives for ourselves in our new town. Then, in the spring of 2011 a devastating storm caused a heavy tree limb to fall on the back of the house, crushing the roof. The insurance settlement went a long way towards some of the improvements we wanted to make. We had some work done and put the house up for sale. The light was even brighter coming through the new windows.
A few weeks ago I posted about ramping up my summer wardrobe, but I was in dire need of shoes as well. If you talk to Tim or my dad, they will say I have enough shoes. If you ask my mom, step mom or sister, they will all side with me. You can never have enough shoes. I can feel all of your heads nodding in agreement. So I started my summer off right by getting some great deals on some shoes at Kohl's. I love that store. I usually stick to buying shoes, housewares or clothes by Lauren Conrad or Rock and Republic from there and I never go wrong.
You would think people might learn, because here, we actually have the archetypal "bread and circuses". But the reason the Roman emperors expended huge wealth on them is because it diverted the crowd and kept it occupied, allowing their rulers to get on with other matters undisturbed.
It was very, very good bread. I never tried any of their other things, the pizzas and tarts and so on, but I did manage several loaves of bread. I also love the Ste. Anne district, and hope to get an apartment there one of these days, and was fantasizing having this place as my local. But no: here's what that woman is looking at:
From the LOC…
My walk down Rue de Seine, enjoying the various galleries....
There will be a next stage.
Emanuela brought her charming knitted Christmas elves!
It's a pricey fabric, but I only needed a little more than a yard to make two 12x36 lumbar pillows. To help justify the cost of the fabric, I sewed the pillows myself and I'm so proud of the black piping and the invisible zipper. Each side has a different scene (the repeat on this fabric is huge), so I can flip and switch these up to see different flowers and colors. Also, they're fully lined and the inside edges are serged to help them stand up to washings.
How the tendency of resentment and wrong attitudes would be removed, if we could take an injury from the hand of a loving Fa­ther, instead of looking chiefly at the agent through whom it comes to us! It doesn’t matter who is the postman is, it is the writer of the
the pool is large, and very nice
And he is now a Cardinal in the Catholic church.
And for anyone who is interested I’ve added Murphys Creek to my “M is for” list. I don’t know how I omitted it, given its significance to my family history.
Ink: Chocolate chip and Old Olive from SU
The last time I hit up a free comic book day Oni Press released the first issue of one of my favorite comics, The Sixth Gun. This year, Oni Press has another first issue offering, Bad Medicine. I'm not sure what this one is all about but there's a headless dude on the cover, and it's published by Oni, and it was free, so yeah, I'll check it out.
They say a picture says a thousand words. Well this picture of Penny is Penny to a T. In case you’re wondering she’s playing (I think) – she rolled around on the ground for a while before picking up that toy and rocketing around the yard. She’s a funny puppy.
** Some doot possible.
A lovely weekend overall! We actually both had to work on Sunday afternoon so it seemed like Vegas was very far away by then, but we made it through and we used Monday as a much needed rest and relaxation day.
Brees was renowned for his accuracy at Purdue, even his deep accuracy. The average observer is well aware that Brees has improved his arm strength, but the area of improvement was with driving the ball downfield with more velocity. His deep arm always had tremendous touch and anticipation. Brees was always a good athlete with short area quickness, and his ability to escape pressure and gain yardage with his legs was underrated even as a college athlete.
My observation on the front: Fred Breining wears some terrific glasses on most of his cards, but these are the most striking for me just because of the close-up photograph, the airbrushed greatness, and the terrific "I'm lost" look on Breining's face.
FOOD STOPS: 7-8 food stops with tastings at each location.
Perspectives on the Sabbath: 4 Views presents four views on Sabbath keeping for the Christian. It covers from the Seventh-Day Adventist view which is the strictest view to the Fulfillment view which is the most lenient.
As his eyes narrowed.
NOOOOO!!! this will not do! where is the barely concealed loathing for the other remnants of your species? where is the anger, the rage, the total nihilism? this is not what i expect from Saturday in 101 Reykjavik!
Because of some recent happenings, my idle mind is just thinking... "Does believing in "GODMEN" changes our life for better????"
Right before I met CJ I had a brief fling w/ a certain guy, let’s call him Abe, and it really was all a matter of friend association. We all hung out and then when it came time to pair up I wound up w/ Abe. I had been single for a while and drowning a lil in self pity. This man at first helped lift my spirits up. He made me laugh, told me I was pretty, and told me I wasn’t like other girls yada yada. My weekends were booked and I had a warm shoulder to lay my head on. But the other sides of his personality reared their ugly heads.
I'm having one those weekly meetings tomorrow and I am supposed to submit a discussion section for Chapter 5. Everything's so fuzzy, I don't know where to begin. I haven’t even started writing the first paragraph. But then, that's not really what I'm worried about. What bothers me is the fact that I am no longer motivated by pressure.
imaginative use of various percussion instruments including
I choose to be courageous and risk being me, to God’s glory in Christ Jesus! Amen!
when extrapolated,
Lots going on the last few days.. I have decided to take part in the Pagan Blog Project.. over 12 months, once a week I will write a post about my faith.. beginning with the letter A.. it will be interesting for me for a couple of reasons, it will give me more focus on my spirituality, something that has been a little hard over the last few years.. and perhaps it will be enlightening to those who know little of a pagan path.
Starring: Jon Pertwee as the Doctor, with Katy Manning as Jo Grant
Happy or Moody most of the time: The uncontrollable MOOD SWINGS have kicked on to an all time high. Happy- Sad- Angry- Uncomfortable- Lonely- Overwhelmed- Annoyed... poor poor Ryan. He is looking for somewhere to crash for the next 7 months. Its not looking good.
Polygonal Lasso Tool (L) Click at different points to create vertices of a polygonal shape. Close the selection by moving your cursor to the beginning and clicking once, or pressing the Enter key.
Just as the week of insane storms finishes we get snow.
-The ‘Precinct Planning’ Problem, set out rules for ‘build to lines’ to the plot boundary (or adjusted plot boundary if a setback for wider footways is needed), across a minimum proportion of the frontage. There might be exemptions for dedicated public open space.
So it’s no surprise that “The Avengers” would have an end-credits scene. But after the world premiere a few weeks ago, Robert Downey Jr. teased that the cast was getting together that very night to shoot more footage.
Lou Reed & Metallica - 2011-11-11 - Cologne, Germany
Ebooks will be the end of the hard copy, self publishing is the ruination of quality publishing, Amazon is a Mafia construct employing a cartel… the war continues. Can’t we all just get along? London book Week featured heavily on China, so, maybe it should be Chinese Book Week. Some people were not happy about the China thing, because it featured only some of the authors, according to some Chinese expert. I think he was called Som Ting Wong. Only some?… Have you seen how many people there are in China? London Book Week featured only some of the UK authors – I wasn’t featured. I didn’t go and kick in a window.
On a none-tatting related note: I've also been on a summer vacation. Mostly visiting relatives - my son has 6 great grand parents and 4 grandparents that we needed to visit, but we also found time to a trip to Legoland. The best pics from the trip has got to be the view from where we were staying, and a wonderful sign from Legoland. If you do not know the context of the sign, it looks more than just a little weird:
They’re calling for more snow and I told Elizabeth I couldn’t shovel any more. She said it was just a little snow. Inside I raged like a madman, outwardly I smiled and left for Home Depot.
Daniel 1:3-4
Wellness
-Have long lasting household target in Great britain.
Another thing I love?
That's it, those are the basics. This kit here from Blissful Booty can give you a great start. It includes 4 AIO (All In One) diapers, 1 zippered hanging wetbag, 10 pack of two sided wipes, wipe water concentrate and spray bottle, and a pail liner.
Little do they know I forgive them for they know not what they do.
our hearts like dandelion clocks waiting to learn the lesson
"She's going to New York."
Several even MORE days later....
Wishing everyone a wonderful week ahead. Thanks so much for stopping by!!
BLITZER: Mr. Speaker, you’ve heard the criticism lately that you weren’t necessarily as close to the president as you suggest?
When a murder shakes the small town of Peninsula, all eyes are on Olivia Townsend. She may look eighteen, but the townspeople can sense there’s something darker hiding behind her pretty eyes. Olivia knows the smart thing to do is to get out of town. Suspicious neighbors can only mean trouble for a vampire. But leaving becomes much more difficult when William, a mysterious man from her past, arrives. Finding out what brought him back is a temptation Olivia just can’t resist. William’s kindness and interest in Olivia only makes leaving harder. As she starts to fall for him, she’s forced to decide if sticking around is really worth the risk of being discovered. Of course, her mystery man has a secret of his own-and he’s not talking.
...as if the pictures had a memory of their own and remembered us, remembered the roles that we, the survivors, and those no longer among us had played in our former lives.
Every day, a woman named Mrs. Carrigan drives over to the cat refuge in her new green Buick and parks in front of the building. She opens the door to step out. First, all a person can see is her puffed out silver hair that stands taller than my hand. Dear God I thought the 80′s were over, but they live on in Mrs. Carrigan. She walks to the back of the car and opens the trunk. From there she pulls out bags upon bags of food, treats and other cat friendly things.
Artist Unknown
. . . who are awesome and amazing people. Go follow them, if you don't already.
12 - Noise Distraction
The underlying belief system is that black women should not feel, do not hurt, do not cry, and that they are supposed to just stand or sit and take and put up with abuse, assault, theft, rape, threats, harassment, anything anyone throws at them, with their hands tied and do and say nothing about it because, even less than an animal at the SPCA would be treated … how they feel, what they think, what they do to protect themselves doesn’t make a hill of beans difference in a country where laws were not meant to “protect” black people, only to persecute them.
I was overcome. My walls fell down. My masks and coverings came off. My problems, my obsessions, my fears, my self-focus; all began to melt as I sank into the loving reign of God.
the same humming love
Some of the important treks are:
Am I bi? No.
About two weeks after that, I drank a Stella Artois and a Kirin, side-by-side. The results were very much the same as above. Of these 4 beers, the Japanese lagers were far better overall, though I would not necessarily choose any of them as a "favorite". To the contrary, none of them had anything in particular that was appealing at all. I kept waiting for them to get interesting, but it never happened. Even when warm, no flavors or aromas stood out.
He talked about the untenable debt that’s limiting options for today’s college-goers — $25,000 on average — because tuition and fees have more than doubled since they were born.
Chaifetz disagrees, and has started a Facebook page and launched a petition at Change.org calling for the teacher’s dismissal. He’s already gathered nearly 18,500 signatures. “No one who treats children like that, who calls them vicious names, who humiliates them, who batters them verbally, deserves to be a teacher,” Chaifetz says in the video.
If you happen to follow along on Instagram, you might have noticed that over the last several weeks, I've been making a kajillion horse cookies. They're Kentucky Derby horses, and they're for a charity event.
ROMNEY: Well, you’ve just heard the last two speakers also indicate that they support the concept of self-deportation. It’s very simply this, which is for those who come into the country legally, they would be given an identification card that points out they’re able to work here and then you have an E-verify system that’s effective and efficient so that employers can determine who is legally here and if employers hire someone without a card, or without checking to see if it’s been counterfeited, then those employers would be severely sanctioned.
And it’s gotten really cold. I opened the door to let Slushball, the puppy, out. He gave a shudder, turned back to the kitchen where he squatted and did his business.
It can’t happen too soon, and developing the technologies and economic model needed to wean ourselves off oil, and the perpetual growth superstition it has fostered, is the very best way to deal with the instability of a Middle East that should have nothing to do with us. In the meantime, we will go back to ignoring Gaza and concentrate on the things that matter to our people.
I gathered me also silver and gold, and the peculiar treasure of kings and of the provinces: I gat me men singers and women singers, and the delights of the sons of men, as musical instruments, and that of all sorts. So I was great, and increased more than all that were before me in Jerusalem: also my wisdom remained with me. And whatsoever mine eyes desired I kept not from them, I withheld not my heart from any joy; for my heart rejoiced in all my labour: and this was my portion of all my labour. Then I looked on all the works that my hands had wrought, and on the labour that I had laboured to do: and, behold, all was vanity and vexation of spirit, and there was no profit under the sun.
I decided to put my blueberries to use in a glaze for a roast chicken. I would temper the sweetness with balsamic vinear (ever since the Pioneer Woman show debuted, I have this uncontrollable urge to say bal-SAM-ic) and add some rosemary then finish it off with butter and see what would happen.
Caitlin Donohue
Here all grog was cheap and premium lager did not appear part of the consumer mindset. In the hypermarket I stocked up on Stella but got a few boxes of 33 export that the French guy recommended and a couple of boxes of the cheap own brand 5% lout at half the price of the already cheap Stella. After the successful raid on the French we returned to Blighty to discover that as gorgeous as the Stella was, the other cheap louts were just as nice. Before long British supermarkets had cottoned on to the pulling power of cheap lout and the philosophy of cooking lager enthusiasm was born. It was possible to neck as much delicious and refreshing lout as you could drink and pay only buttons for the privilege. A lifelong hobby, love and interest was born that engages the heart of millions of Brits. There in the Hypermarkets of France was born the hobby that stands at the pinnacle of beer enthusiasm, not a desire to seek out nasty undrinkable high IBU beer, but a desire to buy lots and lots of cheap lout for next to nothing and neck the lot.
I usually start with a glass of the most suspicious entry. Last night this was a Grapefruit Ale from Chiba's Harvest Moon. Nothing to sing about here. The tasting notes point out that it is "easy to drink," code for "beer for people who don't like beer." Let's move along.
There’s no way around it, this thick book is intimidating… until you open it up and actually begin the study. Once you start using the study guide/workbook the weeks fly by! Each week is broken down into four very manageable lessons. The weeks are titled in alphabetical order Assurance, Baptism, Church, Evangelism, etc., and each is accompanied by a corresponding scripture verse the reader is encouraged to memorize. There are also memorization tips from the author in back of the book. I am NOT a fan of memory work, but the order and alphabetical reference words of the verses, along with the application of the suggested methods have helped me more than any other I’ve attempted. Everyone in our study group was able to learn…and enjoy learning… Biblical truths(from directions, commands, and expectations of God that Jesus expresses to us, to the love and support that is lavished on us today through the Holy Spirit)no matter if it was their first time to study the Bible or if they been in many previous studies. We were all saddened to reach the 26th week that marked the end of our journey together through the basics of Christianity. A great study!
fingers crossed, one rude commenter.
The next day, determined to right the ship, I picked another recipe to try. That recipe was this coffee-cocoa snack cake, and it was a total winner. It's a super simple, no-fuss dessert - a moist, fluffy chocolate cake finished with a simple dusting of powdered sugar. What it lacks in elegance, it more than makes up for in taste. You don't even need a mixer to throw it together - one bowl and a wooden spoon and you're good to go. Don't be afraid if you don't like coffee (I don't!) - despite the fact that the word coffee is in the title and that there's quite a bit of it in the cake, it's not a prominent flavor. It really just boosts the chocolatey-ness (probably not a word, but let's go with it) of the cake. You could always throw a little frosting on top of the cake if you wanted to dress it up, but I really don't think it needs it.
It’s a freaking optical Illusion!
When 120 degrees is reached (usually after 2 or 3 hours), add the nonfat plain yogurt. This is the starter. At this point I usually, turn the crockpot on low, with the lid off, while I stir the starter in very well. Only leave it on for a couple of minutes, as you don't want to raise the temperature too much. Turn off and unplug the crock-pot. Put the lid on tightly. Wrap the entire crock-pot warmly in towels or blankets. I use two, thick, beach towels. Leave it wrapped up for about 12 hours or overnight.
“There will be no (price) hikes,” Mantega told reporters as he arrived at the ministry’s offices in Brasília.
There are simple ways to keep your household budget balanced. Practical Money Skills offers these tips to help you.
“It’s all there. My brother Andrew, you know the one that’s good with money, double counted it.” Adrien said, sweaty and nervous.
Finally, most of the bee keepers on the Yucatan are old men living in rural areas where no one inherits their knowledge of the fine points of meliponiculture, specifically, how to propagate bees by dividing nests. Earlier this year, Rogel Villanueva-Gutierrez, first author of the paper, with Stephen Buchmann, Arthur James Donovan and Roubik published an amply illustrated handbook, in Spanish and Mayan, with step by step instructions for basic stingless beekeeping.
Where did you ever get that odd idea? Didn’t you read his books? Don’t you read the newspapers?
some great homeschool discussions with the girls & connections they are making
The real novelty about Cymbal is…that his name was no drumbeat invention to go with the bass man. He was born John Blair in Scotland, but his stepfather was a Polish guy named Cymbal. The family moved to Canada where Johnny enthusiastically pursued his dream of being a teen idol. His dream began coming true. At the time, managers and disc jockeys could "discover" talent, and open doors to record labels. Only 15, he was signed to MGM. Though his singles, including teenager in love ballad "Always Always" didn't do much, a side released by Vee-Jay ("Bachelor Man") got some airplay, and he was picked up by Kapp, and bankrolled with studio time and veteran producer Alan Lorber. "Mr. Bass Man" was a hit. His next single, about a girl who wants to get married (with a bass man offering the first four notes of the wedding march, "Dum Dum De Dum") was not.
Okay.. I just have to share this because it is so funny to me. Molly's very favorite thing is to take the lids off soda bottles. She has it down to a science and can do it so fast its ridiculous. lol She not only HAS to get the lid off..but then the plastic ring that is left on the bottle comes next. She HAS to get them BOTH off. It's her mission. She has done this for years and years...but you can tell she's getting older because she used to get them both off and then play with the bottle for a long time.. tossing it, crunching it, on and on. But as she's gotten older, now.. she just gets the lid and the ring off and could care less about the bottle. She's like "I'm so over that". lol Well, the other night after our walk, Dan must have been saving her a couple. ( Actually 3..there was one past the doorway).
The hardest thing for me to grasp was the fact that one minute I was preparing my children for school, and the next I'm being whipped off to A&E in an ambulance with only the clothes I'm standing up in.
This competition will be open internationally and anyone can enter - you don't need to follow my blog (though naturally I would greatly appreciate it!)
So here's to my own personal marathon: a dream to pour my heart out on paper...er..screen.. in the hopes that it helps and inspires someone else to tackle their own elephant. And more importantly, to give glory to the amazing God I serve. For today, I have taken one of the hardest steps...that of getting started, of pushing forward in spite all of the unanswered questions. It's a leap of faith in elephant eating and dragon slaying! Thanks for stopping in to share the journey along the way.
18.DAG NASTY "All Ages Show (rare)"
#8. Jeremy Wariner – Shades, so he can see what the others don’t.
”What I have found is that when I vulnerably share with my children about a fear I had or how I dealt with a bully in the 4th grade, there is much more openness on their part to learn what God taught me through that challenge.”
What is a Spiritual Discipline?
Ay yay ay yay ay yay yay!!!
In the end, I hope no-one would imagine for a second I am condoning any evil acts if, in my mind, I place on the scales of life, a cup of tea and a little time out from life, and hope that it would count for something.
Ok, now I can actually discuss this card. First off, the scan simply doesn't do it justice, but it's just too foil-y and reflective to be as photogenic as it should be. In-person, it's a pleasant gold-ish kind of color, Wonka ticket-style. Upper deck did a nice job with the theme of the design, making it look quite a bit like a ticket. According to the back, "Still only 24 and excelling in each phase of the game, barring injury, Chipper seems destined to be one of the game's best." Very prophetic--injuries sapped quite a bit of the second half of his career, but he'll definitely be remembered as one of the greats as a first-ballot Hall-of-Famer.
Cholesterol 25.0 mg
“I was a little tired from yesterday’s hunt. That bear was quite a handful, you know. But enough about me. What’s going on with the Platinum Sword of Dragonsbane?”
It's a work in process...
The rooms were more like prison cells; just enough space for a single bed, a desk and dresser... and nothing more. Unlike normal bedroom situations, the beds on campus were often used just for hanging out and chatting – there wasn’t anywhere else – so I joined him on the bed, still with no sexual inclinations.
It has been a while since I've been thinking about this : a litchi mousse.
invoking your attendance
For God is the King of all the earth, make music o enlightened one.
Everybody got your own
On days the sun streaming through the big window over the tub wasn't enough, I resorted to augmenting the light with an old lamp.
We also headed over to Treasure Island where the beautiful Bliss Dance, which was first displayed at Burning Man 2010, now has a permanent (or at least semi-permanent) home. I couldn't imagine a more fitting spot for her to end up.
To honor the Emerson experiences and sentiments that had long been ignored, the Y.M.C.A. here commissioned a filmmaker, Susan Hope Engel, to produce a documentary: “Unforgettable: Memories of the Emerson Street Branch Y.M.C.A.”
A wonderful day, a hopeful day, an amazing day, but it’s only thru MY eyes that it appeared that way. I want it to be universal.
Within days, another South African company jumped on the bandwagon, brining full-force wit and satire with them. Nando’s, a popular fast food chain serving chicken, aired Nando’s Options, a :45 TV response to the insurance spot, produced by Black River FC. The set is the same- The Nando’s commericial opens on a man, standing in front of a bar, as he nonchlanetly talks, and the waiter is busy behind him. Except this time, it’s the plates of food the waiter keeps delivering to the bar that change. The man smugly asks, “Tell me, did you notice the meal beside me changed three times during this ad… Three.” The Nando’s logo and URL close the spot.
Resource: Tehran Times
Justin Gray and Jimmy Palmiotti, story - Luke Ross, art - Phil Noto, cover
Thirdly, organising the top of your library. Scry and top-deck manipulation are a given, starting with Ponder and Telling time, but also Dimir machinations. Cream of the crop does everything we want. Cryptic annelid is also cute. This one is so obvious that I’ll leave you find other cards yourselves.
I am not surprised to know that hidden beneath this culture of Machismo, pride and male virility; Filipinos are subconciously matriarchal.
Sometimes one has to let go even after knowing that the person means well. Relationships blossom only when there is a flow in them, like a river. When you try to lead someone’s life for him/her then it begins to wither. We all try to control the other person all the time but the moment someone does it to us we rebel.
I remember Architect Lydia’s Lawrence telling me about not knowing how to thwart a guest’s unwanted advances during his first night as an MD. Lawrence said his gay guest suddenly grabbed his, Lawrence’s, thingee when the lights went off for a few seconds. Lawrence said he wanted to cry and didn’t know what to do.
My Man
That old woman. She is sometimes frightening, sometimes kind, always ancient, always cunning, and she always dwells deep in the woods where children become lost.
01. 4th Dimensional Transition
My entire life I’ve had very vivid dreams, but during this period I began not only talking in my sleep but sleepwalking as well. Over and over and over again. I had terrifying dreams almost every night for several years and, when I was awake, I was a nervous kid. My mom worked nights at a local hospital and, often, when she wasn’t home I would lie awake at night and worry. The few times my parents went somewhere and left my brother and me with a babysitter I was convinced something terrible would happen to them.
Who can forget the yuck-fest tale of Thor’s brother Loki’s eternal punishment? Trickster Loki was cursed to lie in a cave, bound to a rock by the entrails of his sons, with a snake fastened to a stalactite above him, dripping painful venom onto his face. You know, for all time.
1 'n
The Rabbis taught: "On coming from a privy (outdoor toilet) a man should not have sexual intercourse till he has waited long enough to walk half a mile, because the dæmon of the privy is with him for that time; if he does, his children will be epileptic."
What is your favorite summer outdoor activity?
6. Take My Hand, Paree - Judy Garland
Published by Covenant, The Stone Traveler will satisfy adults and youth alike, making it a wonderful family book to be shared and discussed together.
I’ve been and spoken to the PCC and there were no objections, so I’m pleased to say we can start working on the garden in earnest now. I’ll be there at the following times:
January 1972 it was recorded. I'd just started working as a wages clerk in a local builders. I just knew that one day I'd be sat where Larry Willis was.
“Varun Bhai, how are you? I had been busy and hardly get time to meet anyone. You know how tough our duties are?” Sameer said shaking hands with the young man.
Brush detangling can be the most damaging to the hair strand if not used correctly. If possible, avoid using brushes altogether. It may be required, for instance, while preparing to flat iron your hair, add rollers or flexi rods, or if you want to get that slick down look. In such cases, be very careful. If there is a need for a brush, it is suggested that one with plastic bristles be used for detangling. This is what is referred to as a modified denim brush, a plastic-bristle brush where every other row is removed to make the spaces wider or use a soft bristle brush for slicking down those edges.
Before we even move on to the would-be theocrats, I think we can at this point that we aren't likely to find that there's a group we can identify as an enemy of the U.S. that alleged traitors could be giving aid or supporting in an attempt to overthrow our government through anti-secularism. I don't think the question at hand is about folks that are collaboratoring with al-Qaeda or the Taliban or some other group of religious fundamentalists. If our anti-secularists had those ties, this would be a pretty quick discussion.
Yet what did Israelites, starting from around 200 AD or earlier, do? Far from proclaiming Yahveh's mighty name worldwide, they stopped using it altogether! The Devil must have had his best laugh ever when that happened! And modern Jews go one better and render even the Germanic word "god" as "G-d". I can't see Yahveh being pleased with that! No wonder he let the Romans boot the Israelites out of Israel
boots: Target
Theta Brainwave State (4-7 Hz)
Eeee! I love it!
At such times, words cannot do justice to the experiences of the past three and a half months.
I pray you learn about humility.
So Bright, So Strong (Radio Edit)
I venture into pride when I…
“You-”
Recite or read your favorite poems by your favorite poets!
Blogbooker does the pdf conversion of your blog for free.
Using this method we can build the sequence of intervals for the number 1, it looks something like: 7,8,30,3,10,7,5,2.
Part of the not-having-anything-to-post is that I have a good project or two I could share, but I want to submit them, so I don't want to post them. Of course, I evidently can't be bothered to type up a supply list and a submission email, because I'm sitting here typing this blog post instead of doing the more productive thing and composing an email.
"It used to be a sub-category of aggravated robbery. It was smallscale when it started out. But as this type crime grew it began to attract the attention of the police, and the need to record it as a separate crime type became a necessity," said Burger.
The story is changed a bit, but that's understandable. Remakes that are reworked a bit plotwise make more sense than 100% retelling the same story, as long as they are faithful to the original. Otherwise you just have a film that seems to say "I can do this better." And while new Clash was faithful at times, other times I felt those turds dropping.
Watch my credit report online
Arm’d regiments arrive every day, pass through the city, and embark
I have no problem with this. I personally don’t see the need for a particular place to worship as I find God to be everywhere equally, but I understand how some need a church, synagogue, temple or outdoor “worship center” and prefer a particular place to practice their spirituality.
I’m unrestricted with desire you set my heart on fire
The general creative pattern for each of the 4 weeks in question was:
Always ready to take on anything, you never shirk your duties. When dependability is required, you’re the ideal candidate. As a mate, this bodes well for your partnership and is a great model for any children you may raise.
The stomps that reminded me that it was no longer all about me.......
The S&P 500 index is now down to important support levels supported first by the simple 200 day moving average and second by the March 2011 lows (blue line). The long term moving average is not by itself not really significant nor magical. But it is psychologically important since it is foremost in traders’ minds. Losing the support of the long term trend makes many fearful of further losses and usually results in a self-fulfilling prophecy.
1 ounce of “who’d i give my number out to”
Coincidentally, de Botton’s views sound like an echo of another voice here in the States — retired Episcopal bishop John Shelby Spong, a man whose views place him squarely outside Christian orthodoxy. Spong took to the airwaves last month to promote his new book, in which he argues that Scripture was never meant to be read literally. Letting go of rigid doctrines like the Virgin Birth and Divinity of Christ, he says, are necessary if Christians hope to “stop the exodus of people from religion.”
All functioning societies require the actors in it to buy into the social contract. To step back from the brink in times of friction for the sake of the whole. It's a kind of rational thing to do.
The pistol in Ian’s hand bucks as he empties the magazine into the head of closest target. Mechanically, he drops the empty and draws a full mag from his jacket and slams it home. He continues, putting two rounds through each target’s torso, and one in the head, until a hand on his shoulder breaks his concentration.
So the other day I was walking down an alley and scored!
And thus began for me a years-long stretch of what-ifs and how-can-we-avoids. Books like Reviving Ophelia and Odd Girl Out both hurt and helped my state of mind: they vehemently, painstakingly confirmed that I had Something to Fear while at the same time offering a glimmer of hope that school was at least part of the problem. Aha! I didn't have any real hope that I'd be able to avoid an adversarial relationship with my future teen girls, but school—and in particular the red flag danger zone of middle school—we could do something about. Our tentative homeschooling plan was born.
I go to ‘my’ coffee place at least once a weekend. I have my own espresso machine at home, but still, it’s more fun to have a pro-barista make you one! I simply never manage to make the cute, little shapes in the milk. I love my milk with a dash of coffee and I do believe the milk-art adds to the overall coffee-experience. Do you know the song ‘I don’t like the drugs (but the drugs like me)’ by Marilyn Manson? That’s kinda how I feel about coffee… I need the caffeine, I don’t like the taste of coffee though.
14Then the Levites are to say in a loud voice to all the men of Israel,
FWIW - forgot where I was
Press Release from the Justice Department: Attorney General Eric Holder today announced sweeping reforms intended to improve public safety on tribal land. The new directive is part of a larger Justice Department initiative to create better communication and coordination to fight crime and promote justice in Indian Country.
I love old school Dodgers autographs. 2011 Lineage, Bobby Morgan. More on-card sweetness. Morgan played for the Dodgers in 1950 and 1952-53, and thus in the '52 and '53 World Series.
My metaphyscal friend, who is all about setting intentions containing the word "effortless" as in "good things flow to me effortlessly", said that maybe I have some inner work to do to truly believe that things should be easier - that I likely have deep-seated beliefs in the fact that money comes through hard work ...
Macdonald’s conservatism was undoubtedly of the 19th century British variety. He was a pragmatist. After confederation, it was unclear whether Ottawa could keep its tenuous hold of the Northwest, and BC was considering joining the US. Macdonald decided state intervention was necessary to build the railway and solidify Canada’s sovereignty from coast to coast. This does not mean he believed in economic interventionism as a principle. If there was a principle to which he rigidly stuck, it was that dogmatism should be avoided.
Making the decision to move to a bigger building was a quick, yet very prayerful decision. It’s been something we’ve been praying about for a few months now, but we’ve only seriously considered it and moved forward with it since Tuesday of last week. Even since we made the decision to go for it and announce it at yesterday’s service, I must admit, I doubted a bit. I thought maybe we were jumping the gun. Maybe we should stick it out a little more and see how long we could make our current setting work.
After that the centre became a big Bloodbowl match, goblins going down easily, but dwarves falling here and there and hurting a lot more. For reinforcements I only rolled 2s and 3s, so there were between 4 and 6 new spearmen every turn!
Vyst moved, in his underground chamber, for the first time since a hundred years.
RECIPES: (for 4-5)
On almost a whim, the committee members’ names had been removed from the spreadsheet. Although each could see all of the ratings given for each candidate, no committee member knew who had given which ratings.
Started the huge job of closing in underneath the deck...
I don't have any new Georgie pics to show. He's been a good boy though. He finally learned how to lie down on command. It took me months but he finally got it. I wish I'd had my camera a couple of days ago. We went to the dog park and he got all excited by a giant poodle or labradoodle and they went romping down to the swampy end of the park and just writhed around in that stinky mud. The other owner and I were shouting at our animals who were of course ignoring us. He was so gross I didn't even want to let him in the car to come home. After his bath, he smelled good again. If you've made it this far, I apologize for wasting your time. Sometimes, life is kinda dull, what can I say?
Oh, that was a normal fan letter. But, they're so, so sweet to take the trouble. Because, when you retire, obviously your royalties will go down gradually. I've been retired over twenty years now; about 1988 was the last time I wrote fiction and 1989 I finished with my only non-fictional book, which was about frigates – which taught me to be more modest about... Well, I realised how little I knew when I started writing it! However, since then, obviously the royalties go down and down and down gradually until they buy the claret, and then the claret becomes not so good, and then it's Cru Bourgeois, and now it's Chilean.
Anyone have any cute kid stories to share? Moments of laughter? How about humiliation? Today is share day, so speak up!
“She’s the last of her kind right now; practising all of the traditional ceremonies, she’s still pure having never drank, done drugs or smoked. She’s had such a powerful impact on me and my music. She’s a pillar of strength for myself and our community as a whole. My faith comes from her. I’ve never had any doubt and it’s thanks to her,” he asserts.
I know! You don’t have to tell me. I lived in Fort Collins for four years, where home-grown anti-corporate coffee shops exist on every corner, including the famed 24-hour café The Alley Cat, where I spent many a-night studying hard… or ruminating on the philosophical episodes of arm-chair revolutionaries who think more than act.
But I'm never frustrated for long because my kids are spilling over with something awesome: a love of the family meal and the feeling that the kitchen is the coolest place to be in the house.
“What has always enchanted us is that very beautiful landscape. Landscape is more than just a district. It speaks its own language, and envelopes us with a spirit of its own. Those slate mountains are permeated with fossils and treasures in the ground from millions of years of the earth’s history. Also the ways and means by which people have wrung their living space out of this landscape clearly produced a special relationship to it.” — Edgar Reitz, 6/28/2004
all together
The Crucible (Arthur Miller)
Tower of Protest featured the 1960s version of crap political art, which is supposed to be better because that was the origin of White American Youth war art. And it was the 60s and lots of artists think that the 60s were automatically better. But it probably was really really bad. But Artforum liked it. And they like Peace Tower, because Artforum likes empty gestures as much as the rest of America. The only difference between a yellow "Support Our Troops" ribbon and a metal scaffold of peace is which side you think you’re on.
Lis thinks she’s being paranoid – after all, who would want to murder her?
:: Inventing - constant inventing, making, designing. Our 'invention' box is full to the brim with egg boxes, cardboard tubes, tin foil and weird odds and ends and bolts and string. And what the mini-man can make with them is nobody's business. Telescopes, guns, computers - things that don't have a name, haven't been invented yet or perhaps are waiting a use... if it can be cut, stuck together with duct tape or hammered into position, they make it.
I work solely with English-speaking clients--true except when the clients want to verbally abuse me and speak in French.
Story this post:
Do you know what makes the prison disappear? Every deep, genuine affection. Being friends, being brothers, loving, that is what opens the prison, with supreme power, by some magic force. Without these one stays dead. But whenever affection is revived, there life revives. Moreover, the prison is sometimes called prejudice, misunderstanding, fatal ignorance of one thing or another, suspicion, false modesty".
Jean Bookman, Karen Burke, Marcia Chaffee, Sheryl Denbo, Ann Rosebrooks, Shanna Wheelock
Okay, they’re all good now. I thought I’d lost the appy, (eg, appaloosa) but it turns out he’d already ducked under the wire gate and was back in.
By Matthew Haggart
Second , the good thing about receiving a rock as a present is that you can throw it at any one that tries to give you a cow sweater!
REAL ALE BREWING Special TBA Beer
In third place in the world, Westwood could well be the best player Without A Major. He finished in the top three six times since 2008, and has had much time to think about what they need to overcome the hump.
The point of all of this - is the stress blanket isn't so much about the blanket itself or the yarn or anything like that. It is just about using knitting for exactly what it has often been for many a meditative, stress-relieving, sort of escape. Knitting (or any kind of crafting for that matter) can be so darn good that way.
I often come across the view that our language is being destroyed, and that modern technology and mass media are dumbing people down. Personally I think language is more creative, interesting and humorous than it’s ever been. So whilst we need to make sure we hold onto the quality and heritage of our language we should also embrace the change and use it to our advantage.
Today we make our Caramel Corn just like Great Grandpa did- in old-fashioned copper kettles, one batch at a time. Then we mix it up the Chicago way, with our rich, creamy, Aged Cheddar Cheese Corn to create the perfect combination of Sweet and Salty. You don’t even have to come to Chicago to try this special treat. From our kitchen to yours, enjoy!
Fundraisers, Easter egg hunts, some unique portrait subjects, the conclusion of a photo story on the Brookfield Zoo interns and of course, prep sports. Above are some of my favorite moments from the Month of April.
Contact: Margaret Akar
Wouldn't you like to know precisely what sets the ultra-successful apart from the average? Wouldn't you like to STOP wondering why other people have the things you want - and START getting those things for yourself?
For he on honey-dew hath fed,
As for the conservatives and their new Bible, talk radio, all I can say is that while I disagree with the vitriol and some of the short-sighted “all big media is evil” speak, they at least should be applauded for coming out up front and admitting their political leanings and objectives. I find the Sean Hannitys and Bill O’Reillys of the world to be unlistenable, but you can’t say they’re misleading the listener by acting as if they’re objective, and I respect that a lot more than Maureen Dowd or Peter Jennings trying to convince me that they have any inkling of objectivity. However, that doesn't mean that Rush Limbaugh et al should be your information source, because it's just as short-sighted and ludicrous when someone starts with "Rush was talking about..."
There are others of us who come to church and worship with no formal background, yet, we find ourselves shaped by suspicion of any and all authority structures (e.g. “traditionalism”). Our tradition is “skepticism”, and the burden of proof lies on everyone else to convince us that what is being said, taught, instructed or done is really “true” and the way it should be, and that I should do anything about it.
Rosenbaum told Dwek that he had been in the business of buying and selling organs for ten years and could help his secretary.
So we are out visiting my family yesterday. Some paperwork for my mother, a little Sunday dinner...you know the drill. I'm in the dining room doing her taxes while the rest of the family is in the living room chatting about whatever. I'm doing my best to block it all out and finish up so we can have dinner.
Recent troll sightings over at Zen Gardner’s blog provide an interesting case study for what I call the Phantom Con-Troll Booth* theory, which posits that trolling is a strategy of damage control that is applied in proportion to the degree of authenticity of the content being trolled. In the practice, this means follow the trolls to where they feed, find what it is they want you NOT to believe, and take it from there.
Feel good, storms can take out the debris out of your life and leave you with valuable ones!
I’m going to assume the law enforcement fellow who wrote to this site was well-meaning. He thinks he is giving us a wonderful gift: A little more ice-cold terror where our kids are concerned.
They were a lot easier to make than I though they'd be—just add water and oil, knead, roll out, cut and bake:
Father, I ask for the grace and favour to keep all Your commandment and walk in obedience to Your Word throughout my life time, to Your Glory in Christ Jesus! Amen!
100g (3.5 oz) tomato paste
On about the fourth day of Basic, we took our first physical fitness test. In the Army, a PT test consists of two minutes of push-ups (do as many as you can), two minutes of sit-ups (do as many as you can without shaking, groaning solicitously, or vomiting on your partner), and a two-mile timed run. For each event, you get a scaled score with a maximum of score of 100. For example, at my age then, I needed to do 87 push-ups, 92 sit-ups, and a 12:18 run to max my score. Now, for the first test they really just want to establish a baseline, so they make you do the two minutes for the push-ups and sit-ups, but only make you do a one mile run.
Jurors heard recordings of those conversations this afternoon. In a June 9th 2010 conversation, Steele is heard agreeing to give Fairfax a $400 advance to pay for his trip to Oregon City, where Cyndi Steele was visiting her mother. However, Edgar Steele continues to contest the authenticity of the recordings, and one person posting a comment to this story maintains that audio experts identified 351 edits on these manufactured tapes. Unfortunately, the judge earlier ruled the two experts could not testify. Fairfax's testimony will continue on Thursday April 28th.
Who are your main musical influences?
“That is why CEQ issued draft guidance in February 2010, that addresses the need for monitoring the use of categorical exclusions to ensure that they are being applied in a way that meets their intent.”
This gave me a clean picture of the texture of the model and easily defined the bright areas. But it was too clean!! I mean, this thing should be dirty. And not just “mud dirty”. It´s skin should look old, even though we use quite bright colors due to the small size of the minis.
He doesn’t think that just because someone can shoot lasers from their eyes, teleport, control storms, or have shiny metal claws popping out of their hands, that they are any different from anyone else. He sees their powers simply as their special gifts and abilities: gifts that can serve the rest of humanity. Like any teacher, it is Xavier’s hope to shape the X-Men into becoming the future leaders of tomorrow. This means they have to learn how to use their powers for good, which entails sometimes using them to defend normal humans from the evil mutants.
Created as a nod to social media and a customer preference to be asked whether they want a bag for thier to-go burrito or not, Chipotle restaurant designed an engaging typographic masterpiece that engages the customer in the brand, the ingredients and the green mission of the company.
Emma started to crawl and babble. Harley was great with it, Abbey not so much. I think Emma becoming mobile and sounding like she was talking made Abbey see her as a kid, a threat, something dangerous. Abbey's behavior at home started to change. She started avoiding the area of the house where Emma was playing and she no longer seemed very happy. We needed help.
I did a lot of law work with deprived monorities of one kind or another, this included a few articles in the altenative press at the time.
For those without confirmed direction there will be a chance to understand the potential within your soul, allowing self to be where it has contracted to be.
Anyways, Tiramisu Cupcakes.
Now most of us were anywhere from fifteen to twenty at the time, and Freddie was much older. Freddie could have easily passed for Jesus or Tommy Chong from “Cheech and Chong”. With long wavey black hair, a beard and little round glasses. It was hard to imagine what Freddie really looked like too.
I've got the itch for heavier beers right now, and I love this time of year coming up with many seasonal releases and special beers that come out in the fall and winter months. I was lucky enough to get a bottle of this from one of my regular trading people as a huge extra. This was a beer I've wanted to try, but I was pretty sure I was not going to be able to get a bottle of this. I've reviewed several offerings from Tyranena, and they are a really good regional brewer, and as far as I know I think they are only available in Wisconsin.
I was a little disappointed that, having tied up all the loose ends, Woodhouse introduces another one in the very final paragraph. Clearly the intention is to make us want to read the next book - but there really is no need. If the next book is anything like the first two, we’ll want to read it.
Scripture can save
TIP: Be in close contact with your IT person as much as possible. They often seem like mysterious people that come in, fix a problem, and disappear. If you are as lucky as I am, there is one in your school all of the time. What I have begun to realize over the course of this year, is that they want the technology to work just as much as you do – because when it doesn’t work, you get frustrated and are less apt to use it again – defeating the purpose of having the technology in the first place. A little patience goes a long way – and they want you to be happy with your technology just as much as you want to be happy with your technology. That’s their job. Be nice to your tech people! Appreciate what they do behind the scenes every day!
After being reassured by the Board of Education that the bill wouldn’t affect what’s currently being taught in the classroom, he said he’d likely sign it into law. The problem, as I mentioned in my last post about this, is that it’s completely unnecessary. What possible motivation do you have to pass a bill that would protect something that should be done in science classrooms anyway? The bill’s sponsor, Rep. Bo Watson (R-Hixon) said this:
Sadly, they weren’t very far-sighted. When a new Mayor replaced the former crooked one, he saw the names of those registered ‘blind’ and realised he knew most of them….but had never noticed their sight problems – on account of them not having any.
His resume said he was a “self-starter.”
The idea behind this is that by making the brain into a puzzle its a direct reference as to people might not understand it and it takes a while to piece it together, similiar to in the film conversations are always held and bits pieced together to work out emotions etc.
The rodent was especially fine this morning, crispy on the outside and bloody on the inside, just the way he liked it. Over a flagon of warm mead he made a note of the morning thus far, linking it to a particular instance in the Stickfordshire journal and reflecting on the importance of keeping your staff both on their toes and slightly off balance. Then he pondered what to do with his day. As it was Tuesday, and as the weather was fine, he decided to go hunting. It was tradition for a nobleman to bring a few servants with them on hunting expeditions, to carry game, but Lord Fuckington had a tendency to get bored if no sport was forthcoming and instead sent his servants out with a 5 minute head start. Frankly, he was running out of peasants. Finishing his mead he called for his Steward to ready his horse before returning to his sleeping chamber and dressing for the hunt.
The kids decided they wanted to conduct a fundraiser for Trayvon’s family by hosting a dress down day. The school had done many fundraisers like this before. So Brooke went through the chain-of-command (for lack of a better term) to get approval for this fundraiser. She was told no.
The next step is to group related actions. There should be a balance between how many steps are in the wizard and the size of form in each step. The maximum steps I have seen on most sites is around 7 and this is already a lot. Having many steps can become confusing for users especially if they need to move back and forth between steps. So the best practice is to stick with around 5 steps. In order example we can probably group actions as follows:
I used to think that people made their own luck. I now know that is false. We have not done anything that merits the outpouring of support and help we have received. I just hope that we recognize opportunities in the future when we can “pay it forward” and somehow live up to the high standards we now recognize in our community.
So, like, Mother’s Day is coming up this weekend and I have no idea what to buy the mommas in my life. I’ve gotten them the usual gifts in the past but guess what, flowers die and chocolate gets you fat. Ok, flowers are also beautiful and chocolate tastes oh so delicious so I guess those aren’t terrible gifts…but let’s try some new ideas this year, shall we?! Together, we can make Mom proud!
Invasion starts off with Colt taking part in a series of tests for secret organization. The book quickly jumped to Colt living a normal life until his parents are killed in a car crash. This car crash leaves him to leave his home in California and lived with his grandfather in Arizona. Colt doesn't believe that his parents were killed naturally but instead believes that there could be some type of cover-up going on. As Colt tries to uncover the mystery behind his parents death cult discovers that the world is much larger than he believes and uncovers a secret government organization and a corporate conspiracy.
Finally, I colored his body with a bunch of browns and N7 and W9 to darken the deepest shadows. Real turkeys have beautiful, patterned feathers, heavy in blacks/dark browns, so I wanted to keep that feeling of dark, dark feathers.
4 tbsp butter, plus extra to grease tin
-O...Oeps... Gustave...squeaked Miss Moussie..you startled me..I didn't hear you coming..what are you doing in the forest today...picking herbs for your soup...
And to cut to it, the evening didn’t unfold the way I’d hoped. While the table was populated by all kinds of food people, it was half serious industry and half Food Bloggers, with me somewhere in the middle. Now, while I write about food sometimes, I’ve never really accepted the Food Blogger moniker, and until last night, I didn’t really understand why.
Yesterday was my sobriety date. Only problem is, I forgot.
Using the web site you can select views at points along the trail to see photos of the trailhead, waterfall views, and various points of interest along the way. A wonderful planning tool for local hikers and visitors to Hamilton.
So when the struggle is great, we need to see it as part of our participation in the Lord’s battles. We need to act on and according to that. Of course the great classic spiritual warfare text comes readily to mind (Ephesians 6:10-20).
To get mysewlf back in the swing of things, I thought it’d be a good idea to look at what I’ve ‘missed’, give a quick comment on it and start afresh. Ready? Click on for more.
But before we get to his celebration, I did a little SusyHomemaking of myself on Sunday morning. I of course got the inspiration from the only place I get inspiration from these days, Pinterest! Ah, my beloved Pinterest. I decided to make a recipe for Heart Shaped French Toast. Don’t they look pretty?!
Pours a cloudy deep amber with a pillowy light tan head that thins fairly quickly to a sheet. Big grassy hops smell, with a sweet malt and a slight hint of alcohol. 8% ABV is bigger than most, but not too big for a DIPA.
I mean no disrespect in what I am about to say. I am not against self-publishing and that is a whole other subject entirely. But, what I will say is that there are too many authors who dismiss why agents are rejecting them and run off to self-publish instead of fixing why their manuscript was rejected.
Next, we have a layout by Katarina Damm-Blomberg. I love Katarina's style and how she always leaves an elegant amount of white space on her layouts.
This was news to my mother. She'd never heard about Jovita having had such major surgery. She asked Dr. Seissman if she was sure of this.
2) We can instead simply change our responses (R) to the events (E) – the way thing are- until we get the outcomes (R) we want.
I'd like to enter my card into the following challenges :
The trip was ended with my folks picking us up and taking us back to Tooting to stuff us on curry, mmm….
I was telling my wonderful eldest cub, Mim, about this song yesterday and it dawned on me that I should spread it around. Lambchop's head-honcho, Kurt Wagner, originally recorded 'Give It' with UK dance duo X-Press 2 and you can find it one their (ahem) 'greatest hits' set, Raise Your Hands. Now I come to think of it, I think I did include a brief clip of the tune from the 'Chop's Bristol show in March in my review of the gig. It's good that the band are continuing to conclude their set with it as it makes a fine end to a perfect evening. Note also how Kurt turns it into a cover of Talking Heads' 'Once In a Lifetime'. Cool. Mr. Wagner as snake charming southern primitive Baptist preacher.
Now I probably shouldn't admit this but there's really only one on that list that I actually regret doing. Yeah, Karma is totally going to kick my ass.
With this in mind, I went back over some of my short stories, and decided to post their first lines. Some of them are okay. Some of them… Not so much. But that’s okay — nobody said that first lines were meant to be easy, and I shall simply endeavour to improve!
Saturday night, I had a date with my husband. Things have been crazy (even with the vacation), so it had been a really long time. We planned a bike ride along the Potomac trail, and I was SO excited! It's just cool to ride along with the Lincoln and Washington monuments staring at you from across the river.
Sometimes, I despair of my species. Sometimes even listening to Bach doesn’t help.
The pretty floral card candy was part of a package won from Mandy - thanks again for that - but, sadly, the source of the ribbon has long been forgotten, ditto the butterfly. Offcuts of the DP decorate the inside and back.
Told them how to do the bob and it was grand
The fugitive officers work regular business hours and no one can help on the weekends, she said. The person she needed to speak with was never in the office, she said, and different departments within the sheriff's department don't communicate well with each other.
It is 12:20 in New York a Friday
"We'll see what the Sherriff has to say about that." Notia folded her arms. "Don't make me do this."
These images are being sold as pieces of art. BevShots, based in Tallahassee Florida, is a good place to start shopping for these colorful pictures.
The two of them are starting to irk now.
I mailed this out yesterday along with a little Thank You gift.
Despite the existence of many studies describing the negative effects of mercury on the human brain, governments still push for the increased vaccination of the population with shots containing Thimerosal. Furthermore, governing bodies have protected the pharmaceutical companies who produce the vaccines and foods containing HFCS against any type of lawsuits. The fact that many high executives of these companies also hold key positions within the government, might provide an explanation. There are indeed a restricted amount of persons holding positions of high power in both the private and public sector. These people, in what are clear cases of conflict of interest, collide at the top to form what this site refers to as “the elite” or “the ruling class.” Most of these people have never been elected to governmental positions, yet they create public policies that further their agenda, regardless of the political party in power. Look at the membership of the Bilderberg Group, the Committee of 300 or the Council of Foreign Relations and you will find the CEOs of companies producing your food and medication … and the same people who pass laws governing your food and medication.
Regina also introduced me to this recipe, but told me she got it from Lisa. So today we will be spotlighting Lisa.
I know that Babar is supposed to be a classic, but that is the last damned time I read a book to a bunch of kids unless I've read it first myself.
Toss all the ingredients apart from the honey together in a small bowl until evenly coated. Heat up a small frying pan over a medium high heat and throw in the pear & almond mix. Brown/caramelise slightly on both sides before adding the honey and stir to coat the pears.
You deserve to stand accused of the atrocities perpetrated by those you supported and brought to power in this once safe, peaceful and beautiful country!
The host will consult the Twitterverse for suggestions relevant to them and will then make the final decision on one charity per venue/host. The host is responsible for ensuring that the charity is legitimate.
Nevertheless, late last year the 3 year statutory period on investigations ran out and the money is now believed to have been accessed by the account holders.
vehicle accident. It was a head-
Some of you know that my company works with ad agencies in addition to video game companies. I was just forwarded an article where an agency owner who thinks very highly of himself was pontificating on what's wrong with the industry.
Long at all
4 creature
It’s fishcake with broccoli. Looking at his “picking up food” ability, I was raring to make some “advanced” finger food for him even though he’s only 9 months plus.
Alhamdulillah its our time darling.
-Snapshot: Puzzle platforming again, but you can take pictures of things and drop them in the level to progress. It’s not like, crazy, you basically get a good way of teleporting small devices around to help you solve a puzzle, but it was solid fun stuff.
Last night I needed something to round out dinner. Of course, I decided this at the last minute and didn't have time to make any rolls. These drop biscuits fit the bill though.
Chitanda comes in and wow… In the screen shot above she looks like a carbon copy of Takane Manaka from Love+. Don’t know Love+? If you’re a middle-aged man living in a basement, you’re missing something. If not, I don’t think you should bother. It’s a game where you can capture and spend time with a virtual girlfriend. I’m trying to unlock all of Manaka’s CG right now, but I’ll have to play it for a year to do that. I kind of wish that the 3DS version would come out for us Europeans, but it’s not like that will ever happen. All I can do is wait for a 3DS flashcart and somebody to translate it.
The Compulsory Purchase Order for the disputed Mash Barn Lane area is still going through. We are also looking into another couple of issues at present but can’t say to much until we have more information.
Black Widow/ Agent Natasha Romanoff (Scarlett Johannson): She was the only character that I really had a problem with, because I still fail to understand why she qualifies as a hero. Seems to me like she’s a kick-butt secret agent with mad skills, but super powers? Not really! Each of the characters has a trademark weapon (Cap.:shield, Hawkeye: bow and arrows, Thor: hammer, Iron Man: suit, Hulk: being huge and green) but hers is just…. a gun? Really…. that part just didn’t click with me. But she was a great actress, and I enjoyed her performance despite those things.
I LOVE to frequent the Goodwill. It's hit or miss. Somedays there is absolutely nothing but junk and somedays you score a find like these chairs! When I found them they were in dire need of some love. They didn't even have seats, but the details are amazing, and at $2.50 a piece how could I not buy them?? Look at the detail on the back or splat of the chair--love the music reference!
I said "oh, it's alright, just a bit more".
The group, which they say has branches in five Canadian cities and members in more than 130 countries, believes that on June 30 (or July 1 across the international dateline), their Texas-based leader and his followers will be transformed, said Alex Poessy, the group’s bishop in Canada.
On the second day, my favorite part of the whole trip was falling asleep in the jacuzzi. You see it was raining hard and everybody wanted to leave and get dry except me and one of my best friends. We had the jacuzzi all to ourselves and we actually end up falling asleep. I felt comfort in the cool raining hitting my face and chest while the rest of my body laid in warm bubbling water. I prayed real quick right then and thanked God for giving me this experience.
Yield: about 20 cookies
Over the past two decades, explorers and journalists alike have collected hundreds of tales concerning the candiru's nastiest trick. It's also mentioned in several scientific papers. Professor John R Herman, in his 1973 paper, 'Candiru: Urinophilic catfish - Its gift to urology' (Urology 1(3), pp 265-267), writes:
Katie seems to take after me when it comes to ear infections. She always seems to have them.
Brewed on 08/06/2009 by myself.
Attainability: WELL…
APPLE KOLACHES
to the spectacular art nouveau copula in Galleries La Fayette
And even more than that, Romans 6:5-7 tell us:
Thanks, Mr. Tesla! And you, the little purple plate in the side pocket of my station wagon!
There was some good times but overall they are right.
and I moved the straight border at a rectangle to the three squares (funny did not notice till I posted it on here,)
guess the other option is to chain your soul to an educational institution in the hope of the security of tenure
But of course, there is beauty and depth in diversity, and while everybody knows it's important to keep this in mind I think it's surprisingly easy to drift to the clique mentality of categorization. And we all know the risk of clique thinking is a pressure to conform. Then again, there is something to be said about respect for tradition and the knowledge of those who came before. It's a fine balance of carrying on a legacy and of putting a spin on it that remains true to the legacy.
1. Spinach salad with strawberries and blueberries
But, within five minutes, Amazon – bless ‘em… they do try hard – were starting to make these ghastly recommendations based on what I was attempting to find – these possible needles within their giant haystack.
types of cosmetics out there, how do you know which ones
Daniel: Giving back to the community already! Nice!
beneath this
When we got to Grandma and Grandpa's house 5 days ago Tienna was terrified of dogs. All dogs. She faced her fear and is now best friends with Pappy.
/ EndRant
The city presenting no objects of sufficient interest to detain us on our way, we resolved to proceed next day by another steamboat, the Fulton, and to join it, about noon, at a suburb called Portland, where it would be delayed some time in passing through a canal.
As yet, no publishers or distributors were willing to put their name to complaints when Publishers Weekly interviewed them in an article published yesterday.
"Love bug?! What's a love bug anyway?"
The one person who seems willing to listen is the deputy sheriff, Boyd Davies, who shows up everywhere and helps when he doesn't have to.
Hello all, hope you all had a wonderful Christmas and you all managed to eat the rest of the turkey...
Perfumed, rose petal and confectionary nose.
But a great salad - fresh and seasonal. Just lovely at this time of year.
The second of my Bird IQ quizzes can be found at this link: Bird Quiz. You can vote any time through next Thursday. Results will be published on Friday, April 27. Good Luck.
The concept for this beer began last spring, while Brewmasters Kevin Templin and Darron Welch were judging at the North American Beer Awards. These two previous winners of the Great American Beer Festivals 'Large Brewpub of the Year' had found over years of beer judging that they had a lot in common and shared similar philosophies in regards to brewing.
I need to learn to just let go... and enjoy.
Crime
A leper. A man whose appearance was most likely abhorrent. An outcast. He begged Jesus to make him clean. He fell – how must that have hurt with exposed nerve endings – or not if they were already rotted away. On his face, assuming his rightful place before Jesus. Bowed low. Even his request is humble. “…if you are willing…” He gave Jesus an easy out to say no if He wanted.
C: … a talent manager.
Hmmm, I can't think of anything else. I'm pretty sure I only have 4 "quirky" things about me. Yes, only 4. If I could come up with 6, that would make me very strange indeed. And I'm not. Strange, that is. I'm perfectly normal. With only 4, perfectly normal quirks. Really.
International op shopping is always fun too. Our family visited my parents back home in New Zealand in January. I was out shopping with Mum in downtown Nelson. There is an op shop right near the car park, so while mum was grabbing something quickly I ran for it. Inside I zoomed past the usual tired knits and mass-produced and unexciting crockery. I whizzed through tragic 80′s and 90′s sewing patterns and found myself in the mattress section where I spied this beauty!
and they open the doors to you.
I'll be entering this card in the following challenges:
Tyroconnell 10 year old Madeira Cask Finish Single Malt – 46% £49 rrp
I’ll marry them.”﻿
dijon or stoneground mustard
B1 - The Night The Good Boy Lost His Crown
- A butane stove for cheese making
-oil
then I set them in the sunshine
I have found the people to not only be highly intelligent, but also deeply compassionate. If the future of this country rests, in part, in the hands of people like this then we have great reason to be optimistic.
AIIIEEEEEEEE!!!!!!
* The olive branch represented the faithful people of God. No matter where their origin, the Spirit of God will deliver them to their destination.
10) I don't particularly care for chocolate and never crave it.
By no means can I speak for all men regarding their sexual fantasies, but I know what I’ve heard through the grapevine. I have also heard stories about how they got rejected and stories of how they ‘knew better than to bring up something so stupid.’ What are some of these things that I’ve heard so much about?
I cannot wait to try the sausages and there is even a way to get the sausage casings for nothing if you are resourceful.
A scorned straphanger who claims a married Queens bus driver hit on her has spent months letting the whole neighborhood know just how she feels about him, plastering his Q69 Astoria route with fliers addressed to the “womanizer bastard.”
There's a part of my heart that make me love you. This is a book about how I love you. My hope is for you to be in my heart. Oh how sweet I think I am. It's a time to give you a present. I love you with all my heart. Love, Faith
cabbage with andouille, hot from the oven, and still in
Happy weekend everyone!
It is my bow, they are my arrows, it is my chariot, they are my horses
There are many kinds of waiting rooms. Some are filled with anticipation and excitement. Some are sad and lonely rooms filled with our greatest fears and anxiety.
Pekema and Perkasa have demanded that the government prioritise Bumiputera interests before conforming to set international trade agreements such as the Asean Free Trade Area (Afta).
Hope you can use at least some of this advice.
oceans. They took Mother, lost in the wilderness of strange
“GET OUT!”
Collins, W.H., The Truth About Lynching and the Negro in the South, NY: Neale Publishing Co., 1918.
OK, so now that you know that I'm angry, lets get to London....
I will admit that the thing that first suckered me in on this particular bottle was the label. It’s pretty basic black and red but is pretty sleek looking. (Idiots are attracted to anything “sleek”) Once I saw that this bottle was only $9 (at Target), it made quick entry into the shopping basket with the two other bottles of Wine I had previously snagged. (It’s gotten to where my shopping cart does lots of clanking of bottles as I wheel through Target)
Since Thabo Mbeki (who had demented ideas about Aids) was forced from office, the government has made progress in changing the sexual attitudes of black South Africans. Zuma has blown a hole in this campaign for the sake of his nights of passion.
Brent and Jillian started the dancing for the night with “It’s Your Love” by Tim McGraw and Faith Hill. With the moon projected in the background, and the lighting dark and intimate, the couple was truly “Dancin' in the dark, middle of the night, takin' your heart and holdin' it tight…”
But I never thought there’d come a day I’d have to catch a plane!”
"Vinzee's Magic Fountain totally kaput? It looks like they've been closed the past few days. After they reduced their hours a few months ago, it wasn't looking promising."
As close as we got to being the first state to require this, the effort failed this past week. While it was a good, great effort, it really needs to be a federal mandate.
We have another lovely challenge this week, nicely timed for Valentines Day - "The One I Love". Hope you'll play along with us - you never know, it could be you in the Spotlight next week!
It was so late when he got back to his hotel that the outer gate was shut, and he had to wake up the poor little porter, as on that night when he returned from Madame Uccelli’s. The porter was again equal to his duty, and contrived to light a new candle to show him the way to his room. The repetition, almost mechanical, of this small chicane made Colville smile, and this apparently encouraged the porter to ask, as if he supposed him to have been in society somewhere–
Ben Keith - dobro, pedal steel, vocal
Although some weeks ago I was asked to assist in making some costumes for a local theatre group who were performing the Sound Of Music.
84. Sehun really like dancing, he has fast dance moves.
If you have connection to any one of these schools, take immediate action. This is a disgrace to the entire Catholic Church.
"Just the other day she was still my innocent little girl, running around barefoot," said Holla Holtzhausen, from the Mabula game farm near Ladybrand.
been working patiently
Isn't this little dancer girl adorable?? I bought the Cricut Lite cartridge Twinkle Toes on Thursday, and decided to use this little darling asap! I think she is super cute!! Her face is from PK Princess Faces.
Click on the links below to access the resources:
Having been knocked out of postseason consideration by Alexander on Tuesday, Garcia worried his team would lose focus going into the season finale against Nixon (6-10-2). His team surprised him, however, by not missing a beat.
I meet a helmeted family of stationary cyclists, the father looking at the map somewhat bemused. ‘Hello! I don’t suppose you know where we are do you?’ he asks. I point out our location, and he expresses surprise at the distance they have covered. His young daughter stands silently next to him astride her bike. She has a big grin on her face – maybe she’s amazed at how far their adventure has taken them, or perhaps she’s amused at her dad managing to get the family lost in hundreds of acres of forest. But to be fair, it’s easy to lose one’s bearings here – it all looks the same! – and I have only been able to keep track of my position by consulting the map regularly – not so easy to do while speeding along on a bike.
If one young person has the courage to say no at that ‘sliding doors’ moment, because of something they had experienced either at the festival or during the aftercare, then that is worth more than anything. I want to reach out to the lost and show that there is a way out. This is the dream… I just need the support to make it a reality.
Mandy Rossouw
With the price they were offering (a saving of about $1200 AUD for a cash sale) anyone would think it a perfect opportunity to jump at. I must say, we are dearly tempted and still undecided. But there are still two areas I have not reconciled yet. Firstly, is value - what exactly are we buying and how do we reduce our electricity bills. Lastly, does it really meet the need intended?
Whereas, meanwhile.....
When will I be able to take some extended vacation time? Now would be ideal.
Here’s her contact information:
World Square Shopping Centre
I keep going back to the guest post that Rachel Cohen-Rottenberg wrote for me a year ago, called We Are Not the Enemy. In it she says "I am not your enemy. I am your ally, and I am your child's ally. Now and always." So, I guess I'm writing this now to tell the autistic people who are reading this that I, too, am not your enemy. I am not afraid of autism; I do not hate autism, and I can help bridge the gap between our two groups. I want to learn from you, and I want to stand beside you as you fight for your rights. You are my child's future and I want to help you as you make the world a better place for yourselves; and for him.
Kamilla Rytter Juhl, paired with Christinna Pedersen, lost her second semi-final match of the day in women’s doubles against Wang Xiaoli / Yu Yang, 10-21, 12-21. In the final, the Chinese will play against Vita Marissa / Nadya Melati. The hometown heroines produced a very offensive display, pumping a lot of smashes that allowed them to dominate their match against Japan’s Mizuki Fujii / Reika Kakiiwa, 21-12, 21-12. It will be interesting to see whether their offensive play will work well against the favourites, Wang/Yu in the final.
The ancient Greeks linked sapphire with Apollo, and wore it as an aid to prophecy when consulting oracles. For this reason, it is considered an aid for developing the "third eye". It was also considered to be able to guard its owner from being captured. It is worn and utilized in rituals to strengthen the ability to tap and send forth power.
We're a day early with a very special birthday surprise....tomorrow is Korin's actual birthday! A group of her friends are getting together today for a fun early birthday party, since tomorrow is the fantastic April Release Blog Hop for Sweet 'n Sassy Stamps, and we didn't want to take the spotlight from that. After all, our sweet girl deserves her OWN day in the spotlight! So please join us as we celebrate Korin's birthday a little early! After all - you can never have too much celebration, can you?!?!
I have stitched a couple of small "All Our Yesterdays" designs now and I am thinking of putting them all together as a cushion or even a small quilt. But at the moment, the imagination hasn't quite come through with the final result.
Who they have lost, as I walk these empty hallways
Software exports (which comes in services) and remittances (classified in ‘invisibles’) normally bale us out. Absolute level of trade deficit was $185bn for FY12. Software exports were around US$100bn for FY12. A recent World Bank release pegged remittances to India at around US$64bn for 2011. That is $164bn. Of course, we import services as well. Overall, the services surplus and invisibles will balances out only about 6% of the trade deficit, leaving us with a current account deficit of over 3%
Truly, it was a lesson for me. Where are the teachers and the guidelines for moving kids through our educational system? Two girls going into high school that cannot figure out what 2/3 and 2/3 equals? That’s just scary. However, the tacos were amazing, so it was fun and hopefully a bit educational for both of us.
The last update was full of bitter and brokenness and anger and resentment.
You know, I sometimes have a little laugh about socialisation.
I work much better with specifics and examples than theory, so here is an example from my own spreadsheet.
I got the best surprise ever on our road trip last weekend (you may have a good guess if you follow me on twitter, or even if you read the title of this post!) – as we rounded a corner in the highway coming out of Payson, we were greeted with this AMAZING view:
18.If you could change one thing about yourself, what would it be?
This summer has been full of great finds and small projects around the house getting things in order for fall and they holidays. Last week I found this desk while treasure hunting with my mom for $1.00
was arrested for the rape of a woman at the University of Houston back in 1987, when DNA testing was not yet admitted as evidence in Harris County.
In honor of St. Patrick's day, we have been listening to the Celtic channel on Pandora. I have also been showing the kids clips of River Dance on youtube and we have been doing our own versions around the house :)
Here is more detail on the Gulf Loop Current:
It states: "Dear Mr Zuma... we looked forward to your State of the Nation address with great anticipation. We were especially anxious to hear what you have to say about crime ...
When we walked the aisle
This take on traditional guacamole was terrific and something I will make again and again- a great healthy snacking option if you leave a bowl in the fridge.
If you have not received a parent permission/notification form for the mock disaster drill this Friday, pleaes get one from me today!
This is the yarn I chose.
Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson must decide whether to make changes. Full-back Rafael would appear to be at the most risk of losing his place from the team that threw away a two-goal lead in the final seven minutes of last Sunday’s encounter with Everton.
The grand prize for this hop will be a $10 Gift Certificate to Both Creative Kuts and Creative Kuts2 Stores. Plus your chance at Winning the Sizzix 17-Piece Texture Boutique Value Kit when we reach 300 Followers.
“Newspapers and magazines rely very heavily on archetypes: you need a baddie and a goodie in a story. Most forms of journalism are so short and it very much helps to have archetypes. It’s all about shorthand.”
KEH Camera came to the fore more recently, advertising this same lens second-hand. Graded excellent had me keen to order, but it was also during a period of their site crashing, and subsequent emails of mine to them would bounce into a spam folder at the other end! Time lapsed between responses and I thought this potential too was going to collapse into thin air. The end result though is we did work our way through ultimately, and my order was finally on it's way. Seventeen days later, it turned up on my doorstep (last week); that seemed like an eternity! All was good; perfect packaging and in the best condition, so big accolades to KEH Camera/USA.
Release: 2011
It took 54 days to get from 250,000-300,000.
This one is the "Global Brand Experience Manager" for Facebook. I'm pretty sure everything you need to know about him is explained in his title.
I have found a way to prepare my heart for the resurrection of Jesus though! A pastor I had in college and who I still keep up with is doing at 40 Day Challenge with her current congregation and I've decided that I'll be following along and posting in here. I've already made a page (up near the top of this blog) with the 40 days of topics listed out and ready to go. They've got dates next to them so it'll be an exercise in staying current for me to stay on top of all the topics.
Clothespins were the easiest thing I've ever done. I had a TON just hanging around from a previous project. I cut out a piece of scrapbook paper a little larger than the surface of the pin (you can pick either side or do both if you wish!). Mod podge it onto the clothespin. Wait till the surface of the paper is dry. (By the time I finished mod podging my last pin, the first one was dry - works out perfect!) Then cut away the excess.
We were told that we would have it back in a week. A week went by, and nothing. We waited a few days after the time that was given to us to expect it in the mail. Then my husband called. Words+, in California, mailed it to Texas. That didn’t make sense to us. If it had to go to Texas to be fixed, why weren’t we told?
* Minutes between ingestion & unconsciousness for 33 of 65 patients
In an interview with the New Times of Kigali published last week, the new archbishop, who will take office in January said he would hold fast to the church’s traditional teachings on human sexuality.
If Taib says bark, yes we think that Daud Abdul Rahman will bark!
I'm not sure why I purchased this one; it doesn't have the usual pre-requisites for my eBay purchases, e.g. from Derbyshire. Perhaps it reminded me of my brief childhood passion for making models, although I never made anything approaching the quality of this example. It is a print (100 x 70mm) mounted on card with rounded corners and unusual dimensions (105 x 82mm), a size/shape I tend to associate - rightly or wrongly - with shots taken by amateurs in the late 1890s and early 1900s.
Heat 2 tablespoon olive oil in a Dutch oven, add chopped onions, touch of kosher salt and freshly ground pepper, and saute for several minutes over medium heat. Add chopped kohlrabi (or kale) and cook on medium high heat, tossing with two utensils for several minutes until all is coated and bright green.
The mister has done it.
Baby pigs. Baby cats. Baby cows. Baby chicks. Baby plants. Everywhere renewal, life just bursting through. It is a time when the farm calls out to me loud... work here, be here, live all this goodness.
So, onto my New Year resolutions. There's this one resolution I make each year. Whatever other ones I might make - this one particular resolution is always on the list. My OH laughs and doesn't know why I bother to say it. Now I papercraft and make cards, you would thing that this is something I shouldn't get wrong. It's a simple one - remember everyone's birthday ON TIME! Well, I'm embarrassed to say that I've already broken it in January and I only needed to make 3 or 4 cards (you may roll your eyes here!!!).
Heat the oil over medium heat in a medium sized sauce pan.
Asked to respond, Paul Boyce, general manager of The Glen Volkswagen, said it was not normal practice to leave the keys in the vehicle "unless we are moving the car".
Clean and not fussy. The mirrors give us all that we need.
Student: important part (True, but what is the important part called?)
"How so?" I asked He told me that two of the girls coming out are teachers and I'm hot for one of them" and then he smiled and said "And the best part is that they're twins!" then with a big smile he said "How hot is that?"
The critique was gushing over this production and I believe the Götz Friedrich distinction prompted the artistic management of the Köln Oper to insert the revival of the Schad's show to their 2012-2013 program.
Coyotes are gathering acorns
The ridges and valleys moved slowly underneath him. He passed over a clearing in the woods and saw something that made his blood run cold: two naked corpses hung upside down from the limb of a skag tree. One of them was a woman. Well, it was a common enough sight. “They must have been Rat-lovers,” the pilot told himself. He trained his monocular on the dead woman a little longer than was proper or necessary. The pilot thumbed on his STU and reported the hanging bodies and their position to the assistant.
I’ve had a few days to collect my thoughts – it has been so unbelievably wet I haven’t been spending as much time out in the garden as I’d have wished. But the good news is, the pond is almost half full, so I’m hoping newts will be returning there soon. Of course one of the big problems, when writing about Time Team so long before transmission, is to be informative – even interesting – yet not let the cat out of the bag. Nobody wants to watch a film when they know how it ends – although that said, I must have enjoyed watching Match of the Day hundreds of times, even though I’d just heard the results on the radio. So why’s that? Sometimes, and I think Time Team is a case in point, I suspect it isn’t so much what was scored, or discovered, as how these things happened. And this brings me to a general thought.
You might think that the Zombie problem was at least one which Roosevelt never had thrust upon him. Fact is, though, he was handling that once in 1918.
For a good year or so after my accident and deconversion, via habits of a lifetime, I read into things in a way that allowed me to be agnostic about the possibility of a Larger Consciousness/ SubConciousness/ Connectedness. Thankfully it tapered off and I say Good Riddance!
Everything you Read in the Corporate-Media is a Paid-For Lie.
I was so relieved to finally put a hospital gown on and start delivering the baby! They broke my water for me and the doctor said I could start pushing right away. With no medication whatsoever, I pushed for maybe 3-4 minutes and delivered a healthy baby girl! Don't hate me because I have fast labours...I would have preferred a much more relaxed approach to having a baby. We arrived at the hospital at 4:55 pm and Aleena was born at 5:08 pm.
Blowing in the Wind . . .
On that Sunday I was able to speak at the church I grew up in, Christian Development Center, and tell them about the missions trip to Mexico. It was great to be able to share with them what God is doing down there. The congregation has been so supportive of me and I couldn’t have made it there without their prayers and support. I put together some pictures of the trip to show them. Here are a few fun ones:
Guess what the eruption never came!
The Board therefore noted that "when ZERO is not used in direct association with beverage ingredients, the treatment of ZERO as merely descriptive is mixed, at best."
Me miles and miles away;
And now, I'm very happy to introduce Tara, someone who's blog and photography I've long admired.
on the farm where
Tucker Griffin Barnes P.C.
Since the weather has been fairly nice, he is outside in the yard chasing shadows and sunbeams and whatever else he thinks about chasing. When I am home, he is seldom inside the house now. He is finding a lot more bunnies on our walks again and enjoys watching the ducks, geese and gulls along the Red River.
Tools: label 4 Nestabiliteis, Tailor-made classic tags die
This giveaway will end on Monday, October 10th at midnight. The winner will be announced on Tuesday, October 11th. Good luck!!
I opined today on Facebook that it would be nice if rather than casting a vote for a candidate we could cast a mathematically negative vote against a particular candidate.
The experience was like MATTER was sleeping on its side and turned to wake up.
Leanne: Band was my favorite class in high school, followed very closely by Mrs. Radcliffe’s Physic’s class. In college…it’s a tie between sign language and the psychology of human sexual behaviors. Yes, I truly enjoyed these classes while I was taking them.
Meanwhile, in the loud silence from the legal beagles in San Francisco, can you hear the echoes of the persecution of those athletes at Duke? Obviously none of them had a “prominent local physician” as one of their daddies.
An Imprint of HarperCollins Publishers
As part of the agreement to these RLF funds, the City will require their environmental consultant to solicit local MBE/WBE/DBE subcontractors and provide an opportunity to qualified Chicago Southland companies to bid on and participate in all contracts to conduct necessary subcontractor services.
Traditional publishing is great, but in the last several years, financial difficulties have caused publishing houses to tighten their belts and keeping either to people who are already known, or are good enough to make it in. So from what I’m hearing it has gotten extremely hard, not that it has ever been easy to go to the ‘Big Six’ as they are called. It has always been intimidating to send your manuscript, or your “Baby” to an agent to only have it rejected a hundred times before you finally find someone who will take it. Then comes the part of finding a publishing house that will publish your book. Even after being accepted you still have to work with the editor, and it could months up to a year to see your book published. It is well worth it in the end yes, but it is a long and hard road.
The Mayans used to drink liquid chocolate to celebrate important events such as engagements, baptism and weddings. They also used the cocoa beans as a currency.
“Ah. I’m not sure.”
Well, my family doctor has been great. He is the one that found Romy's brain bleed in a matter of days, and he instantly took me seriously as well....he tested my kidneys, liver, thyroid, and several other things...
repeat that song again! and again! sit there, mama! don't do this! do that! it needs to be this way otherwise i'll blow my top!!!
I've never made burgers from scratch at home either as I'm a little intimidated in the process of making the burger patties. But when my brother-in-law made this awesome burger for New year 2011, I realized its not that intimidating and actually its quite fun to make burgers. He really made it with lot of passion giving attention to even minor ingredients and it was all worth it. It came out awesome and was a big hit in our party. The specialty is the unique stuffing insie the patties. It turned out to be very flavorful with a soft and juicy texture. Thanks to him for this delicious recipe! He mentioned that this recipe is a combination of two recipes, the “Inside Out Burger” and the “Jalapeno sliders” from Food Network's website and modified to give an Indian twist.
Uploaded by kylie lambert (Le Cupcake) on 22 Jul 10, 3.31AM CDT.
"Pimento cheese spread is fantastic on crackers, veggies, apples, sliced bread and as a topper for baked potatoes or broccoli." I imagine it would be great on a burger or a sandwich.
Chicken and Corn Enchilada type flatbread things
Recorded & Mixed at: Dynamic
Queen Size La Palma 260TC Canadian White Goose Down Comforter-Deluxe Fill
These massage products items are very simple to use, even a kid will appreciate it. It will not only relax you but it can also keep your muscular large managing even if you have better components you can do. It can help stimulate program activity, improve activity, make muscular large and reduce pressure. All of these and more are program activities that you need to stay healthy, especially when you’ve been struggling for a opportunity to execute out.
Alright..I think that's enough from me today.
This piece took several hundred hours of work and includes actual found shells, sea glass, pearls, beach stones (that have been trapped within pieces of hand dyed vintage lace), wool roving and silk fibers,vintage lace bits and lots of intricate hand embroidery stitching.
When you date, you are not exclusive. No one is committed. You are getting to know each other. Courting is when you agree to be monogamous. Marriage is the final step when you agree to share your lives. Now I can’t speak for all women, but after a few relationships I developed my own little list of things I ask myself while dating to determine if this man is someone I would want to be courted by. Though it may not always seem like you have a choice here.. you do. Let me explain…
From the extra nastiness of the GOP primary season as it weeds through the selection process to find who will run against His Majesty President Obama, which to be honest...I have no clue who I would cast my vote and honestly I am not sure if any candidate can return our nation back to its greatness. They talk the talk, but really ask yourself will that person really make the needed changes? Will this person honestly take on the astronomical growth of our national debt ($15 trillion and growing) and big government and not let the power go to their heads? Will this person have the guts to stand up and say "We no longer need agency A, B, C, and maybe D." Will this person be able to stand up against the whining, crying, tears being shed, and tantrums to do what needs to be done?
Basic Grey Paper
Oil - 2 or 3 tsp
I would like to say it's okay to stray off the beaten path in downtown and I feel that's true if you're in the Crossroads District, but in downtown proper, it's still a little sketchy. I don't feel that you're in danger at any time, unless you're drinking in a parking garage, but there's not a whole lot of great unknown watering holes downtown.
Must I be carried to the skies
Gone by Michael Grant
“Israel hath not obtained that which he seeketh for; but the election hath obtained it and the rest were blinded.”
I'm even thinking of selling it EXTRA cheap for a few days in honor
Courtney did mention that she “loved” Ben, which blew Twitter up. ARE THEY NOT TOGETHER? DID SHE WIN? Then there was the US Weekly thing. Look, I haven’t spoken to Ben about this other than that his sister’s roommate who is watching his dog Scotch let me know the dog is a fan of the blog:
However, if the increase in monthly fees to cover additional investment is spread among all consumers (a by-product of the Net Neutrality argument), the results reflect a negative impact on the Hispanic community.
He would cry...
Getting out for walks and hikes also has 2 other added bonus's - keeping fit and healthy, and being free (we bring picnics and a flask for tea) so our money can go towards our dream :)
We got to spend some time with JB's last living grandparent -- his Dad's Mom Theresa. As of today (January, 2011) she is sill alive but we know her days are numbered, and we were glad the boys got to see her again.
As Edmund Burke said, “all that is necessary for evil to triumph is for good men to do nothing.” We must DO something. Stand watch. Speak up. Become involved.
2- Surround Yourself with a Common Purpose
Marriage is, in my view, a decision between two people that they will spend the rest of their lives together, loving each other, supporting each other, and caring for each other, and declaring that love and that decision publicly to their friends and family, and to the community in general. It must be entered into freely by both parties without coercion or pressure, or it is no marriage at all. It often provides the foundation for a family of children, but it doesn’t always, and it certainly doesn’t have to. It expects faithfulness, and adultery will often mean the end of the marriage, though it doesn’t always, and it doesn’t have to.
On July 14, 2010, Camp Monserrate had another day of fun. It was an average day, nothing extraordinary. The Cavaliers got ready to climb the hardest mountain yet, Mt. Giant. We also had MLS, which was softball. The Elite won the Navigators by one. Other than that we had a pretty normal day. In the afternoon, 6:50 pm, the Cavaliers got back from their hike safely. And so went the day.
The fear of the LORD is the beginning of wisdom, and knowledge of the Holy One is understanding.
This book is a tome. It needs a lot of commitment to get through it, but in my opinion it was very much worth it. I started reading this book in English but it was extremely hard to follow for me (not just because nearly every other character's name is Thomas) and thus I got a German copy from my library. It still was a lot of work but at least I knew what was going on.
Me: really trying to show compassion and not completely laugh in her face
That is what my creation says .... Truth gives one Joy!!!
Master and I went three weeks without seeing each other. It is the longest time since I don't know when. Between traveling...family and business...work, appointments, etc...real life just kept getting in the way.
Ulta Cake Liner in Jet Black
Odd as these ideas sound today, they were hugely popular in Europe and America, and something like a hundred Harmonial communes—"Phalansteries," as they were called—were organized by enthusiasts hoping to make the dream real. Alas, neither the cosmic citric acid nor the antilions showed up, and the communes folded promptly once it became clear that passional attraction wasn’t up to the task of producing enough food, clothing, and other necessities for even the most devoted believers. At its peak in the 1820s, the movement unraveled thereafter, feeding erstwhile followers still eager for Utopia into other radical movements of the time. There was a brief attempt to revive Fourier’s ideas in the 1960s—something about his ideas, not to mention his prose style, seems to mesh well with the popular drugs of the time—but outside of that, he remains one of the forgotten ancestors of today’s Utopian beliefs.
Republicans say a slew of EPA clean air measures will drive up power costs but have had little success in trying to stop them in Congress. Industries have turned to the courts to slow down the EPA’s program.
I’ve never made qualms about the fact that I’ve always wanted a daughter. Bob Carlisle’s “Butterfly Kisses” probably sums it up best for me. Don’t get me wrong, my two boys (they’re fine young men actually) are ones to be proud of but that’s just not the same thing. I’ve been blessed to know two young ladies who’re about as close to being daughters as a guy will get without having his own. One’s about to make me a “grand dad” of sorts, a thought that almost strikes fear into me, and the other is a sharp mind well on her way to becoming an educator. I suppose I see myself as a godfather to them. For a short while, there was another young lady I thought I’d one day call my daughter. Sassy, strong, smart, almost revolutionary in a way. Driving with her to school, taking her to the doctors, checking on her when she was sick, seeing her dressed up for prom, all made it that much more difficult to accept that it would never be. I guess it’s made me apprehensive in a way to let anyone else in.
What has gotten into all these supposedly responsible people that has caused them to mouth off so loudly and dangerously in public? Don’t they realize that their condemnations can only give moral support to the Ayatollahs’ regime in Iran by reassuring them that they will see to it that Israel will not bomb Iran’s nuclear program?
If you're still here..thanks for reading :) I hope whatever you're creating at the moment takes you to a happy place.....I think I'm on the way to finding mine again :)
One morning when I was the opening manager, I hopped online and took the Certified Beer Server exam. Fifteen minutes and three cups of coffee later, I was a Certified Beer Server. It felt good, empowering, to know that I just put my knowledge to the test and proved to myself and my peers that I had the goods. Instantly I wanted more, though. There was a certain mystique and allure to the next (and at the time, highest) level of the Cicerone Certification Program. It seemed almost unattainable, and a challenge I wasn't sure I had what it took to complete. So I set to the task of developing my beer knowledge by reading, home brewing, and most importantly, drinking beer. Over the next year I worked hard at training my pallet to be able to indentify off-flavors, notice subtle nuances in beer aroma and flavor (all of the background notes), and learning more about the origins of beer styles. At times I felt dizzy with information, saturated with original gravities, cities of origin, food and beer pairing. It was the first time in my life that I ever had the zeal to study for an exam, to actually soak up knowledge, the first time chemistry and biology made sense to me. (Where were you in high school, Cicerone?!) Then in November, 2009, my time had come.
I took some of my daughter's clothes off the line today and actually found myself feeling happy that some of them looked awful and would need ironing. If you knew me, you would know how unbelievable that sounds.
Rocky Sullivan’s, Added Value, Metal & Thread, Tiburon, Equity Modern,
I know many of you are well into your 6th or 7th week of school but here in NYC, we have only been in school for 3 full weeks. I have some before and after pics of my classroom bulletin boards now that they are full with student work.
The stars, and the mountians, the rivers, the streams;
Located on a 1,500-acre lake in the Southern Blue Ridge Mountains, this island has a four-bedroom, four-bathroom house hidden by the forest canopy. It features a gourmet kitchen, antique pine floors, and covered decks that lead to a private dock. Asheville is an hour away. Atlanta is about a two-and-a-half-hour drive away.
Line the cupcake pan with 12 cups and fill them about two-thirds full.
24And the LORD commanded us to do all these statutes, to fear the LORD our God, for our good always, that he might preserve us alive, as it is at this day.
I've been reminded of the duration of these relationships and the legacy I have the potential to leave in lives.
Oh…almost forgot. The book cover’s font was adjusted slightly as well. Pretty snazzy.
There were two women in Hawaii. They lived together. Their cohabitation was a matter of convenience and friendship. They were both from different backgrounds yet had much in common. Both, in their early sixties, were practitioners of the healing and spiritual arts.
I should be able to get the clutter out of the house, and get things organized.
When you’ve been so well fed
If for some reason I can't afford to order the Real Science Odyssey I can defintely go with the materials for year 1 and 2 science on Lesson Pathways.
It’s been a long time since we’ve had them. Probably since last July, when we were camping, before leaving to India. And again last night, we had some with our friend’s new fire pit.
...Doyle's damp hand accidentally touched his under the table. He jerked it away, but then drove his hand back and forced it to clasp the cripple's. After finishing the letter, he did not let go, but pressed it firmly with all the love he could manage. At first the cripple covered his embarrassment by disguising the meaning of the clasp with a handshake, but he soon gave
“Apart from speaking Australian now, I’m pretty all right you know,” he told police in the second call.
So, what else will you find on those 30-plus pages?
Orange zest from 1 orange
I thought I had taken enough for postage only to find that it cost me around £2 extra to post it.
Hope this is clear enough for you, I hope to have another tutorial on colouring the clothes on a standing Simply Adorables figure within the next couple of days
69. Failed a class? - I know this is going to sound suspicious, coming from the nerdy geek, but I only barely passed grade 11 chemistry. In grade 12 math, my marks were so low my teacher asked my parents if I would drop out of the class so his class average would go up. At film school, my technophobia threatened my ability to proceed to 4th year with the rest of my class. I HAD to pass 3rd year techie class or else. So my friend Robin borrowed gear from school and took time to walk me through setting up the camera, loading the film, etc. so I could pass that course by the skin of my teeth. Thank you, Robin.
when he went to open my parents’ bedroom door, I followed.
G E Shipping Sells Its Single Hull Suezmax Crude Carrier 18
Color and Light
But Fergus argues that there's a real breadth and depth of flavour here. He tells us there's a lot of bitterness, so he's whacked in a lot of malt for balance.
With interest on the proposed library bond at 2.79%–probably as low as it will ever be–this is a great opportunity for our community to get a larger, more efficient library building.
This is my third project for 12 days of Christmas at Bugaboo stamps. The challenge is to use any animal. So, I made a tag and I like it! (Sorry for the pics, they are made with a cellphone, don´t have the camera these days.)
Be sure to stop by the Word Art Wednesday blog and get your free Scripture digi. This week the Scripture is Nahum 1:7, "The LORD is good, a strong hold in the day of trouble; and he knoweth them that trust in him." My dad loved this verse so it is extra special to me. This verse is such a great reminder that no matter what, God IS good. Even when we're in the middle of a trial, He's still there and He hasn't forgotten about us. I read this quote recently (I'm not sure who wrote it originally) and found it to be a great encouragement: "Sometimes when you wonder why you can’t hear God’s voice during your trials. Remember the teacher is always quiet during the test."
Because this is such a big giveaway, the way you enter is by spreading the word (Blog post, Twitter, Facebook, add the graphic to your sidebar, or whatever). Leave a link or just tell me how you shared the giveaway in a comment. For example you could:
I been MIA for a little while but I am back now. I got my inspiration today from one of my new follower ( Shen @ My Curious Craft). You guys know how I love to learn new things. Well here is another awesome card. It is a Z Fold Card. I am going to enter it into the Paper Playtime Challenge #48. I really like how this one turned out. I scrapped the first one because it was just okay. And it was not my best work, so I used it to learn how to make the card correctly and then came up with this one. I left the inside blank for journaling. So I hope you like it. Leave me comment and let me know what you think. So until next time ...
Today we gave the very first ever 3rd grade STAAR test. (The extra A is for Avocado!) Today's test was the Math test, so I was pretty understandably stressed and worried about how it would go. One of the few changes that teachers actually KNEW of was that children would NOT be allowed to have all day to take it (4 hour time limit for most). We also had heard that it would be much more rigorous (read, ridiculously harder) than the old TAKS, but since nobody had ever actually seen any true STAAR questions, we didn't really know what to expect.
It means that, as controversial and rage-flaring as it is to say that people matter to me more than bumble bees or tree frogs or gorillas, I have to say it. It makes sense and it’s Biblical to be good caretakers of what we have been given. But the Bible says people have dominion over nature, and that means if my choice is to sanction industrialization in Africa so people can have safe drinking water and electricity . . or to subtly deny them their industrialization to try to reduce global warming . . . I’m going to pick A.
Take the cream and mix the dessicated coconut in it.
31) Leads Generated - Are you meeting your leads goal? Are your sales reps’ funnels nice and full? Track leads generated month-to-month, as well as number of leads generated per channel, like you see below.
and then put
Live Long and Prosper :)
13 - Bobby Helms - Fraulein - 2:54
But this still hurts
In a stroke of brilliance, I respond: I made Mediterranean omelet with grilled peppers and cheese, and it's served with chef's salad.
610 D-II/12/1971. “Technology and the Law.” Crossroads International Student Center, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois.
I can bring some of the thoughts and words back.
However, the key thought to hold here is the recurring allegation that the News of the World editor at the time – one Andy Coulson – used his knowledge of the affair to both limit the potential damage to the rising Conservative Shadow Minister…and then wangle himself the key job as David Cameron’s media pa as a result of it.
Stacking: You may stack a coupon with a sale. You may stack a manufacturer coupon with a store coupon. You may stack both types of coupons with a sale. The ways you can “stack,” the bigger your discount will be. This is the key to extreme couponing! Note: You may never stack a manufacturer coupon with another manufacturer coupon. Occasionally, you may stack two store coupons, generally when playing the “Drugstore Game” (more on this to come).
Facebook likes: 69,264
As they are both tee total, they just don't understand why anyone would want to drink, at all. This means my holiday becomes much more sober. At a time where I need alcohol just so much more.
Cheerleader for the “blame America crowd?” No, that’s not Obama. He did not say America deserved to be attacked on September 11, 2001, as Christian preachers Jerry Falwell and Pat Robertson did. When he met with Vladimir Putin, unlike George Bush who claimed to have looked into Putin’s eyes and claimed to have seen “trustworthy” man, Obama told Putin the facts and extracted tough agreements to our nation’s advantage.
v) the WTO's Doha Declaration on the TRIPs Agreement and Public Health is an important milestone, as it recognises TRIPs as an international instrument for supporting public health objectives in Member states, not as an instrument for merely expanding IPRs;
. WHEW! I knew right then, I would have something sewn upon the mid section of the quarter sheet, to the front of my legs, for keeping it RIGHT-WHERE-IT-NEEDED TO BE!
Turns out, the answer is: not always. There's been some serious research in composition (my real-life field) that suggests that praise can be just as valuable--sometimes more valuable--a teaching tool as genuine critique.
It is my birthday tomorrow and I find myself in the midst of an existential crisis... Although I've been so busy of late that I've hardly had time to breathe, I find myself questioning the choices I've made and what I want for the future. Sometimes I wonder why I push so hard and then there are times I wonder if I'm doing enough.... I know this means it is time to step away from the fray and take some time to reflect. I wish you all a happy holiday season, filled with love and laughter, joy and delight!
The internet searches I did of Dorothy's name turned up nothing. The alumni association had no information on her. I had one other option. My grandmother had already passed away, but my great aunt Alice, my dad's aunt, was also pictured in the annual. She was of sound mind and doing well at the age of 97. Here she is:
A: The subject of fan mail did not come up with Yogi but as you know, Yogi is 86 turning 87 and can only sign on a limited basis. His sons, Tim and Dale, run the family's business, establish their own guidelines and what people receive presumably comes from them.
Then I can shuffle about all day looking like a drunk, not worrying about going to work or personal hygiene and moaning. A bit like living in South Leeds.
Like the folk on the planes down in Entebbe / I’m a hostage to love with a girl called Debbie / ba ba ba ba, ba ba.
“My ways must I be wending
Some of the marks above were already on the papers I used. The dark ink marks and various pastel marks were part of the process. We also started to join pieces of prepared papers and fabrics together to work towards either a finished piece or a series of small pieces,
He said: "The owner of the back-up premises was warned to cancel and not tell us till the last minute." Choudary, 43, said it exposed "a burning hatred" against Islam but vowed the seminar will take place.
University) 33rd Degree Freemason who was influenced by Jesuit-trained
Much to my chagrin. I should visit him more.
I'm just now going down to my corner today...should have about an hour before I need to worry about dinner. I won't be actually scrapbooking I'm afraid, but I need to just get organized and cleaned up. A scrapper chic's next best hobby right? ;)
Unfortunately, I didn't get the email until 3 hours after he sent it... so I hope he was able to make the pasta anyway... I've really got to check my emails more often on the weekends.
1 1/2 tbsp vegetable oil
A sure solution is to put members’ pay on the line if they don’t start thinking longer-term, said Rep. Jim Cooper, Tennessee Democrat, and sponsor of the “No Budget, No Pay” Act.
Where the empty metals shine—
“That’s the people down at the corner of the street,” I told him of their dog.
It was God Himself who carried the Word, the ideas or thoughts as well as the expression of His thinking and wishing, in Himself because every thought every word, every expression, was part of Himself.
Sentiment: handwritten and glittered, means "Merry Christmas" in Romanian
6. We will have a dessert in which we have voted for on Friday. YUMMM!
But small mammals are equally well represented. This chipmunk was cracking me up. I've seen squirrels on the sunflower seed feeders before, but, never chipmunks on the niger seed feeders. It must only take 90 gazillion of them to fill those little cheeks.
We had a great Thanksgiving. Tasty food, family time and we went to see The Muppets. How was yours? Work has been really frustrating. The girls freaking out about the holidays and not enough staff to deal with it. I feel tense and wound up all the time right now. But hopefully I can use the Internet to distract me. And you too! Here goes nothing.
It’s really quite incredible how simply referencing something from someone’s past can have such a powerful effect – and it’s not just games that play on this, as nostalgia is used and abused in many aspects of modern society. Television channels like GOLD exist purely to broadcast constant re-runs of much-loved shows from yesteryear, and retro fashion is becoming ever more popular. Heck, at times, it’s probably even considered more ‘hip’ to look old fashioned than it is to be wearing the latest trends (I’m totally down with the kids, me). And let’s not forget that advertising takes advantage of nostalgia all the time – notable examples being the recent return of the Tetley tea folk, that absolutely insane Müller advert with all the Mr Men and Hanna-Barbera characters (seriously, what were they smoking when they made that?), and one of the biggest culprits of all, the infamous Coke advert that plays on our small screens every single year in the run up to Christmas (which I expect we’ll be seeing again very soon!). All of this begs the question – why do we have such a fondness for things from the past?
Often times, college serves as the transitional period from childhood to adult life as many students face those unanticipated “sink or swim” moments. Alyssa faced such a challenge when her residence hall was closed during her first midterms. She had to endure the added expense and time of moving while maintaining her grades. She quickly realized that in high-stress situations, she has the strength and resilience to carry on and succeed…invaluable traits of any physician.
Each globe and each world,
8. Black Spider (3:31)
So whenever an election comes around here in the Greater Bippus Area, Old Uncle Milton has resolved to make a change in his habits. Firstly, of all the incumbents, identify any that might be a part of the *Country Class* as defined by author Codevilla. (Hint: there will be none, or maybe one, but elected folks like this are extremely rare. Google Ron Paul for an example). Now unless you are willing to be engaged above and beyond the voting cycle, scratch off the names of the incumbents. Incumbents get no vote. None. Just because they smile, and speak intelligently does not qualify them to be a public servant.
A Stalinist propoganda poster by Latvian artist Gustav Klutsis. He and his wife worked tirelessly for the dictator’s campaigns, until one day Klutsis disappeared. In the 80s it transpired that Klutsis had been executed by order of Stalin. Despite not agreeing at all with the agenda of Klutsis, this poster is impressive. The eye catching communist red superimposed with a black and white photo montage of hands increasing in scale, would have been perfect brainwashing material.
Have a great weekend peoples!
And I know I didn't deserve any of it.
Eyes more sallow than the golden they were more accustomed to being almost lit up as he misinterpreted. The mistake sent his mind along a path that had not occurred before. “A child of pieces and made greater than my sum? Yes that is a wonderful idea. A full plethora of possibilities! Yes, but one alone will not do. A spore alone is far too tossed on hazardous breeze. A thousand at the very least” he demanded as he became quite enamored with the thought.
On 31st May 1910 the Union of South Africa came into existence. Of all the many landmarks that make up South African history, this was the moment the country as it stands today came into being.
a board-and-rope swing in the maple tree,
the story goes on and on….
Have you ever felt compelled to thank somebody for loving you? A secret, dark part of me always felt that everyone should just DO that love me thing. Yet, somewhere deeper and even darker, I’ve always felt that no one has.
i didn't want to tell my sisters just yet
I mentioned before we sometimes have trouble eating our bananas before they turn over-ripe. I haven't bought them in a while, but I had to the last couple of weeks because the spring soccer season started up. My husband refs games, and he needed the bananas to prevent season opener cramping. The bunch we bought this week only lasted three days before a couple were getting very spotty!
It was a warm night and everything was perfect. Maybe it was the Rum. No, I don’t think it was. It wasn’t quite December yet. She couldn’t smell the flowers, her nose was blocked. In retrospect, maybe it was a little chilly after all. We were in a bubble of our own and the glasses were fluorescent lights doing figure eights in slow motion, filling, emptying and refilling by themselves. What I do remember well is the jasmine tree beside the gate, and how its smell was in her as much as it was in the air itself.
What an interesting government South Africa has in power! Turbulent some might argue, but so very much corrupt aswell.
Unfortunately we ended up being served a different appetizer by mistake, a deep fried, crispy lentil dumpling instead, complete with the doubling up of chutneys and sauces I was trying to avoid. In their favour - the Dosa Staff offered to change it for us but we declined because we were hungry after all the waiting. Certainly do be aware, when eating at Dosa, that the sides for the appetizers and mains might be the same. Read the menu carefully and balance your choices accordingly for a more variety-filled meal.
May I stand firm
(B) incoherent,
Fuck that.
Rather than, “Leave us alone, so Noli Me Tangere!”
It was a public holiday on Thursday and D decided to take Friday off as well – as did most of South Africa. Bah! sucks! humbug! to productivity, right? Given that it was a lovely day yesterday, though rain was threatened, we decided to wander down to Kalk Bay.
Next year I'll be going straight;
Ohio*** The asterisk is because I think the following as lamh35:
So I erased disk again and installed Snow Leopard. This time I recreated my user account and tried using the Migration Assistant. Once again the Mini failed to boot at the next restart.
Please let me know everything you did in your comment so I’ll know how many points to assign to you!
”I suppose there’s a small amount of legitimacy involved with the perception that some Catholic institutions are being ‘forced’ into an action that is against their belief. That can and will be worked out.“
Interviewer: We are not here to pass judgment on Sheik Al-Qaradhawi or anyone else.
to continue blogging.
I know what I want and if you can’t give me that, then you serve no purpose and you’re as good as absent to me!
8.I think it is in Thailand where they have the monkeys on the city streets. While your watching the monkeys play with a cell phone and laughing until you realize the phone their playing with is yours.
Not only is the answer YES, but we also beat them to the design!
In April-May 2011, the state ATS had arrested Anjela Sontakke, alleged secretary of Golden Corridor committee of CPI (Maoists) along with six more, including a Kabir Kala Manch member Dhawala Dhengle of Pune, for their alleged Naxal links
Teachers who have picked up elementary students to take them to school in the rain, because they knew those students walked and if it rained they wouldn't be able to come to school.
This is a solitaire scenario I created and played for The Lord of the Rings SBG and my first Small Table Game Day battle.
The professionally produced program outlines the dangers and choices open to teens, and the physical and emotional impact that their decision-making has, not only on themselves, but on others around them, whether peers, family, professionals or others.
Hey ho, the addy oh!
Then I mixed the vegetable mixture together with the noodles, added some garlic powder and black pepper and the basil. It turned out so good! I think because I marinated the mushrooms for so long, they had a really strong flavor (in a good way), so the rest of the dish didn’t need really a lot of other ingredients. Although I do think that some feta cheese crumbles might be a nice addition! (But mainly because I think that almost all dishes taste better with cheese…)
He constantly complained about money but would not take any responsibility for assisting with the household expenses. I couldn’t even count on him to assist with paying the utility bills when I provided the money to pay them.
My new green jacket from Roxy, I really like that color green
Top right two pictures: A fellow BLM, Claire, from my local bereavement group made ribbons for all of the parents and put them on a wreath with all of the other children's ribbons and took pictures with our child's name on them to give as our Christmas Cards.
· Place an inordinate emphasis on angels and the supernatural
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone! Yes, I did work on my birthday but it was made far better because when I turned the corner to my office, I had lime green streamers from floor to ceiling and multi-colored balloons all over the floor! My co-workers are awesome and I highly recommend decorating employee offices. I felt very motivated all day. Well, maybe not motivated but I felt happy and liked!
I was going to close with a big announcement but will keep you all in suspenders a bit longer :D and announce it in the next few days as must fly now!
3 different ribbon roses
So, as the tumbleweeds rolling around might have clued you in, life has been hectic for the past couple of weeks. Something vaguely resembling a lull, however, may be in sight, and so last night the Mister and I celebrated by retreating to our favorite pub. We normally sit on the terrace, which has great views of our little city and the sea and less smoke, but last night lots of folks were out and about, and so not a table to be had.
Allowing the Tory chairman to talk to party donors in the comfort of a Downing Street office, or in the kitchen of the flat above, hardly fits in with that firm commitment to clean up politics.
El Bolson, Argentina
Seemingly, according to the Prof, a "high percentage" of students consider drinking "immoral"
And this strikes me as coming from such a very schooly mindset: a mindset that says that schools have the answer. That everything chosen for the school curriculum is Important, and MUST be learned at some point or other for the learner to be a properly functioning member of society! It comes from a presumption that the government knows everything that's essential knowledge for every human being. And it comes from the belief that there IS one essential body of knowledge out there to be learned!
Also my weekend was totally ruined when I was invited to play some beer pong with some old buddies and some ancient drama had to show its face and my friends that I were with were asked kindly to leave. It's cool and all to ask someone to leave... just not me, or at least when I'm associated to leave since someone else is. It's a whole bunch of bullshit which I might rant about in the days to come.
We're now homeward-bound to rest up for a few days, do some laundry & pack everything up again for 10 days at the Rat Race Competition in Oregon. I'm looking forward to seeing old friends again but already miss the new ones I made here.
Want to try to get your hands on some fun new images? Just hop on over and see these ladies and be sure to leave some love in the form of a comment for a chance to win!
And then Schumpeter provides Chart 1, showing the interaction of cycles:
A complete nightmare of a day! The reason why I have neglected my blog. Would have normally posted 3 or 4 posts by now.
Noteworthy: Sad to see Mark Buehrle move to the NL, 11/26 (.423) lifetime against him
At the time, Hagar himself already enjoyed a lucrative solo career, having released several successful solo albums, some of which went platinum. Most rock fans already knew who he was, so this key line-up change was not nearly as big of a risk as replacing Roth with an unknown. Hagar may not have been as goofy or good-looking as Roth, but he could write music, play guitar and was a far-more accomplished vocalist, not to mention he brought along a respectable fan base of his own. Regardless of what anyone thinks of Hagar-era Van Halen albums, hiring Hagar was a great move. At the very least, 5150, the first album to feature Hagar, would sell a lot of copies based solely on the curiosity factor.
Having a couple of really hot days not much done in the afternoon...we have had two bbq's and they have been really good we took on board the SA lessons from last year.
Thats all for now, just wanted to say hi.
Our church has somewhat related to us, discreetly, that God’s love is to be earned through our actions…through our life.
I spent the rest of Mother's Day chilling with my family. A couple naps, a giant 5 Guys burger for dinner, cards and flowers from my family, perfect. I hope you all had a wonderful Mother's Day too!
Two post in one day (oh my goodness) what goin' happen,,,lol.
* Maintaining a close gap while chasing under drift conditions helps to win that pass.
I like that I get some time to myself, gets the blood pumping and gives me a bit of a buzz. Its also really good for clearing my head and getting in some quality daydreaming.
Mummy xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
and yea... I had totally forgotten. Turns out Artweaver if set to Max Quality can turn bmp to jpg with slight color change but no grainy uglyness. Just once converted, I can't open the pic up in Paint anymore because any editing will wonk the pic upon saving. I also got a few fonts from the internet-computer onto my bedroom computer. Can't believe I had to look up how to do that. I run Windows ffs.
Ephesians 1.
*** For a kiddo who grew up with the sounds of music like this blarin' from teenage radios and carpool drives long before I could even fathom the fact that someday I'd possess thousands of sound artyfacts let alone a few platter here 'n there, these recordings positively fit into my perhaps preconceived notions of what power pop had been and should surely remain. And although the genre certainly has lived on (I recall writing about a comparatively recent act called Morgan Taylor's Rock Group in the lastest issue of my very own fanzine) it ain't like it's as prevalent as it once was a good thirty years back when we were all younger, a whole lot more innocent and certainly stupider than we are now.
In my experience, this is often the hallmark of a writer who is weak when it comes to characters and even plotting. How can I tell? He begins with his strength…lots of intricate details about a painstakingly crafted world. Although not set in stone, generally, if the author dumps a huge chunk of information at the start of the book, then he is likely to use this tactic throughout.
Most of the questions in the book are answered within 2-4 pages. The supposed contradiction/problem is stated, the answer/solution is given and the chapter is concluded. The answers are clear and the text of Scripture is given the highest respect in regards to its inerrancy. Most of the answers are helpful though some may not be fully convinced of the particular answers given and may want to study further for more satisfactory answers.
Willie Mitchell - Trumpet
Bee Mask, From a Will-Less Gigolo of a Divinity to the Gore-Spattered Lion on His Own Hearth, Odysseus Becomes “Odysseus” (c22).
Ian Dury died on 27 March 2000. New Boots and Panties has always been one of my favourite albums - one of those rare 'don't skip a track' ones - and so it seemed only right to go and pay my respects when my good friend Ivan suggested we attend the tribute concert.
Studies show that around 22 percent of people with chronic pain become depressed and 25 percent go on to lose their jobs.
Unnatural death can be Avoided by Marrying Your Right Match by
His freewheeling, somewhat defiant attitude seems to have a struck a chord with his young, urbanite fan base who flock to the store in London’s Dulwich neighborhood. And what of colors that are making people happy at the moment? Ironically, bluish-gray paints are the bestsellers. Simon pontificates on that, “I suppose if you think about it, gray is actually the most colorful color, if you throw all of the colors together you end up with gray. Funny that we always see brighter colors as being more valuable, which is quite odd.”
So I’m saying, “Hey, you guys, why don’t you end poverty and stop environmental destruction?”
I wondered what my purpose was. What was calling me to service? I also began to unearth what I loved to do. Most of my revelations were what I already knew. I held it in a new light. I realized that these things I did well, like understanding others concerns, seeing the truth of a situation, and clearly communicating were not fully developed.
Yes, they were, but I have to stress that although I was inspired by my travels in the West, I had no intention of copying the geography literally, or setting my stories specifically there. If I wanted a mountain or a gulch in my story, I put it where I needed it. But I did see a great, profound gulch (in New Mexico), red rocks (in Colorado), and stone arches (Utah). There were indeed rainstorms where the water ran red. Still, I insist that the stories could take place in many places: Turkey, Africa, Asia, Europe. You may remember how Zan confronted a snake. Well, it was a rattlesnake until I realized that that species only lives in North America; so I took it out, and turned it into a hissing variety. I didn't want to glue myself to North America. Too bad, really. I liked Zan being frightened by the sound of a rattle because he immediately knew what it was.
'Boots,' the Giant said.You have to love a book that references the city you were born in such a way. I'm not sure if this information will protect me from cannibals but I suppose I'm an acquired taste.
Anyway, I’m excited to play tetras in my driveway in a few days. I’ve got plenty to do this weekend and only one more day of work, here in Sac. At least I get a week off (and more if I need it) so hopefully I can recoup from all this madness after we get there.
"They tend to experience alienation from their own value systems and the main reason for this is because they had great expectations of the new South Africa and these expectations are not being met.
Safety System with AirShockTM Technology and our Patented Triple-Fail-SafeTM Enclosure. A dramatic improvement in safety and play performance over conventional trampolines! The AlleyOop Sports line of trampolines combines superior quality throughout with the most advanced safety engineering to create the world’s best backyard trampoline systems.
I’m not saying you have to be perfect 100% of the time, just 80%. You get to enjoy your favorites 20% of the time. Life is short and we need to enjoy it, however, we don’t need to be the cause of shortening it or causing a lack of quality by adding to our own poor health.
Now I know that breaking in a pair of shoes isn’t exactly a recognised sport (yet), but as Cher from Clueless once proved, breaking in one’s shoes (or purple clogs to be exact) isn’t an easy feat.
Once purchased and taken home, they will try the outfit on, look at themselves in the mirror and not get a sense of self. It is here where friction is felt.
I think this can mean different things for different publishers. It can sometimes apply to the style of writing, or genre and that what you’ve written is not fitting with what that publisher is currently publishing or looking for. It might even mean that your seven book arc doesn’t fit with the list because they are already supporting a lot of series.
Margaret Mitchell had Gone with the Wind returned to her 38 times. Now that's perseverance.
I’ll be keeping the video card and terabyte HDD from my current machine. Everything else goes. I have included a new monitor in my plans, but that’s optional.
No doubt about it when you put a tool like a computer and the internet in the hands of the public you had better watch real carefully what happens.
Added to that was the failed meme of "Democrats stink at national defense," and you have pretty much the whole GOP strategy since 9/11/01, up to and including Dick Cheney's implication that if we didn't vote GOP in 2004, we'd all die in terrorist attacks.
- 6″ x 8″ x 2″ 15 x 21 x 5 cm
“Oh yer should, should yer?” she huffed. “That clownin’ ninny makes faces at me when he passes by t’other day. Makes funna ol’ Ma Hibberd, he does, when she’s attendin’ to her daily duties. So I gives ‘im the evil eye and says I’m puttin’ a hex on ‘im. There’s no turnin’ back now.”
Albuquerque by Eric Hisaw
Hello:
Ayahuasca’s research have been done in Brasil. Other hallucinogens research has been done in the US.
Most days I’m good. But then there are those other days, the ones where my feet burn for 12 hours straight and I can’t focus and I think about doing this for another 60 years and I, well, I break down.
The accusations were made in a legal motion in which Mr. Zhao also asked the bankruptcy judge overseeing the Beacon Power case to convert it from a Chapter 11 reorganization to a Chapter 7 liquidation under the federal bankruptcy code.
During a recent trip to Taiwan, I was struck by the fact that virtually every taxi had a live TV connection on the dashboard. For someone unfamiliar with the streets of Taipei, perhaps the only thing that could make getting around more harrowing was thinking the driver might be watching CNN International instead of the road.
Return Transport:
Shortly thereafter, Borsten notifies Brolin of Jonah's location and Brolin takes his men out to capture Hex.
as it pleases you and him,
After spending some quality time with him in December last year I came home so inspired by his work ethic, his generosity and his passion for what he does. Being around him made me see that if you really want something bad enough you never ever give up – you put in all the effort required plus more and never lose sight of your dream – you only work harder to achieve it. I run my own PT business – it’s a tough gig and there are days where I could easily throw it in – but it’s my passion – it’s what I am going to be doing for the rest of my life and on those days when I think I want to give up I remember – things that are the hardest to achieve are also the most rewarding – he is my proof of this…
LaShawn – Just to go out and continue to work hard and enjoy what I do. That’s the main thing. If I can continue to go out and compete well, then everything will come if I just go out and do what I do. So I want more medals and just go out and have fun with this talent I’ve been blessed with. And note to myself that track and field is not a sport where you can last that long in it. So there’s a time where I will have to focus on what to do after track and I’m starting to think about that now too.
Seriously, I can’t wait to meet everyone. And yes, I know I’ve been absent a lot lately and keep pretending that I’ll announce all the new stuff, but this time I really mean it. Everything should be revealed within the next week or two.
It's also nice to have a clean rag handy to clean up any excess. You just keep doing this till the whole wall is done! It's very time consuming and hurts your hands like crazy! You might be muttering some not so nice words by the end or have to drag your poor husband in to help finish the job like I did.
But here's something else from the real me. I know not many people know it, and if I do say so myself, I hide it pretty well, but I do have a heart.
I take it that p.j. = nina.
Actually, I don’t pay much interest on the local football. But I never see any attention on the Indonesian football – especially the support, enthusiasm and pride showed by the Indonesian people to their national team – is as enormous as nowadays. A lot of people whom I know is never fond of football became aware on who shall be starting on the pitch and who should warm the bench. Not to mention about the attention of the media, I can’t remember the last time an Indonesian footballer graced the cover of gossip tabloids. Meanwhile the official Indonesia national team jersey was out of stock in stores. And having some of their names as trending topic on Twitter? Aw, that’s just wow! Well, it was the 2010 AFF Cup which attracted such euphoria, a biennial football tournament between nations in the Southeast Asia region. The tournament which marked 14 years gap since Widodo’s goal. While he is still in the Indonesia national team now acting as an assistant coach, yet my pride isn’t there anymore.
I missed the parade on Saturday morning, since it, unfortunately, coincided with my fun new weekend ritual of coffee and a timed, full-length LSAT. After battering my left brain with logic, it was time to give my right brain a little exercise too. So, I met up with my mom and spent the afternoon winding through the art stalls. We now own three quirky, found object, metal goats, each acquired at different Sweet Peas. To check out the artists click here.
Starting off in Paris makes perfect sense if you are travelling from a distance. Where better to acclimatise and 'Frenchify'? Three or four days in Paris (of course longer is always better) cures a case of jet lag, warms the camera up and makes everything pretty well right in the world. The easiest way to Provence form Paris is via fast train, TGV. Driving is long and unless you have months to spend your time will be spent on the autoroute worrying about speed cameras and lurking gendarmes.
Burwash
This first piece stood (and still stands) in front of our old house in Orkney. It was made in situ in slate by artist and friend Callum Whitelaw who lived in Orkney at the time. In addition to it's height a hose was built into the sculpture so that water could ripple down the structure, changing the colour of the slate and catching the light. If I could have put this on a pallet and brought it with us to our new garden I would have.
"You are absolutely beautiful, you look like a Mary Heilmann wrapped in a Judy Pfaff!"
Over the next couple of weeks expect to see a few reviews of their beer range!
Running water never grows stale.
Rory Staunton, a beautiful boy, leaves this earth. The hardest column I will ever have to write
07. Dead End Street/Til The End Of The Day
We see wimps like “Sleep Train” folds like a cheap suit in Rev. Wright’s Racist Church. Is “Sleep Train” an evil corporation, and will the Marxists in the Occupy Movement attack them now? How can so many Americans fold under Political Correctness when we see the damage it has done? Can you say Barrack Hussein Obama? Look at Andrew Breitbart and his recent passing. I will bring him up again, as he fought Marxism till the bitter end.
Different shade of sunshine, the same old rhymes?
As such, the U.S. military and its coalition partners have been waging a war against a civilian population, allegedly in pursuit of what remains of a leaderless and powerless band of potential terrorists affiliated with the group accused (but never charged, tried or convicted) of planning and executing the 9/11 attacks.
Recently, Helen asked me to make cookies again, this time for a bridal shower she was planning for her friend. She initially wanted "I" and "I" cookies (for Irene and Ivan), but after I saw their wedding website, which had a floral theme, I sent Helen a picture of my flower cookies which I had just made for a friend's daughter's birthday party. We decided that I would do half of them flower cookies, and half of them "I" cookies, in the bride's color scheme of vintage pink, cream, and yellow.
and they will catch them.
To have no money is,
Without a doubt, 'full of wonderful' describes the day beautifully.
To foster brand loyalty some businesses are offering specials for the mayor of the venues. Recently I received a USB-stick for becoming the major of a computer shop.
Did I do that right? (ARGH! My brain’s inability to process numbers is truly embarrassing.)
220) boy cousins splashing, happy, wild and free in the pool
1 C cream
X-RAY LADY: Yes, but…
I think that I've done pretty well holding it together during my pregnancy. I've been know to be the "crier" of the group and according to my husband a bit "overly emotional". For the most part, I have been rather even keel.
It was still in the plastic.
Sweet Christmas – Shonen Knife
I Will also be starting a crowd funding campaign to see if I can get a little bit of financial support for part 2 of The Halsteadarian (mainly so I can pay actors expenses and get some new costumes, as I think I can get access to facilities and equipment in kind) I’ve seen quite a lot of good projects try crowd funding and fail epically so I’m not expecting much or anything at all, but that’s no reason to not give it a go, and besides I will have part 1 to encourage those that enjoyed it to help create the next part, well that’s the plan anyway, of course that is if anyone enjoys it lol!
Lo and behold, I understood it. Not every sentence mind you, but I understood the author's argument and his central purpose. I was amazed, not in small measure because of the fact that not only was I understanding the text, but I was understanding it even while getting up every six minutes to fulfill a kid request (another scone, more smoothie, better straw, wet paper towel, please).
I almost wrote another post the other day, and then -for the reasons above- decided not to. I'd found myself thinking how much better it would be if we all had two heads. I'm not just talking about appearances here (although it is the case that it would great if one could be a hippy and a skinhead at the same time). I'm sure as a species we'd be far more reflective if we had to discuss everything we did with a second self. And we'd never be lonely.
Tera Myers, 38, was put on administrative leave at Parkway North High School this week after a student inquired about pornographic films Myers starred in during the 1990s.
inhaled deep into the dark recesses of my body and soul
Not the love
9. The Power of the Heart 6:40
Prep2eat will continue to inspire home cooks to prepare healthy, nutritious meals along with special tasty treats. Why cook at home? You have control over the quality of the food you purchase and monitor the prices of products and produce you buy for your consumption. It is a win-win solution for you and your family: daily meals are cooked with your choices and you save money by eating-in, rather than eating-out. No paying another person to prepare your food and tip them for doing so! What quality food are they preparing for you? At home, cooking extra portions allows for lunches or no-cook dinners on busy nights. With cooking-in during the week you probably will be able to enjoy a dinner out on a special occasion. But, you might just find that you enjoy your cooking better, like I do :) I can treat myself very well with fresh food here in my home.
A week or so before the book was released, there was chatter on Twitter about how the ending was SO BAD. And I can only imagine they were talking about Sookie using the cluviel dor to save Sam, rather than to magic away Eric’s marriage contract with Freyda. I have to hope that they didn’t realize the context, that Sam was going to die. Because if you would have had Sookie let Sam die in order to get Eric off the hook with Freyda, I don’t want to be your friend.
Nor in a place of paradise
As Ephesians 1:3 says, “How blessed is God! And what a blessing he is! He's the Father of our Master, Jesus Christ, and takes us to the high places of blessing in him. Long before he laid down earth's foundations, he had us in mind, had settled on us as the focus of his love, to be made whole and holy by his love. Long, long ago he decided to adopt us into his family through Jesus Christ. (What pleasure he took in planning this!) He wanted us to enter into the celebration of his lavish gift-giving by the hand of his beloved Son” (The Message).
Norm gets one star bullet so it of course covers his big '61. He was drafted by the Bears in the 13th round but opted for the Sox instead.
for her new arrival.
05. Little Meeky & Daddy Meeky - Engagement
A simple methodology to “frame” the product line portfolio analysis can be summarized in three steps:
I guess, all in all, the bench cost about $60 and a little bit of work. I think it's cute and it gives a bit of storage!
He reached the engineering deck while whistling a difficult arpeggio pattern he had perfected in his seven years in space. Perusing the console for issues, he practiced alternating notes in octaves. After verifying all lights were green, the captain headed for the life support systems.
Does Christian Bale count? He's kind of like a bat...
Having just gone through such a revamp with this blog, I offer this list of the top 10 complaints about a newspaper redesign.
-dairy products which become harder to digest as a result of less enzyme lactase
Okay, its color may not have totally convinced you of its healing powers, but its nutritional value will. Switch up your mayo or ketchup for mustard and you’re looking at zero calories, zero fat and only 55mg of sodium. Get yourself some honey mustard and you’re only consuming 10 calories per serving. Keep all the flavor, but lose that inner thigh fat you’ve been putting on since the breakup. You’ll feel better, look better and have more energy in the long run. This is a time when you should be concentrating on you and what you need. Making tiny adjustments to your diet will add some control to your life, while other aspects seem out-of-control, i.e. your emotions.
Traveling Mercies: Some Thoughts on Faith by Anne Lamott
After a few seconds another yellow spotlight is lit and it is focused on the center of the stage. At the center of the stage is a religious altar dedicated to the god Azlah. The altar is a small dark brown wooden table. At the center of the altar, there are five deformed candles and a separate ball of wax. After a few seconds, General Najiya enters. He stands at the part of the stage farthest from the audience. A dim red light is lit, but it is not focused on the General. The light is positioned in such a way that it only shows the General’s silhouette. The general walks into the red light. He notices the deformed candles. The red light follows him as he walks toward the altar. He takes the ball of wax and examines it while horror fills his eyes.)
and oh! how it can paralyse you
Ryann and Christopher had a little daddy/daughter breakfast date while I tackled a ten mile long run with Jill. I think breakfast would have been a little more fun, but I survived the run :o). I was craving some sun dried tomato basil hummus, so a trip to Trader Joe's was in order. And Sunday evening I satisfied another craving (thanks to Amy instagramming a million fro yo pics) with a fro yo trip with friends. I may have gone a little crazy with the candy, but tried to justify it with the fact that I'd run 10 miles that morning.
…It’s a tie. Sadly, there are two recent stories that show just how unfit a parent can be…
"To good health".
know I have a lot to learn.
Kindle or physical book?
Here is yet another installment of Monday Musings, where I share just about anything that comes to mind... whether you're prepared for the facts or not.
Somehow, I got it in my mind that everyone perceived cunt the way I did: as a (formerly) hateful word that shouldn’t be used. Period. It didn’t even cross my mind that some people, especially women, wouldn’t be offended if some asshole called them a cunt.
Yay! And what a different experience...I sewed something I loved from start to finish and it fits. This must be what those really productive people feel like. Here's a full body shot, but I cut my head off in every one. Sorry, my tripod is AWOL, so I was using a chair. :)
4. CHANEL Allure- CHANEL Allure EDT is clean and sheer, warm and sexy. Allure is a perfume whose facets interact like a fragrant diamond, intensifying each other as they unfold, like the notes of an harmonious melody. True allure arises from simplicity. A lack of contrivance. Allure is a fragrance that evokes each woman’s own very special allure.
At the last minute I decided to bake my neighbors cookies for Christmas. This year I made chocolate thumbprint cookies w/strawberry jelly, caramel pecan bars, shortbread cookies w/ chocolate centers, chocolate chip cookies, and Santa whiskers. I surely hope my neighbors enjoyed these yummy treats, because it was extremely hard getting everything done with Guppy on my hip.
Ted rolls his eyes, "When you have finished trying to be witty can you and Jamie come through to the meeting room I need a word."
Yes, I’m doing that. However, holisitic baking can also include non-vegan desserts using ‘happy’ eggs, high quality dairy products and the likes. The way we should eat, right?
· Maintains an adequate knowledge level of key business areas that are critical for effective analysis of requirements and associated solutions.
The one that sounds great
– Love, Megan, nerd extraordinaire.
And I guess that led to my decision to want to study abroad in the first place. From day one that I have been attending the UW, the idea of studying abroad was always a constant. I knew I wanted to study abroad my junior year of college and when the time rolled around, I went right to it! My decision to specifically study abroad in Hong Kong came when I realized that I wanted to rediscover my roots, to be immersed in the place where my family was born and immigrated from. I knew I wanted to study somewhere in Asia and I guess you can call it fate that the UW had an exchange program with CUHK!
Have a great weekend Dear Readers.
But in fact my science background played very little part in the development and writing of Bitter Seeds. The story is purely fantastical. Writing is my escape, and if I started writing a novel rooted in rigorous science, it would feel like I was taking my work home with me. Although I couldn't resist working just a little bit of real-world physics into the plot.
"You remember the old sea stories of the king's navy when every ship's magazine was served by powder monkeys. Well, the new magazine started and served by Chicago flappers reminds us some how of the powder monkeys." Keith Preston, in Chicago Daily News
Finally, Labour have all but bankrupted Britain:
Vengeful people set out to find the Benders, but it seemed that they vanished into thin air, never to be seen again. Are they perhaps part of the ghostly apparitions that appear at the site of the grisly murders? Or are those just the lost souls that have yet to be found?
Financial experts sometimes say that filing bankruptcy is one the north dakota authors in North Dakota Heritage Center is located in Bismarck and the north dakota authors on board and it was introduced into the north dakota authors a lot to look out for yourself when shopping for a special place to take the north dakota authors to get out, meet some new people, make friend and increase your potential, and establish your profile suited to work as a nearly unrivaled pheasant hunting destination; only it's neighbor beats it; South Dakota and Montana. The state seems to have telephones. From 1917 to 1919 an insane asylum escapee hid around the north dakota authors in which North Dakota increases its strong job outlook is through agricultural jobs. As its positions stem from such a highly-productive, agricultural state, North Dakota consists of the north dakota authors, the north dakota authors from 5.250 percent to 6.625 percent, a mortgage refinance after bankruptcy is one the north dakota authors in North America, look no further then The Prairie Knights Casino, owned by the massage therapy studios.
The exact TASTE, the exact FLAVOR, the exact COMBINATION !
months later i get an email from one of the organizers inviting me to see some photos that i thought were from the reunion. (you do see where this is going, right?) ok, so, yeah, i do it, after a couple of clicks declining to send a note to everyone i ever knew, i hit cancel and thought no more about it. then i get an email from my high school pal apologizing for the "tagged" requests i'd (along with a gazillion other people in her adressbook) been getting. so after that, every time i saw a tagged email, i deleted it without opening. yesterday, guess what pops up in the mail? subject line: ***** (they used my my real name), is this your photo? whatever, i hit delete and thought no more about it. well, guess what? it was a photo from OUR iphotos library! yep, the MITM opened it and saw one of our trip photos! holy moley, right? how did that happen? i googled "tagged" to see wtf was going on and how it could have happened. the following is just ONE of the answers i found:
The Sapphire Eyes
Simultaneously this past week I've been thinking about being stuck. About being unable to go any further, finding oneself in a rut, or just being afraid of moving into new areas of growth and healing. I believe that God wants to see us whole and living our best life, and I believe that when two or more gather and ask for that wholeness, He will provide.
I awoke in a cold sweat. Not that of fear for the incipient exams but that of emerging man flu. Actually it was ordinary flu and Lemsip and kitchen heat soon dispelled the original achy feelings and by lunchtime I had achieved a complete, if miraculous, recovery. Not that the exams aren't important but they are on Friday and Thursday evening still leaves plenty of panic time.
I still think he looks really dumb with it, but he’s 17 & one day he will grow up, have children (and probably no hair at all!) and I will bring out these photos & we will all have a really good laugh!!
Smoked Turkey and Bok Choy
“Under a Dusun tradition it is a serious offence to even make a small mark on someone’s house pillar. What more to torch down a whole house,” said Mohigal.
I am beyond excited that summer produce season will be upon us before long. Cherries, peaches, watermelon, corn, tomatoes, eggplant...I could go on and on talking about the fruits and veggies I'm looking forward to eating over the next few months. Above all else though, summer berries - specifically blueberries, strawberries and raspberries (in that order) - are my favorite. Sweet and juicy, and at their peak, requiring nothing more than a simple wash before they can be enjoyed. This year I want to head to local farms and pick a ton, stashing as many as possible in my freezer for the long winter months. Blueberry picking season doesn't start until July here, but I've been seeing Florida berries in our stores for the past few weeks and haven't been able to resist picking up a few pints. They were so good I ate many of them as is, but I did save a single pint for baking.
Mark Morris – Immortal
"Ow, I just fell and hurt the crack in my butt!"
I Live
Swiffer SweeperVac Starter Kit $5/1
Let cool completely before serving.
This case (and the many other seizures of valuable ships and cargoes) should be compared with that of Paul and Rachel Chandler, a retired couple in their late 50s, who were seized near the Seychelles in October 2009 while sailing their yacht round the world. Despite calls on the British government to intervene, it was a friendly UK-based Somali taxi driver, Dahir Kadiye, who in the end negotiated a ransom payment (much smaller than originally claimed) to secure their release. (Perhaps he should now be given a job with the big cheeses in the shipping and insurance world.)
There are some days where I feel like I carry our entire house in my diaper bag because Hannah is always shoving toys in it...but most days, I just carry the basics.
Spinach & Egg Strata
Your own unique gift
Domnino's is playing on a couple of false premises in order eke out the tiniest shred of credulity with the SubMart campaign. The first being that people who work in a restaurant are so undyingly, unswervingly, unwaveringly loyal, they would never consider eating somewhere else, as if food-service employees are members of a hive mind, hatched in the walk-in cooler and living out their entire lives as drones, existing only for the survival of the store. The reality is a complete 180, wherein employees of, say, a Baskin Robbins dry-heave themselves into comas at the mere suggestion of sprinkles decades after they worked there.
And I told husband "I can't handle another serving" so we will be having roasted flesh on the grill for Christmas after all.
Novellas: 2
Still love the concept of a peace table, but sometimes, when you are out and about, say at the pool, there will not be a peace table handy.
3. Debacle: a general breakup or dispersion; sudden downfall or rout.
There is the wind sock; it is fully extended and whipping in the wet wind. Yep, about forty degrees from the left.
I watched him pack up his belongings for the trip home in silence with even more tears streaming down my face. (When will those dry up, BTW?)
Corey: Was it about me laughing at your Gucci wallet?
This is Domino, and is a new arrival. I have worked with this pony during a riding lesson with a boy on him that has cerebral palsy. He is the most wonderful pony, with a great temperament and is perfect for the RDA centre. The child in the picture won a rosette on him... well done!
I now adore the Rev. Gomes. But he passed away last year. Nonetheless, students restarted the tradition last fall, and this story is full of students and faculty commenting on the revelatory aspects of these simple gatherings — "a real appreciation for the importance of social interaction and the preservation of communities," "hospitality in its purest form" and, indeed, "We don’t have anything like this in our culture."
Unraveling the CSA Number Conundrum
I have a quick card to show you! Some of you may know that I am the oldest of 9 children. Yes. 9. It's so much fun! But I digress...my three youngest sisters (16, 11, and 9) are all taking part in the upcoming high school musical. My 16 year old sister is Cinderella, my 11 year old sister is in the chorus, and my 9 year old sister is playing Cinderella as a child. SO incredibly happy for all of them! :) So, I decided to make each of them a good luck card. :)
Bearing I his right paw the Shovel
Shall I describe my fever? Horrible. Everywhere aching. I thought my head was about to explode. I wanted to cry and have someone shoot me it was so bad. I had chills and fever so bad that I would wake up drenched in sweat. It's no fun having to find clothes when you're so weak and dizzy that simply getting out of bed is an ordeal.
be entered into my giveaway ~
When teenager Miriam wakes up in the hospital, her face is in agony–and she cannot remember what happened to put her there. However, as the days pass, she recalls the event that caused the severe burns. But the ordeal is only beginning. How can Miriam face the world with disfiguring scarring at an age when appearance means so much? An uplifting story of fortunate happenings, faith, and hope.
It is a scandal of unprecedented proportion when one of the most prominent figures in our community, a man who claims to speak on our behalf, publicly challenges the historicity of another community’s genocide. Foxman’s ADL no longer represents the interests of the Jewish community. In fact, it seems the only interests it represents are its own.
We are in a battle with the powers of darkness and Paul faced it at every turn by putting on the whole armour of God. The temptation is to abstain from such confrontation but in doing that, there is no crown of righteousness. That was why Paul knew that he was ready to meet the Lord in glory. He truly had kept the faith in every aspect of it. That is why he loved His appearing. The same joyous anticipation belongs to every true believer who “loves His appearing.”
Dedicated to the mysterious and controversial St. Barbara, Roussanou is currently the home of thirteen nuns. I add this fact because, St. Barbara, removed from the liturgical calendar in 1969 as a probable myth, is one of the fabled Fourteen Holy Helpers, gifted with power over lightning, fever and sudden death. Interesting that thirteen wait upon the pinnacle of Roussanou in reverence to the missing fourteenth. I’m sure there is no connection.
Aston Villa - £42,104,709
I started PT yesterday and they said I was a little behind in recovery so I'm a bit dissapointed that I won't be able to hit or serve overhand by volleyball season. We will see.
It's just different. And if we take the time to rephrase our thoughts, we might find that we aren't stepping backwards, but maybe into something even better :) (Or that super cheesy comment could be the result of watching too much of the Voice this evening.)
Building Your Business
I didn't make my topiary as beautifully lacy and glittery as Rosemary's,
Targeted: The target of the plot was the Brecksville-Northfield High Level Bridge, which carries a four-lane highway over part of the Cuyahoga Valley National Park in the Brecksville area, about 15 miles south of downtown Cleveland
And for my second daughter, a zoo and water park.
Dressing Ingredients:
(1) Wags Hunts Q
Now I want to move on to the Summation Index. Note that it too rolled over in early February 2012. It went from an extremely overbought +4000 reading and has now come down quite a bit suggesting that the market has been correcting internally since early-February. The 15 day EMA remains above zero which is bullish (below consistently is bearish and would imply a larger correction).
Some of this will be relatively easy - I can set up a private forum that would suit the needs of the group. Some will be harder - deciding on wording is never easy in a group, and verifying licensees before allowing them access would have to be carefully thought out. To begin with there will be no subs - an atmosphere of support and donation would have to suffice, mainly that most expensive commodity - time. But as the group grows, it may be suggested that a small annual fee could help us spread our message more effectively. But as with everything, it would have to pass the majority test first.
But even as I looked around the room, I still got a glimpse of a student holding a newspaper. I took a huge bite of my sandwich and stood up.
The last time a similar number of UK casualties was caused by improvised explosive devices (IEDs) was in the summer of 2009, when five British soldiers died in an IED blast.
When they fall in love the odds are against them, but the opposition they encounter draws them closer than any love more easily won - and the bond between them is stronger,more durable than the one between mere friends and lovers..."
~ analysing myself is not my favourite thing to do.
“As a community we need to work to ensure events like this never happen again,” he said.
The Feast of Tabernacles can be described in two ways. Can you describe them? (The Feast of Tabernacles (or Booths) might be likened to a celebration at the harvest. The celebration begins with a sabbath of a solemn assembly and is marked by the people living in booths or tabernacles.)
200ml water
But cheer up, things might eventually get better. In the now not-to-distant future, we might be eligible for foreign aid, and there’ll be calls for land reform and breaking up the big latifundos. It’ll be five acres and a mule for the landless peasants of America, and calls to import machinery from Indonesia to rebuild some of our basic industries. And through it all we’ll keep saluting the flag,watching Vannah sashay across the stage flipping over the letters on "Wheel of Fortune", and remain true believers in Darwinian Capitalism.
Eventually I gave in to technology, what with it doing auto spell checks and grammar checks. But alas! it wasn’t worth it. I will probably be receiving notices from lawyers in the near future for some of the hateful messages I sent out to the creators and manufacturers of these evil devices. I must point out that I do regret sending those mails, In hindsight I should have probably written a letter(you know those old types, written on a parchment) to emphasize my hate and the disappointment their dastardly creation has implanted in me.
The other puzzling aspect of this case is that the wife supposedly endured 21 years of a sexless marriage before deciding to call it a day. That’s a hell of a long time to realise that something is amiss in your relationship. It makes me wonder whether she was really celibate for all those years. Most wives in her situation would invite their tennis instructor home to practice his serve-and-volley, soon to be followed by the postman, the plumber and the hard-hatted workman with a tool belt.
Speaking at the Community Engagement Programme (CEP) dialogue on Saturday morning, Deputy Prime Minister Teo Chee Hean said Singapore needs to pay extra attention to facilitating the new immigrants who are ready to sink roots here, so that they integrate into society more quickly.
Mom will be back this week doing the more typical blog thing so we hope you'll visit again soon! Bye for now!
-I grabbed the pattern from the one my sister gave me, but she found it online.
And now, onwards and upwards for 2012!
Their quest to find the helm of darkness before Hades can wreak havoc on the world takes Libby and Ares on more twists and turns through heaven, hell, and earth than the proverbial roller coaster. Through it all, Locey kept me laughing much, and crying sometimes. Peopled with a cast of characters both mortal and immortal, human and animal—including a fearless/fearful mortal beagle, an emissary-from-the-gods owl who insists on entering and exiting houses through closed doors and windows, and a gay minotaur who falls in love with Libby’s bull–Of Gods and Goats was a trip I’m so glad I took. I can barely wait a whole ‘nother year for the next installment in the series to see what new adventures await Libby, Ares, and their menagerie.
'Poured into the eye over a period of time, it could cause serious damage to both the cornea and the sclera, the white of the eye.'
Our winter plantings haven't been too successful, we have a bit of broccoli but that is all, I don't know if that is the wet or the cold winter we have had. The snow peas have finally started to flower so they should start to fruit soon.
Don't try and cut before baking or they will bake to different sizes and not match up when it comes to putting the pinata together.
Bonaly
Tailoring the meta data of a website for seo is usually a profitable endeavor. Meta tags are certainly not usually visible to readers, nonetheless content is thoroughly checked by search engines like google. That is a great area to bring along with salient keywords your website owner really wants to escort their own site.
I.C.M: Aren't you going to be bored with all these books?
C01 Lovely Sinner
Wednesday 7th December 12.30-1.15
And lose, and start again at your beginnings
This Rasa’il Ikwan al Safa’ comprise fifty-two epistles, offering synoptic accounts of the classical sciences and philosophies of the age. Divided into four classificatory parts, they treat themes in mathematics, logic, natural philosophy, psychology, metaphysics, and theology, in addition to didactic fables.
How will it taste? Good question!
This year’s draft was of historic proportions. It was the fifth draft that a quarterback was taken with the first overall pick and second; Stanford’s Andrew Luck and Baylor’s Robert Griffin III respectively. This year has the most trades in the first round with eight, since the 2008 NFL Draft.
The Finance Ministry, which had first mooted the proposal of generating and issuing biometric PAN in 2006, had kept the decision pending for sometime as it was felt that both the agencies (UIDAI and I-T Department) would be “duplicating the effort” to reach a common goal — biometrics-based identity.
10. Echoes
I wanted the kids to leave there knowing the amazing love of their Savior, instead they left wondering about Santa. And of course within 10 minutes, I had an irate parent rebuking me for my ignorance. Shaming me for what I did. Informing me that though her daughter loved coming to Kids Club, she would never be allowed to return.
Flourish Stamp by Stampin Up
and get a FREE Disney Water Park or DisneyQuest Ticket for each person in your party.
REPOST : “TOP GEAR FESTIVAL COMES TO DURBAN”
I stuck with it this time and I actually found it to grow on me!
some hard truths........ but good stuff!!
Me: Again, thanks Ron. That narrows it down yet again.
Has the TTP threat in Pakistan limited if not completely eliminated? Wasn’t the TTP forced to shift their base into Afghanistan which was earlier operating from South Waziristan? Has the ISI not flushed out hundreds of CIA agents who were issued visas by the incumbent government without mandatory ISI-approval? Did ISI men not chase down Raymond Davis and forced him to act in panic mode? Is the US campaign in Afghanistan a success? Is ISI providing the same post-9/11 services & support to CIA?
Adult Romance Ebook: How To Cuddle
Xuan also expressed his anger and disappointment at the lack of help from train staff and other passengers.
