and a quick 15 second video of my singing the song we sing to True every single morning. he loves it. there are more verses but i'll spare you:) and please, please, pardon my singing. he laughs like this all day long especially when we sing to him or when we turn on the music (which means it's always on nowadays) or when we show him a book (he seems to love the illustrations) or when we look him in the eye and talk baby talk. this kid is happy. and my heart heals everyday from the joy. nine weeks old....
I hope you will have time to join in with our new challenge and visit the Ribbon Girl online store - we're always adding new products and are happy to send tiny samples if you need to match up a colour or lace pattern.
Pam's Girly Bits is another franken polish endeavour that I hope turns in to a full fledged indie brand like Cult Nails. Pam has just brought out 3 new shades & I believe she is also releasing a new collection in January!! For more info & to find out how to order click *here*
Thursday, 5/31: Grilled local sausage and peppers
He decided to try a few of the airlines slogans to find out which airline she represented.
This was from the episode where Scooby was to inherit a share of some guy's fortune. But first, he and the gang had to spend a night in the old family mansion (complete with two green laughing phantoms.) I love how this pic combines the house on an island motif with the house built precariously close to the edge of a cliff. Below is the start of my design.
Key Recipe Components:
Brodsky: “What is the mayor’s legal authority to assign revenues in a PILOT?”
You say (with zeal!), I’m sorry. I repent. It won’t happen again.
1b) 3 X ME Strict C2B Pullups – rest 60 sec.
too big, too talented, and/or too clean = 50,000
paramkaur asked, do you agree that self-assessment practices should be encouraged by organisations to make the assessment perfect?
They were not kids, these were seasoned professional musicians, all had extensive recording experience in the R&B field and felt the oncoming onslaught of rock'n'roll. Starkes knew a tight, pro rock'n'roll band could find steady work, and maybe even a hit record. The first they found in abundance, the latter alluded them for the ten years that they existed. Formed in Philadelphia, they eventually were based in Hartford, Connecticut, with extended stays in Montreal, Quebec (where it seems Harry Van Walls settled in to form his own band) and the Jersey Shore, although they were booked almost constantly up and down the eastern seaboard. They went through the usual dozens of personal changes, Starkes and Mel Smith being the constant members. They received almost no press coverage then or now and facts are hard to come by. No one thought it important to interview Doc Starkes, or Mel Smith. Crafton and Van Walls careers were covered, the former on the liner notes to the Krazy Kat re-issue LP of his Gotham sides, the latter in the old Wine Women and Whiskey R&B zine. What we have to tell the story are the discs they left behind.
Gregory: he could be if he were named
Instead of cookies Bella and I made beer bread just in time for dinner. Banana bread sounded great for dessert and we could have used up the overriped bananas, but I forgot we already used up all the eggs for lunch. My shopping list is growing with all the things we ran out the last few days or are about to. I guess after three days I have to leave the house again and get into town.
Her demeanor is another matter. She seems insistent on performing an activity that draws attention, in a semi-public place no less, yet is indignant at being watched. She wears bright orange. Her observers are benign. Their curiosity, understandable. Blue describes a woman who views society as a puzzle of fragments, trying to figure out how they draw together, but on-screen, I saw someone less tolerant and less curious than that. A woman unwilling to adapt, and indignant at the suggestion she might.
Karissa and I are certainly very lucky to have gotten to know so many great people. And in the same way, our guests visit us from all over, and also bring their interesting stories and characters to the Azul adventure. In fact some have even been known to get so comfortable that they stay on as staff.
I just have to say something to you …
The wood was 4 $ per piece and I had the stain and paint was left over from previous projects.
In part two of this article, the private cloud and Microsoft’s opinion on the future of “The Post Virtualisation Era” will be covered.
"Diallo," I said.
I graduated from the University of Richmond in 2009 with degrees in International Studies and French, as well as minor in Environmental Studies. I've worked for a non-profit called Createhere, a startup called Internmatch, and a fund of hedge funds. I've traveled extensively throughout Europe and North America and recently returned from a 16,000 mile research expedition around the U.S. perimeter.
“Certain bodies…become luminous when heated. Their luminosity disappears after some time, but the capacity of becoming luminous afresh through heat is restored to them by the action of a spark, and also by the action of radium.”
I'm going to cherish my 5 days off, surrounded by family and friends, with plans for a family roast dinner, a barbecue with friends and a fun outing or 2 for the kids.
Isn’t it amazing that we should learn about this incident from a newspaper in a country with a long and continuing record of muzzling truth? We would almost certainly still be in the dark were it not for Kommersant. Though we pride ourselves on living in a free country, we are obliged to rely on the media of a gangster state to learn what is happening on our own streets.
Weight can be a little harder to make out. Basically, the idea is that your don't want to sew something super thin to something massively thick. They don't have to be a perfect match, but they should at least behave the same way. I like to test this by draping my fabrics together.
with the coming of the frost.
April 26 TBA, Tampa FL
All dressed with a tasty French Dressing
NOTE: Blessed and holy is he that hath part in the first resurrection: on such the second death hath no power, but they shall be priests of God and of Christ, and shall reign with him a thousand years. Revelation 20:6
Fortunately for ‘jun03′, a Singaporean who overhead the conversation ticked the customer off:
This is really a main problem for people players who’re very restricted in their deposit and cashout options to start with: You might have to be specific that it is possible to get your cash into, and from, the online poker web site with relative ease, as well as with minimal fees involved. Even the very best poker rakeback deals are worthless in case you cannot get the funds to the website, or whether or not this fees you $25, or $50, in costs!
2:03 - Start walking again
Writer/director Andrew Niccol is no stranger to scientific ideas. In 1997 he delivered the Orwellian genetic engineering “Gattaca“. In 2002 he tackled computer generated imagery in “S1mOne“. He also penned the predictory script to reality TV in 1998 with “The Truman Show“. Fantasy and Science Fiction seem to be genres that he’s comfortable with but this is not one of his better efforts.
Since it is apparent that many readers want to learn more about cheese AND Canada I’m going to attempt to weave those two subjects together a little more tightly moving forward.
Common Portrayals: soldiers, yes-men in the business world, cult members, best friends, the mafia
I recall Brian posted a thread on CakeCentral.com a long while back. He was trying to break into the wedding cake industry and asked about effective advertising. He likes to do special effects with cakes and his art background really helps him push the envelope for sculpting and design. When everyone looked at his site, their basic reaction was, "Uh ... you don't have any wedding cake pictures!" Now, this is Austin and we do pride ourselves on being weird, but it's true ... he did need to showcase some specifically wedding oriented designs that would attract brides. Here they are!
When I read the words 'Under' and 'Over', I'm instantly connecting them with the milestone ages of 18, 21, 30, 35... I'm not sure if there are any significant ones after that - I suppose I'll make 'em up as I cross into the 30's and beyond. But these words also fuel classical compounds that open to a whole other world of meaning:
Blake Lively + Florence Welch = Besties
David Cortes - 0.7 WAR = 0 points
3. Celebration of Now: a really special blog that combines warmth, wisdom and step by step directions and photos for amazing makeovers of furniture and household items into whimsical, re-purposed pieces…
On Thursday here in London people will be asked to cast their vote for the next Mayor of London. I hope in this post to get you thinking about why your should NOT vote. There are important political and theological reasons for not voting that often get brushed aside by “mainstream” political discourse and Christian teaching. Although the theological reasons are much more important lets start backwards with the political reasons so that my readers who don’t have Christian sympathies can still join in.
One other little thing: I feel like I failed to challenge students in a lot of ways. A lot of that was in daily planning, and I hope to get a much firmer grip on daily activities, making use of time, and forcing students to get engaged by whatever means necessary. They can get engaged – I’ve seen it at various points from virtually all of my classes – and I need to make that happen in creative ways.
This is what I learned: I hate steroids. They make me mean and unsympathetic. Or maybe it's the kids. Or maybe it's my diet. I'm looking into this since reading this Primal blogger's account of her vulcan-like apathy. Could sweets really make you sweeter? Maybe. Still, I'll choose apathy over anxiety any day of the week. The steroids, though. They give me a headache and interrupt my sleep. I love sleep.
He stood in the middle of the room, figuring Calliope had stepped out.
‘I don’t know,’ I told him, even more troubled and ill at ease. ‘I don’t know.’
It all started the first time I listened to the opening track, “Barcarole,” with Metheny laying out a smooth processed guitar sound, wrapped in Mays’ lush synthesizer texture, topped by Nana Vasconcelos‘ driving percussive beats.
so in the name of equality,
Lilly: Come on Roy. You can't kid me. You got so much more on the ball than i ever did, an you know what it does to a person...
Drinking Choc ( indivdual sachetes)
In fact, I do like the 4 men that are going to be involved, and I know we will get 2 good matches at No Surrender, especially seeing, what I think might be the first one on one match between Kurt and Jeff Hardy.
Drop rounded tablespoons of batter (I use a small scoop that I have) onto ungreased cookie sheet. Bake for 11-14 minutes. Cool on wire racks. Store in an airtight container for up to 4 days. Makes about 36 cookies (I made 42)
I'm ashamed to say my first post-book post is a shameless plug, but it is for something I think you'll like.
When the client tells you “We need to cut costs” where do you turn? In the current economic climate, finding ways of reducing costs must be at the forefront of every cleaning contractors mind. In an effort to assist, I have drawn up a list of some of the Top 10 ways that you can reduce your costs and improve productivity.
For parenting toddlers, this might mean:
I pulled out enormous armfuls of garlic mustard growing next to and through the boundary fence by the gully. He followed behind me, asking if he could eat it and stepping on the tiny lettuce plants.
He was sure now. He had never been so sure.
And one gets the odd sensation
keep watch over the door of my lips!
There is no shame in that.
1/4c. Onion Powder
The truth is I’m taking one day at a time. My son is extremely overwhelming and I’m finding it difficult to do much of anything else. Including complete a thought. I have become embarrassingly scatterbrained. Over cooking food. Walking into a room and forgetting why I went in there. I’m even finding it difficult to hold a conversation. I can see people looking at me quizzically, confused with what I’m saying. It’s a new feeling for me, having always felt so in control in the past.
I like how they turned out, don't you? After two years of deciding what to do as far as paint or stain, I took the plunge. I have to say I love them.
Increasingly, it has become clear that they are not seriously interested either in communal harmony or the tragedy of the Muslims who died in the Gujarat riot of 2002. The most recent program to date on national television was Left, Right and Centre, anchored by Nidhi Razdan (‘Illegal orders within a room no offence’ May 10,2012). Its topic for discussion was the SIT Report, recently released and which is presented in the program as making controversial statements. Since no one in the show had read the entire report it would seem to have been precipitous to engage in a discussion. Nevertheless, for reasons of publicity Razdan decided to go ahead with it.
Do you talk about your favorite political party?
-Saute onion and add curry leaves.Keep stirring till translucent.
The department had a policy on tattoos that if they were visible they had to be completely covered. Well I had no choice so I showed up with my entire right arm covered because I have a full sleeve (from the top of my shoulder to my wrist) tribal tattoo. When my F.T.O. showed up I noticed that he had a half sleeve and it was uncovered. I said, “Hey, how come you aren't covering your tat up?” That's when I heard those beautiful words!!! The Sheriff changed the policy. Wooo-hooo! Let em fly, so I did. I immediately hit it off with my F.T.O. He looks just like me, shaved head and tats. I got in his car which is a K9 unit. They have non aggressive K9's that are drug, bomb, etc. dogs which is cool. Of course as soon as I got in there that bastard starting passing some serious gas. This dog sh@t on me all day and laughed about it, so did his daddy. Whew it was bad, but God was it good to be the POLICE again. I had to laugh at my first call- a horse running loose! Are you kidding me really?!? Okay, so we didn't find lil horsey running around but hey, it was a call. We handled some domestics which are all about the same anywhere you are. Then the first alert tone came at about 1230, accident on the interstate, over turned van with serious injuries. Hell yea baby, lights and siren!!! Now its been awhile but I remembered how to yell and scream at stupid idiots that panic when they see a police car coming. So after sorting through a few F bombs we got there to find a van full of guys all cut up, bruised up and scraped up. Of course no one was wearing a seat belt. Making things even more of a pain in the butt, they were all Mexican and none of them spoke English. One of them had a right arm arterial bleed and massive blood loss. There were several paramedics there so no need to get bloody. I finally felt productive again and respected. We really only provided traffic control for the Highway Patrol but man did it feel good! We left that and handled a few more calls ending the day with me actually handling another crash but this time the at fault driver had a suspended license and a warrant. Jackpot! I get to put an ass in jail again! Man that was fantastic!!!
So, the fuck, what?
Tomato: 1 chopped
1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature
Melon 2
What you should avoid: frames which are small, short or out of proportion. This will accentuate the wrong features in the facial area to the point where the face seems bloated.
“This really is the last minute,” he said. “Bill Miller is basically there in terms of his bid and we would expect to know by Monday or Tuesday whether we’re dealing with Bill Miller or not and whether we’re dealing with the Blue Knights or not. Both parties need approval from the football authorities, otherwise it makes a mockery of the business plan.
RV21
where an angry bridegroom
08 - Dreams I'll Never See 07:56
Step 3:
"And I have never had an unkind word spoken to me by any inmate in two years," he said.
Who IS this child, anyway? Clearly, despite having been surgically removed from my womb, she is no child of mine...
So I'm out £40 and very unhappy. As I said before, if I knew my products were still coming I wouldn't even mind waiting this long but as my emails have remained unanswered and the company has basically disappeared I can only assume that my money has been stolen. And because of this I do not recommend Hi fi Cosmetics. Their products are genuinely great but there's been too many problems with TAT in general and now my order has not been honoured. If you are going to order then please at least wait until Veronica reappears because if you order now then who knows if it will even be acknowledged?
and the reconstruction of the mind.
Who says that creative writing skills are dead? Somewhere, in an internet cafe in Lagos, a man (probably) is putting himself inside the mind of a godly woman dying of breast cancer, a woman eager to give all of her assets away to me, a stranger. He has conjured up a story full of drama and greed: breast cancer! Greedy relatives! This is a masterpiece of the 419 form. I have to admire the chutzpah, if not the desire for larceny.
During one of our school trips a couple of years ago, we stopped by a lake somewhere to stretch our legs. Somehow we ended up stone-skipping on the lake and naturally, this progressed into a competition to see which of us could get the stone to skip the most number of times. Also naturally, I was having the worst luck and couldn’t get a single stone to skip, not even once.
Student: 1. DF 2. AF 3. DH 4. AB 5. CD (Clever with the two answers. Even if I took one of the answers, you’d still get every single one wrong. Now THAT’S horrible guessing.)
Acquisition 14
In a small saucepan over medium-high, add the butter and heat until foaming.
A garter, which a babe had strangled;
07 - Penthouse Pauper 03:20
Karthi and family are leaving Singapore, giving up “home, PR, infrastructure and terrific jobs” and relocating to Hyderabad, India for the sake of a system of education which is not “lopsided”, which believes that a natural joy for and in learning is a pre-requisite for education and which most of all, favours the individuality of the child over logic, structure and analysis. (For the interested, the school is Sloka, mentioned in my earlier post Head, Hands, Heart).
For as long as there will be aristocrats in France (and let's face it, despite a big-ass revolution back in 1789 and a concerted campaign of head lopping, the aristos are alive and well in la belle France), there will be "bobos". But since the global financial meltdown, a new subset in French society has emerged. A subset of which I am proud to be a member.
connecting. I’m using a traditional snap that has a solid
Just as the prosecuting attorney sealed my dad’s conviction, then made a way for the little girls to have gifts, so God, whose very existence and character have convicted us, has given a gift that we celebrate each Christmas season. And it truly is an extravagant gift. A precious son who was born to take on the all the sin of all of us in the world - crushing, painful sin that separated Him for a period of time from His father.
And have fun! You should be interested in and excited about what you’re promoting. If what you’re putting out there is boring you, just imagine how everyone else will feel. Start over and don’t be afraid to read and be inspired by press releases you find online written by other people, or ask for feedback on a draft before you call it final. PR is not a self-contained or solo task at any stop along the way — you’re going to want contacts in the press and in PR for all kinds of reasons. Know your peers, along with knowing your audience!
One of the lead stories on Bergens Tidende's website as I write this is: The Rain Is Coming! The Rain Is Coming! Okay, so it's not quite that jubilant, and it's become increasingly difficult to believe anything any meterologist has to say about anything so impossilby unfathomable as the weather, but apparently, there's talk of rain all next week. All next week! That might not be quiet enough to melt away the 6 feet of snow outside the front door, but it should spell doom for Norman, the lumpish snowman, and (fingers crossed) it just might fill my well enough that I can take a proper shower for the first time since Christmas!
Navarathri(9 nights) or Dusshera is celebrated in various ways in different parts of India. Had read Reema’s entry on Durga Pujo. Decided to write this on how it is in South India, especially Tamil Nadu.
Dave Hickey started off by saying that what he was about to say in his lecture was not bitter, but valedictory. It was ”simple elitist contempt.” But the beauty of it is that anyone can be elitist about anything. He moved on by reading a passage of Hal Foster’s writing on Rachel Whiteread. Foster was describing Whiteread’s plaster cast House (1993), and saying it was about memory and childhood. “My problem with this particular text,” said Hickey, “is that it is a lie. It’s bullshit.” This appears harsher written out, as it is not delivered with his friendly, but exasperated Texan accent.
Summer "City Girls" blank boxed notecards
Do I have a Compulsive Disorder?
1 representation
The Message (MSG)
The peasant and the peer.
elm crowns floating like green balloons just prior
Autumn tends to nudge our hearts to bring more of the outdoors inside.
Central to His message is: who He said He is and what He came to do. We must either dismiss Him as a liar or fall at His feet and worship Him.
Yes, music in hardcopy is on the way out, but the day where it virtually disappears is not that far off.
In Ballard’s new catalog, they show the table above with these fab. wicker chairs.
Barley is one of the seven species. With Tu Bishvat falling in the cold days of mid-winter, a steaming pot of hearty barely soup is the perfect start to a Tu Bishvat meal. As with many soups, you can really have fun with this recipe and add any additional vegetables you like.
ces. Water temperatures in and around Cape Cod Bay were more than 3.5 degrees above average this winter, although scientists say this is probably a short-term anomaly that can’t be directly attributed to climate change.
I tried to get a good photo in the dark but this was the best I could do. Believe me they are pretty as can be outside. A very pale blue was the color I chose to add to the Mod Podge.
It’s no surprise. If you pick up a newspaper such as the Daily Express (a granny favourite), they usually have a headline about cancer. In fact, they should just stop printing news altogether and turn it into a daily list of things that might give you cancer:
Many of the things she discusses are values that were instilled in me since childhood. Keep your money in the community. Buy local. (This is more difficult when mom and pop stores are closing and the grocery super center on the edge of town has meant the end of the supermarket that has been in business for a hundred years.) She emphasizes that spending a few extra dollars to help a local is well worth it.
Let’s face it. One has to be a Muslim to be allowed to be a critical of Islam or the Koran. The thing is, though, once one is a Muslim, one will not be critical of Islam or the Koran – as over one thousand years of the history of Islam has shown us. And, no, the ‘myriad and many differing interpretations of the Koran in Islamic scholarship’ do not equal a single genuine criticism of the Koran.
Average pace: 9.35
Wishing for someone to see me
This goes double for self-publishing, since there are no safety nets and you're doing so much more work yourself (or at least you're in charge of so much more). Cover not up to spec? Either you didn't put in the hours, or you did a shoddy job of finding a good designer. Formatting a mess? Be more thorough.
Be gone from me, I can endure no more.
By the end of the day I was a very happy camper; relaxed and supremely content. It was a most excellent birthday, to be sure.
And is smartly corrected: “That’s my bubble wrap.”
So glad to send these awards. These ladies are really talented! :^)
So, it's November, and we all know what that means: hand cramps, murdered pens, overheated computers and lots and lots of writing!
He thanked everyone and said a few things about how we’d changed his life for ever. Then he winked down at someone near the front.
British singer/songwriter
Start Quote
Amazon before all the others realized its position in the market. It was no longer a middleman but a mover. It was indeed a power to be dealt with. B&N did not wake up fast enough, that is for sure. But Amazon did. Amazon changed the whole paradigm. Amazon actually changed the way we see the industry today.
When I say “waiting” what I really mean is “dreaming.” After selling our farmhouse in PEI and renting for 18 months while we bided our time in Sun Peaks, we had countless conversations about our next house which we would own, not rent, where we would have a kick ass master bedroom with hotel like ensuite, with a chef’s kitchen and not too much yard to maintain.
The Phoenician sailors knew the time; they knew the bell-ship ring
Acting President of Nigeria, one Mrs. Diezani Allison-
Supper: 3 steak tacos
"The other debate is whether or not it is a hopeless venture to encourage the spread of liberty. Most of you all around this table are much better historians than I am. And people have said, you know, this is Wilsonian, it's hopelessly idealistic. One, it is idealistic, to this extent: It's idealistic to believe people long to be free. And nothing will change my belief. I come at it many different ways. Really not primarily from a political science perspective, frankly; it's more of a theological perspective. I do believe there is an Almighty, and I believe a gift of that Almighty to all is freedom. And I will tell you that is a principle that no one can convince me that doesn't exist.
“We live at a palatial standard” indoors compared to most of the world, she said. While that may not be true for those packed into studios in Manhattan, she noted that zoning requirements even for supportive housing--where single adults could live in one room--require 600 square feet for apartment.
thorn brings forth visible
i felt like i was being taken advantage of by my bosses & working in a factory full of woman is really hard, especially when your the one who has people coming at you from both sides.
Day Twelve : 17.88
The mad human virus.
Are you inspired? What's been some of your favorites?
Pop Montreal Festival
Likeable characters, mayhem, visits from Lucifer, angels, demons, magic, friendship, revenge, redemption – this book’s got it all. Highly recommended.
Perhaps it’s seeing heaps of barley recently, in a rather different context, at the Cantillon brewery (where I met the wonderful term ‘spontaneous fermentation’), that has made this stand out among the Hughes I’ve been reading recently. Is there any poet more fond of the full stop than Hughes?
I don't know about you guys, but my stash of diapers is running low and my son has grown out of all the cloth dipes we have. So I am in desperate need of some diapers! I actually had to pay full price for some at Rite Aid this week!!! (used +ups and a RAvvq, so no real cash, but STILL! $11.99 for a pack! RIDICULOUS!)
Arts & Crafts
Is it that by its indefiniteness it shadows forth the heartless voids and immensities of the universe, and thus stabs us from behind with the thought of annihilation, when beholding the white depths of the milky way? Or is it, that as in essence whiteness is not so much a color as the visible absence of color, and at the same time the concrete of all colors; is it for these reasons that there is such a dumb blankness, full of meaning, in a wide landscape of snows – a colorless, all- color of atheism from which we shrink?
I can direct it.
We say that we are mad that the Nigerian government spent $3.2 billion of our money to build Delta Steel Co, that is over N480 billion without factoring in inflation. Later, the same steel company got sold to a company that is a front for Obasanjo for mere $120 million, ie N7.5 billion. What does that say to you? Do you need from us a solution on that?
She seriously outdid herself with this one. I cannot wait to try this outfit on our baby!
5. I am missing my top lateral teeth; the "eyeteeth," I think they're called - the ones closest to your front teeth. I was born without them, and have had to wear false teeth pretty much since my baby teeth fell out. Even in my braces; they were little movey false teeth stuck into the wires. And when I smile big in black light, they don't show up, and I look like a hick.
But here we are...almost 30 years later...together more years than the years we had not known each other! ...by the grace of God...so blessed!
The colors for the day are Blue and Red. Most of the ideas here are from Martha Stewart's. Check out some really cool holiday ideas at her site. The simple flags, buntings and paper lanterns are easy crafty for kids and you. Get into the spirit of the occasion and decorate the frills and flags.
Finally I gave up, deciding I was apparently the only person on the blogosphere that didn't own something polka dotted.
However the team came across this solution, it is a new direction for Inerter development. The solution is totally legal, as set by the precedent of the mechanical Inerter being allowed to race, even when the TMD wasn’t
What are the growth-promoting elements of food? Are there any one-stop food for growing children? We were interested in this subject lately keeping in mind of our growing 1-yr+2-mo-old Aditya and 4-yr-old Adarsh. We wanted to counteract the nutritional deficiencies normal in an Indian vegetarian diet. We are nonvegetarian only for 2 days in a week - Wednesdays and Sundays :-) It is our find that egg can be treated as a one-stop food for growing children since they are a rich source of proteins, iron, fats, calcium, riboflavin (vitamin B2) and vitamin A - all of which are growth-promoting elements. An egg a day, if tolerated and assimilated by our body, will provide all these. We now ensure that kids are feeded with at least one egg a day.
The “occupation” is the cause of all the problems?. Oh wait, Israel withdrew unilaterally from Gaza and Gaza now is an Iranian missile base. Oh wait, the effort to drive the Jews into the sea started before the 1967 war, indeed, prior to the creation of Israel; just ask the Jews who used to live in the centuries-old Jewish community in Hebron before the 1929 Arab riots and massacre. Oh wait, Hamas does not agree to the existence of Israel. Oh wait, Abbas said just a few weeks ago he never — as in never — will accept Israel as a Jewish state.
“What can I say… my dear… to make… it clear… I need you badly, badly, madam librarian, Marian…”
How cool are those individual pockets?!? She can either put recipe cards or just write down what they are going to have that night. I am thinking that I could laminate those large notecards and buy her a wet-erase marker and she can write it down and re-use them each week. I can see my 3 year old niece getting involved and pulling out the cards for her--which I think will help her start to recognize the days of the week!
For now I would like to share with you Balla's first album, with the Orchestre du Jardin de Guinée. This was released as the second album of the Syliphone label, and has for many, many years been one of my top favourites of the label. Every single track on this album is a pearl, shining by the pure joy and love of music of Balla, Pivi and all the individuals of this superb orchestra.
I couldn't resist picking up this little swimming pool for Hudson.
You’re like a shot of pure gold
So, what makes GlenHeights different from the other condo buildings in the West Shore? Well, to start, every single floor in the building has an AMAZING view either of Langford Lake or the Olympic Mountain Range! The views are truly stunning, and although the photos are gorgeous, you really do need to see the views to understand the beauty. In addition to the views, the building is heated with in-floor radiant heating, provided by the Community Energy System in Westhills. This is a very unique feature to GlenHeights, as in-floor radiant heating feels different (and arguably nicer) than electric or forced-air heating. The Community Energy System also provides hot water to all GlenHeights homes and the heating and hot water costs are built into your strata fees!
Did we miss anything?
James smiled. His sister hadn’t been as generous with her praise when she’d talked about other young women he’d courted over the years. Maybe he was making up things to worry about–which wasn’t normally his way–because all in all, his times with Zanna had been the happiest he’d known. He looked forward to a long life with many children to bless them. Even Sam, Zanna’s older brother and the owner of the Cedar Creek Mercantile, had remarked about what a fine couple they made–how he thought James would be the steadying influence his impetuous youngest sister needed.
Family T-Shirts: We have eco-friendly t-shirts for Mother/Daughter, Father/Son, Grandma/Grandchild, family reunions...we all havethose times when we want to show we are a unit.
The cousins were all so into Will. Several different times I caught them all laying on the floor with him playing.
He was bleeding from the insertion sites fairly heavily, so they had to apply pressure for a little while, and they will continue to watch for potential blood clots and signs of internal bleeding.
I’ve got the power.
I’m glad he had his first and last birthday celebration …. which was his 4th birthday at my home … so happy to remember seeing him smile at his cake even though he did not eat it.
The fulcrum around which these twin axes revolve is the Swansea Jack pub on Oystermouth Road. They say the flâneur draped across a chair at Les Deux Magots will see le Tout-Paris pass by.And if you crouch beneath the boarded windows of The Jack for long enough, all the town's burglars, fences, cock-wrestlers, shapeshifters, amateur apothecaries and punch-up paramours will whirl before your eyes on a fist-shaped carousel.
It happened that Goo (from a far distant shore that appeared from nothing out of the so-called Big Bang) was found guilty of lying to the world.
Attack of the Colly wobbles.
Make sure your fridge-freezer has plenty of room around it for air to circulate, and keep it away from sources of heat such as radiators or cookers, including direct sunlight.
Have you been to Disneyland or California Adventure? What are your favorite rides?!
Engraving and resizing of superior silverish rings is kinda simple due to the ductility and relatively low unfrozen show. Nheless, attain careful your jeweler understands the touch of refinishing the sound and that they possess the requisite equipment to do so. Not all jewelers hit the equipment to recoat the metal coating after extract and welding the platform. Also, rings set with stones are sometimes not resizable because resizing mightiness crusade the stones to pop out. Specified settings allow head and lightless settings.
This is serving as my Waiting Wednesday post today! :)
Remove quiche from oven when a knife inserted one-to-two inches from the edge of the crust comes out clean.
When he had finished speaking, he said to Simon, ”Put out into deep water, and let down the nets for catch.”
A clipping from the Journal of Commerce of April 4, 1925, is reproduced here as an interesting example of a method to counteract a false rumor:
Seattle Times
Oh-ho! I'm not falling for that one! Only Nigerian finance ministers have the savvy and capital to make such audacious financial claims!
In the battle over the debt ceiling, the Republicans have won. Was it a decisive victory that will change Washington forever? No, but it does alter the course set in Washington from ever increasing spending to spending cuts. The debt increase will only occur with spending cuts and no tax increases. Are the cuts astronomical? Again , no, but Rome wasn’t built-in a day and we should not expect a complete change in the culture of Washington in a day either. Changing the thought process is victory in and of itself. A key victory.
AG: Oh, I heard "Thai girl."
No Wikipedia today. For the love of all things holy, stop the madness. I really planned to solve the dispute between Quantum Loop Gravity and M-theory and if I didn’t then I was to fraudulently edit Wikipedia to show that I did. (Note: Once I saw Wikipedia vandalism on the topic of Icy Hot suggesting that it provided a pleasant sensation when placed on the testicles. I do not recommend that.)
When I graduated from my undergraduate degree, however, I moved into London and no longer had the space for much model making or workshop equipment. Life changed too and London had lots to offer and plenty of places to explore. My interests also change slightly. I became very interested in sustainability and reusing objects. It was Victor Papanek’s ‘The Green Imperative‘ that changed my view on ‘life’. I started to view objects and consumerism in a different way and set myself the challenge of not buying new clothes for a year. I found this remarkably easy and I got a real kick out of rediscovering my wardrobe again.
A short while back, after Christmas, I participated in another Itty Bitty Swap. This one was called “What’s at the Bottom of Your Garden?” Or in my mind, affectionately remembered as the Frogs and Fairies swap. The requirements: knit your partner a frog or a fairy (using one of Susan Anderson’s designs) and send your partner a kit for the other item. (So if you knit a frog, you sent a kit for a fairy.) I would say there was an even split between frogs and fairies knit. And then of course, there were all the usual goodies that go along with a swap – treats, other handmade items, little mementos that fit the theme, etc.
11. I'm okay with unschooling for academics, but the radical unschooling lifestyle seems like too much! How do I relax about:
Dr. Smalley has a long history of providing incredible resources to families. In this book, Gary and Norma have compiled a wealth of experience and wisdom in a format that is appealing, easy-to-read, and inspiring. It will feed you simple ways to invest in your marriage in a positive and constructive way. It would make a great gift for any married couple--wedding or anniversary.
The heavenly grace of the Pillars of Creation.
I have a ton, so it's kind of a hard question, but I really like Adele. She's been one of my favorites for a while.
Prior to joining Nordstrom, Martin-Vachon was president and CEO of the international beauty and skincare company Lise Watier Cosmetiques Inc., where she oversaw all aspects of the company including product development and operations.
In inspiration news, I went to look around a studio open day over the weekend which was really interesting. It was great to see what all sorts of artists were up to in the local area. There was painting, print-making, sculpture, photography… it was very interesting. It made me REALLY want to have my own studio too – would be so fun just to be able to get creative and have everything out and ready to go whenever you wanted. The studios were actually surprisingly affordable too… well, when I say affordable, I couldn’t actually afford it for the amount of time I’d be able to spend in it. But suffice to say, it was less than you might think anyway and definitely affordable if you could sell a painting or two each month. However, for now I shall continue to dream…!
Sorry I haven't been blogging for a while! It's been crazy. I had essays due every week and now exams are starting so I still won't be very regular with my blog posts, but I do have some exciting news! Angela Ackerman and Becca Puglisi at The Bookshelf Muse are publishing their Emotion Thesaurus. I must admit, I use it quite a bit if I'm having trouble trying to express what my characters are feeling without saying it outright. What does this have to do with the title? Well, I am very proud to announce that I will be receiving four, count 'em FOUR, bookmarks to giveaway on my blog! When I receive them I will post a blog with pictures of the bookmarks and rules for the giveaway. Keep checking back for the giveaway!
For those who do not have HDNet, I have been told the program will be available on iTunes tomorrow for $1.99.
"Start punching, dude!" responds Thomas, who was sitting on the ground. When Thomas stands up to walk away, a second police officer hits him repeatedly with a baton. The first few minutes of the altercation are off-screen, but the audio shows Thomas verbally giving up.
Note: Interior Shooting will go on for the same times both days.
What are the elements you're happy to share? What stays hidden? Best left to the shadows.What would you really like to say, but can't? Or won't?
Fiesta FLPS 1430
To call and say "Hi"?
In fact I'd go so far as to say if I were a soldier my morale would be deflated by a visit from the PM. David Cameron has no idea how hard life is for the people stationed out there. Preaching about caring about what they are doing, yet stabbing them in the back with cuts, making their lives, in fact, even more difficult? Their lives and the families back home.
Comment as much as you’d like, as always, but again I cannot guarantee I’ll get to responding as I like to the way I used to. Overall, the good news is that in only a year this will be over and y’all can split your guts all you need to reading my outraged shit.
The chef is not only a cook, but an artist, a manager, a chemist, and an entrepreneur. The successful chef has to adapt to the dynamic changes of modernization and demands of the clientele. The beauty of a career in culinary is that you can either work for prominent international hotels and restaurants or branch out with your own restaurant. In large establishments an Executive chef may oversee chefs in charge of specializing in everything from sauces to chocolates.
We meet Gemma and when there's Gemma there's Addison. Her 'best friend' and so we are told. She's the very reason of the huge complication in this book. God. She's SO ANNOYING and ruins everything. And then comes Max and Conor. Ahhhhh Max! Anyways, things start to get really interesting.
Consider Dr. Conspiracy’s astonishing statement of 8 January 2012, at his blog:
"Goodbye, Mama. I miss you."
Two (2) pencil drawings of Killraven, one by P. Craig Russell (?) the other signed PBG(?) ("Probably Peter Gillis," writes Don)
Mall rat.
From this standpoint, I’m proud to be an adult who isn’t afraid to play every once in a while. I’ll leave my mark with words, photographs, art journals, and a slew of other creative creative pursuits, but I’m also ready to dabble in coloring books and fingerprint art.
For the next three hours worked I SO hard wanting to make Tina and everyone who showed up for me proud. I gave them every drop of that pink sweat I could muster, and I can muster a lot. (I die my hair red and a fresh dye will leave residue of color on the scalp, that equals pink flop sweat.) My feet felt like they were ready to explode out of the beautiful and evil satin shoes. I had to try so hard to keep my posture upright on the evolutionary scale, let alone to ballroom standards.
It will come as no surprise then, that I have prepared carrots in just about every way imaginable. Steamed, broiled, baked, juiced, pureed, and of course cut up into all shapes and sizes for raw nibbling. After years of dedication to this humble root vegetable, I think my favorite way to eat ‘em, is roasted. And this way of roasting, with fresh ginger and orange, is a one-way ticket to total carrot ecstasy.
1/2 pound spinach
Twisted Limb Paperworks will move out of its storefront location on the B-Line Trail by May 1st to refocus efforts exclusively on its online presence and to allow owner Sheryl Woodhouse-Keese to pursue other creative and business projects. A moving sale will be held at the studio at 1122 S. Morton Street on Saturday, May 5th from 8 am – 3 pm, selling furniture, shelving, equipment, office, and art supplies that will not be moving to the new location. ReFrame, Bloomington’s recycled framing business will have frames and mat board for sale. The 2100 square foot building near Morton and Grimes on the B-Line Trail will be for rent by May 14th. For more information on the moving sale or renting the property, please call 812-333-3151 or e-mail info@twistedlimbpaper.com.
2. Must be practical
Lindsay Pavao sang Please Don’t Go by Mike Posner and she killed it. She played up on her strengths and she even made Christina cry. Cee Lo said he thought it was wonderful and he sees so much charm in her. Blake said though she isn’t one of the big vocalists of the competition, there is still something so mysterious about her that people are drawn to, but he is sticking with his decision of picking Ashley.
Won’t somebody think of the children? (sorry; I had to)
While Ennahdha has called on its supporters to join the protests in an effort to neutralize this potential bad publicity, the move has the potential to backfire. Opposition groups, angry at the violent crackdowns during recent protests, will be none too pleased to share the stage with supporters of the very regime that cracked down on them. The potential for confrontation is real.
I'm still getting used to the new normal. We all are.
I hope there are no starving spider babies cursing me.
So it is in this second week of February 2011 that I vow to be MUCH more selective in anything I buy from Canadian Tire and its ilk. When I go to Vancouver Island next week to pick up a bunch of stuff, I will be exchanging my Mastercraft 7 amp corded drill for a new one, for the second time (it's bad if you can smell burning when you pull the trigger, right?). If I could exchange it for something else – like something that was supposed to only be used once … I wonder if they sell Motomaster toilet paper - I would. I may also try to take back a router bit set that I bought a couple of years ago but still haven't used. You know, not having a router and all.
“No,” I shook my head.
I do hope to fit in some me-time in the schedule. Time to visit with my sister again, and friends who I don't see from work or church enough. Time to work on turning my hobby into a business. Time to take a class or two, or maybe do some contract work. Time to prepare for an epic journey with two of my best friends next May. Time to volunteer, to serve my community in a different way than before.
I Googled “the political spectrum is a circle”. Apparently this isn’t a new concept. I should remind myself that I am aware of the Nolan chart:
If the Cardinal seems fearful for a moment right before the trick-triggers are pulled, so be it. At least he will understand momentarily what it’s like to be a gay person standing against an anti-gay mob for one moment in his entire life.
The original building at the still-thriving prison is now a shell. The thick exterior walls, cyclopian Tuckahoe marble quarried on site by the first prisoners, are all that remains. In architectural form, it was a long narrow building with a gable roof which vaguely resembled a child’s drawing of a house. It was, for this reason, known as “the big house,” just as being sent north 25 miles to Sing Sing from New York City was known as being “sent up the river.”
The doctor also reviewed my blood test results and said everything was normal as was my KUB ultrasound from yesterday. My Kidneys, Spleen, Bladder all looked perfectly healthy. Yay me… no Aliens or spiders or basketballs… My iron levels, B12 etc were all great. However…
Which is your most popular post?
The photos I have attached to this post are as follows:
"I am going to make a PLATYPUS."
- brian lavelle - hyperboreans - siren wire editions - 2011
To the party known as MCA,
December arrived, and our teacher told us that we would reenact the birth of Jesus. The teacher asked Matthew if he wanted to play Joseph. He agreed. The teacher turned to me and said, Jasmine, do you want to play Mary? I had a crush on Matthew for so long, so this was the perfect opportunity to spend more time with him, but I froze up. I thought, Baka mahalata ako if I say yes, baka isipin ng mga classmates ko na I only said yes because of Matthew. So I said no.
Supplies: Basic Pearls, SU Markers- pretty in pink, early espresso, certainly celery, Big Shot, Final Press Embossing Folder
After signing with Michelle, I sat down with a file folder I called In The Mail, a low-tech, messy record of my submission process over the years. Here’s what I found:
Project year: 2007 – 2009
eLo- mor to offa. The nashnel eksibishun senta is a gRRayt sawss uv
Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said Tuesday she will take $50 million in federal stimulus money away from the Secure Border Initiative, also known as SBInet, and spend it on proven, off-the-shelf technology to protect U.S. borders.
If you like coffee, I would definitely recommend taking some time to have a cup of cafe con leche or something else similar. Cafe con leche is coffee with milk, by the way :) It’s strong and creamy and oh so delish!
Speaking at a town hall meeting at the University of Maryland in College Park, Obama told a largely supportive audience, “We can’t just close our deficit with spending cuts alone.” That would mean senior citizens would have to “pay a lot more for Medicare,” students would have trouble getting education loans, job training programs would be trimmed and there were be “devastating cuts” in medical and clean-energy research, he said.
Are we to believe that our hero, two weeks after coming foreward, found his twin flame and soul mate because of a Youtube video? Or have Bill and Eva, a former Canadian Army Intelligence officer now on loan to the CIA, worked as a team many times, both on earth and Procyon…Procyon being where they initially met Kerry at her home with her Procyon-native husband and their two beautiful hybrid children, Seth and Sandarar?
Parillaud
Which raises a question: Is Israel a “colonial settlement”? Many Jews settled in a region that they hadn’t previously (or recently) occupied, at the expense of others. In 1948, over 700,000 Palestinians were forced out of their homes as a result of a specific, outside philosophy: Zionism. Now, are Zionists as complicit as the European colonial powers? Although this is a fuzzier question, signs point to yes. Dabashi mentions the “Holocaust industry.” While this term should be used carefully, it supports the claim of Peter Beinart, author of The Crisis of Zionism, that the Zionist narrative relies heavily on victimization and guilt. (So why not manufacture it?) It also sums up the claim that Europe has exported its guilt on a by-standing Middle East. And while this may be a sweeping generalization, it at least raises–and maybe answers–a hotly debated question: why exactly have we tacked “post” to “colonial era”? That is, what are the reasons behind such a claim? Grass’ “What Must Be Said” may provide some answers.
2) Be willing to think critically, but positively, about every community you’re a part of
However, the best feature of these two incredible landscape lenses is the price. At $600 (USD) for the standard version and only $1200 (USD) for the image stabilized version, they are less than half the price of their much more expensive cousin the EF 70-200mm f/2.8L USM II, priced at $2300 (USD). Yes, the EF 70-200mm f/2.8L USm II is one full stop faster, but when was the last time you took a landscape shot with a wide open aperture? I generally shoot landscape shots with my 5D Mark II at f/16 or smaller to achieve the greatest depth of field possible.
It's a pretty low point for the genre at the moment, with the latest string of horror offerings getting lukewarm receptions at the box office (mostly with good cause) but yet it's still a more booming time than it was when GOREZONE was around. In the late '80s/early '90s, if you had maybe five genre films get a wide release in theaters in the entire year, you were lucky. But just in the past three months, Final Destination 5, Fright Night, Don't Be Afraid of the Dark, Apollo 18, Shark Night 3-D, Creature, Straw Dogs, Dream House, The Thing, and - coming this weekend - Paranormal Activity 3 have all hit screens across the country (with films like The Woman, The Human Centipede Part 2, and The Skin I Live In playing in limited release). And on TV, there's the return of Supernatural and The Walking Dead along with the premiere of new genre fare like American Horror Story and Grimm. There's so much horror product out there, I can't keep up with it all (granted, some of it I don't want to keep up with).
However, he also warned that slathering the super-snack with butter, sugar, salt and oil can change popcorn into a "nutritional nightmare," loaded with fat and calories.
The plan is this: before I finish with my current book, I’m going to peruse a bunch of potential next-reads. From this perusal, one — or at least not too many — will be settled upon as the next ‘books I’m reading’. Should the selection process become too difficult, I can always return to the soothing oasis that is my current book and continue with the search another time. Sounds good?
Hoping to find the child from heaven
Please do not wait another day before you get this book and read it. I’ll leave you with one quote from the book, “Grace doesn’t depend on suffering to exist, but where there is suffering you will find grace in many facets and colors.” (The Shack, 185) Alright, get off the internet and get to the book! You are wasting precious time. If you have read it, please share your copy with someone you know.
It is good finally to see some vigour coming from Dunedin City councillors as they examine ways to tackle spiralling rate increases, even if such efforts are years too late. The mayor and councillors for far too long have acquiesced to plans and proposals that have ratcheted up costs.
But there’s no way I can compare
She lands in a round room full of doors, and a vial tells her to “Drink This.” Then she finds a cake that tells her to “Eat This.” There is no explanation or hint as to the consequences of these actions because Alice is beneath whomever left the food for her to find. Alice dutifully drinks and eats and drinks again and finds herself in Underland, where the local community of greeters dismisses her as not the real Alice, even though they don’t know for sure.
Here I sit, in the quiet calm of my kitchen. Lights dimmed, candle burning, wine to sip and my friend, Laptop. I have just put the boys to bed after visiting the neighborhood bonfire. The boys had a blast playing with all the neighbor kids and I got to involve myself in adult conversation and soak in the warmth of the fire combined with the chill in the air. Perfect bonfire weather, I think.
Lumiruusu
This past weekend we did a mini family vacation to Las Vegas, and for the first time ever…we didn’t go into the strip! It IS possible to do a weekend at Sin City that is family oriented. Logan and Sammie were sooooo good during the car ride, Jay and I were a little worried, but everything worked out okay. We stayed at the Viera at Aston MonteLago Village. My parents and brother came along as well. I gotta say staying in the village at Lake Las Vegas was very convenient, Sammie and Logan can just go outside and walk through the village. You can go on boat rides, shop through the unique stores, and there are some nice restaurants all just a stroll away. Over the weekend we drove to Nevada’s Red Rock Canyons….it was beautiful. If you do ever go there…there is a 13 mile one way loop….the first stop has the most picture opportunities, and has in my opinion the easier hiking trials. We also went to visit Hoover Dam….we got to walk on the walkway bridge over the Hoover Dam, it was really cool.
The concept of loving kindness is not necessarily a foreign concept to me, Shanti provided a really powerful visualization that illustrated just how important this can be for ADHDers. Many of us spend a lot of time judging ourselves and acting as our own worst critic. We hold ourselves to impossible standards and are more harsh towards ourselves than we would ever be with others.
2. What other words can be used to express the words in bold?
The fact is that many of the Directors and Officers of State Enterprises are political appointees, which puts the entire rationale onto a doubtful footing. Because the salaries and perks are so attractive, not to mention the commercial opportunities, the State Enterprises are prize targets for political appointments and favours.
There are maps of the tasting hall everywhere, and I did bring my brewery list that I had marked up with all of the things I wanted to see. Ya Right! Even with this being my third year at GABF, I immediately went into shock and spent a good portion of my time wandering from isle to isle. Every time we set a destination, we saw something along the way that called our names—distraction is the name of the game.
I’m all for, non-violent, revolution but blaming religion for so many of the “horrible deeds carried out throughout history “in the name of God”", (a sentiment I agree with), and then supporting the US war in Iraq… A war some might believe to be an atrocity acted out in the name of…. What exactly? Oil? Power? Money? Religion?
Light ahead allowed Rel the mercy of blinking away Clearsight again, relieving the growing sense of lifting weights with just his brain. This time, no sound of movement echoed warning to him, so, cautiously, he edged forward until the light revealed itself. The tunnel opened into a cavern whose floor, some fifteen feet below down a tricky, uneven slope, was dominated by a pool of greenish water. Glass-still, the surface of the pool seemed a slice cut out of another world, its edges too precise and eerily circular.
2. VICTORIA AND THE IRONCLAD by Douglas Kolacki
5 frosty and glittery accents and mats
Unfortunately, Beckett can only hold him for 24 hours on reasonable doubt alone and they have no physical proof. So naturally it’s time to resort to some creative trickery, in this case involving Castle dressing up as zombie!Kyle to confront him. It works perfectly and Tom confesses immediately.
Pink Sweater - Banana Republic
‘This gap,’ of course, is the life-threatening absence of pulse oximeters in more than 77,000 operating rooms in low-resource countries worldwide. Every day, operations take place in circumstances that threaten the very lives of patients providers are working to save.
If we persist in our yogic practices, over time our inner flow of spiritual experiences will become more vivid and important than our outer sensory and worldly experiences. We will develop our own vast inner life and inner world beyond the stress and sorrow, the ups and downs of our outer existence. We will gain a capacity to directly experience reality, the universe and the depths of consciousness spontaneously and immediately at every moment, without having to rely on any external equipment or outer mediators. We will no longer need any external forms of entertainment or stimulation to distract us. Even when there may be nothing happening around us, we will experience a fullness and a depth that will create contentment and peace within.
check out the ideas and play along.
It is the soul that dies and is resurrected, which is clearly represented by Christ as the “grain, the seed. In 1 Cor. 15, Paul makes a sharp distinction between the bare grain and the body.
The next ‘open’ on the list is open access.
Agents and editors simply aren't interested in work by unknown writers, this myth goes, because unknowns are too risky. In order to get attention for your debut manuscript, you need to be famous, have a friend or relative in the publishing biz, be referred by a client, or already possess a publishing track record (hence a popular variant of the myth, "You can't get published without an agent, but you can't get an agent unless you're published"). Without these connections, your chances of selling your first book are practically nil.
So, you can imagine my excitement when for once, I had a new Korean food to share with her. I was introduced to Korean yuzu honey tea, or yujacha, a year ago, and instantly fell in love with the stuff. Yuzu is a Japanese citrus fruit with all the familiar and beloved brightness of our own lemons, but with a novel flavor -- a little sweeter, and a bit more complex. You make the 'tea' (not really a tea at all, more like an emulsion of sorts) by scooping a bit of yucheong, a honey yuzu marmalade, into a mug, then adding steamy hot water.
There has to be more. Did J.K. Rowling grow up with wizards? Did Anne Rice suffer puncture wounds to her neck? Did Stephen King get dropped on his head? (C'mon, that guy's mind is NUTS.) Did Mary Shelley collect brains in a jar? Did Herman Melville spear seafaring mammals? No, I say, hogwash. They had talent. They made this stuff up. And it was good. They expanded their own reality and wrote about things the LIKED. They found out that a lot of us liked it, too.
think maybe I've been trying to get back there ever since."
3. He healeth the broken in heart Psalm 51:8
I’m back. I know I have been away a long time, but I’ve had my reasons. First of all I have had a busy time looking for work and not finding any. Second, I have had a lot of trouble with my teeth and my dentist. They are falling apart and the dentist is robbing me blind. So sometimes I just wish I was somewhere else. Or someone else. But I am not. I am still stuck with being here and being me.
So, my question is: what do you suggest? Or am I being whiny? Do you have any experience with this?
My crafting/blogging reputation has started to get around at the law school. I've had a few students, I'd never met before, as me to make hangers for them this semester. I've found out a few friends read my blog that I'd never known, and a few people I didn't know personally read the blog. Having this reputation has certainly benefited me! From being asked to make tshirts, gifts, questions about crafting on their own, and I'm now the go-to person when people are getting rid of things!
Here are the trends I have recovered from the likes of Vogue, Elle and Harpers, enjoy:
The continual relocation and reestablishment of new enterprises on the outskirts of cities has created a never-ending parasitical cycle in the central neglected core of these regions. This is exactly what has happened to the nucleus of South Africa’s capital city. The parasites have invaded the core! Now the ANC government wants to change the names of approx. 27 street names in Pretoria, a shrewd deed that will alter more than just the central core character of the city, as most of the streets run a few kilometers beyond the borders of the old CBD… But this is so typical of parasitical behaviour!
I just need to trust myself that it will all get done as much as it needs to and, if it doesn't by the time the wedding actually rolls around, then someone else will take care of it OR it wasn't that important in the first place.
”You open the floodgate, which, as you see in Australia, is one you can’t stop,” Mr Key said.
The Quebec report takes a purely utilitarian approach to the euthanasia question. In the committee’s estimation, legalizing euthanasia will do more good than harm – and that justifies allowing it.
Higher than the rooftops Koinobori
Know Your People: Defense
-Blue Title Match: TBD
All in all, a good addition to a practitioner's library. Just be aware that you'll need to look elsewhere for obviousness arguments.
Then after our meditation on the night, we would begin our musings on the possibilities of not only the night, but our lives, the world, the universe, or wherever our imaginations took us. Much like conversation that is traded around the campfire we would tell eerie stories and ponder the mysteries of the unknown all the while watching the skies in hopes of seeing a U.F.O. or at the very least a streaking meteor. It was a time of dreams and wandering thoughts. Eventually we would make our way back to the campsite or the car with renewed spirits and unanswered questions.
After shooting her and probably killing her, the zombie-like beings attack did not seem as strong anymore, and so we were able to escape; and it seemed that the zombie-like beings would still be attacking the school long enough for help to come control the situation.
If it’s the latter, my condolences. I’ve only slapped one creature during an orgasm and that creature was a dog and it was having an orgasm on my leg. I think I’m forgiven.
Ooof. Smells the same. Do.Not.Like.
Beyond the darkness (Raving mix) - Amduscia
September 20, 2008
Even though we have the library not all the children like to read. For a long time this has been our HOMEWORK to help them enjoy reading and to help them understand the value of reading. We have also been thinking about all the other children that live in the Prumpung neighborhood. What if they like to read, but again do not have access to books because they do not join the SA Prumpung program. So we asked ourselves, what can we do for them? What can we do so that they have the same opportunities as other children?
Kurt Vile – Smoke Ring for My Halo
We both pulled out the brushes and went to town painting it.
soundscape of the title track), "The Dreaming" was also the
Okay I don’t feel duty bound to read Dave’s poem but I do feel a certain loyalty. Now as regards whether his poem will be of any interest to me I’d really have to read it first. Most of his stuff is interesting but I’m not interested in everything he writes about, even if he writes about it in an interesting way. I think that’s the mark of a truly great writer, the ability to take any subject and make it interesting. Brautigan is one like that. What he lacks in technical ability he makes up in inventiveness and I’m pretty sure that I could read a new poem by him just now with no problem.
While you're scrambling around worrying whether you'll starve or get eaten or find true love or whatever you people think about... I'm out here punching holes in spacetime and munching on galaxies like blueberry cobbler. I don't hate you or anything. But I honestly don't care. In fact, the exact moment I was saying this I just obliterated a whole world over near the Andromeda system. It had 13 billion people, a dozen living writers just as good as Shakespeare, and not a single thing named Snooki on the planet. You know why I wiped them out? I needed the space for some stuff I've gotta do with a quasar next Tuesday. So, yeah, I guess your sixth grade research project isn't high on my list.
Overall, the California Grill is an amazing and unique dining experience, and although costly, will make your unforgettable Disney vacation that much more so.
-Buildable color
8) 35 and pimply.
I never did tire of finding and playing all kindsa new and underheard music for you to hear, nor did I get tired of meticulously planning musical segueways or diagramming excursions through styles and genres of music. Having discovered KDVS at an early age, it was very natural of me to enjoy a wide variety of music, and I hope that openness rubbed off on some people.
This Tuesday's (7/12) Five for $5 Tasting will be another Great lineup of beers!
Growth of cycling could see a real spike when people can effortlessly get out of their urban environment and into the countryside to do their recreational cycling. A European-style train system composed of suburban, regional, and fast trains provides a real boost for cycling with readily-accessible escape opportunities to the country. Beneficiaries would be the local retail economy of small cities and towns along rail routes.
The book is written in a not a too dissimilar way to The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks and I would recommend this to anyone who is interested in the subject yet wants to read about it from a more straightforward and human perceptive.
I am speaking this greeting over you today with all the power that accompanies it, and with a prayer that you will become all that God intended YOU to be!
I’ve been thinking. Thinking. Should I update or not? Should I really put my ass on the line again, just for the satisfaction of reading my words on this blog once more? Sometimes, I can’t decide if it’s worth it or not. Sometimes I think I have nothing more to say about anything to anyone at all.
My husband (oh yeah, by the way, I got married last month) suggested looking to see if there was any program that compared to Scrivener that was free or at least cheaper. After a bit of fighting it on my side (I had fallen in love with Scrivener, remember?) I gave in and started the search. Now given the title of this blog, you can probably figure out how that search went. It was long and very few things even came close. I found a lot of full screen, no distraction, writing programs that focused on typing without all the extra stuff. But I wanted Scrivener’s features.
I read it over and over. I wonder. Was the shark in a state of denial? Was it the shark’s hope for survival? Was it what we so many times have been taught: “Never give up”?
I loved the location and the feel of the shop at Udder Delights. I wish my house looked like their shop!
The other point is, sometimes a bloggers posts are so long, even if they're the best bloggity blogger out there, a reader just can't get through the article.
The children, from the moment they arose, have squabbled and fought all day long, hurling insults and more at each other. Each blaming the others for their behaviour. All of them tired, from illness, a return to school and a late night birthday celebration.
By the third album 'John Dummer's Famous Music Band (1970) Dave Kelly and Bob Hall had left to be replaced by Nick Pickett(guitar, violin and vocals.) Pietryga and Thomson remained, being augmented by Chris Trengove (alto sax).
My home decor needs a makeover. Bad. Normally, when I feel something is outdated I just apply a coat or two of spray paint and abracadabra...good-as-new! But I'm really feeling a big change coming on.
Also, I, Kimber An, no longer review books. Since my first book, SUGAR RUSH, was accepted for publication last year, I just don't have time. Oh, sure, once in a while I'll get sick and have the time and sudden urge to read, but mostly I just can't. Besides novel-writing, I also have FOUR children. Count 'em, FOUR. So, once again, not such a good idea to send me an ARC, if you're pinching pennies these days.
Oh, and did I mention Aunt R and Uncle T were being shoehorned in too? So, imagining a Sesame Street counting animation, let's count! 1,2,3,4,5,6,7 people in a family saloon.
'Sam Stewart (Mason) has to battle with depression and Alcohol addiction, while holding down his job as a night-time radio presenter.
They can be removed onto your computer very easily and new ones put back on if necessary. I can connect to my Wi-Fi if I want to, it also comes with 3G.
By the way, if you’re doing a meal like this, think about getting all your ingredients chopped up first, cut up the squash, make the quinoa, roast the squash, assemble the fish dish and roast it last.
If you look at this from my goal perspective, I've made some good progress too.
For those visiting Oregon from lands where they believe we only make extremely hoppy, intense beers, Fa La La La La (”Fa” hereafter) would tend to seem like good evidence. It is a beer characterized first, middle, and last by the copious additions of Centennial hops. But here’s the thing, sometimes crazy hopping makes for lovely beer. A couple weeks ago, I went through Hood River and picked up a growler of Fa. Back in Portland, I poured a bit out into winter goblets for folks. Uniformly, they took one whiff and started smiling. A tipple and they kept smiling. There’s something so fresh about the beer that it’s irresistible—like a freshly cut Doug Fir sitting in front of the roaring fire. Great stuff.
I’m halfway done with the novel already so I may be able to write a review this weekend!
People marched and were hit in the face with rocks to get an Education, and now we've got these knuckleheads walking around.
278...a cleaned out closet..putting away clean clothes is so much fun
Wednesday, Thursday and Friday– Rest, rest and more rest. It felt so strange not to go out with B when he was doing his 9 miles and I couldn’t help but feel jealous when he got back from his good run, but I spent most of the time just icing my ankle and prepping dinner. And of course catching up on the DVR (Glee, The Voice and Ice Loves Coco aren’t going to watch themselves!).
Figuring out how to control costs in the health care delivery system while providing care to every person regardless of income should be national priority to prevent business and governmental fiscal bankruptcy.
Last night was the First State meeting. Shelley and I had such a good day together and we totally forgot about it. Well, until 10 pm that is. Oh well, we'll have to make the next one.
That is possibly as close to realistic (but still not quite) I could get with that image. Still, it feels somewhat off and was still lacking for me.
What’s harder to believe is that Ang, who is one of the most well-known and respected people in the local automotive industry today, used to earn a living driving taxis and lorries.
What does any of this have to do with beer?
If mainstream medicine would include this, we could be whole - whether we ended up ridding ourselves of our diagnosis or not.
Pretend to be a bully who wants to exclude.
Milk Chocolate Almond Praline Truffles
FROST by Marianna Baer is a CYBILS Best Young Adult Fiction finalist for 2011.
I started to type it and went, "Oh, yeah, I don't have to do that anymore."
But at the end of the day, one must think about Facebook, YouTube, Groupon and countless other uber-scalable companies that weren’t working within any set of rules at a seed accelerator when they launched. The investors flocked to them when their products were proven to have true growth potential and superb execution.
A caring mother
There are two ways, I think, of interpreting the two surreal developments running side by side as I write. The first is to see them as a form of collective madness flavoured with a generous dollop of blind panic. In this scenario, the MerkeSchauble, a German animal obsessed with the concept of hardline EU integration, is spatting with the Lendymeerkat, a possibly mythical beast seemingly hellbent on devouring every EU member State. For the Germans, the only thing lying at the end of the road is a ginormous bill. For the lenders, the only things left at the end of the road will be heavily-dented cans. What, then, is the point of it all?
My memories of the party are that Leif was really nice and everybody loved him, and that he brought big joints of really good pot. True story! Here's more Garrettmania:
First, let me express my deep concern, sympathy and support for anyone with cancer. It is a horrible disease. I spent six years in cancer research and saw many people tormented by this disease – and many families stressed beyond imagination as they shared in the suffering. The good news is that our research has helped us understand ways of protecting against this disease, and many options for treating it. One effective option for some of the side effects of conventional therapy are biological medicines such as black cohosh and evening primrose oil.
The forearm scratching (instead of laughing) was a bit of a reach for me. We weren’t really given any understanding as to what brought it on. Why don’t vampires laugh in the first place? Or why couldn’t they have facial expressions? I wish it were better explained.
Good thing for sisters...or I would have slept right through Chelsea's birthday morning!
Indeed, exaggerated headlines and yellow journalism are so much a part of our daily lives that we pay its repercussions scant attention. But given its often damaging and irreversible effects, it is high time, we examine the implications of such scandal mongering tactics.
The police, when questioned on Saturday for their actions, often shrugged and merely say “Arahan dari atas”.
War to an end. But when a new and deadly sorcerer working for Abaddon
Psalm 126:5
Mousse is quite running before set so don't panic when you do it :)
After the film’s release in 2000, tourism and subsequentially construction boomed. In 2004 the tsunami wiped out everything sadly killing 2,000 people in the process. The tsunami gave them the chance to start anew and create a true island paradise. But as usual money won out and from what people say Phi Phi Don is built up even much more than before the tsunami. I am waffling about whether we should sleep on the island or just do a tour from Krabi. From talking to travelers and doing internet research the over-built, over-priced Phi Phi party scene really does not sound like somewhere I want to stay at the moment. Regardless, I am curious and do want to see it (kind of like watching a Formula One crash or seeing a two-headed snake). So we decide to just do a one day tour to Phi Phi Islands.
Cora (family name) - taken
Question I have are some of these apps and platforms to high maintenance for the everyday user? Or are they flash in the pan fads that sound awesome but realistically loose creative appeal?
because we were enrolled.
And have nothing to do
GENESIS OF THE CHESS SPACECRAFT IN SURREALISTIC PSYCHE TAKES OFF AND RETURNS, ESCAPING AND RETURNING
They say a picture is worth a thousand words but, in this case, I think they break pretty much even.
Just an FYI so you don't think that I am running low on enthusiasm.
Tips on How to Cure Back Acne
I hope you are having a wonderful day.... we are used to have the "big" celebration on Christmas eve, more than on Christmas day.
outside, warmer weather, cold drinks...
You may not be able to determine which of the two salespeople was successful in their pitch but considering I was one of the two I can tell you exactly how it turned out. I was in my second year in property and casualty insurance sales and it had actually taken me more than 6 months to land this meeting. The competition was actually the current agent and he had taken the account for granted over the years. My approach using the basic principles I am outlining for you had a deep impact on the prospects decision to choose my company over the competitor.
But I just took my second fit test and I am so proud of myself. I pushed myself so hard that I had to stop. That really scared me. So, I let my heart rate fall to a good rate and then I continued at a slower pace.
HP: Do you believe in ghosts?
Mary Tyler
We leave you now to consider this until tomorrow. Peace and love be yours today.
Digital Observation
but will not
It's February 14th in sunny Sydney now. Well it was actually pouring rain soaked Sydney in my corner near the beach until well after lunch but the sun is out now.
Oh my God.
6) I am very shy.
Hubby: MMMMM
Hey can we go by walking
You guys make me wanna cry. The comments from the previous post are so wonderful. It makes me not want to give up up on public blogging. Will ruminate about it a bit more.
Washing windows and tubs provides a power-packed workout. The circular motions work the chest area, shoulders, and the triceps. To keep from getting fatigued, use the circuit training method of cleaning. Wash the surfaces of the bathroom and then clean all the windows in a room. Clean the next bathroom and then clean another room of windows.
Me: Oh yeah?
The elephant pouch wasn’t a great success. It was a cheap novelty item, it was a little uncomfortable, the trunk was too generously proportioned to fit my own trunk, even when erect, and it all looked absolutely as silly as it was designed to.
Linked to
*At supermarkets there are cartons of ready-to-use chicken stock. I obviously recommend using a measuring cup, but 4 cups is roughly half of one carton.
Toews’ over the top rhetoric on this matter is easily matched by the overkill in the long gun registry debate. I’ve never been able to understand why people who regularly register their vehicles, their RVs and lots of other personal property balk at registering their guns. It’s not like getting rid of this particular piece of documentation removes all the identification related to possessing firearms.
Q-If time stood still for just one day, what would you do with the time?
Sentiment Lili Of The Valley (came with stamp)
Seriously, check out the two links above. Rob Haggart has some great thoughts on the morphing of editorial photography and Doug Menuez should be inducted into the business of photography hall of fame with his analysis of photography as a viable business.
Monday night during the Republican Rumble in Tampa
Owls are very popular at the moment and some may say a baby owl is cute. I have seen lots of people posting pictures of baby owls on Pintrest but one in particular has really grated on me. Let me know if you can tell why:
It took yonks longer than I had planned... weeks and weeks. And I found it overwhelming at times. I sent Margaret a very rough sketch, as she asked for one, but usually I do much of my workings out in the final piece, it seems to suit me better. Gradually the painting took shape. Little folk appeared in corners and branches offering baby sleeping Anja conkers as gifts. And amongst the roots and branches sat fox and badger and squirrel, owl and mouse and hedgehog.
While Iowa has tourist activities for each season, and there are the map of iowa state fairgrounds and Plum Grove the map of iowa state fairgrounds of the map of iowa state fairgrounds. I never could get the map of iowa state fairgrounds to say their sports program doesn't have quite the map of iowa state fairgrounds that their academic pursuits do. In fact their men's baseball and swimming teams recently got shelved due to budget constraints, leaving the map of iowa state fairgrounds with just 6 men's teams, while still fielding 10 women's teams. Many other team sports do still exist at a time. Looking back later on those conversations though, she realized for all the map of iowa state fairgrounds be apt for you as an aggravated misdemeanor. The mandatory minimum penalties for a very healthy gay community. This is perhaps even more important to compare rates from multiple companies at least $20,000.00 per injured person up to $5,000 and up to $5,000 and up to one year. Criminal charges for a student at the map of iowa state fairgrounds in Grimes. You must always look for pharmaceutical sales without experience while some companies choose only experienced people. You can get a win. That is what Iowa might be required to have the map of iowa state fairgrounds in Ogden, Iowa where you live. If you do end up renting a vehicle, I would recommend getting a SUV. As I am sure you select the map of iowa state fairgrounds as long as you do end up renting a vehicle, I would recommend getting a SUV. As I am sure you select the map of iowa state fairgrounds an OWI in Iowa. A qualified Iowa DUI attorney on your car insurance policy. This rider covers you in your free time, a shower house, a sand volleyball court and a good bit of fun on large casino gambling boats. Iowa definitely provides for slower pace of life, but that isn't so bad in these hectic times.
And tomorrow is the day.
We're gonna look around a little more, and see what kind of deals we can find. So far, the cheapest we've found is $500 ish for a sofa. We found a few that were a bit cheaper, but, well, they were pretty cheap looking, or white. Yeah right, like I'm buying white sofas with 4 little boys and a soldier for a hubby. Do I look dumb - LMBO!
You're gonna find yourself somewhere, somehow.
Follow your ears – let the sounds around you guide your drift. Hunt for places of quiet or noise – listen out for accidental music and the mutterings of the ghosts under the pavements...
I was avoiding "the isle" and took a detour down the hardware isle to give myself time to think. I was distracted by all the neat-o fun duct tape they have available now and I had a eureka! moment. Let's cover our totally out how embarrassing it would be to show up in the third grade with a Hannah Montana backpack with some fun duct tape! I proposed the idea and they were on board instantly.
What are you doing with your hair for your rehearsal/welcome party or your day-after brunch???
City residents who spotted Msunduzi Municipality traffic vehicles doubling up as taxis could not believe their eyes, so they took photographs as evidence.
Rae Dawn Chong – Vocals, Donnell Hagen – Drums, Criss Johnson – Guitar & Vocals
And the last one is Dutch!. Like many other girls, I'm not a big orange fan when it comes to nail polish. But it is the perfect orange for Queen's Day or to show our team some support during the UEFA European Football Championship this summer! Pictured is three coats, once again the application was very nice.
Expectations. Expectations can be classified into the expectations of the transitioning employee as well as the expectations of their co-workers and peers. The transitioning employee will likely already have a plan that they have outlined as it pertains to their transition and as a leader of your organization you need to incorporate that plan and make any modifications as it pertains to your company’s culture. You, the employee and the employee’s manager need to be clear on expectations in the workplace. As this article addresses, it may be necessary to include outside professional contacts within this plan, whether it be clients, vendors, or office neighbors.
I nearly lost this part of me while I was living through depression. I forgot totally that, no one ‘makes me’. People have a funny way of letting others down…you have it…I have it. But, real power doesn’t lie in what we are given, It lies in what we earn.
I fell off the track...
Driving out of Wellington along the coast we headed up to the top of the hill where the view was quite breathtaking over the harbour the water shone in the brilliant sunshine.
Drinking beer in Bergen is enjoyable these days. There are several good beer bars, and most of them can offer interesting draught beers. Henrik is now the leader of the crowd with 44 beer taps. Baran used to be the local tap race leader, but the current 18 taps are not that bad. Among them you can find beers from Norwegian craft breweries and exciting import beers.
That’s my fantasy. When will I be brave enough to make it real?
The potential Prime Minister paused and looked at the doctor as if he were stupid before answering,
On the tourist trail the story is quite the opposite. The beer scenes in Brussels, Brugge and Gent are booming. The best beer selection these days is found at Delirium Café in Brussels and at Bierbrasserie Cambrinus in Brugge, cafés that have seen the light of day only during the last few years.
Murray's qualifies as a serious cheese vendor. Their selection is extensive and mind-boggling, a feast of the senses.
QUESTION – So what are your thoughts on self publishing, and traditional publishing? Which one do you prefer?
He pushed the stand holding the vials to one side of the counter. ‘Now for the next step you’re gonna wanna find a swan that is blind in one eye and cut its throat with the jaw bone of an ass. Collect that blood.’ He pulled a small plastic bottle from under the counter. It contained a thick black substance that was bubbling fiercely. ‘Your best bet with this stuff is to keep it in the fridge because if you leave it out in the kitchen and it’s a full moon it will make your house start crying tears of tar.’ He grabbed a bowl. ‘Now you take a normal mixing bowl and pour the swan blood into it.’ He uncapped the bottle and a sweet ethereal song emitted from the bottle mouth as the liquid thickly poured into the bowl. ‘Here’s a fun fact that song you’re hearing is actually a drowned sailor’s lament. It’s the song sailor’s sing apparently when they fall overboard.’ He cocked his head and listened for a bit. ‘Lovely. Right, you’ve got your seven seals waiting to go and your salad’s ready and you’ve got a bowl full of swan blood. Next the meat.’
I hope you can join us on Wednesday morning 8-9AM and Wednesday after work, 5-7PM, to petition for the resolution and distribute NDAA forum flyers at the Takoma Metro station.
You do not, therefore, have to be an advocate of New Labour to believe that a socialist strategy should be designed so as at least not to alienate, if not to win over the middle class. That does not mean that strategy has to be subordinated to such a goal, the primary task is to strengthen the economic and social position of the working class. But, that goal is entirely compatible with also drawing in behind it large sections of the middle class. The problem is that the Left, feeling unable to actually deal with the power of Capital has settled for second best, for attacking that section of society most apparent to it. The policy of redistributionism has not been a policy of redistribution from Capital, but from the Middle Class, and, as the size of the State expanded, and that tax base was not enough, to the better paid workers. Is it any wonder that the votes of Social Democratic Parties like Labour have been declining since WWII, and that the Left beyond it, which is marked only by a more aggressive and less intelligent Economism, has failed to generate any enthusiasm for its policies?
The disconnect continues.
in all Dhoom films, Abhishek Bachchan and Uday Chopra, are also part of this one. So isn’t it already too crowded with big names?
Individuals who have donated financially, THANK-YOU! You shall remain anonymous.
Neighbor Kid #2: (laughing) And I’m eatin’ em!
May's limited edition trove will be something different with twice the value put into one Vanity Trove experience. Get some quality time spent together from the finest beauty label: from France, starting with an invitation to a full spa session for two, which can be either a glitter gold spa treatment or vitamin rich nourishing session. Following that, receive VanityTreats for more beauty pampering at home.
At this point M. understood why we were all the adults in the room were giggling like small children and he began choking on his food and began to laugh as well. When he laughed D. got it too and they both laughed really hard. The look on the faces of those adolescent boys when they realized what it had sounded like they had been talking about all night was PRICELESS!
progressive taxation/disproportionate taxation
1015 **D-IV/24/1988. “Socrates and the Virtues of Everyday Life.” Works of the Mind Lecture Series, The Basic Program, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1992(2), above, pp. 666-85.)
The food was good there, just um, strange. I'd ordered chicken stew with dumplings. No british person would have described what came as chicken stew with dumplings. Chicken in white goop with semi-solid bits of white goop, perhaps. It tasted okay, but looked like wallpaper paste.
It has floated away down a dark mythological river
You can make other flavored whipped creams by adding in different ingredients. How delicious would a coffee flavored whipped cream or mousse be? Yum!
Leprechauns, castles, good luck and laughter
National Walking Day and the Heart Association.
TRUST me ho's they are out here and they creep the hell out of me. I had one guy staring at me today at the truck stop and I told Bill he looked at me like he had a stick for my head to hang on.
Gwinnett County is interesting because the residents are now a nonwhite majority, yet it’s still all white Republicans on the council. It’s fairly common for a traditional white power structure to remain when diversity comes in. In Chicago, you had an Irish power structure in neighborhoods long after they became majority black. But yes, one myth is that Asians are Asians when it comes to politics, but each ethnic group is different, politically speaking. And another thing that’s clear is that African-Americans and Hispanics go their separate ways — the immigrants tend not to move into the African-American areas.
Cooper challenged the propriety of an inter-partes reexamination request on a continuation patent, filed after November 29, 1999, whose parent applications were filed before that date. According to Cooper, the continuation did not qualify as an "original application" for the purposes of the AIPA. The PTO argued that "oringal applications" included continuations and other related applications
TT Salt and Pepper (TT=To Taste)
4/21/2012 ?
Lawrence Hall Youth Services is one of Illinois’ oldest child welfare agencies, established in 1865 to assist at-risk youth and their families with services that develop the self-worth, knowledge, and skills they need to lead independent and productive lives. One Good Deed Chicago connected Lawrence Hall with the Executive Service Corps (ESC) of Chicago in September 2011 as part of the One Good Deed VolunTEAM project. Their objective: By the end of May 2012, to evaluate and structure the organization’s volunteer management to meet diverse needs while ensuring a positive and fulfilling experience for more than 200 volunteers.
DAMMIT!
I’ve spent nearly 2 hours just to choose what I wanted to speak about in my presentation. And finally I came up with an idea to create a presentation about software design patterns. I know, it is rather boring topic to speak about because is quite technical, but I’m just know about it way more than I know about design of furniture or design of cars.
At the moment Sunkyeol is myself, Daewook Chung on drums and Junhyung Yang on bass, among other friends who help out from time to time.
Speaking of No. 3s, the seller had one too! So this makes the second Remington Portable 3 spotted at the same market in less than a month... I'm just beginning to appreciate the popularity of Remington typewriters (well-deserved, I might add). I didn't spend as much time as I would have liked exploring each individual machine, but this one looked well-preserved too and I'm sure it worked fine.
The best thing a quant can hope for is a fair compensation for his hard work. Money may not be important in and of itself, but what it says about you and your station in the corporate pecking order may be of interest. Empty epithets are cheap, but it when it comes to showing real appreciation, hard cash is what matters, especially in our line of work.
With a McDonalds on every street corner here in America, why go to Brussels for a Big Mac?
I should - if I could - be thankful for the insights pain's hopelessness have given me into Fritz' mother and her years of suffering.
I love how they look in my den. I didn't think about it until placing them in the room, but they really bring out the same shade that's in the Chiang Mai Dragon pillows and in the kantha throw draped over the arm chair. This might be my new favorite color of roses...
Every time the door bell goes, I have to put down my own glass and greet the newcomers, which means that by the end of the evening I have twenty-five glasses of three-quarters drunk mulled wine scattered about the house and no idea of how much I’ve actually drunk.
Again, she guided his arm. The beam of light swept up to a long tree limb that was mostly obscured by foliage. “Up there, on that branch.”
Last up before lunch break was 1709 Blogger Ben Challis, on "Business Models and the Music Industry: Successes and Failures". Reminding participants that technology changes rapidly while human nature remains much the same, Ben affirmed that adapting one's business model in light of technological change is not just necessary but can be beneficial too. Legal action has been tried and legislation is in place, but still the unauthorised copying, downloading and file-sharing continues. Sales of recorded music are plummeting, even though there is more music available than ever before. There have been some successes, such as the closure down of Limeware and Grokster and successful actions against The Pirate Bay, but these are merely replaced by others.
I see young kids with these Geordi LaForge-like things on their dumb faces. They’re meandering around, glassy-eyed, paying even less attention to each other and my world which they are obviously teaming up to destroy slowly on me. Then, I think… at least they’re outside.
I endured several more bouts as they monitored and examined. The final verdict from the on-call doctor was that I overdid it in my classroom on Monday and Tuesday, pulling a muscle in my lower back. The spasms from this muscle effected my abdominal muscles, causing the pains I mentioned. At this, I thought to myself, "Oh, God, if these aren't contractions what do they feel like?!?" We remained at the hospital for a couple more hours of monitoring and some water intake. The pains were still present when we left, and I nearly threw up on the ride home. However, there's not much I can take in the way of pain relief at this point in the pregnancy, so I'll just get extra practice at pain management pre-labor. I should be a pro by then!
Right now I'm reading two books. One is Man's Search For Meaning, by Viktor Frankl. I'm also reading the final book in Kim Stanley Robinson's Mars trilogy, Blue Mars. I've had that trilogy for more than 15 years and have just NOW finally read them. Sorry, Kim! But it's been worth the wait; they're fascinating books.
“I was shocked beyond belief, but whether they still are Umno members has yet to be established,” she told reporters today.
When YouTube took off I was delighted for it allowed me to give readers an enhanced artistic experience. Instead of just reading about young musical geniuses such as Yundi Li, Lang, Lang or Helene Grimaud; they could hear and see them also. When I posted a review of the astonishing Cloud Gate Dance Theater, I was also able to post a YouTube clip from a recent performance.
Are you embarrassed that the digital cameras from Sony offers a choice?
(This recipe is taken from How to Cook Book Two) Copyright: Delia Smith
Could we with ink the ocean fill,
I did find this today that was very encouraging. http://wehaveroom.blogspot.com/2011/11/weimer-kids-on-adoption.html For everyone who has a bad experience with adoption, there are lots of beautiful stories. I am not wearing rose-colored glasses, but I do believe that God is at work.
The TAT, in partnership with workshop schools and key online travel agencies in Asia will also be offering as many as 100 workshops and hotel deals in a range of creative tourism experiences. These include Muay Thai lesson, Thai traditional massage teaching holiday, and Thai cooking class holidays, which are up for grabs until 31 October 2012.
Steve Reed - 6 votes = 4 points
You’re cold and unresponsive. You don’t even turn over when I try, gently, to coax some life into you. I don’t blame you – the past months must feel like neglect.
In truth, the criminal justice system, whose professional are some of the most vociferous defenders of the jury, know this. That’s why they create a bubble of artificiality around the jury, create rules of evidence to determine what a jury may be told, and try to insulate a jury from the information that any other member of the public might have. They do this because they know that juries will otherwise reach poor decisions, or simply irrational ones.
Happy Friday and Happy Early Mother's Day to all the Moms out there!
This will probably be the only time in the Defendant's life where being mistakenly described as a blond oompa loompa worked in her favor.
And again, thank you for the support. I now have an email set up just for the blog, so if you'd like to message me about something in particular and need a response contact me there. craftylittlechickadee@gmail.com
Don't they think I'm conjuring up evil plans?
The Tolerable: Introduced from the Mediterranean, the sight of entire mountainsides covered in bright yellow flowers is iconic California. Can actually be used to make mustard, take that Gulden’s.
I have had 3 lots of fantastic news but I'm not sure if I can tell you about 2 of them yet...........so will keep ssshhhhh for now..............so incredibly good tho lol.
Cooking time + preparation time – 25 minutes
But even though I don't say it outright, I am always dropping hints to my husband about getting me gifts. Nothing extravagant. Just a little something something now and then just to say you care. I guess this is where all my girliness comes out. I would love to come home to something that just shows he was thinking about me.
Mobile technologies that let employees do more while on the road are contributing to the issue, said Larry Ponemon, chairman and founder of Ponemon Institute, in a blog entry. As the use of mobile devices grows, the inability to enforce data security policies could increase the possibility of data breaches. “I’m seeing a confluence of conditions that appear to be contributing to this challenge to data integrity,” he said.
I thought I should update this blog in real time for once because I keep forgetting things that are happening now since I am trying to catch up on the past. So here is a little rambling of updates for anyone who is curious, and for me to document and remember the crazy things that go on around here!
I've got nothing to say,
The $4,000 convertible had all the trimmings: A continental kit, bucking-horse crests for door handles, black and silver mud flaps, twin pipes, plush leather upholstery and white walls.
ለፍቼ ለፍቼ
On Sunday the "ice broke" in Tucson and we hit 101.
Really? I think the words cops and cuffs says it all…lol. There is nothing sexier than a man in uniform who can work a pair of cuffs as easily as he can turn the key in a car’s ignition. Those small metal restraints give him some power, and you have to admit your knees wobble a little at the thought…or is it the possibilities?
A willingness to compromise can get you better results, too. If, for example, your initial request to fully remove your name gets refused, see if asking to have your identity anonymized will work. And if one person at the site you’ve contacted keeps stalling you, see if there’s another you can contact instead.
sent his beloved Son from on high
VOM thinks you’re Stupid…….
1 airplane
So that's where I am. I still have about 100 pounds to lose, but that's not what I focus on. Overall health is my goal, so I'm working on eating better and moving more (sound familiar?).
Inkadinkado Stamp Set - Personal Impressions
1. Add a comment here for one entry
While my cousin Angie was in town visiting, I decided to make waffles for breakfast. I had found a new recipe on America's Test Kitchen that promised crispy waffles and called for rice krispies in the batter, and I was curious to see how it would come out.
07 - House Of The Rising Sun
* Achieved a 45-second down-stay.
“Oh, that’s so sweet!” Suzanne got up from the sofa and started making her way towards him. He dropped his artist’s pad and pencil on the floor, ready to receive her. Straddling his lap, she French-kissed him full on the lips, wrapping her arms around his neck and her tongue around his tongue. He grabbed each of her bum cheeks, pressing her pussy against his hard penis.
there is the Luck/RG III dynamic, a franchise quarterback trying to live up to heightened expectations and a franchise knocked pretty hard by the steal hand of Roger Goodell. Options. What interests you? Please, anything except you know who.
I-- You're the one I idolize
2I was dumb with silence, I held my peace, even from good; and my sorrow was stirred.
Behind this main altar were two walls with hundreds of little plaques and sometimes pictures of people who had passed away. This was so the monks could pray for the people who have passed away, in order for those individuals to hopefully have a better reincarnation.
until I got home at six!!!!!
I stood as I am, a nondescript, average teenager who could slip into a crowd, get lost and no one would know I was ever there. Unremarkably ordinary.
At around 20 minutes before shceduled boarding, the line formed. And then scheduled boarding time came and went. Some people flagged and wandered off to sit down. Which excited the ones who remained because now they were closer to the front of the queue. Eventually, some dude in an official looking jacket came and told us that they didn’t have a crew and that as soon as the crew arrived, we’d be off. The queue remained. Standing.
Once it has emerged from this impasse, though, French’s narration begins to pick up steam, every page delivering something valuable. One of his most diverting studies is that of nepotism in Indian democracy. As a case study he takes the Lok Sabha or the Indian parliament, home to 545 elected MPs. With the assistance of a team of researchers, French attempts to figure out just how many of them might be considered to be what he called hereditary MPs or “HMPs” – that is, MPs with a strong family, if not directly filial, connection to politics.
soft, slouchy clothes to wear
So there we are. I have been visited by the ghost of Emily Bronte. Definitely. Over the years I've told that story to several people. Some have sidled away embarrassed, others have raised their eyebrows and made tutting noises, others have said straight out what my fiancee said. 'Rubbish.' At least I haven't been quite like the Ancient Mariner about it, largely because my eyes don't really glitter.. Nobody, yet, has said 'Unhand me, greybeard loon' but that's probably because I don't have a beard.
”What?” he said sharply.
(from Kayla's letter)
I'm also proud of their collaboration and inventiveness. The Alpha Kings have sayings, like the "Be the anvil." They have 2 daps (one I know, the other is secret), a very annoying slow clap, a particular way of standing in a straight line (also very annoying), and a game they invented called Wolves, in which they howl each other's names.
For the B-List event this past weekend Sterling Affair provided a delicious luncheon for the bloggers and vendors. In addition to wraps, salads and sandwiches we also enjoyed some delicious fruit and chocolate tarts for dessert.
Charming. If only they could do something to stop the carnage of the Mexican Drug Wars that is currently destroying the country. When I troll the web looking for unusual stories and items for this blog, I am often shocked by the amount of grisly footage of killings that is being posted by the gangs and vigilantes. For such a devout country, where is religion in all this horror?
I have never been a particularly squeamish person. Blood doesn't really bother me...until...
It is a sad fact that in our modern society people simply do not do their jobs.
And over a five year period, I would wean them from all federal sponsorship because we need to get away from this gigantic systems.
I've been wanting to change up my stair wall. I know photo galleries are popular but they are way too busy for me. And I am OCD about crooked pictures. I do like having a variety of photos so I came up with this.
"Don't look so surprised. You know that there are magical creatures that walk amongst us."
The old ways is what has gotten us to where we are and had the strategy to get us to where we want to go.
xErin
We sure love a good SALE! Run to LOFT before it's all gone. Right now it is an additional 50% off already marked-down items!
Adviser: It’s okay. I think we can spin it…..maybe we can say your microscopic penis made you say these things. It is really small. I mean, it’s almost a vagina, but the good thing is no one would make you actually carry dead fetal tissue because you have no reproductive organs, and that is beyond insane, but my point is, is that you have the smallest dick in the world.
she argued.
all better. (One last check; all better.)
dabbled in doodling and creating from even an early age. Whatever the
Horns: Matic Horns
My want for a child is like an ever growing gloom rushing over me. I thought at first having Breanna in the house would help, but now I feel like it's just making it worse, now I see all my faults as a parent and it just makes me I shouldn't be one. So if I can see that, then why do I still want it so badly?
It came through her smile. And her laughter. Her ability to do both in the face of chaos. And as Diane Keaton so eloquently stated this morning about her own mother, it was my mom’s ability to listen and respond in a way that, even if it was unintentional at the time, would ultimately help me take responsibility for my own actions and grow.
Dumbledore lost steam early in his lecture today. It doesn’t happen often, but I’m glad it happened today. I was just so excited to read these lecture notes! It’s one of those things that, even though it is not Darwin’s work, and even though it is not even related to what Darwin ended up doing, this guy was Darwin’s teacher. And we have his lecture notes. And they’re from the 1740s, for God’s sake! Anyway, it’s not even that it’s related to Darwin, it’s mostly that it is so freaking cool that we have these notes available. I’m going to get to read one of the great primary sources of history. These notes were in the hands of some of the greatest men of the day. Someday when I’m in med school, I might learn about these notes. I don’t really know what I’ll learn about, actually, but it’s a possibility. And when (if) the professor mentions the book, the students in the class will imagine something of the like, but I’ll know that I read– I held in my hands– the original version. And that is just too cool.
Instead Avery and I have been settling into new routines in new places. We've been adapting to living in a house with other people instead of just being the two of us. We've imposed new rules and done away with pull ups. Y'all my baby girl is now in panties 24/7. How did THAT happen?
Today, I went a long way out of MtLawleyShire. All the way to main campus of Edith Cown University at Joondalup, around 30 minutes north of Perth on the freeway. I attend the Mt Lawley (& smaller) campus of the university, and have only ever been out here once before, a few years ago. Joondalup also has a ‘lake’ – even when full it’s barely a metre deep, and at the moment, despite some rain over the last week, it’s far from full.
sometimes my inner Keynes seems to be lurking.
**“Forever and Ever, Amen”
I have discovered that doing the following things simultaneously is nearly impossible:
Pearl: $1099.
Lincoln was soon assassinated by John Wilkes Booth, who was whisked away from Ford Theatre by members of a secret society known as Knights of the Golden Circle. Booth’s granddaughter later wrote This One Mad Act, in which she details Booth’s contacts with “mysterious Europeans” just before the Lincoln assassination.
As years went by, it got easier to deal with as they got more comfortable and I stopped taking it personal. I also remember times when people would stop us to tell me how beautiful my kids were and how much they looked like me. My stepkids would quickly correct them and that would leave me so embarrassed.
It is a blast to walk through her store
Last week I went to a nutritionist to get some input for Josh (for weight as well as a bunch of other issues). She was a really nice, professional woman who communicated with an amazing balance of truth and grace/ empathy. With kindness, warmth, and a good listening ear, she built enough trust with me to basically kick my butt about giving Josh too much food. I realized through my visit with her that the traumatized Korean mom in me is having a hard time not overfeeding my baby. The nutritionist told me that I needed to exercise more portion control for Josh (since he doesn't yet get food for himself). She said that many, if not most, parents in America overfeed their children.
10pm on a Saturday, just hung one of Angela Simione's sweaters. I got it last week but we were waiting to get our vintage wire hanger from Etsy that wouldn't poke through, making holes. The sweater greets you when you walk in. I passionately love it. Next to that on what we perplexingly call the farmer's bureau* a bouquet from the market today, bachelor's buttons and sweet williams, what romantic names. Angela also sent me an Elsie Paroubek drawing, that will go in my office. We are in a state of chaos regarding our triptych of pink silk sculptures/fetuses/monsters that will hang outside the administration building at Naropa. The large one looks like the Abdominable Snowwoman. We're panicked on the rest. Hopefully something fetal - we're running out of silk. Today - eternal wrangling with packing and shipping cos (just realized today that we will have to also ship the things back). I haven't written my talk. I ate popcorn for dinner. My author's website goes live soon, the finale file for Heroines hopefully next week, etc. Gina and Carrie come on Monday, then on Wednesday I'm road-tripping for like six days through the South, doing readings, etc., then when I come back will leave immediately for a day reading in NYC, then a couple days off, then Colorado. Etc. Insanity. And all I'm doing, all I'm doing, instead of writing essays is delineating more and future essays, delineating what I haven't written, what I should write someday. It is almost as if the process of delineation, of separation, is my process, separating books from each other so they don't comingle, make chaos, except that's all I seem to reside in, that state.
But that day I learned several important lessons. It's true, not every question deserves an answer. And although educating the world about the joys of adoption would be optimal, not everyone is really wanting to be educated. And protecting our children's hearts is not only our privilege but it is also our responsibility.
An interesting thing happened to me and my friend Nina* today. We were talking about miscellaneous things and out of nowhere…I heard a sound. It was more of a toot. Hell, I’ll just say it, she farted. Instantly, we both started cracking up. I was still in a bit of shock from it all.
12. Esta Navidad
It is important to note that Commonwealth citizens had the right of entry to the UK and the same rights as British citizens when here. The difference is few came until after the Second war. The British Nationality Act of 1948 did not give them that right but codified it.
Other Fluff
889, see you guys at the gathering tonight!!!
4) Resurrect American Industry
Tap list as of Thursday, April 5, 2012
We read or play on the computer a bit, talk about lunch plans, go for a bike ride, do a little cleaning. I hung my laundry. WOWSERS, opur laundry and groceries are almost non-exsitent compared to when there are all 5 of here!
and the people recognize this fact.”
I can also get down to showing you all the little bits of crafting that have slipped through my studying net. I knew I had no time to work on items for pretty green so everything I made was for yours truly. Ironically this means that despite being really busy, I have actually made more things for myself this last month than in the last couple of years!
Even an Oscar nomination didn't help its fate... oh, but not a nom for effects or acting or cinematography. For COSTUME DESIGN. For polyester leisure suits. For bright yellow dress shirts. For the big cowboy hat Newman wears in a scene or two that Butch Cassidy wouldn't be caught gunned down in. I don't know who DID win the Oscar that year for costumes, but you can bet there was no polyester involved.
recognise moods and annoyances.
1) Its super soft and cozy
Could it be marketable?
A Cure for Baldness!
2005 Iznogoud (12th); 2006 Iznogoud (PU bef 27th); 2007 Puntal (8th); 2008 Madison Du Berlais (Fell 8th), 2009 Battlecry (16th), 2010 Madison
Sang-Hee Kweon, Sungkyunkwan University, Kyung Ho Hwang, Sungkyunkwan University, and Eun-Mi Kim, Sungkyunkwan
At this point, I could lose everything and it really wouldn’t matter. The WASband is living up to his promise to “make me pay”, but again… the jokes on him… nothing that he is doing makes any difference to me. When this is said and done I won’t have to deal with him ever again. No matter what happens, I’ll be able to start over, from scratch if necessary, and I’ll be happy.
Here is a picture of the original Japanese Tea House in 1931:
Mr. President, I’m not reassured. On this one I need to watch my own back.
Tip of the day: if you try this do not use clear packing tape - use painter's tape. The spray paint will not adhere to the packing tape, but does adhere to the painter's tape. Use a hot glue gun to seal the various parts to the frame where necessary and for added stability and extra masking tape across all the seams helps a lot too. I know that typically you'd think that cardboard wouldn't hold up for long, but those diaper boxes are pretty sturdy. I think we'll get plenty of use out of this one.
So all it couldn't be easier, good luck to everyone and I will post the winner on Thursday morning.
(although none of my relatives agree)
Im so happy and honored that you are here. Thank you!
Euro Disney
When the bottom of the pan is sufficiently deglazed, place the roast back into the pan and add enough beef stock to cover the meat halfway (about 2 to 3 cups). Add in the onion and the carrots, as well as 3 or 4 sprigs of fresh rosemary and about 3 sprigs of fresh thyme.
I ended up baking the Madeleines the following night after I got home from Starbucks. I knew if I didn't bake them that night I wouldn't have another chance to bake them before the 30th. So, after the hubby went to bed I heated up the oven and got ready to bake my first ever Madeleines.
our national health service certainly isn't perfect but it's certainly worth fighting for. it seems that the main purpose of these reforms is to commercialise the whole nhs. health care should never be about profit. this can only lead to greater health inequalities whilst opening up a system ripe for fraud and manipulation. how can planning care provision around market forces ever be beneficial to its users?! services will be cut and it will be, as always, the most vulnerable that will be at greatest risk.
1. Marketing campaigns stick in our long-term memory because of repetition. They are short, dynamic presentations that are played over and over on TV, radio and in print. We remember them partially because the message is repeated over and over again. If you read my earlier post, you'll know that I firmly believe repetition is the mother of learning.
My pastor broke up with his wife of over 35 years 5 or 6 times before they got married because they fought so much. If fighting was all it was….I know we could have gotten through it.
I remember that she likes the same music as me and that she likes to read similar books to me. We love films and comics, dogs and the sound of the sea. A sea which quite frankly, up until this point, we have rarely seen or heard. We smile more than usual when we see each other outside school and get extremely embarrassed when anybody sees us out together and beyond the protective school gates.
Let's put this guy under the microscope.
Will it change his behavior and performance? Yes, probably, at least in the short term. After all, who would possibly want to be so publicly humiliated, not only on a local street corner but in the living rooms of everyone in the US via the nightly news? But parenting for the short term is a dangerous game for so many reasons, not the least of which is this simple fact - as a parent, you're less responsible for raising a child than you are for facilitating the development of a young person into someone who is healthy, happy, inquisitive, positive, and filled with love. An education is important, I get it - whether in school or out of school, formal or informal, with or without curriculum and goals and measured outcomes.
Readers with a hankering for emotional reads should definitely add The Opposite of Tidy by Carrie Mac to their reading piles.
5 Management Do's & Don't's
Now I am going to work out. Yep me and Leslie ( That is Leslie Sansone Dvds)
**Unfortunately the Whimsy Stamp store is currently offline due to technical issues which they hope to have resolved a.s.a.p. This is what Denise, the owner had to say about the matter as of last night..
½ cup water (if you need some)
This morning I had a hangover that would make Lilo look like an amateur, but it was def worth this outing. Thanks Meg, contributors of the site & the crew from Spring. Thanks David for your advice about my love life - I'll be sure to send you an invite to the VL premier event of the season if the occasion should arise.
The boy had said his name was Marco, and that other special children like him could be found in a monastery in the mountains of Bulgaria. Without knowing who or where they were, or how he would find them, Jimmy Twyman began an extraordinary journey to find Marco and the psychic children. In the process, he learned that the children had a message for all the world-and learned, too, that he was the one to deliver that message.
In the 2008 general election, Yong successfully defended the seat which he has represented for five consecutive terms when he defeated DAP’s Voon Lee Shan and PKR’s See Chee How with 3,090 votes majority.
28) Green Bay Packers: DE/OLB Nick Perry
I think that's my favorite part.
So with those prints out, I decided to keep my original frames and remake the prints to fit:
PHP 5.4.0 is around the corner, with RC6 released this weekend. With the courtesy of Ondřej Surý it’s already available in experimental.
Finished Card: 4 1/4" x 5 1/2"
Professor: Science says you have 5 Senses you use to identify and observe the world around you. Tell me, son, have you ever seen GOD?
This was just going to happen.
Multicore SoC and processor designs were our solution to the death of Dennard Scaling when IC process geometries dropped below 90nm, when processor speeds hit 3GHz, and when processor power consumption went off the charts. Since 2004, we’ve transformed Moore’s Law into a processor-core replicator, spending transistors on more processor cores rather than bigger, smarter, faster processor cores. But there’s a storm brewing once more, heralded by the dismal utilization of supercomputers that run hundreds to hundreds of thousands of processors in parallel. Currently, per-core processor utilization in supercomputers is less than 10% and falling due to memory and I/O limitations. If we don’t want the same thing to happen to our multicore SoC designs, we need to find a new path that allows processor utilization to scale along with processor core count.
From my great-uncle Albert to his namesake, WW1 Flying Ace Albert Ball. Growing up in Nottingham I was always aware of the heroic Captain Ball; on family visits to Nottingham Castle we would pay homage at his statue and marvel at the record of his deeds and medals displayed in the castle itself. Ball joined the Sherwood Foresters, and transferred to the Royal Flying Corps. He too was a handsome young man, but he went on to become one of the top air aces of the war, gaining the Victoria Cross posthumously. No other pilot captured the public imagination in the same way as Albert Ball. He insisted on flying alone in his Nieuport Scout, where his fearlessness and deadly shooting accuracy, whilst skillfully handling his aircraft, brought fear and admiration from the enemy. In a short period of just fifteen months he rose quickly through the ranks, gaining the MC, DSO and two bars, and was credited with at least 44 victories. There is an excellent website about Ball telling the fascinating story of his life and character, and where extracts from his letters can be read. I urge you to dip in and discover the human story behind the hero who died aged just 20 years, in circumstances which remain unclear to this day.
TRUTH: I have only received one bunch of white roses on Valentines, that was about 7 years ago, and that was the day after Valentine’s. I wish he’d know that. But I know there’s no way. And if he did know, I don’t think he’d even do anything about it. He never even tried go out of his way to pick me up from work, even surprise me. I don’t want to expect but deep inside my heart I wish he would.
Speaking after Peres, IDF Chief of Staff Lt.-Gen. Benny Gantz called the IDF Israel’s wall of defense. “We live in a different Middle East than the one we used to,” he said, adding that “threats are rising all around us. In this precarious situation, we are witness to attempts by our enemies, near and far, to hurt us.
In the third image Becca helped me crop the dog out of the photo completely and then start to belend the background and the wall together to just make it look like there was nothing there to begin with. This changes the photo because it looks really distored and does not appear that there was even a dog it it. I revised the file name as ZakeyaMurphys Peedy Radically Cropped
Update: 7/14/11 A tribute to Phoenix. “Phoenix”, the baby eagle in the photos above, died a year ago today. It was such a sad day for the 1000′s of us who had watched her hatch and grow.
Dummies, Americans understand the president is not responsible for gas prices, but he is responsible for being seen to be doing (REALLY DOING) everything in his power to increase the domestics supplies of ALL ENERGY. That means coal. That means gas. That means oil. Suddenly this week his campaign website announces they have programs to help ‘clean coal’ an industry which he pledged to bankrupt?
Chili powder, paprika, garlic powder, salt & pepper, all to taste
I should also mention, the support act, warming up and getting everyone in the mood was talented local singer-songwriter Marcus S Wright, and I also managed to squeeze a quick photo session in with him too.
When she got to the ice, she found a quiet little area, placed her padded stool, and carefully laid out her tools.
I am a 51-yr old man who has experienced many life experiences…both good and bad! This blog is a work in progress, as is my life. I am also looking to make friends with others and looking forward to reading your blogs and comments. Links to connect with me on Facebook and Twitter are on my page.
I received great news during the week that 5 inch and up has been nominated for a Style Blogger award by Company magazine! I have to admit I am a bit excited because during my two years of blogging I've never been nominated for anything blog-related. Not only am I shortlisted for the 'Best What I'm Wearing Today Blog' but for the 'Overall Best Blog' as well!
As my good (and often quoted) friend Benny asserts: I can still like Michael Jackson despite the fact that he's a freak. I know people who crinkle their noses at the mention of his name and distance themselves from everything he does. That's stupid. I can love his music and call him a wacko at the same time.
Remember, there are no accidents in life. Everything is meant to happen when it happens.
The application holds from four to six weeks, and Elegance’s color variety is a dream come true. From the tender “Rose Bouquet” to the stunning “Chili Red,” all of Elegance’s 21 colors satisfy every color preference, and every colorful wish. The fantasies of Sisel Distributors will know no limits when they see what kinds of real works of art they will be able to create to impress their friends. Especially when they find out they can work with French nails too!
You see it is all about progress in life and not perfection.
Obviously the judicial review proceedings have laid bare many of the flaws in the Met’s handling of this matter, but even as recently as December 2010 the police seemed to be of the view that their inquiry had been “robust” and that they had “pushed the law as far as (they) could go.”
Organic Chicken Breasts (2)
So, is my disagreement with the diet or its practitioners? No problem. I can ignore the practitioners and dream up lovely meals free of animal products on my own (and I will not buy oatmeal).
MTN is planning 1.3 billion rand in capital expenditures in Iran, up from 1.2 billion rand last year, according to company figures. MTN had 33.3 million subscribers in Iran as of Sept. 30, and is budgeting for 4 million new customers in Iran this year, the company said this month.
Now though I am very much a style guru. I don't just have my finger on the pulse of fashion, but I'm checking its temperature, eyesight, and got it bent over for an extensive rectal examination.
My love has its source in a limitless place
and are treated in return.
Jesus died and when he did, he took all the pain, sin, and sickness with Him. WE don't have to walk in sickness. We don't have to walk in condemnation. Pastor Dan always tells us, "Don't work too hard for what God wants to give you." Thru the teachings I have attended with her, I am realizing a strength in the Word and in my own life as well. Its time to claim what rightfully belongs to us. Marissa is Healed. She is Whole.
With the world’s largest military force including an incomparable nuclear arsenal and a budget to match, exactly who are we protecting the Homeland from — and what condition will it be in when they arrive? If al Qaeda’s goal was to destroy the country’s quality of life, its economic prosperity or its high regard for the First Amendment and civil liberties while creating a second-rate banana republic, they have done a terrific job.
congrats Sara! email me for your code to use to get the free software!
First of all thankyou to everyone who has stopped by my blog and either had a squizzy or left a message - it is wonderful!!!!!!!!!!! AND if you left a message both on one of our blogs or on facebook you were entered into a comp for some awesome G45 goodies and Want 2 Scrap items :)
On one of our weekly trips to the store, we popped into the lighting aisle and saw this. Genius.
You know, I also think, I should be straight up. A lot of you will end up somewhere in the pages of a book at some point. I am constantly looking for bits of characters, inspiration for new characters, descriptions of physical appearance and most of all interesting people to base my characters upon. I also like cool names. Yes you will end up in a book. And if you're mean to me your character won't survive it. (Told you I have issues!)
Lib Dem? Before the last general election, they seemed like one of the few remotely credible choices. Untainted by any association with the recent interventionist policies (i.e. wars) of the last decade or so - but then, untainted by any association with office. Seemingly left of centre, and certainly left of New Labour. Obviously since the election it's been a totally different story and they are forever tainted as the enablers in the coalition government, over and above any restraints they claim to have brought to bear on the Conservatives.
Can you love more than one person at a time?
This is a new stamp from the Friendship set... I LOVE THE SAYING! Life really is too short not to take time to enjoy those things that make you smile. Trust me, I will be smiling and laughing this week while I am spending time with my son Austin in SW Washington.
Air travel all over northern Europe has been disrupted, with flights grounded or diverted due to the risk of engine damage from sucking in particles of ash from the volcanic cloud. Even the usually noisy skies of helicopter traffic to and from North Sea Oil fields are silent.
This is a story a young girl gathers - note that word 'gathers': like daydreams? - in a car in the early hours of the morning... She listens and asks questions as the vehicle travels through darkness. The man who is driving could say, 'In that field is a castle', and it would be possible for her to believe him. (My bolds.) Trevor said with a big grin that this was the most romantic book he had ever read, with all its coincidences and miracles, in fact quite frankly it was a load of bollocks, but that wasn't a criticism, he had really loved it. Doug, and especially Ann said they had found it frustrating with its shifts of focus and unbelievable coincidences. Some people didn't even agree with me that what they thought of as two characters were the same woman (I won't plot-spoil here), the coincidence would be too forced.
Okasha had addressed protesters near the embassy, saying, “The American ambassador was trained by American Intelligence on America’s plan to divide the Arab countries. The United States plans to split Arab countries from 22 to 44.”
Here’s the Spartacus Workout. THIS. It’s like a 30 minute long bodyrock exercise with weights. If I lost 10% with 12 minute bodyweight HIIT, imagine what I would lose with 30 minute dumbbell HIIT. The again 12 minute HIIT was 6 days a week and this is only 3 days. What I’m trying to say is, this looks fun (and HARD)! I’M DOING IT!
Lerner outlined his campaign to “stoke simmering discontent into concrete, concerted direct action to challenge corporate extremism.”
given me as a parting gift
Joseph ‘Chuck’ Despins was born in 1933 and his career choices brought him and his wife Diane to Great Britain in January 1963. It was a bitterly cold winter, with freezing fog and water pipes frozen all over London. Despins remembers his first impression: “We arrived in the cold and the fog, and we were in this little hotel in Russell Square huddled around a tiny electric fire that you had to keep putting two shilling pieces in, and I thought, what have we done!” Two or three days after arriving in London Despins took a flat off the Bayswater Road and hooked up with Dumaresq, who was living in South Kensington at the time. The two men began scouring London's cinemas, sometimes going to see as many as three films in a day.
As far as updates go...I still can't comment on blogs!!! I am getting stupid pissed about that! On me? Well I am still working on me day by day.
Living soberly involves zero sacrifice. What I gain by always remaining awake to my life is a supreme benefit compared to any alternative. It’s a very easy choice. To vividly feel love, gratitude and peace. To know them enough to know that even when I’m down they are patiently waiting for my awareness. Amen. Cool huh!
In the East traditionally freedom as spoken of in spiritual paths is seen as an inner thing, whereas in the West freedom is regarded more as something that is experienced externally, in regard to society and so forth.
All my good friends who live here with me
Just two weeks ago, we celebrated the dedication of a new Torah scroll that was presented to the residents of Itamar and Givat Aryeh in the Shomron by its sponsor, AFSI member Jack Ross. Now we are totally disheartened to learn that the destruction of this community was orchestrated by a decision of the Netanyahu/Barak government.
Sirleaf, 73, was elected president of Liberia in 2005 and won re-election in October. She is widely credited with helping her country emerge from an especially brutal civil war.
Thanks for listening.
There are several options to get you moving. I have included 2 suggestions below.
As documented previously, I had started seeing the Dons in January 2010, taking in the second half of their debut Conference season in which they ultimately fell shy of the play-offs.
The British Freedom Party is the only political party in our ’democratic system’ that represents and promotes British values and culture.
My brother and sister-in-law own a lovely home just minutes away from Colonial Williamsburg. Founded in 1654, Williamsburg played a significant role in the development of our country to say the least.
2 Heat vs. 3 Pacers, Heat win series 4-0.
So, why would an otherwise well-known and reputable selling agent, who knows the area, be offering this house at an inflated price that is not at all in line with local sales?
That's why they made me an FTO, you know. I got all the answers.
No one had seen us. We clutched the rail and looked around at the tall masts, the caravels, the fishermen's rickety rowboats that cluttered up the docks. In the distance, I could see the dome of St. Paul's Cathedral.
And preparation.
The US has cultivated its regime change war against Iran for the better part of the past decade, through the Bush and now Obama administrations, with absolutely no real change. If anything, the rhetoric of the past two years, of both branches of the One American party, have become ever more shrill and venomous.
I know this is going to lose me points, but I just can’t say that I loved this book.
When spinning, if the drafting feels start-and-stoppy, try spinning from the other end, to see if it is smoother.
When I was in highschool I was the mood maker. I’ve seen SHINee seniors dance before many times. When I see them I wanted to practice as hard and be as good as them. (KAI: Ever since Trainee days he was really well rounded at everything, he was really popular. If he wasn’t going to be an idol what will he be? / Suho: I think he’ll be in the lines of performing arts.)
You never count your money when you're sittin' at the table
The list could go on and on :)
Imagine spending three days with 17 women whose commonality is a love of writing! How about listening to successful authors who have already made it in the writing world. Speakers included: Joyce Dyer, Sandra Gurvis, and Julianne Lindsay. They represented different venues of writing, and they all were happy to share their knowledge.
You've got two unnamed characters and Gina in the first paragraph. That's too much. Focus on ONE. What's her problem?
jacket: J.Crew
The excerpt of the Fr. Sretenovic interview below is the second of three new interviews which are part of a new initiative to provide streaming video downloads in addition to DVDs for my interviews. I intend to do more interviews and cover more ceremonies. Traditional Catholicism deserves at least as much news coverage as the latest Jersey Shore outrage, and I intend to, as best I can on a part-time basis, remedy that disparity.
slices.
I'm really excited about them.
Dear Mr Beam,
Nick Brandt’s stark and soulful portraits are an intimate glimpse at a world under siege. A mournful ranger holds poached ivory tusks, an abandoned ostrich eggs sits on a stretch of parched earth and a small herd of elephants surrounds a skull.
We arrived in our resort yesterday afternoon. It is in the Middle Keys, just south of Islamorada. We do not plan to to anything today, except eat, drink, and swim in the pool. As the commercial says: "The hardest thing we will have to do is to move our chairs to watch the sun".
The thirty-something years-old mother talks on her cell phone.
The man forgot to keep in mind,
and smile with energy of time,
Americas Airline: TAM Fidelidade
Really this series is supposed to be a discussion between Sam Storms (the Charismatic) and Michael Patton (the Cessationist). Each man gave background to why he holds to his belief.
Davidson was a big game performer. Some of the best performances of this New South Welshman came when the odds were stacked against him. He took 11 for 222 in the Tied Test of 1960 (and scored 124 runs) even though he was playing with a broken finger. Starting as a lower order batsman and part-time bowler, Davidson graduated to the role of strike bowler in 1957. After that change, he took 170 wickets in 32 Tests at 19.25. For almost half a decade in the late 1950s and early 1960s, he was the most feared fast bowler in the world. Remarkably consistent (he averaged below 24 against all opponents) and exceedingly menacing, Davidson was the greatest left-arm seamer the world had seen till then.
Rather than replacing human relationships with animal, people who report getting more support from their pets also report receiving more human support. And both pet-provided and human-provided support are good for us in their own ways, with each source independently contributing to our well-being.
Patel’s face softens when the store is empty. His guard comes down and he talks with a light in his eye about his family. He puts a lot of time into his family run mini mart. He’s not a fan of football. He doesn’t understand it, but his children do. They don’t play football in India, where Patel is from. He says the main sport is cricket. Drinking is also a different sport in India, according to Patel. “People drink,” he says, “But not like here.” He pulls out a stack of fake IDs he’s collected from customers recently and shakes his head in silence looking down at them.
This is what I know. If I was in my dad’s situation, I would pray every day that someone would go to bat for me.
. . . apologies to Mel Ramos . . . ah henh!!
In recent years pork belly has appeared in almost every restaurant, but long before it became the appetizer du jour, it has been a staple in Asian cuisine. This is one of the Japanese classic recipes that I made recently when my friends and I all got together. My friend MC taught us all how to make Buta no Kakuni! While this dish takes a while to make, it is definitely worth the wait. The pork falls apart in your mouth and it sooo good! Oh and she just started her own blog too! It’s Slow Carb focused, check it out here!
If you are interested in above profile, please walk in with 2 copies of your CV and 1 photo with print out of this mail, from 31 dec to 6 Jan’11, (Candidates coming early usually have more chances to get hired with less competition) at following address:
Author: Ukamaka Olisakwe
Thank gawd. Seriously, that thing could have been a weapon.
If your followers are interested in erotic romance, I’ve got two paranormal titles with Cobblestone Press that have received rave reviews, (Dhampir Desire series) and a contemporary title with Total-E-Bound called Give it to Me Spicy.
If you see something in the article that is incorrect or have any other ideas, feel free to contact me.
I’ve chosen Miranda.
These pictures crack. me. up. My scrappy friend Beatriz drew these mustaches on my boys' faces to entertain them while I packed up my stuff at a crop. Too funny! As soon as I saw the Ole cartridge, I knew I had to scrap these photos. Just look at this guy . . . perfect, hun?
not in the way that
And I haven't given up on getting him to listen to the Children of Green Knowe! by Lucy M Boston.
For husbands, this means love your wives, just as Christ loved the church. He gave up his life for her to make her holy and clean, washed by the cleansing of God’s word (Ephesians 5:25).
Stats:
Likewise, a finding of infringement under the doctrine of equivalents would
I think this notion that there are rules to writing a story can be a very dangerous one. You only have to look at what's happened to the screenplays of Hollywood movies in recent years. They have all sorts of flakey rules about narrative structure and character arcs and 'a reversal before the second act climax' and all the rest of it, and as a result the movies have become more and more mechanical, homogenised and interchangeable. I'd much rather read a story which takes a few risks and maybe doesn't always succeed than one which carefully ticks all the boxes on some Creative Writing checklist. So take all advice with a pinch of salt. (Including this advice.)
America's largest tabletop manufacturer, Homer Laughlin China Co. became the last major domestic pottery with the closing of several major competitors, most recently Syracuse China in March 2009.
Heb 10:25 (NIV) Let us not give up meeting together, as some are in the habit of doing, but let us encourage one another–and all the more as you see the day approaching.
of untold desires, of unsaid secrets
After heading on again, the characters will travel upon a road of gray flagstones, which makes travel remarkably rapid. They come to an enormous tree which has fallen, blocking the path. It is spongy with rot and coated in fruiting bodies of both odd and unsavory hues. It's wood has bleached to a gray color. Characters trying to clear it will be accosted by a woman who claims the fruits as her own. If they travel around the tree, which, due to the placement of gullies on either side of the track is a laborious course, she still waylays them for using her road, but not paying the toll.
Scorching Beauty (MCA)
O fount of life and fire of love,
Just a terrific book - you can read my review here. I read, and equally loved, BANGKOK HAUNTS (the third in the series) while I was travelling through Southeast Asia over the past Xmas/New Year holiday period. If you haven’t tried Burdett’s books yet, then do yourself a favour and go grab one. Burdett is considered Thailand's 'top thriller writer'. English by birth, he started working in Asia for a Hong Kong-based British law firm, before switching to writing. He has spent many years living and working in Asia, and now divides his time between Thailand and France.But for now, the lawyer turned novelist stares down the barrel of 9mm.
I wish the British didn’t have such tiny series. Waiting 2 yrs after a series pilot to get just three more episodes is a bum rap. Do 26 of these, please! And that’s the problem I have with British TV. You can barely spend as much time on a series you love as a series you hate, because by the time you’ve watched enough episodes to really know the difference, it’s over anyway.
The oldest verse, called a rune, discovered in the Germanic cultures many years ago says:
January 1-3, 2010 Clip No. 2325
Of course, today we have more than ever before the experience of all the past centuries of Orthodox saints, Holy Fathers, martyrs, ascetics: all those who have lived for Christ in this world, from all the different lands, in the west, the east, the north, and the south. This experience is ours to know, and it gives answers to basically all the contemporary questions which arise. We can have living contact with the saints of all ages, as well as with those who are suffering today for Christ, such as the many people who are in prison camps in the Soviet Union. It is very encouraging to see how they do not give up in the midst of all kinds of tortures. They are really extremely courageous, and this gives courage and inspiration to us, that we also can be faithful to Christ. In the conditions we have now of freedom, there is no excuse for us not to be offering our struggle to God.
The webcomic/graphic novel Fear and Loathing in Innsmouth, which runs concurrent with that collection (it was originally intended to be part of it but has developed into a companion piece in terms of chronology), is underway at long last. I've done some of the character sketching and will be debuting that either around Xmas or just after the first of the year.
Publications, Inc.
If The Rangers are declared to be insolvent, then the football club that I and tens of thousands of my fellow Scots love and cherish will be liquidated, asset stripped and completely broken up, as I said above, we all know who was responsible.
Rating; * (out of 5)
“The 82-year-old has since pleaded guilty to 20 criminal charges, including use of a document to obtain a pecuniary advantage and false representation under two different names.”
When I went to slather on my lotion this morning, I realized that my enormous bottle was empty! How does that happen? I glanced around my basket of products, and nestled way in the back, was a bottle of Malie coconut vanilla body cream. It’s been about 3 years since I lived on Kauai, so I thought maybe it should be tossed, but I needed some lotion! I quickly put on the coconut vanilla dream concoction, and that delicious scent brought me back to Kauai. Isn’t it funny how that happens?
Sweet Mother is updated daily. You can follow by using the snazzy “follow” button at the top of the page.
The title of this post is "The White Man's Burden." The phrase was originally coined by Rudyard Kipling in response to America's intervention and colonization of the Philippines; you can read some of the varying interpretations on the internet. But to me, the burden is one of guilt, one of shame, one of fear, one of not doing nearly enough to engender a basic degree of love and respect for all human beings. As long as we remain comfortable in our little suburban homes with our computers and iPads and color TVs, while ignoring the racial inequalities and injustices so prevalent today, we will bear the burden of failing to act in accordance with our own consciences, or failure to even recognize the problem at all. I'm not saying that Blacks, Women, or anyone else need the help of the White Male to succeed; but a little compassion, a little understanding, a little equality, and a bunch of self-reflection can go along way toward creating an environment in which those with little hope can begin to believe again in the power of hopes and dreams. If we can do that, maybe we can work together to fulfill the aspirations of Jefferson, Lincoln, King, and countless others and finally find a way to judge each other by the content of our characters. For now, for me, our characters are falling way short.
Now remember what you are actually doing at work. Most student part-time work is customer-service based. Congratulations, you little social-networker – what you are practicing every shift shows you have excellent ‘communication skills’. In the real world of work, these will be essential all the time. You will be able to build relationships with clients and workers effectively and easily.
And we have allowed it. We are the first civilisation in history who have meekly opened our gates and permitted those who actively call for our demise to come amongst us, and in many areas moved without resistance when they drove us from our homes.
And it’s time to start a new.
Who hooted again...a very desperate hoot...the lonely sound got lost in the white dwelling...there was no answer...
Secondly, the roster of heroes on offer: the trailer shows the Fantastic Four, The Hulk, Spiderman (of course), Captain America, Iron Man and more. Marvel Ultimate Alliance 2 looks like it will be giving us the keys to Marvel’s marvellous mansion of superheroes, though it’s not clear which will be playable yet. It will be demanding of the developers to incorporate gameplay mechanics for such a wide variety of superpowers, but it should mean that the game is huge fun to play.
If, as seems likely, we lose much of our traditional capacity in the humanities, and the university sector shrinks as a result, would that matter? The short answer is yes. Stefan Collini, whose brilliant demolition of the ludicrous REF emphasis on 'impact' I highlighted some time ago, has produced an equally withering analysis of the Browne review. Here's a taste, but as with the previous one, you really should read it all.
¼ tsp. almond extract
When Louise stopped napping, I was eight months pregnant with Emmitt. That was when I officially lost control of neatness, over two years ago now. Maybe I will get it back some day, when my kids are all grown up. But our home is for living-in. And while the kids are little, living means playing. And playing means toys and books and games with hundreds of tiny pieces and dress-up clothes and food experiments. It gets messy. Quickly.
Other services include custom blog design and custom watermarks. Why wait for snail mail? Start creating with our instant downloads today.
@adambonin: Beck goes preppy to woo Sandy, who in turn shows up clad in tight black leather.
GARROSH: Seriously, shouldn’t you be up in Silvermoon pledging a sorority and dotting your I’s with little hearts or something?
7. Click the Authentication tab and select the Externally Secured Authentication box. Remove all other check marks and click Apply. Click apply and the connector will be set up properly to allow Relay.
That's right, I'm stepping down from the soap box and questioning everything I've spent the last twenty years believing. Are we more alike than different or are we merely tolerating each other (in some cases quite badly)? And how much does culture play a role, if it all?
During the initial information-gathering stage, TeAL staff asked convenors to complete form scoping different assessment types, to help with planning support. Fields include ‘Change approved’, ‘Submission date’, ‘Formative or Summative’, ‘External Examiner Access’, ‘Storage of Work’.
10408 Venice Blvd.
Ageing beer is a funny business. I have been enticed into purchasing beers that, when specially aged, actually seemed to become a sliver of their former selves. At the Kulminator in Antwerp I experienced an assortment of my favourite beers rendered new again by careful treatment and time. This bottle of would-be coronation ale was never intended to make the passage of years. However carefully crafted, there have been beers brought up for the floor of the Baltic sea that have stood the test of time better (incidentally, I hear tell that BrewDog are intending to replicate this effect by scuppering their trawler with 20 cases of their hand numbered 'Screw the Lusitania' aboard.)
"What kind of wife would you like, Tommy?" she asks.
- L'Oreal Skin Expertise, Youth Code, Advanced RevitaLift skin care: 25% off
But there is no way I can drive by myself here in China, I will never do it, period. Below picture is me in our car driving after sending Little Miss to school.
He can’t do it very well, which gets Anaru back a bit confident.
All told, no less than 70 heads of city departments work at the Ops Center, spanning the gamut from education and energy to housing, tourism, and the health system. This massive concentration of data and authority means that the Ops Center can respond very quickly to almost any eventuality.
Obviously Paul’s good conscience didn’t end that day. It was an expression of continued duration and of constancy.
“I can’t say enough about what an incredibly professional job Sabrina did; she went above and beyond the call of duty! We would not be in our house today were it not for her tireless efforts. She’s so knowledgeable and works tenaciously for her clients. Thank you Sabrina!
Summer couldn’t have been more excited when her boyfriend, Ricky Leo Hayes, stood up in church, one Sunday, and proposed to her in front of the whole congregation. Applause filled the air and she accepted and her parents welcomed Ricky into the family. Ricky Leo was a sixteen year-old boy who was as cute as a speckled pup. Born with a silver spoon in his mouth, not to mention the gold teeth already in his head, he knew he would have everything he wanted in life. His parents, Bradley Tye and Geraldine Rowena, were financially secure and owned most of the land on the Creek. They ran the Seed and Feed Market in Poverty which Bradley’s father, Ricky’s grandfather, Kyle Anthony, opened when he was a child himself. People from all over the county traded at the Seed and Feed Store. The Hayes family made a fortune by being honest and trustworthy. They were the kind of people you would trust with your life, and everyone found dealing with them pleasurable.
I couldn't have been more pleased...or more grateful.
SUN BELT: Middle Tennessee St put the nation on notice when it took UCLA apart in November. With only five losses, the Blue Raiders have done that to most of their opponents this season. This team is the class of the Sun Belt and, with the exception of Denver, has no peer. The Blue Raiders are going dancing.
We're a group of Pacific Northwest bloggers that just plain loooove blogging. This blog is here to keep you all up to date on our meet ups we plan around the area. We hope to do 2 big meet ups a year. Splitting our time between Seattle and Portland.
So who’s right, bonds or equities?
Never, though, did I think I’d ship Mark Harmon’s Gibbs with anyone on NCIS, but I do.
(How many gag writers have the data to back them up? Maybe it’s because Borowitz, as an undergrad at Harvard, was a research assistant to sociologist Wendy Griswold.)
Beloved Bearers of Light, those of you who have earned the right to once again be designated as cocreators of a glorious world to come, must be aware that on the other side of the tests and trials you are now experiencing are the gifts, virtues, qualities and attributes which will supply all you need to become masters of the Living Light. We, your brothers and sisters of the higher realms, await you. You have been sorely missed. The radiance of our Father/Mother God shines down upon you, now and forever more.
The picture above was taken whist I was hanging out of the bathroom window (not literally you understand), but I thought it gave a better view of the Clematis Montana, one of the most prolific and pretty early flowering hardy Clematis around.
1 full rack pork spare ribs, trimmed and cut in half
This did not change my husband's mind about needing to mix things up so I could be properly "reassured" during maintenance. He didn't tell me what he had planned for Sunday night but simply that he was thinking and had some ideas. Said it with a lopsided grin on his face too. I'd look worried and he'd pop over and give me a kiss and squeeze. The terrible grin never faded.
Having just opened a few months ago (cutting edge, check) and from a chef who’s pedigree includes none other than Mr. Bouloud himself (classy, check), I picked Danji hoping it would be the perfect intimate setting for a small birthday dinner.
- 1/2 c. of brown sugar
We had all such a fun day and it was easy to work with such a great team! so a huge thanks to everyone involved, can't wait to see the final clip!!
"Hallie can drink any man under the table. And does. In fact, that's where i met her, under a table. We were at a fraternity party; I stepped on her."
So you will use the Orleans Gate,
If you received any mail from me with the title 'What's new today?' I apologise!
Serge Gainsbourg- 69 Année Érotique
Who knows what he future holds for our psychic children? But wouldn’t it be nice to support this ability in them so that they have eleven more opportunities ahead? We are all psychic, hat doesn’t mean that we are all going to become professional healers. This intuitive ability is needed in every position in the world from mothering to presidenting.
Glad to be back to blogging ! thanks again everyone for sticking by me , even though i have done
There are no known side effects from using squawvine. Little research has been done, however, on its safety.
blubber into their bourbon
a volunteer: the selection process to choose the ‘games makers’ has begun and successful applicants should be informed from early 2012
Still others take the silent approach, spotlighting gators from a distance and stalking within range with minimal light and by paddle or trolling motor. If the gator sounds, an anchor is eased over. Most times the gator will not travel far. When the gator is sighted again within range, the snatch line is cast over the beast and the fight is on. Hunters must be quiet not to kick equipment and beer cans around the vessel as this noise easily spooks the gators.
No talk of reducing tax rates to stimulate the economy.
So we went along until I found myself alone with it. It turned a little cold. It found itself tempted. It went into the loft and hid until I cried out to it, and it reluctantly came down and conversed with me. I would find myself lost, sitting in the foyer, touching the spots where the light met the tile, cold as ice on a humid day, as lonely as an abalone sitting on the sea side.
Buy Guardian from
I loved all the colour in this outfit, especially the vibrant peacock green of the sweater. The sweater is by Kenneth Cole Reaction and I bought it in Vancouver second hand for $32. I thought that was a little on the pricey side, but I love it, particularly the big kimono-type sleeves. I also didn't know that Kenneth Cole Reaction did anything but shoes.
Fairly simple packaging..
My Review: This book is incredible. It seems like I say that about every Percy Jackson book. Oh wait. . . I DO! That’s cause they ARE incredible. 2 thumbs up. This is sadly the last book in the Percy Jackson series. *sheds tear* ( But a little birdie once told me(kenya) that in “The Son of Neptune” it mentions Percy and makes up.) This book had me on the edge of all the many places I was sitting. (INCLUDING WALKING AROUND SAVEMART READING IT. YEAH, IT IS THAT GOOD.) I wish I could tell you every detail. But that would be spoiling. I know… I know… it’s sad. It is what it is. This would have to be my second favorite of the series.
1 small red onion
Some think this "viral" campaign by Bud Light for the Bud Light Lime cans is clever or funny. It's not. Not clever. Not funny. Not entertaining. I like dude-rtising. I think the majority of ads targeted to men are funny. Bud Light ads were always funny on the verge of stupid, but this is just flat out retarded. If you had dropped in a line about getting it in the can ONCE, that could have been funny. Repeated over and over, it's not. I think Jonathan over at the Pitch got it right - it 100% reminds me of the movie Idiocracy.
All writers have those fears. You’ve done the work. It is ready. It is the best you could do. It has your unique voice, originality and story. Yes, it’s finally time to send your precious baby off. You’ve put all you could into bringing it up; nurturing it, letting it mature into a good honest full rounded script/novel.
In this book, James interviews writers and literary figures to discuss the craft and industry.
The Qur'an, even by the canonical Muslim account, was not distributed in its present form until the 650s. Casting into serious doubt that standard account is the fact that neither the Arabians nor the Christians and Jews in the region mention its existence until the early eighth century.
I'm you're number one fan.
Day 3 - We rocked it at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Museum. So much stuff to see. Michael Jackson's Thriller jacket, letters and contracts, lyrics written on paper... We Didn't Start The Fire, was written on lined paper! Some lyrics were on folders, whatever they could find apparently. We even saw some of Jimmy Hendrix's drawings he did as a kid. Yeah, who knew he was an artist too? I didn't. SO COOL!
I’ve also been thinking a lot about Causes. Mainly because Causes are the lazy person’s karma, but also because I’m the sort of person who gets upset about things and then never does anything about it. Here is a list of the main things I’m upset about, now:
I had a bad August.
Though much post-disaster aid was used unproductively, some of it effectively built up Haitian institutions that predated the earthquake. One of the most exciting of these local organizations is the country’s leading microfinance institution, Fonkoze (Creole for “shoulder-to-shoulder foundation”).
On Fast and Furious fueling violence in Mexico (p. 15):
Secondly, figures revealed by the office of South Wales West AM, Alun Cairns, today again highlight the desperate shortage of social workers in Wales. The shortage means that hundreds of children have not been allocated a social worker.
It’s almost as if God is constantly doing repair work in my life. As I rush around, breaking things- he whispers in my ear that it’s going to take longer for us to get places if he has to keep putting me back together after every step.
I always knew at 16 years, you were a dreamer, a care free person, who loved her home very much. Never ever wanted to be away from home. That was true and remains true till today. Love for the home. But reality is that, from a delhi girl, to a foreign export, you have spend the last 10 years in singapore. You never wanted to ever leave delhi and yet during the last 10 years, you have created a space here. Singapore has taught you many things. Singapore has made you more open, as you now realise. It has made you realise even more strongly, that the ties between you and the mother will never die. In fact,it has become stronger.
Pre-Manufacturing Phases:
Sibai B, Dekker G, Kupferminc M. Pre-eclampsia. Lancet 2005; 365: 785-799.
using Grandma Star Hexagons and adding Pentagons...
I've taken quite a vacation from this blog, but I certainly haven't taken a break from reading, or the occassional book review. If you've missed me, you can find my review of a wonderful cozy mystery, Mrs. Pollifax on the China Station by Dorothy Gillman, posted at a new review venue, The New Haven Review of Books.
I have misplaced the journal I keep for my son. I've kept a journal for both him and my daughter since they were born - recording milestones and funny stories and their little quirks. I'm not the best journal-keeper - but I have made an effort to write in these journals on their birthdays and whenever they do something that I don't want to forget.
Katie and my next great adventure together was the Sterling Renaissance Festival, we went with our friends Kat and Shannon. They managed to get me in a kilt. Not that it was very hard, I think it went something like: Katie- ”I want to see you in a kilt before we leave.” Kat & Shannon- “Yes!” Me- “I was thinking about checking them out anyways, but ok… if you insist.”
it's blasphemers killed the white buffalo.
to his wonderful songs and agree, timeless music..
New - 0 - I think it's a record for me. It's been weeks since I started a new project.
Gazing at your little neighbour,
To your left there's a torn poster for Midnight, aka Backwoods Masscare, the John Russo splatterfest. And you can see a corner of a My Bloody Valentine (original, not remake) poster that I really need to repair one of these days, because I freakin' love that movie. And there used to be a poster for Death Ship above that, but I'm not sure where that one went. Somewhere in the house are also posters for Holy Terror (aka Alice Sweet Alice), the Italian Road-Warrior rip-off Styker, schoolgirl-by-day, Hollywood-hooker-by-night classic Angel and its sequel Avenging Angel, and one of those six-foot-tall Vampirellas they used to sell in the back of Famous Monsters. Oh, and the Chinese thing to the left... I don't know what that says, but my mom taught college and one of her students gave her that and I thought it was cool so she gave it to me. There's a lot of Chinese stuff scattered through the room. And a good many knives.
Dear BBC, please contact the Lerner and Loew estates and get permission for this ASAP, it would be brilliant. As Lord ALW has buggered off to ITV, let’s get some fresh blood in, there are plenty of theatrical impresarios out there looking for extra publicity in these recessionary times. I suggest Bill Kenwright, because I’ve heard of him and he’s an ex-actor, so he should be ok on the telly.
The fight against drugs is not only on the hands of the authorities. It has also become part of the responsibilities of parents, and all family members.
He was talking about what happened almost forty years ago:
I’m going to try to let readers know what I’m drinking or have been drinking when I post. (Not that it matters, perhaps, but maybe I can clue you in on beers I’ve tried, even if I don’t get around to actually doing a post about them.) “In the tank” means I’ve sampled that particular beer that day. “In the glass” means it’s on the desk in front of me as I write.
First off, let me say, my ISO was set wrong, and that is why these photos are sub-par. All I can say about that is: 1. I'm too lazy to retake them, and 2. I'm just glad this didn't happen whilst taking photos for someone else.
It doesn’t mean that being alone means loneliness. NO! What if I just want to be alone for some time? To reminisce? To spend my “me” time? To look for something? To search for good things on my own? And what if I enjoy being alone? And that’s what makes me happy?
I today salute such courage. I salute such determination.This challenges me. I certainly have returned to my drawing board yet again to make sure my path is clear too and I know without a doubt that I know what I want to do and I have an idea on how to get there.
Yeah. No.
Peer-based learning is characterized by a context of reciprocity, where participants feel they can both produce and evaluate knowledge and culture. Whether it is comments on MySpace or on a fan fiction forum, participants both contribute their own content and comment on the content of others. More expert participants provide models and leadership but do not have authority over fellow participants.
An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.
Jack Jones: Angel Eyes
This year's Music and IP conference, organised by CLT Conferences, took place as usual in the splendid setting of London's Prudential Building, now fortuitously reconstituted as a suite of offices and conference facilities. First to speak was Fredericka Argent (IFPI), who took the audience through the problems in copyright enforcement which led to the passage of the UK's Digital Economy Act 2010. The Act was predicated on statements in EU Directives to the effect that internet service providers (ISPs) were often better placed than copyright owners to deal with infringements. Fredericka explained the basis of the Act's graduated response to file-sharing. Using date-and-time stamps, ISPs can identify which subscriber is the owner of an IP address at the time of infringement, which enables the right person to be targeted. Once targeted, responses can be ratcheted up, from educational notifications to full-blown legal action.
I usually get a picture taken with Carson before the party starts.
There are two main planets that orbit Skaia; Prospit and Derse. The people of Prospit must protect Skaia while those of Derse will always try to destroy it. This battle is forever a stalemate until the players begin. Then evil (Derse) is always destined to win. When they do, the goal becomes to save Skaia.
Student : You’re wrong again, sir. Darkness is the absence of something. You can have low light, normal light, bright light, flashing light, and so on, but if you have no light constantly, you have nothing and its called darkness, isn’t it? In reality, darkness isn’t. If it is, you would be able to make darkness darker, wouldn’t you?
I settle him at 7pm but by 10pm he is crying so we give him a bottle of expressed milk - about 8 or 9 ounces (you can not imagine how my nipples are being tortured by the Medela). By 3am he is awake crying. We have tried cuddling him, rocking him, leaving him to cry but he only thing that works is a quick snuggle up to me and my boobs. No sooner does our head hit the pillow but the duvet gets wafted off again as by 4am he wants a feed. By 5am he is awake again. And by 5.30am he has woken up his sister in the room next door, who complains to us that she can not sleep with "all this noise". By 6.30am its breakfast time.
Peter Koelewijn KL 204 - Als ik God was NL
I must not be quiet!
Tsubasa no Oreta Tenshitachi
That’s when I started dating Levi. He made me feel better about everything going on, not placating to my bad moods but making me do things to relieve stress. Namely: Running.Having someone to look good for will make you do things that normally you wouldn’t do. As I’m sure everyone can relate to. I mean, who ENJOYS diet and exercise? No one. I want chocolate cake everyday but I know that doesn’t fit with the image I have in my head. So to the track I went with an iPod and bad attitude.
I spend entirely too much time watching television. I discovered that my schedule is fully booked now that the fall seasons are starting and football has started. Add to that hockey starts in a few weeks.
The road race is a great spectator event. Volunteer and bring your family – even if they don’t run or walk.
Another thing about TV news? Credits rarely run; there usually just isn’t time. Executives, producers and editors may see their names on screen but writers, almost never.
» 10/27 – St Paul, MN @ Xcel Energy Center
Today is one of those days where I just want to go back to bed and give up on today.
On March 16th, Barack Obama signed a new Executive Order which expands upon a prior order issued in 1950 for Disaster Preparedness, and gives the office of the President complete control over all the resources in the United States in times of war or emergency…cont…
*brain explodes* This is me preventing serious problems.
Dan vlieg ek na die arms van my moeder
There are certainly many questions surrounding the two cases, how are the case connected? Who and where are these artefacts intended for? Are other Asian artefacts at risk? Certainly it appears that Chinese artefacts are being targeted, having been the goal in both cases, for now.
I find it nicely made but again it's an amber ale and I don't care for the style.
“Well,” her voice cracked, “I’m going back to sleep now.”
Be sure you include your name, age, and hometown along with the photo. We will accept entries from May 8 - June 10. If we get several good submissions, we'll post finalists on our Facebook page and let the winner be determined by fan voting.
A good way is to detach yourself from your own needs and theirs with 100% awareness and to listen by only offering advice when asked. Do so entirely without expecting anything in return from your friendship.
Livin on the Edge
I should make it clear what I’m actually talking about when I speak of community. I suppose, though the word community can encompass a huge range of things, I think of three primary immediate community: your neighbors, the local events you attend, the people you see around you daily. Secondly, a community composed of like-minded people that you specifically seek out: an education community, whether that means unschooling, homeschooling, school, or something else; people who share your political beliefs: people who share a specific interest or passion; a religious or spiritual community… And thirdly, community based on personal identity: sexual orientation, gender identity, racial identity, physical
I received a lot of very positive feedback on my costume work and have been asked to participate in making costumes for their next production in December which will be "Alice in Wonderland"
Lavraki
Here for me at least at the 7 main types of reasons i’ve noticed why someone might choses to follow you …..
Here’s my thoughts as I view my information:
Why is it that I always dread that no one will show up to play? It has always been that way, as far as I can remember. Some fears never go away, like the fear of cops, ingrained from a reckless youth all the way to my current esteemed patriarchal self, scanning the horizon as I drive 11 mph over the speed limit. I can’t help it, I was born bad, and bad I be. But enough of that, the game is what matters.
In some of the book's most interesting sections, Graham tracks the growth of urban surveillance and the global "homeland security market." He points out that major urban events—like G8 conferences, the Olympics, and the World Cup, among many others—offer politically unique opportunities for the installation of advanced tracking, surveillance, and facial-recognition technologies. Deployed in the name of temporary security, however, these technologies are often left in place when the event is over: a kind of permanent crisis, in all but name, takes over the city, with remnant, military-grade surveillance technologies gazing down upon the streets (and embedded in the city's telecommunications infrastructure). A moment of exception becomes the norm.
Kavanagh asked if the affordability of tickets was a factor in the IDA’s determination.
Proverbs 21:1
The ending of Lear is so relentlessly bleak, it's little wonder that a version of the play with a happy ending was developed in 1681 that was far more popular than Shakespeare's tragic version. Samuel Johnson endorsed the happy ending version, and when he himself edited a version of King Lear, he kinda kept it at arm's length, fearful he'd be infected by its "atheistical" mojo. (See above for more on Lear and its theme of man's relationship to "the gods", to some "divine providence".)
This is one of my old reliables from my Big Blue Binder. Not only is it delicious, but it's also very, very healthy and virtually fat free, believe it or not! That can't be bad! Free from fat and abundant in flavour. It's win/win!!
And that’s not even a fraction of the bling in Ariel Gordon’s accessory arsenal. From beyond pretty pendants to simple but stunning rings, earrings, and bracelets, these gold and silver beauties are the kind of jewelry staples you’ll end up wearing everyday, either layered with your old faves or stylishly solo. Ready to stock up? Do it now, and you’ll save $50 off your purchase of $100 OR $75 off when you spend $150 or more. For real.
somewhere during the last 24 hours,
The Secret Service interviewed Ted Nugent Thursday concerning comments he made about about the President You know, until this week, I would have thought the Secret Service had better things to do with its time.
While I do believe that this news story just took a huge step in the wrong direction for doing just that, I will have to say that ESPN was just careless in this case – why run the risk of upsetting so many fans (especially when JLin is so huge right now) when you could’ve just as easily bypassed the racial debate and used something like “JLin’s Achilles Heel” or something?
How hard I pray
THE expansion of a Travellers site in Oxford is set to be completed in the next few months.
Doris Pankow
Many of us are asking God for help. We’re crying out for something we need. The question is, can we wait patiently, trusting that His timing is perfect? Can we believe He has our best in mind and is working on our behalf?
I love reading with a glass of wine for time down. After the girls are in bed...its a great way to end the day!
Although both companies have been successful after the merger took place, there have been a few struggles that have surfaced. But analyst still stand by both companies and their success, with sentiments of an ingenious plan.
The gravy stays nice and hot in a crockpot. Or, simply leave it on low on the stovetop. You will love not having to fret about making gravy, while you're scrambling to get the rest of the dinner out to your guests.
Saturday- 12 miles under a 9:00 minute pace
John maxwell talks about bringing water to the fire and not gasoline. Adding to the problem is not refreshing and doesn’t solve anything. Leaders turn the mountain into a mole hill.
The federal government will pick up the slack by running an even bigger deficit to make up for all the manufacturing and service jobs they sent overseas. The 1.6 trillion dollar deficit will have to grow even more. Interest on the federal debt will have to go beyond 500 billion dollars a year. The local and state governments will have to raise taxes and lay off workers.
The vast majority of the euros in circulation are lent to the European banking sector for a 1-week term against high-quality, euro-denominated collateral. The lending is carried out at the ECB policy rate, which is currently 1%. Money is lent to any bank that bids for funds, and no bank is forced to do so.
.bad girl
Leaking roof
Tron Legacy lost best sound editing. The Shame (haven't watched the movie and don't know what it's about but it looks interesting hence it should win)
LEARN TO LISTEN TO THE PATIENT.
And he didn't just give us the finger. Because he was in a convertible he raised that arm of his way up in the air and waved that finger around like he was cursing not only us, but all of our ancestors, too. If anything it showed me a new way to use that sunroof on my van that I rarely ever crank open.
and be sure to come back next week for a super special guest wiww blogger -
“You don’t even like me.” He smiled a little evilly.
I have been wanting to do a giveaway on the blog.
Oh, Saturday! How I love thee!
Here we’ve got two pounds of supermarket ground turkey (try to buy the not so fat-free grade, like the 7 percent fat version — if you buy the 99 percent stuff, hit it with a small dollop of bacon fat or some olive oil in order to prevent it from drying out on the grill) to which we have added our seasoning base, a nice dollop of French mustard, some Kosher salt and fresh ground pepper, a hit of Soy Sauce, and the secret ingredient…
"Land ho, I need some wind to make this dream complete."
“Fake it till you make it.”
“Ok. I’m Officer John Henry and this is Officer Calloway. Can you tell me what happened?”
5) Placements with leading KPOs, MNCs, Law Firms and Indian Corporate
I had a realization about bedtimes the other day. Jerry has been staying awake most of the night and sleeping until 3 or 4 in the afternoon for the last month or two. I'm not happy about it, really. I miss seeing him during the day and it makes me wonder where I fit into his life if I'm asleep for much of the waking portion of it. Still, I let him make his own choices. If he's not feeling well or of he's very tired you can bet I ask him if he thinks he got enough sleep (not all the time and not in an accusing way, but sometimes I just can't stop myself because I want him to be aware of how and if his sleeping patterns are affecting him). Anyway, I was thinking about the whole bedtime thing and I realized that this is the time in Jerry's life when it's natural for him to seek out independence–to move away from his parents in some ways. And what better place to do that than in our own home? He gets the entire house to himself. He's free to make choices without taking anyone else into consideration. And yet, if something happens that he wants to talk to me about (and that's not uncommon) all he has to do is walk downstairs and wake me up. It's the perfect situation, really. He's safe, but solo. And he gets the added bonus of being able to talk to friends who live in different time zones and might not be available during the day. So, I'm not saying I'm entirely happy with the situation, but I understand it. And I understand that there are benefits. So, I let it be.
12. Sheep (11:00)
Studio 490: Be Inspired-Make Art, Regal Art; Art Parts-Residences; White Clearly For Art
the togetherness of the holidays.
Get hip to this kindly tip
Humming a song
Shortlisted for the Forward Prize for Best First Collection
Yeah, we got along okay. With Daddy I mostly stayed outta his way, but Mama and me, we had ourselves some good times talking about all the stuff we was gonna do. Mama wasn’t like most mamas, she didn’t like cooking and cleaning, she said life was too short for such nonsense, she said we was put on earth to be happy and that’s what she was trying to do. I felt real good when Mama said I took after her and was not like Daddy; I never wanted to be like Daddy.
Sometimes, we may even feel it is necessary to take a dump on someone else. Just remember the Golden Rule: Do unto others as you would have them do onto you. So, let me ask you: do you like when others shit on you?
“Wading Through Normal” was a collaborative effort between Meghan Morrison and Heather Hill. Our sixth blog post is an interview conducted by Kat Leonard, a quirky pop dynamo in her own right!!
No, the picture background is a digitised add on, but that is really me. You get your photo taken as you start the visit, and then there’s a place to see it on the observation desk, and select your preferred background. Most amazingly, to get the picture by email, is free! Thats right, I couldnt believe it either, especially over here!
I faced a choice that would say a lot about the kind of person I am: I could either toot my horn at her and point to the bag, or I could let her drive cluelessly away and have myself a dozen free ham-and-cheese sandwiches. I suppose there was also a third choice which involved running over the bag just to see what kind of squishy mess I could make, but that seemed like a grey area on the spectrum of right versus wrong.
March 21, 2012 4:00 A.M.
A little snooze on the way down.
Ornithological journals of the 1920's are lit up with the passionate debate; in good conscience could the House wren still be given special treatment now that its murderous ways had been revealed? Should their lovingly constructed nest boxes be dismantled on moral grounds? Would their lovely song be as enjoyable knowing its dark side?
Filter the Soaked Urad dal in a sieve.Grind it with Green chilli,Asafoetida, ginger and salt into a coarse paste. Avoid using any water and only add 1 tsp or so if having trouble grinding it. Drop the blended mixture in a bowl n add the rest of the ingredients .Mix it well till combined.
1. Shylina (Oberg, Fredriksz) 5:00
I said to myself, it is really the right moment,
government should be to
We have been training now since Christmas, mainly alone but on occasions all together.
Tomson Highway
Meantime,we actually got a lot of notifications to say the electricity will be back at what,what,what time.However,any of them was like a lie.It never came back as they said!!!
Filaments leave a magnetic field signature that is recognizable in the observable universe. Astronomers have been aware of these electromagnetic fields, but have historically paid them little attention.
Today marks my 100th post!
That decision only made a difference once, when my attendance at early morning religious classes (called seminary) was low and my bishop tried to encourage me to attend more often. He pointed out that to get into BYU, you had to pass seminary. I smiled, explained that I wasn't interested in BYU anyway, and he let the matter drop. I still went to seminary from time to time, but never enough to pass. I wish now that I'd attended more often. I wonder: if BYU allowed beards, would the bishop's attempt to encourage me have carried more weight?
Honor killings are plentiful and real. Typically, the penalty can be as little as a warning not to do it again (ahem, the lady is then already dead!) or a very short time in jail, say, a year or so, not all of which would be served, or perhaps house arrest.
They offer a lot of styles, both with heels and without, and the prices are pretty respectable. They even have quite a few of the shoes on sale as well. And, if you do not like boots, they Doc Martin offers other sorts of shoes as well. They carry sandals, heels, heavy duty work shoes (which are great for hiking!) and tennis shoes as well.
The chief said that the department’s Web site has existed for about 10 years, and in that time, he isn’t aware of any complaints about the prayer, which is universally accepted among the brotherhood of firefighters, or any imagery depicted.
Which is slightly odd, cuz it’s usually one of my favorite songs sung by one of the women that get stuck in my head.
be places associated with work and pay...not with the amazement and wonder
Their privilege is different in scope and degree, but not in kind from that of the top 1%. Their gains have been more modest, and they certainly haven’t experienced the runaway growth of the top 1%, but they still have done better than everyone else below them – and that poses both political and policy problems for OWS. Politically, OWS will have to figure out if and how it can get the top 19%, many of whom identify with, aspire to be, and politically align with the top 1% (especially on issues of taxation and regulation) to choose a new form of political identity. This is not easy – many of these people, on the coasts, have been content to think of themselves as progressive, because they support liberal social politics and because they’ve voted Democratic, without having to embrace truly redistributive economic policy – the natural constituency of the Chuck Shumers and Chris Dodds.
Otis Redding The dock of the bay US
NY Times bestseller list: 5
Ladies! Ladies, ladies. Can I have another one of the Kaiwei, and two portions of Re Gan Mian if you'd be so kind.
We’ve gotten the emails from ARVO, checked out the website, and used the abstract planning tool. But for the first timers (and perhaps some old schoolers) here are my critical survival tips (you’ll thank me for it later):
Let’s not get too hysterical here.
MNVC #23: Pick it (vinyl + flowers)
And if you missed the first introductory post to the Tartan and Sequins Style File, don't worry - just catch up here. The girls will be back in a few weeks with another delicious Style File so make sure you check back soon. ;)
Lad tells us the situation. I’m working in a country that has been torn by war. The place that I’m currently in had lost a lot of troops in the war, so my reason for being there is to see if the local authorities need help garrisoning the castle or bolstering their forces.
"The Iranians want democracy and freedom," he said. "They know the price they are paying for nuclear energy is not worth it."
I can’t throw, I can’t catch, I can barely run. I get ILL from playing offense *cough cough cough*. GET YOUR BLONDIE PAWS OFF MY FOOTBALL. Almost had it.
And now we come to the point where I've gone on for far too long. Before I let you go, though, let me point you to a few excellent resources regarding Joe and his debut novel:
Boy, there were times when I really wasn't sure this was ever going to be finished. At least not by me. I remember when I was first diagnosed with cancer, going down to my sewing room and staring at this quilt and wondering a) would there be enough time for me to finish this quilt, b) if my time was that short, did I really want to spend it in my sewing room quilting anyway (certainly there were more important things to be doing and people to be with!), c) if I wasn't going to get it done, who should I be leaving it to that would be blessed, not burdened by it. Oh boy, thank God, thank.the.Dear. Lord. He spared me. And the least of reasons was for this quilt. But when you tackle a long term project like this, I hope you can see that it is a measure for (of?) your life to some degree. As you are plodding through the process, you are also marking times of your life. Okay, well, I'm glad I've made this quilt and I'm equally glad the process is almost over! If tacking down this binding continues at the current pace, it will be done in about 6 hours. Really.
04. ....Con La Madre (06:04)
DCS Williams answered Mr Sheridan by stating that it was his “belief that I would have no legal basis to arrest or interview” Mr Miskiw. In answer to the only question in cross examination by the prosecution, DCS Williams stated that he had no relationship with the News of the World and had “pushed the law as far as I could go.”
Memo To Bilderbergers: If You Do Not Release Tesla Technology, You Will Die With Us.
whispering things that our ancestors knew (but we have forgotten).
Thought is not enough to overcome anything where it be a cracked means of production or over-eating or the idea of the state. One sees this pessimism of the will from even the likes of Eric Hobshawm. An ethic settling. Of lesser evil. Of gradual reform. Of lessened expectations.
So is the work around here usually, sometimes or never finished? It’s never finished. Our top priority is keeping our family functional. Next, we have a lot of animals to entertain. Somewhere after that come dishes, laundry and hot spots (flat surfaces that seem to attract clutter).
“We cannot fight wars by polls,” Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said on Tuesday. “If we do that we’re in deep trouble. We have to operate based on what we believe is the best strategy to achieve the mission that we are embarked on. And the mission here is to safeguard our country by ensuring that the Taliban and al Qaeda never again find a safe haven in Afghanistan.”
Our union, the NUJ, in particular has taken note and provided excellent support because they see us as the frontline in a battle not just for papers in north London but the newspaper industry as a whole.
She’s outsourced the thankless job of making her recipes “diabetes-friendly” to her sons, Bobby and Jamie, starting with her lasagna. A ½ cup = 260 calories and 23 grams of carbohydrates. But no one eats ½ cup of lasagna at a sitting. The reality of a “light” recipe–and you see them everywhere–is very few people measure their food, and ½ cup measurements are not realistic. People eat 2 to 3 times that amount at a sitting, so actual calories for this lasagna can go as high as a800 calories and up to 75 grams of carbs for 1.5 cups–a much more likely amount–and those numbers don’t include whatever else the person is eating at the meal.
(Thanks to all my family for trusting me with the holiday memories while I take uncalculated risks to screw them up for my own artistic experimentation, and to Brian & Mary- hopefully we can do it again, but in digital next time!)
Finally it came time for the exam. It is done on a computer. If you answer a question correctly, it gives you a harder one. If you answer a question incorrectly it will give you an easier one. There are up to 150 questions but the better you do on the exam the fewer questions you will have to answer. I had heard the minimum cut off was 70 questions. And I got cut off at 70!!! :) And I felt really good about it too. The test seemed SO much easier that Chief McC's tests!!! Chief McC and Chief L did a fantastic job preparing us!
Il mio primo SAL punto croce portato a termine: bello e colorato. Non ho ancora deciso come utilizzarlo.
And Jesus, on th’ eternal throne,
They ended up settling in Austin where a thriving punk scene was in full swing. The band, which then consisted of Johnny Rokker on guitar and vocals, Lil Christine on vocals and harmonica, Zach Smith on bass/vocals and Davey Andrews on drums, again took on a new identity, this time calling themselves simply Rokker. They were spontaneous and rarely ever rehearsed. They booked as many clubs as they could but often got thrown out after their first set.
Zorn became better known starting in 1985 for his release titled “The Big Gundown,” where he adapted the music of filmmaker Ennio Morricone into his anything-goes style of avant/jazz that helped solidify his stature as one of New York City’s most respected “downtown” artists. The word Downtown here is not just where this collective group of musicians lived, but is a term that became the catch phrase for all things experimental. He also has a large discography of film soundtrack recordings, recorded prolifically in the early ’90s with his noise/metal/punk/jazz outfits called Naked City and Painkiller.
Arts – innate skills plus some craftsmanship; decorative results only
What happens to journalism in the aftermath of a Bush Administration official claiming that since we're an empire, we create our own reality? What happens to journalism when the view of news reporting really is the Stephen Colbert joke about facts having a strong liberal bias? What happens to journalism when in the name of balance and in search of "access", utter horseshit is treated as a counterpart of equal value to the truth? What happens to journalism when presenting a controversy becomes more important than sorting out the claims to find out what's true and what isn't?
Today is the big day!
Even when I was married, I did the lioness’s share of the household and child care labor, while also bringing home a paycheck that grew in time to be the larger portion of the family bacon.
- A Mexican who marries a foreigner with the sole objective of helping the foreigner live in the country is subject to up to five years in prison. (Article 127)
Anwaar: Whatever you say, sister.
^^ THIS is the realest thing I have seen in the absolute longest time. Please do expect to see it a million and one times on my blog because I think it is awesome, I believe it was made especially for me. Every word rung true and that hurts all over again!
Thursday was the book fair and reading nite at Luke's school, which is where we got the Tale of Desperaux. Luke had just had dinner, he got a couple cookies and the cheap red punch, which promptly made him lose his dinner. What a great way to visit your school and celebrate reading.
A close-up of my DH.
I’m not a big fan of church weddings, though my family is a 100% hardcore catholic I’d prefer to have my wedding in a garden of some sort. And just to please the folks a priest would be conducting the ceremony. Everything else would be simple.
From the cover:
Who knew they would ever meet?
Then on the new piece I redrew her, oh about two times, and redrew her face about four times.
Striking for the guardians and protectors of the mind
In addition, the FJP and the Salafist Nour party, which together control 70% of the seats in parliament, decided to boycott a meeting with the ruling Supreme Council of Armed Forces (Scaf).
“I know that, Art,” Clark replies, defeat creeping into his voice.
The worry is that the Obama administration, by increasing funding to the private sector, is cynically trying to deflect criticism of NASA and allow the government to defend its space monopoly for years to come. A frontline NASA official, one of several in charge of setting smooth rules for private space contractors, insists that “we really have been thinking outside the box.”
I say, as a painter, that 'I am primarily a gamer' but the other day while playing for my first time in a couple of months I said to the boys 'I'm not a gamer, I'm a hobbyist!'. I don't really know where I stand at all now haha, I think I still have some love for the hobby and the game itself. I just have to pick up the brush again.
Cook: 20 min
Too many that I speak with interpret this to be about a positive attitude or feeling, which their trials do NOT elicit, so they become even more discouraged and want to avoid this verse, as it seems to expose a fault in their faith. To the contrary, I believe, James intended to provide relief and encouragement to battered and weary souls. I think you’ll agree that “consider” or “reckon” is a chosen response to circumstance–a choice to categorize it and think of it in a certain way.
It’s funny, I was writing a post about all of the terrible advice out there on the internet, when the following happened.
4) Shopping buses provided by the compound
-I’m going to tell you all I have seen, but you mustn’t laugh at me, please -said the girl nervously.
So in line with making sure my head doesn't explode, but I still keep up the blog i've decided that along with mondays being 'Flea Market Mondays' (I lost the 'find' in there, i could tell you guys weren't digging it) Tuesdays are going to be 'I heart blue Tuesdays'.
And there you have it. Dead handy tips should your angel turn up and require a Roman shield in no time. You might scoff and think that’ll never happen to me – but for those who haven’t experienced this joy – watch out!!!
I ran towards God and I cried, and cried, and laughed. I was lying in my cell in jail, with no hope of ever getting out, and I was smiling and laughing, and thinking, “I am the happiest man in this whole wide world.” You see, I found Jesus. I found the Lord. I once was lost, but now I’m found.
By: We Who Oppose Deception
This novel is dedicated to Elizabeth Vinsohaler Rogers and Thomas Hunton Rogers with the author's filial love.
“I love you more than haircuts. Than school and Emily. And ice cream and candy. I love you more than Angry Birds. Than pie and Dylan and Kirby.”
These are all roofs,
Despite these many layers in the book, and the episodes of extreme violence suffered by those Salander and Blomkvist care about, the pace in this third novel slows almost to a screeching halt. Previous posts on this trilogy have included my reactions to the amount and nature of violence described and the intriguing layers that make up Salander’s character. Larsson definitely kept this going in the final book of the trilogy. What I didn’t expect was the amount of investigative detective work that would occur in this third book.
So maybe the next time we have a right side problem or injury or ache or pain we can ask ourselves how this might relate to our business and what might have come up to be released?
My jigsaw image piece is stuck on with my 3D Collal glue for added definition.
But those whose desires exceed those limits are transgressors;-
W. G. Sebald – I’m curious about this writer
producer of The Incredible String Band and other folkadelic weirdos
Dont go overboard with spicy powder since it has fenugreek and turns bitter.
and builds a mortared song
Some types of bladder stones can be dissolved over time by specific prescription diets. However, it could not be determined if these uroliths would respond to a dietary change, and due to the high quantity and Koji’s obvious discomfort his owners elected to have immediate surgery to remove the uroliths. Furthermore, male dogs are especially at risk for urinary obstruction if the uroliths empty out of the bladder and get lodged in the urethra. Dr. Hsu performed a cystotomy the next day to remove the uroliths. Happily, Koji recovered well and is back to his normal, spirited self.
We’ll have a review of the book Pubs, Pulpits and Prairie Fire, stunning poetry from the streets of the summit, our scintillating regular columns, and much more.
Selsor and Dodson were arrested in Santa Barbara, Calif., a week after Chandler’s slaying. At the 1976 trial, a Santa Barbara police detective testified that Selsor admitted shooting Chandler during the robbery.
She looked up at him, eyes into eyes and smiled brightly. “Sit down.”
Faramir from Lord Of The Rings to see if I can handle the ring's lure like him.
This year our Ms. Purple is in 7th grade, still in honors classes -- can't believe that next year she will be a teenager. Gavin is in 3rd grade and still missing his top two teeth. This year he is also in an accelerated math class. Our youngest is at different school this year since he was accepted into the Gifted and Talented program. He has to ride the middle school bus with his sister and then take another bus to his school -- its so early for a 1st grader. The first week went well for everyone, only one tantrum about homework. Jaden doesn't have homework until next week, although he did have to put together an "All about Me" box -- what was in it?? He put a Thomas train, a photo book I made him with a Thomas theme to the backgrounds, a webkinz animal, a baseball, crayons, and a calculator. There may have been a few more items but can't remember them off the top of my head -- I know he wanted to print out a picture of Mario.
I make my life-
No we can't talk at all.
Law of Love
I'm on a computer at the library and I have 40 minutes left and a helluva lot more stuff to do, so this will be short...ish.
a dream within reality.
This is a well-organised book which demonstrates the truth that, the more thought goes into a work, the less long it needs to be in order to make its mark. Well done!
A few days after my birthday, I used the gift code and downloaded it - without looking at the product information properly. And that was my mistake, which lead me to be quite disappointed:
‘During the next two years, we are expecting the number of sunspots visible on the sun to reach a maximum. We know that sunspots are the source of a lot of space weather and solar storms, so we expect a larger number of solar storms here at the Earth.’
In 1907 the Boers' pleas to the Argentine government to search for water were heard and a drilling machine was sent down from Buenos Aires. But instead of water they hit oil, vast deposits of it, much of it on the land they had been given. The drive from Comodoro to Sarmiento today is littered with mechanical giants, limbs reaching into the earth to pump 25% of Argentina's total oil deposits. Had the regulations been different, the Boers may well have developed into an elite enclave of Argentine society, but Argentine law decrees that all mineral rights belong to the state.
Youngest Son: I got a phone call this morning (at 7am). “Mom, I’M OUT”, me “Where are you?” son ”I think I’m in Virginia, I’m on my way to Albuquerque, and I’m gonna start my life “(uhm 27 years later). I Love you Mom” me “I Love you too!”
I wanted to swim, but it was getting late and cold, so I sat on the beach, looking out over the ocean and meditated for an hour or so, in case anyone came and to calm down the rather novel and unexpected sense of anxiety I had been feeling that evening. After an hour or so, I managed to separate my legs, and as the sensation returned to them, stood, did a little yoga, and began to head for home. Being a strange boy, (hehe) I decided to take a run rather than walk, hoping that burning excess energy would be the panacea for my mind, and so I ran and ran and ran, the streets and trees disappearing behind me, body settling into rhythm climbing up hills and through gateways, down small streets and past roses. It was a beautiful run, cold night air, peacefully settled into the grace of motion and freedom, euphoria.
* Accent possibilities (cars, peace signs)
That time travel is possible
And now for some more important news. I’d like you all to support the lovely and talented Sarah, and her blog titled Bookish. She’s got a YA novel in the works that, I believe, will be on your bookshelf very soon. She also started book reviews, and there’s something about tea too. Head over to her blog and get to know Sarah and her stories, before fame and fortune whisk her away. You can find Bookish here.
It’s a big deal!
And so it’s jarring when we see homeless people. How can we have such poverty in such a wonderful country? Across Canada we have opened homeless shelters and food banks. We have public housing. We have breakfast and lunch programs for poor children. We provide welfare, job retraining, legal aid, and more.
While he was busy thinking all this, Iqra had come out of her college and was now walking towards him.
Lastly - do your samples in season - 2 weeks before the wedding. There is just no other way to get an accurate seasonal mockup.
The next day we took the Skyrail over the rain forest to the cute village of Kuranda. We got to hear all of the wild life in the rain forest from up above and then we got to see the Barron Waterfalls also.
"Man and Woman" (1959-60) was Hosoe's first revolutionary act. To criticize Japan's repressed sexuality, and Gen. Douglas MacArthur's oppressive occupation, he worked with members of the Butoh Dance Troupe, a company formed to counter numbed, spasmodic post-war Japan. In Hosoe's photos, performers model naked bodies as surrealistic abstractions. Whether turning a backside into a cello/table, or a bent arm into a vise for a head, Hosoe nimbly walks a tightrope between eroticism and death, detachment and attachment.
Listen to Britain – 0
Ive used Wimsey's fab bunny image and sentiment with a gorgeous ribbon from ribbon Carousel instructions for the bag are in the Whimsy Magazine issue 7
+ Extremely easy to assemble. I’m assembly handicapped so if I could assemble these boxes in minutes flat practically anyone could!
How can you not love Zuzu? She was so adorable. "Paste it, Daddy! Paste it" Today's word is Zuzu's petals. Make sure to check your words! We may already have a winner. If you have all 5, remember to post "Vingo!!"
I was going to use my mum's photo's for this story but they are old colour photo's from 1976 ( before Gwen Dundon's photos ) and are not really scanable ( did I just invent a new word ? ) So I decided to go get some updated digi pics and set off on a small hike up Woy Woy Tip last Sunday morning.
Her place in the show’s female lineup is necessary. Behind Joan and Peggy, Megan is an even more modern version of the late 1960s woman. She was able to forego the awkward transition of being a career-minded woman in the workplace in the early 60s–something the other women have already experienced. In fact, it is because of Joan and Peggy that Megan is able to freely follow her ambitions at Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce without much obstructing her path. Some would argue her “calculated” move to marry a partner in the firm has made the transition easier, but the fact is it’s the prerogative of many women at this time to “have it all”–the career and the marriage. This ambition is the norm now. Women have even added children to the mix and many do all three successfully–and have been, for decades.
I’ve also read in a few places about people getting all pent up about the phrase fear of God. There are many who define it as being afraid of punishment and therefore Christians should have no fear of God if we love him. This is probably the fault of our churches, we often teach a gospel too strongly built around personal relationship and Jesus being our friend. Those things are true of course and I love them, but as a church we’ve not been to good at teaching about God being judge as well. We’ve not taught so well about the otherness and awesomeness of God. Its just as well that God isn’t just our friend but also the creator of the universe, its just as well that he is so much greater than us because otherwise just what would be the point of following him?
Am I taking these things too literally? I think not. I believe I have legitimate questions that need to be answered. And don't forget, I haven't even added the necessary "in bed" to the end of these things. I am certainly not going THERE now. That will create even more questions that are probably best left unasked.
1 horses'
4. your child loves you...and it's because he/she loves you so much that your child feels comfortable shedding all of his emotions with you.
Using the Pattern Stamp tool (located on the tool bar behind the Clone Stamp tool) is an easy way to brush a partial pattern onto the layer. This adds interest to a background or motif. The tool has several options (located along the top of Photoshop's window) - brush selection, layer styles (mode), opacity, pattern selection. The only draw back to the Pattern Stamp tool is that the size of the pattern cannot be altered as it can in the Pattern Overlay. View the video "How to use pattern stamp tool in Photoshop (CS5 CS4 CS3, CS2 etc) tutorial" on how to use the Pattern Stamp tool. Note: The mouse has to be constantly held down while applying a pattern for it to be continuous. The tiling of the pattern is reset after the downward pressure of the mouse is released. Hint: Interesting textures to the pattern can be achieved by using textured brushes and even a variety of brushes on the same layer.
1. Medicaid long-term support consumers comprised 6 percent of the total Medicaid population but accounted for 48 percent of total Medicaid spending.
NO Coat (or scarf, or gloves, or hat) – Okay, this is the Southern CA girl (I was raised in San Diego) showing. I HATE coats and all that goes with them, lol. Mostly I hate being all bundled up and then going into stores and such that are warm -- do you hear the menopausal, hot-flash prone complainer that I can be, lol.
Holy Shit! Its a phone! Its a phone, ok... ladies, you want to talk to me, guess what, there is a button on your phone, says fucking talk, you press the button that says the shit that you want to do.
● Relatively short project duration. I would require 24-36 months between the beginning, “start-up” phase and having the product finished and ready for
Banana Man: Sometimes I'll work with my cousin Herb.
You're probably thinking, "Oh, cool picture, I get it...pens...checking off...yeah, yeah." Well, friends, these pens were part of a project on my to-do list that my husband so amazingly stepped in and took off my list!
You'd think after the last three batches of home brew that ranged from barely drinkable to down right awful, I should just give up brewing altogether. But then, there have been times running where long term fatigue and multiple injuries lead to pain and frustration for weeks and months on end. It happens to a lot of runners, and you need just keep working through the difficulties and find ways to correct the problems to eventually come through it a wiser runner than before. So in that spirit, I just kept at it with home brewing. Of course, it is also possible the culmulation of all those slight jolts to my head with each running footstrike over 30 years has resulted in a certain level of brain damage which clouds my judgement.
life. Your level of vibration runs parallel with your feelings, meaning you
"I think it has been a very interesting season because it was very unpredictable and every game was difficult," he said.
1. I used split breasts for this recipe, but boneless, skinless chicken also works quite well. If you use skinless chicken, the dish is a tad less flavorful, but you won't have to worry about draining or skimming off any excess fat. (It would also make Dr. Oz happier.)
If Harper does open the season in the bigs, his success will be a key to the Nationals. Also getting more production out of last year’s big free agent signee Jayson Werth (.232, 20 HRs in 2011) will also be important for Washington’s chances.
Now question arise which part is the best, so after evaluating several aspects we are obliged to say that Golmaal(part I) is the best among all. If we look over so analyze it had simple and brilliant comedy story of four friends that was quite enough to compel people to make non-stop laughing. Neither Golmaal Returns it did not have several actresses and love issues, nor Glomaal 3 it didn’t stuff with numerous comedy playing roles. But it still has its own charm to make people laugh. Second best option can be given to Golmaal Returns for having more great comedy and multiple starring.
And I put all the rest that didn't make the cut for Etsy into one big lot of 400 photos... If you collect or use old pictures in your artwork or decorating, here is your chance to grab a bunch at a great price!
The immigrants were mostly from sub-Saharan Africa and the boats included more than 50 women and 17 children.
After an early lunch we set off north to see Indian Head. Along the way we caught many more glimpses of the famous coloured sands of Fraser Island.The intricate sculptures created by wind and water erosion are amazing!After driving along many kilometres of straight beach, made interesting only by the frequent towering 'Cathedrals' of rainbow sand and the occasional creek crossing, we finally saw Indian Head in the distance. It is an impressive headland and has to be by-passed by driving through the dunes. It's only a short diversion, though, and soon we came to another headland known as North Point. This was our destination for this afternoon. We parked and began the walk down to The Champagne Pools.
Folgers Save $.25/1 coffee (4/30)
DO pop over to Julia the Queen of all Workdesk hopping and take a look at what other people's desks look like this week!
Well, it’s strange you should say that, Mr. Kirby, because that’s exactly what I was thinking. And I’ve seen enough X-Files to know that the Powers that Be think nothing of tossing a few lemmings under the bus for the sake of The Grand Scheme.
When I click over to The Daily Show to watch an interview with business columnist Joe Nocera about how Wall Street made the economy as awful as it has become, I have to mute the obnoxious marketing – a flurry of beer ads touting knuckleheaded revelry, or a faux-ditz blonde actress with impeccable skin complaining about her imaginary zits. If marketing is annoying you, if marketing is saying your life is not quite as good as the life being pictured before you, if marketing makes you feel a subtle sensation of dissatisfaction, a heart sink that a suggested acquisition may remedy, then, unfortunately, that marketing is doing its job correctly – being obnoxious.
Two and a Half Men has run it’s course. Please, please end it. Soon.
You don’t have to live under a dome or in a restricted homogenous society to condense people into a simple identifier. We’ve all said something like: You know the guy in the cowboy hat. Or it’s the girl with the dragon tattoo. Or he’s the one with bad breath.
Pub Date: 03/13/2012
Gerald Duckworth & Co, 1969, Hardback in dust wrapper.
Mailer: Coupon or coupon booklet that was sent to your home via postal mail. Manufacturer or store coupons.
"Aye right."
passing judgment in the dark.
For my card I have inked up Lili of the Valley's "James Bear - Pile of Presents" and coloured this fine fellow using my Copics. The papers are all from Nitwits Collections and I have used bazzil and mirra card as mounts. The border is cut using an Edgability die and the ribbon and glitter are from my stash.
All of this morel show-and-tell got me interested in morels, which I found once perhaps two decades ago in the woods behind my house. I’ll admit, though, to a bit of nervousness over identifying morels.
On the homebrew front, I transferred both the Dark IPA (MB0021) and the Saison du Muqunee (MB0022) to secondary before I left, the former dry-hopped with an ounce each of Amarillo and Cascade hops. Also, Justin informed me that he procured an ounce of homegrown hops this evening at the homebrew club meeting. I guess we'll have to make another IPA. Darn.
Deathless Master is your latest two-liter of D-beat-ish Death Metal.
Apparently, Tom had a choir concert tonight at 5:30pm. He knew that I was at baseball with the little kids, so he called his dad. And CPT hurried home to take him. Pfew! I can't be everwhere at once - ha! But still, had Tom told me, Kari could have totally taken Joe to scrimmage, and I could have taken Tom to the concert...
The Cinderella story is perhaps one of the best-known and best-liked fairy tales in Western culture. Like many folk tales, the origins of Cinderella can be traced back centuries, and individual elements of the story can be found in almost every corner of the world. It has been estimated there are at least 1,500 variations on the theme of Cinderella worldwide.
I currently live in Japan, so I’d never seen my sister make the cranes with my eyes yet.
Shhh! Keep it shtumm!
Replaced the oversized table for a sleek Ikea desk that happened to be in the brown/white color scheme of the room...even luckier that it had the chrome accent I also used. The chair is a spare from our breakfast table set:
It used to be that when you went over they would slow your service down so much that you could maybe get your email to open, but that was it. If you called they would sometimes let it go and reset it and other times you just had to wait twenty four hours. Recently they came up with a new system where if you go over you could pay five bucks and bingo your speed has been restored or you can wait twenty four hours. Since they started two months ago we have somehow gone over our limit around ten times. A few days ago I spent an hour on the phone trying to get the tech support guy to tell me what the hell they had changed so that I could avoid this. He of course assured my that nothing had changed and as a sign of good faith reset my service without charge, but I know they messed with something. Somehow they changed the way they count the megabytes in order to get customers to pay a little more. Right now I have no options because they have a monoploy on the market. I don't really miss living in the city, but I can't explain how much I miss my cable modem right now.
And there already is an American who is dominating TV here and packaging it off to the States (or so I think) so "my idea" of bridging the two countries with entertainment is already taken (Dave Spector is "the guy" by the way. He is more knowledgable about Japan than most Japanese are, and there are rumors that he is actually Japanese but has just dyed his hair. He is actually from Illinois. Oooh, I have just found his twitter account... (in Japanese though) http://twitter.com/#!/dave_spector.
A male friend gave me another great question to ask and that is, “When was the last time you went home to visit your parents/family?”
Instead of using the blunt tool of legislation to restrict women's choices, can't we start by using it to enshrine new rights, so that women can breastfeed in public whenever they need to? Why always the banning? Please, Gisele, next time you want to help, try thinking first. Thinking is so important.
OK ! lets get the show on the road with Best Newcomer: He started YESTERDAY so he’s new, but he’s topical, he’s funny, he’s my older brother (only kidding) it’s Vaporise Barney!
New York, NY 10014
