and then I set them free.
As to being happy ... far from it mate! Sort it out ... work out the commisions as it stands and pay me, I don't care what you have to do but you need to get a hard copy to me as soon as possible. As for pulling the book, well thats about the best idea I've heard from my side of things ... why should you profit in any kind of way when you can't even provide the proper earnings or agreements to the contributors based on your own agreement, and from the past experiences I would say that this would be an ongoing issue between you and I. Consider things very carefully, you're the one in breach of copyright ... all it takes is a few emails to Amazon and Lulu stating the breach and abuse of my art work, this is not a threat and is the only rightful option that you are giving me. Its up to you what choice you make, and what the outcome will be.
Service: Social Justice Issues
“What? No kiss?” She looked up longingly at him.
Two whole hours of quiet in this house is like the cherry on top of a HUGE banana split! It's amazing if you get to eat it, but if it rolls off onto the dirty floor, it's not good for anyone! Complete silence during the day is very rare. During that nap time I clean, vacuum, do laundry and try my best to clean up the mess that blew-up all over the house that morning. If I'm lucky I might be able to get in the shower; then just when I'm ready to sit back in the recliner and prop up my leopard print slippers, the chair creaks and one by one they emerge. By bedtime I find myself standing in the middle of the living room, surrounded by toys and chaos, trying to remember if I had actually cleaned that afternoon or if I imagined it!
I try so very hard to write from my heart and my soul every time I enter this space. Because of this effort to share my deepest feelings with you in any given moment, because I feel this need to be sincerely present with you, my readers and my friends, I am often left feeling emotionally raw and extremely vulnerable after I finally work up the courage to click that “publish” button. Blogging has turned out to be one of the most difficult, but simultaneously most rewarding, things I have ever done creatively.
Why can’t it just be a nice gesture to celebrate it a little extra on V-Day? If you think your significant other doesn’t truly care about you because s/he wants to dote on you on Valentine’s Day…….What the hell? You ungrateful fucktard. There are people in empty relationships that never get doted on. There are people who have never been in a relationship to be doted on. Why not just appreciate the gesture? Why not be thankful to be with someone who wants to do these things for you?
- Passport number
Aren't they gorgeous colours and projects? I think I may have to case all three of these at some point. Often I get stuck for ideas of what to make and the Idea Book and Catalogue never fails to give my mojo a boost!
It means that we need to:
Love and dreams torn to dust in nightmare
For this week's sketch we'd like you to keep to the proportions of this drawing so that there is considerable white space remaining in the finished card.
Diane said...I will be camping with my family and taking pics so I can scrap them when I get home. I usually scrap today but I need to create some memories first! Thanks for the oportunity to win.
About 11.30pm a group of about 100 Cronulla locals surrounded a car carrying men of Middle Eastern appearance, but police cleared the crowd and let the car escape.
It was unlikely that Malema would return to these places due to his hectic programme ahead of the march, she said.
Heya, blogland! Hope your week is going well.
The water resources series had large foldout maps and this was a first attempt at this type of project. The maps varied in size, creased, or even cracks in some cases and pose an obvious digitization challenge.
The plant can survive at any time during the year, if it is given the right conditions to grow. The trumpet vine grows best in coarse to medium grain soils with neutral pH levels. So long as the soil remains moist, the trumpet vine does not need an abundance of water, but it does need a great deal of sunlight. It is best if planted in the open rather than in the shade.
(No, I’m not reading the book to breed geniuses, but it looked like it had interesting activities in it, you can find the book in our libraries here). Doesn’t that mean that if the child is not equipped to understand English by the time he enters Primary 1, that he’s going to have one steep learning curve if ALL subjects are taught in English? Why add to the stress of adjusting to primary school?
The old team:
When this utterly secret liaison was revealed in 2003 in what can be considered as one of the last heroic facts of Dutch journalism, the young prince had to beg the Dutch parliament for the green light, as controversial marriages of members of the royal family in the Netherlands are subject to parliamentary approval.
So here I sit, stewing in my sin. I’m angry with myself for even thinking that I could fix the things in my life that need fixing, but that only God can truly fix. I’m a sinner in need of forgiveness. Nothing about that has changed since yesterday, but today I’m totally and utterly aware of that fact. You know, saying “I’m a sinner” is easy when you talk about things like being frustrated with a family member, or needing to get control of your tongue, or something like that. But when I sit here, face to face, with a sin that goes to my core, it’s a very stinging, bitter moment. So what can I do? Only one thing – suck it up, and go to GOD, yes, the REAL GOD, the ONE AND ONLY GOD, with a heavy heart, and ask HIM to forgive me.
As for Marianne and Johann and their dark night in a dark house where they lay in bed cheating on their present spouses, that's not a house I ever want to inhabit. That house burned down, and nothing will rise from its ashes.
I like this game. I like the players too.
- in this case Squid -
When I first came back to painting figures, what 9 months ago? I just nipped to Maelstrom Games and picked up a bunch of paints, a spray can of Primer and Varnish and a few brushes. The problem with Maelstrom is that they do not have prices displayed for ANYTHING. Sure they have a computer you can type in the barcode and get the price or you can ask but that's as far as it goes with them. So I was not aware of the prices of this stuff until I got hoe and checked the receipt. I was in for a shock, both the primer and the varnish notched up at £8.99 per can. It seems whilst paints seem to have stayed static in price the cost of varnish has gone up. Also note that Maelstrom tend to be 10% cheaper than most other shops (same discounts on line). So when I needed to replace them I decided to try out Army Painter which have a more attractive price.
So when I finally made it to the clinic, which was now overflowing, I really did know it was going to be one of those days. Its fair to say I didn’t hear what I wanted to hear. Here we go again. On the plus side Doc Morton says I can carry on running – in moderation. In moderation to who…………………….Paula Radcliffe.
“Christian Apologetics” means to give a reason or a defense of the faith because it helps Christians to grow in their faith.This is something that is lacking among believers. Most don’t know much about their faith, let alone be able to describe doctrines. Apologetics also helps to prepare Christians to give answers to non believers to questions they may have.
Embossing Powders: Stampendous Detail Gold and Detail Silver; Sweet Stamps Fine Detail Copper and Fine Detail Rose
So here it is, easiest diy project ever…
4) Don't go 'cruising' at night. They think you are on drugs and you will be surrounded by three police cars and asked to get out of your car and lay on the ground. Yes... guns will be drawn.
Usually, when you write a screenplay, you have an “inciting incident.” It’s the moment responsible for sending your character on his journey. In Juno, for example, it's when Juno finds out she's pregnant. She can't turn back after that. So her journey begins. It's a rhythm and structure thing we’re used to. So it’s what we expect when we go to a movie.
It is needful to see that the word “washings” is in the original Greek language, baptismos from which we get the obvious, “baptism.” That means that under the law there were divers, or many kinds of baptisms.
He smartly started with basics on balance and gave suggested proportions for three very important cocktail elements: Strong, Sour and Sweet. I've hosted a cocktail or two and after a tipple everyone's a barman and wants to show off their mad mixing skills. This rarely results in an inspired drink. But, with a bit more foundation in how to incorporate these three elements with grace and forthought, I think these well-meaning budding-mixologists would be more likely to turn out something tasty.
This was a fun storyline, in which the League has to venture into the “Microcosmos” to rescue their missing member, The Atom. They find a swords & sorcery world and ally themselves with the Siren Sisterhood, sort of a pre-She-Ra Great Rebellion and must battle The Atom who is a mindless, rampaging giant! I just love how The Atom, normally about six inches tall, is this imposing, powerful giant in this image! He’s absolutely the focus of this cover, which is a rarity. And there are just so many nice details, Red Tornado’s tornado trail wrapping around The Atom, the energy in Hawkman’s movements, Batman helping Sisterhood member Krystal climb onto the ledge and Sister Star throwin’ her hands in the ai-yer and waving them like she just don’t cay-yer. Just a great, well composed cover!
The image is watercoloured, and the sentiment has been rubbed on the tag.
Thursday-
The biggest and fluffiest pancakes were offered by the Carpenter Union’s flapjack and music breakfast. A 4-year old boy at our table had the dinner plate-sized flapjacks along with adult-sized sausage patties and brown beans. He seemed less interested in his breakfast spread compared to bobbing to the music from country and western band on stage. At this breakfast gig, the country ‘n western music band was the better than others I heard (the Elvis crooner was a colourful aberration) since this band kept a few spectators for awhile. Normally country and western music is not my personal choice.
After watching the documentary Food Inc. with my students last month, I couldn't help but be inspired to buy a ton of fresh , locally grown vegetables. What stopped me in my tracks of course is the truth: i have no idea what to do with them. I am on a mission to improve my quality of life. I recently discovered that I live like a man. A 50 year old single man who doesn't cook or clean much and has a life devoted to well . . .not much outside of work ( a certain man from Savannah who is now retired comes to mind. . . ).
Here’s the backstory…
In the post this morning I received a copy of Love Against Death, the new album by blues/acoustic singer-songwriter Sean Taylor – even though it’s not due for release for another 8 weeks.
In my case we met in college. We were both in art school together and used to spend countless hours together working on our design projects critiquing each other’s artwork. We would listen to music late in to the morning as we missed another night of sleep worried about presenting the best work possible the next day in class. During those times we talked a lot and got to know quite a bit about each other. We both asked questions and learned more and more about what made us us.
Dave got several questions followed by lively discussion on the technique. Thanks, Dave!
“Justice” means the fiqh — the practical application of Islamic law as laid down by the scholars more than a thousand years ago — which treats non-believers very differently from Muslims. Once again, the well-meaning kuffar of Knightsbridge or Ann Arbor would be dismayed to discover what the full provisions of shari’ah have in store for them, the licentious apes and pigs of Western unbelief.
For a complete demonstration of this technique for creating different fragment combinations for different tablets and handsets, look at the code for this updated version of the Honeycomb Gallery sample.
I know, I know. Kids are supposed to be blameless. Parents are supposed to be in perfect control all the time. And it is so fun to point fingers when they’re not.
ABOUT LULU: Lulu is the world's fastest-growing source of print-on-demand books. Founded by Bob Young, who previously co-founded Red Hat, the open source software company, Lulu provides independent publishers with free access to on-demand publishing tools for books, e-books, DVDs, music, images and calendars.
However, Wood was well prepared that evening knowing that Wagner already knew of her own cheating and the private eye she hired to tail him. That night she would set her plan in motion. She would be free from him and start her life anew.
"Peggy Sang the Blues" by Frank Turner - I am crushing hard on this guy. I love the mingling of folk and punk.
C: … justice.
NOW: new technologies provide to the customers fast and easy access to tremendous amounts of information upon which to base their buying decisions. The tech-empowered consumer “knows everything already“ and is often more informed about a given product than most of the staff within the store. Above all, knowledge means power and control (e.g. negotiate purchase at the lowest price in the market).
For ten years before comedy, Bob was in the music business under various guises, latterly managing Japanese band Electric Eel Shock. They and he appeared in the movie Killer Bitch, which may or may not be categorised as comedy, depending on the extent of your taste for oddity.
Issa Touncara: bass
I read that and I pee myself.
I always make the kids share one scoop of ice cream, because it's about the size of a Ruby Red grapefruit.
OK, let's think about this question for a minute, shall we?
When it became apparent that this was more than an isolated problem, AMP staff attempted to intercede with the owner, Sandra Hicks, to get things straightened out. Ultimately, the owner turned the running of the company over to staff (who were themselves owed substantial amounts of money in back pay), and brought in a bookkeeper to straighten out the royalty mess. But the mess was worse than anyone imagined.
No, Xenophobia is one of the most destructive forces in humanity. When people fear people who are different, just because they are different, and make up any reason to justify this fear so that they can act against the people, it only escalates whatever problems are already there.
p.s. They are not expensive to start or to maintain either!
We have been endeavouring to let normal timetabled lectures continue, however these were relocated despite our wishes. So that education could continue, we arranged alternative lectures by inviting lecturers from Newcastle and Northumbria Universities to give talks and workshops. We regret the disruption caused by the University in response to our occupation. This has been a large factor in our decision to end the occupation and allow Fine Art students to finish the year uninterrupted.
I’ve been told that McCoy’s fate as a former starter was sealed when his father sounded off about the club’s handling of his concussion in the Pittsburgh game on Dec. 8.
Place a ribbon around the handle with a tag stating the teacher's name.
Finally finishing up the front of the cards. I added a sentiment, and our family picture and news update. Then I sent them in the mail. Total time working on these was probably about 20 hours. Is that crazy or what?
Some of the characterizations and quotes I have found are just too precious to leave on the shelf collecting dust. Portraits which are never seen but who portray such interesting people, if I can help them out of obscurity by putting a little light on them, I will, even if it is only for the pleasure of few.
Then..I stumbled upon this page..scrolled down..reading all of posts from people in the adoption world looking to find family and answers. I didn’t think anything would come of it..but I felt compelled to continue reading on..until I saw an entry that made me forget how to breathe for a few moments.
The Electrician's Hymn .....................Send The Light
This started me thinking about the perception of the term “perpetual student” and the many connotations that the term could have. I decided to look up the actual definition just to clarify that my understanding was not wrong. The definition of “perpetual student” states:
How has grace changed you?
From here, making quesadillas would be cake. I put the lid back on the chicken and heated a smaller pan that would be used to assemble the quesadillas. If I had bigger tortillas to work with, I would have been able to use the quesadilla maker, but I prefer making them in the pan anyway.
This pain began last night. It took a breather during the day today, but it has come back full force this evening. Not a physical pain. Or I should say, not a physical pain that has physical origins. This is a physical pain, but I know it is rooted in a deep emotional pain.
Physical images are not good enough
Happy Thanksgiving, everyone! I wish you a very blessed and fabulous day with your families. Oh, and remember to wear stretchy pants!
A. Quilter's Only Cotton Saffron (or Kona Maize)
In reality, it was 3 abnormal areas, with the potential to possibly develop into something worse given time. And removal was what was suggested. And I agreed.
And were used to
Always trying to provoke me to think, he said,
Dear Friday, what took you so long?
In the old days they'd build up the pattern with dimensionally stable wood, typically mahogany. Now they might use plastics or plywood for big bits:
The recent Association Agreement signed between the European Union and Central American countries contains important intellectual property provisions. Some of these provisions have been inserted in the treaty to meet Central American states' needs, especially with reference to technology transfer issues, the protection of public health and the protection of genetic resources and traditional knowledge.
if you aren't familiar with encaustic, it's a form of mixed media art that involves melted beeswax...tint it, paint with it, trap stuff inside it, transfer images on to it, swirl it wet, carve it dry...sooo much fun!
Inf4: 1 hit to save.
"One thing I dreaded about having identical twins was answering the question 'Who's who?' a trillion times," said Sharon. "My husband and I could tell them apart the first day week they were born, but what about relatives who saw them only a few times a year? Teachers at preschool? What about when their backs were toward me? I wanted a foolproof system...Then around the first year, something amazing happened: They grew hair. That's when I figured out my Who's Who Solution: Longer hair, longer name. Oscar will always have longer hair. Owen shorter. Until the boys protest, this is the system I'm sticking to."
Two Buff Orpingtons, that, like the Red Star, were at least on my original list. They seem to be great birds and immediately honed in on the nest boxes and laid us a couple eggs.
The eventual easing of friction between Henry and Indiana caused by Henry’s obsession with finding the Holy Grail is made all the more poignant when he is willing to let it go in order to save his son in the end. Father/son tension often devolves into cliche in popular entertainment, so I appreciate when it is done well.
Now that I FINALLY upgraded my Photoshop CS2 that I was using on our old PC to Photoshop CS5 on our new iMac. I've been Photoshop-less on this computer for months now! That is just plain WRONG! lol
I know that framing can help to sell a painting, a print or a photograph. Until yesterday, though, I didn’t know it could actually kill an image, but it can.
I moved a few weeks ago. So prior to moving I mostly packed and or slept or maybe I packed in my sleep. And then there was and, of course, is the unpacking.
I wouldn’t even have a problem with this as a government mandate. After all, you have to use specific government forms to file your taxes, apply for a drivers license, register to vote, etc.
"The beauty of those groups is that Can sounded nothing like Faust, who sounded nothing like Amon Duul, who sounded nothing like Ashra Temple... THe diversity
Preheat oven to 350F/180C and grease a 9 in/23 cm loaf pan.
Working how Red Bulls unusual wear pattern is created is a conundrum. The wear could simply be the result of going across kerbs during the accidents and doesn’t occur during normal running. Or the wear could be a literal interpretation of the rules, the leading edge meets the FIA vertical load test, but the splitter articulates further back along its length, to present the splitter at a flatter angle to the track to reduce wear and provide a lower front ride height. Such a set up would meet the wording of the rule 3.17.5 on the deflection and construction of the splitter. As the articulation may be at the point where the tail of the splitter meets the chassis and hence not directly affected by the FIA test and inspection of the leading edge of the splitter.
Here it comes
But, an unexpected, angry break with a friend can cause a popping crack in our foundation. A purposeful, seemingly hateful act can be visceral so long after it’s initial impact, it is heartbreaking. Whether we are 15, 25, 45, or 65 a long-time friend can use words and actions against us, steal our boyfriends/husbands/other girlfriends, backstab, ignore, lie, forget.
She broke my heart the day that she said
I’m also planning on joining in with PiBoIdMo – a picture book idea each day for a month – I have ideas all the time – this discipline helps me to write them down. I’m enrolled in an intensive writing workshop day in November during a writer’s fair.
In addition, the show appears to me to be deeply satirical, if not outright critical, of its self-centered, privileged, clueless leads. This is no Friends or Sex and the City.
May he not come suddenly and find you sleeping.
Homer was a man of cardinal self-belief
Who is the Lord?
As many readers of STL Hops know, I’m not a fan of big hop aroma and flavor and Belgian yeast, the combination just doesn’t work for me. But somehow Boulevard found a way to pull it off and make a wonderfully refreshing summertime beer."
And, by golly, would you look at that? The Winter Solstice for 2011 is on December 22nd. Isn't that just the bees' knees? Because my birthday is also on the 22nd of December! What a co-inky-dink, no? My fake French accent is believable, no?
I apologise for taking up your time with this.
It has been a long week with little time for training… So what have I been up to?
This season will be a tough one to judge, the season context and longer-term view give rise to differing perspectives. Those judgements are for another day though; this campaign still has legs left in it. The title race opened ajar to entice Manchester City into daring to believe; the cruel fates of football though seem sure to laugh in their faces as they succumb to their neighbours in a daring display of counter-attacking. Or so the feeling goes.
So, let me share with you all what I came up with. I still can't put the this wonderful new set called "Praying for a Cure". There are a few very near and dear people in my life that have been diagnosed with breast cancer. My mother in law, my friend and neighbor Marianne and my friend Ruby, I've know her as long as I have been in the US and she is like a big sister to me. I tell you, GOD is good and he healed all three of these wonderful ladies in my life! To honor them and everyone else out there effected by breast cancer I made this little card.
A collusion of PASOK (socialist party) and ND (right party) will lead Greece back to the arms of Germany and the IMF.
I’ve overdosed on television, not because it was interesting, but because it was there and something to distract myself from the nothing that is growing on the inside.
Lexie was supposed to get in at around 2:00 pm, so we decided we should cross another thing off her list before she got back: walking down to the battery.
If selected I will work on improving the face tagging feature of DigiKam .
***PLEASE NOTE***
Involve customers in the process
"There are seven girls out here and they all have different coloured hair!" was what the receptionist at Sir in Nashville yelled out to the guy in the back when we came there to pick up the gear we had rented. But it's not just our hair that's different, our interests and taste in music vary greatly. Brúðarbandið includes an historian, a dramaturg, an anthropology student, a journalist, column writers, two mothers, an artist, kindergarten employee, a receptionist at a car inspection company,... Most of us have lived for extended periodes outside of Iceland, but of course in different countries! We like to think that this diversity only makes us stronger and it is an undisputed fact that our music is indeep a curious mix of influences.
Equipment silk shirt, BT2 €235
In my life of loving to travel, I know I will still face more good-byes.
Virgin has proved that such success is achievable. Many businesses lack of innovation is due to their fear of failures.
“No, I work. I’m graphic designer for MediaLabs downtown.”
Heat in a small saucepan until blended and smooth. Mop on the chicken during the last turn during the cooking process coating all sides. Allow the glaze to cook and adhere to the poultry but be careful, the sweet glaze will burn quickly.
The typewriter section contains much intriguing information, including the most thorough pictorial guide to typewriter ribbon spools of all shapes and sizes that I have ever seen.
Keep that answer in mind as you consider the conclusions of a study released today in the medical journal Pediatrics. The study’s title says it all: “Societal Values and Policies May Curtail Preschool Children’s Physical Activity in Child Care Centers.”
With White: Tail Feathers
Now I’m rising from the ashes
My mother is going to have a field day with this.
You're like a wounded bird
One last thing, who is participating in NaNoWriMo this year? If you are, add me as a buddy and we can motivate each other to finish line! My name there is BaliTiger.
There have even been a very small number of even larger rifles made; which shoot bullets so large they are referred to by "bore" rather than caliber, much as shotguns are (shotgun gauge and shotgun bore are technically interchangeable, but "bore" is archaic... though still commonly used among older shooters, and the english).
Siding with Megaupload founder Kim Dotcom who lashed out against the Government earlier, the Prof. claims that the shutdown of the world’s most popular cyberlocker was a gift to the entertainment industry.
I’d like to thank COL Cordero of the United States Marine Corps. He alone among conflict analogists (nope, not a word, but it’s my blog, so I say it stays) has had the courage to not see the conflict in Afghanistan as a parallel to the conflict in Vietnam. Team America, I give you “The Revolutionary War” model:
Welcome back! Have I got an adorable image to share with you today!? Meet Confetti London, newest in the Simply B Stamps Teen Scene Birthday Munsters collection. Isn't she the cutest? Of course she has her sidekick, Lynx, with her to help celebrate. This is one of those cute images that can be used for any happy celebration or party.
monster's teeth and downed in one quick gulp.
I am a heart beating a staccato rhythm
You love to
The City retained Albuquerque architect Antoine Predock, who understands that you can work in a Southwestern architectural idiom without building a kitschy Taco Bell knock-off.
At any rate here it is. Since I'm old and my eyes have gone to shit, I'm gonna have one printed out double sized on card stock.
And the scene where Shane, a married man, professes his love to Shane and begs him to be his secret lover. Nope, never, ever happened to me.
So it's a no brainier that I am high above the sky and over the moon with happiness over the fact that in TWO DAYS only, 42 HOURS ONLY!!! I will be able to read Julie Jame's newest release, this truly makes me want to throw up from excitement. Honestly, I changed my Twitter picture to the book cover of About That Night. I have been tweeting a countdown for the release of About That Night and driving my twitter followers crazy about HOW FREAKING EXCITED I AM! Just look:
That discovery enabled the team to solve traffic jam equations that were first theorized in the 1950s.
1 factions
This happened the other day. We had arrived in Katherine and apart from the gorge, I didn't think there would be much else to see. We had a spare day so we decided to go for a drive to Edith Falls for a picnic and maybe a swim. When we got there I was a bit disappointed by the dismal little waterfall and sign saying that salt water crocs can enter the swimming area but that they lay traps to try to catch them (just for your info the traps are these giant cages with a bit of chicken dangling at the end. Crocodiles are one of the worlds oldest animals... they survived whatever it was that wiped out the dinosaurs. I hardly think they would have survived this long if they were immensley stupid so I don't understand how they think the crocs will fall for their little trap). After reading the sign I was a tad pissed off. There was no way I was entering the water and there was no way my children were either.
To clarify the working of the two functions of form and content, technique and vision we have a fine example from music. Music was suffering the same culture war as painting and was dominated by atonal styles and was saved from an unexpected quarter. It was a paradox:
Hiring Pros For Your Home Addition
3) Coat the button with embossing power (I used clear since I used brown ink). Using your tweezers hold the button and heat it with your heating gun. Make sure all the powder is melted. It will bubble and swirl the ink around on top of the button, that is the effect you want. Let the button cool and use as normal.
Just a quick update from the garden as well. Grass is looking splendid, despite the frost and although the broad beans were knocked down by the frost, I am sure they will be ok and raring to go as soon as the weather warms up - I can now look forward to the new lawn's first cut! How exciting is that?......errr how sad am I?????
Anywho I'm off to watch some TV before an early night. Bye now.
However ANC high-rankers, which include the infamous Winnie Mandela and Parliamentary Ministers, instead of recognising that errors, misjudgement, and deception had occurred and that it would be appropriately prudent to withdraw and apologise to the world at large, chose to go into combat against the world in an even more astonishing ranting against Europeans and their “racism”. A desperate attempt to create a delusion of African competence via Black Power propaganda.
“So Davis, can you tell us all how me being a ‘raving lunatic’ will impact our project deadline?” Lana asked from her office in California.
Massage is very physical work. Even with proper body mechanics and self care, at the end of my day I am pretty exhausted. Try adding carrying my massage table and supplies up and down multiple flights of stairs and the exhaustion is two fold. I count my blessings that I have a growing number of private clients who prefer massage in their homes, but there are some days where I wonder if I can really keep doing this. While I was in school, I had purchased my first massage table to use at home for practice and eventually, private in call clientele. The table weight is about 42 lbs. With bolsters and supplies, I would fairly estimate the massage luggage to be around 46 lbs. This is the table that I have carried up 5 flights of stairs, precariously balanced on one shoulder while hailing a city cab and dragged into the narrowest of living rooms to perform what I can only describe as “ninja” massage for the contorted positions I had to take in order to do my work. This table was never meant to be portable and as this past summer came to an end, I knew I needed something lighter…FAST!
One day, we were watching Paul and Buster in the garden and realised that Paul was actually giving Buster the visual commands. There was some confusion because Paul was changing his mind about what he wanted Buster to do too quickly so poor old Buster wasn’t sure whether he should sit or lay down, stand at heel or just carry on walking. We decided not to interfere and see how things panned out.
MaryAnne Gilmartin Bio
Oh! I wanted to mention that I'm participating in the January Photo A Day Challenge on Instagram. Join in if you haven't yet! It's' so fun seeing everyone's photos. I actually do not know who started this lovely event so if you know help a sister out and let me know. Thanks. :)
“I am Bob and Spence Hindman’s granddaughter. A few weeks ago I ran across some online pictures of the renovations you have made to the home. I felt compelled to send a note saying what an amazing job you have done. My Grandpa loved that house and would have been so pleased his home is so obviously loved and well taken care of. I wish you many happy memories and a home filled with laughter and joy. Sincerely, Leasa Greer.”
The snails, which grow up to eight inches long, live in a fish tank inside the city's Southwest Waste Water Treatment Plant.
This kind of double intensification is much less natural with other intensifiers; for instance, ?his really very expensive car is questionable. You can also pair fucking with really or very, but there’s a condition: fucking gets to be closer to the noun:
Cognitive Function and Alcoholism Treatment
It is easier to find a hook here, less challenging but still rewarding and again slightly unnerving.
Jeans: Target, swapped
Our ending was written before the story began
While that article was specifically written with the OBi202 in mind, most of it (starting around the part where the screenshots begin) is equally applicable to the earlier Obihai models, the only difference being that on those models you only can access two Service Providers and you only have a single PHONE port. I refer you to that article because it contains the most up-to-date advice about configuring your device using the OBiTALK portal, which is what I recommend.
Are they nodding their head up and down or side to side? This doesn’t mean anything in regards to whether you make the sale or not but it will usually show you if they are on the same page as you. If you get a positive head nod during a part of your sale where you were looking for a positive response then you are on the right track. However, if you get a negative response during that same point it should be cause for alarm as the buyer is not buying your verbal art. You can be suggestive in your communication in the same way. By nodding your head in agreement you will often see the buyer do the same thing. This is a form of non-verbal communication used all the time. Look for it next time you are in a sales setting. Is the salesperson trying to get you to agree with them? I bet they are nodding their head while they do it.
she then immediately got off the phone with me because maddy had started to bleed again.
These are pictures I took of the babies the first time we let them outside. I placed them in the big run to see how they would act. Of course anytime I am doing anything with the chickens my toddler is right there helping me. She loves her birdies.
Well, that's it for today, folks! Thanks to all who've come and visited me, and also for the new follows! A big thank you to Arlee Bird and the organizers of the A to Z Blog Challenge. It's been a cool month of posting. I'll try to catch up on your blogs this week for sure. I may be slow but I'll get there. Also, if you followed me and I haven't followed you back, let me know. Chances are, I couldn't find the link for your blog.
Goodness only knows what it must feel like to ride up through the cauldron of noise and emotion that erupts off of the side of the Muur.
“Secret Lover”: A sweet, lo fi, garage pop song with even sweeter vocals. It’s like what you’d get if you put the Vaselines, Dum Dum Girls, Ladytron, Splendora and a few shots of sweet liquor in a blender and served it cold with a buzzing amp as a table, you’d have this track. The blending of styles is gentle and pure and the song draws me in completely. Maybe I’m a sucker for this kind of stuff deep down and just didn’t know it until now.
You can cut a small hole, or even a large hole depending on what kind of piping you’re doing. You can always use a zip lock bag as well to put your icing in and then cut a hole in one tip to pipe.
Beauty is power; a smile is its sword. ~Charles Reade
For the Roman Catholics who shout “everything for Flanders and Flanders for Christ” a layman perhaps could ‘lead’ administratively a parish, but would not be a shepherd. For them the manifestos confuse or mix lay and clergyman with each other. The language of the manifest, using words like “voorgaan” ‘precede in the Sunday celebrations’ or conduct the services and “liturgisch voorganger” ‘liturgical minister’ is protestant talk and not worthy of a Roman Catholic. For the conservatives words as ‘liturgical leader/pastor/minister’ for a priest is not recognising the sacramental holiness of that servant of God. Several Catholics question what those notions mean. For the conservatives a ‘Sunday celebration’ is not Mass per se a Holy Mass or Eucharistic Offering!
“Is there any chance you’re pregnant?” I laugh so hard, I snort.
So the first Challenge on the list was a wish-list! This list grew over the course of a year, I am not usually a person who wants things so badly that it's all they can think about. Worse, I forget most things I ever wanted before they even reach an imaginary list! So it took me some thinking to come up with these! XD
My father lived a couple of streets to my house and I would lie to my grand mother saying I was going to the park and was actually visiting my hippy Kung Fu teaching dad with a bag of stolen foods, soap and other mecessities from home.
*Sleep?:Depends on the night....I've been sick with a head cold this week, so sleeping has been hard with trying to breathe and get comfortable. A few nights ago I was up until 3am wide awake...other nights I fall right asleep...
But then I grew to realize they make one’s natural sexy 3-D real–world (non-JPG) curvature much more appreciable — and also at a greater distance.
Modern Christianity, in opposition of the other religions, professes to not have Gnosis, offering instead a simple profession of faith without offering profound knowledge. If this statement was to be the truth, it would be unfortunate as Christianity would be classified as only a one dimensional spiritual/religious practice, destined only to one class of individuals and not to be the real “Universal Church” intended by its creator.
(2) The holder of a judicial office can be removed from the office by the Governor, on an address from both Houses of Parliament in the same session, seeking removal on the ground of proved misbehaviour or incapacity.
Master of the Universe! (20)
I dyed my hair brown again, it's really damaged, so it needs a little break now cause I wanna dye it blonde in Japan and get matching exte! I'll maybe go to get some highlights in the meanwhile cause it looks kinda boring atm lol.
A key part of the AGW paradigm is that recent warming is unprecedented and can only be explained by anthropogenic CO2. This is the basic message of the iconic "hockey stick " However hundreds of published papers show that the Medieval warming period and the Roman climatic optimum were warmer than the present. The infamous "hide the decline " quote from the Climategate Emails is so important. not so much because of its effect on one graph but because it shows that the entire basis if dendrothermometry is highly suspect. A complete referenced discussion of the issues involved can be found in "The Hockey Stick Illusion - Climategate and the Corruption of science " by AW Montford.
Future of photography exhibitions always intrigue me. I find them interesting not because they give me wormhole access to content that lives just beyond art’s event horizon, but because the exercise of curators lusting for predictive immortality while displaying a passive hostility towards the status quo they've created makes for curious sport.
CBS reports that the rain is part of a massive nor-Easter chugging its way up the Eastern coast -- a "huge storm that could impact at least one-third of the nation, from Florida to Maine, and potentially as far west as Michigan." The same storm battered Orlando, Fl., with "golf ball-sized hail" and heavy winds which knocked down trees and power.
Out on the water
Another one of my not so favorite....meat loaf. EEEW! Seriously, something is wrong when you combine eggs and crackers and meat! HORRID! And don't even get me started on the "chicken fish"
Tomorrow always somehow melts each today away,
The poem with no name
Under the rules of the Rule 5 Draft, the Cardinals only have a few options with the 24-year-old outfielder, who has started the 2012 season with a .211 average in 21 plate appearances.
I spent the majority of the time hauling and spreading "donkey doo" on all the beds. I spread a good 2-4 " layer on each bed and then topped that with a thick layer of leaves and a thick layer of grass clippings. Warm , well fed worms are happy worms!
Preheat oven to 350. Grease 8x8 pan. In a bowl, mix chiles and cheese. Spread on bottom of of pan.Whisk eggs and milk, then the flour, cumin and salt until smooth. Pour over chiles and cheese into pan. Scatter the crumbled bacon on top. Bake for 40-45 minutes or until set and edges have started to brown. I garnished slices with cilantro leaves and cut up cherry tomatoes.
With all the isolation, stress and headaches, why is there no shortage of individuals with executive management career ambitions? The answer is not pay. Even smaller organizations with less than premium executive pay find many individuals eager for a slot on a senior management team.
You wouldn’t eat your lunch off the office toilet seat would you? But according to a study done by the University of Arizona, the typical worker’s desk has hundreds of times more bacteria per square inch than the office toilet seat. YICH! In addition, desks, phones and other private surfaces are also prime habitats for the viruses that cause colds and flu.
Bake for approximately 30 minutes, until a knife inserted into the center comes out clean but moistened.
Yesterday I went out with a buddy of mine. We went out to eat then to a play (The Fairytale Lives of Russian Girls. Very interesting. I bucked at first but ended up really enjoying it.).
The story is set in the far future, in a posthuman solar system where most human minds have been uploaded as "gogols" in virtual environment, indistinguishable from the artificial intelligences that also roam the multiple realities of the ruling entity - the upload collective of the Sobornost. Governed by the copyclans - the trillions of copies of the Founders - the Sobornost turns every other uploaded mind into a slave gogol to serve its mysterious purpose, known as the Great Common Task.
Rating: 5/5
“Do you love me Roger?” she asked him, staring into those dreamy brown eyes with her own ice cold blue ones.
Length: 4¾ miles – allow plenty of time for deer-watching!
Birth of a Nation didn’t so much focus on America’s need to create a national myth as embody that need—but I see Miller’s point. He achieves his counter-narrative here by altering his source material both visually and aurally. Lines, sometimes grids, are superimposed over familiar scenes (I believe Miller called them ‘vectors’ in the Q & A following the film)—an effect that reminded me of a flow chart or schematic. The intent is to highlight connections between characters and suggest their trajectories or potential alternative paths. Miller also ‘zooms in’ on characters at key moments, and encases both characters and objects in floating shapes. Furthermore, the scenes themselves are ‘encased’ in a static box made to look like an ornate picture frame. This was done for technical reasons, but the design also heightens the feeling that we are watching an artifact—it keeps us conscious of observing something, rather than allowing us to be immersed in the viewing experience.
And then have the courage to doing something with it.
When a protagonist captures the audience’s imagination – particularly in a TV show, where you have so many hours to fill – there’s always a temptation to keep giving the viewers more and more of what they want. Let’s squeeze in ways to talk about the character’s childhood, let’s introduce their family, let’s bring back their ex-girlfriend, explore every possible detail and angle of their life to date.
a) say “ew,” and walk back to wherever you came from,
“In this latest Marvel inspired piece from Charon’s ‘Superhero Period’ Charon achieves his ultimate ambition – transmogrification into a bottle of Rioja and superhero to boot. The detail in building a cork into the headgear of the figure can only be marvelled at… not in terms of the brushwork or skill, for there is little of the latter in evidence – but marvel in the sense of….at what goes on inside Charon’s head.
I listen to the waves laughing as I kick the grin from the settling sand.
Judi said she may turn to more traditional colors at some point (she's got Silver Glitter Dots ready and waiting), and next time she'll use patterned paper scraps instead of solid colors. We're looking forward to seeing it! Thanks, Judi.
The “justice cascade” describes the increasing “legitimacy of the norm of individual criminal accountability for human rights violations and an increase in criminal prosecutions on behalf of that norm.” There are three central tenets that buttress this norm. First, is the notion that fundamental violations of human rights “cannot be legitimate acts of the state and thus must be seen as crimes committed by individuals.” Secondly, individuals that commit these crimes should be held accountable through prosecution. Finally, these prosecutions should take place with a respect for the rights of the accused who deserve a fair trial. She aptly uses the term “cascade” because it “captures how the idea started as a small stream, but later caught on suddenly sweeping along many actors in its wake.” While the central pillars of this justice norm seem unassailable, it was not long ago when different models of accountability prevailed. Three different models of accountability have traditionally been utilized: 1) the impunity model; 2) the state accountability model; and 3) the individual criminal accountability model. Following World War II, the impunity model and its emphasis on state sovereignty began to erode, with the state accountability operating as the “new orthodoxy” for successive decades. The justice cascade has challenged this orthodoxy, and has been particularly salient in democratizing and transitional countries.
I still can’t work out how to get videos to work on it, and youtube gives you the freaking code to use!
Are martyrs, by the pang without the palm,---
12.VOID "Black, Jewish and Poor"
Ad Astra Ale
6) Make a Valentine Card or Print some FREE Printable Valentine's Art... All you have to do is print it. Then you can put it in a frame, or use it as a Valentine's card cover, maybe even cut one out and put it on his bathroom mirror for him to see as he gets ready for work. There are tons of FREE printable Valentine's via the internet!
WE inserted itself into my consciousness without my really realising it--and that's a strange thing, given what the book's title actually translates as. WE is the World Ear, and every human on Earth is plugged into it. It runs and rules their consciousnesses. Want a fact?--just think it, and the WE will come back with an answer. Want an image? A list? A personal communication? The WE will provide. It rules every aspect of human life. Imagine that--and then imagine it being taken away. Worse, imagine waking up a million billion miles from everything you've ever known, and having to live with people--other humans, yes--but who look and think so differently from you as to be almost alien. People who communicate with their voices, not their minds. People with hidden secrets and maybe hidden agendas. What then? That is what Paul Munro has to contend with when he arrives on his desolate, icy moon home.
Animators at Disney frequently talk about the lectures of Dr. Stuart Sumida, who is an expert on animal anatomy. Unfortunately I've never heard Dr. Sumida speak, for the simple reason that story people are never invited to these type of lectures! Only animators (and riggers, who build the characters) seem to be invited to them.
Just like Happy Monday, this song contains an interlude which is actually an outro in this case. The outro , and the interlude for that matter, is referring to album title. It is “Fruit” or filler or whatever you wanna call it. Come to think of it, it might be my favourite track on the album.
And act like everyone's alright
I can find almost no evidence online for this event, and the photo now seems like something I dreamed. The only reference is two lines on a website - 'the market in Nogent sur Marne, built in 1912, suffered a terrible accident in 1942 and was demolished. The new market was built a little further north in 1970'. As I remember it from the exhibition, it was an accident that killed dozens of people, trapped during a simple shopping trip. Death and destruction stands out when placed alongside smiling market stall holders and brightly coloured fruit and veg.
One summer, a tornado ripped through our county. Homes and barns were scattered everywhere. Trees were down. Power was out. The place was a mess. I was about 15 I think, my sister was 11, little brother was 5. And our task for the remainder of summer vacation was to reclaim as much of our buildings that had blown away as possible. Lucky for us, no one had been injured.
I love you more than words can say.
I had a really good night with the kids last night. We read books, we played outside, gave them a bath, then they laid up in Z’s room and watched a movie. I got to actually read a couple pages in my book! That never happens in the evenings. The morning had a few hyphy points but they generally did better this morning as well. We are going to spend some time with my girlfriend and her boys at the farm again tonight. Z has been BEGGING me every day this week to go. He’s in little boy love I guess.
“You know I want to,
On the back of the sketch there are various inscriptions that read:
One particularly overlooked period of their history (though cherished by diehard fans) is what is referred to as the “Full House era”. This alludes to both the album, Full House, which followed Liege & Lief; and to the line-up that recorded it, which was revered for its instrumental prowess and spectacular shows.
In another bowl whisk the eggs with
‘I can’t find my favourite mammoth bone… Have you moved it?’
The “alternative voice,” as presented in the film, came in the form of video excerpts of conservative Muslim clerics. Or rather, these clerics were meant to represent the “mainstream” (of both Syria and Islam in general) and Houda was painted as the radical, progressive alternative. It was easy enough for the audience to laugh when a cleric talked about a woman’s duties (“to reproduce, to raise the children, to serve the husband, to care for the household”) but there was a far more uncomfortable silence when Houda basically said the same thing (“I can do whatever I want, but my housework comes first”) because it didn’t sit well with us, somehow, but the film didn’t articulate this perspective. There was no alternative to Houda, which made it far too slanted in one direction.
The next morning we woke to cockerels and ducks walking around our tents, and to the beautiful view of Mount Veronica breaking through the clouds. Oh and don’t let me forget room service! Yes we were woken up with a choice of tea or coffee to be taken in our tent. Talk about service! The chaskeys had it all under control. Some of them have been working on the trail for 20 years and still continue to work at 67 years old! The second day of the trail was all up hill, ascending 1200 meters from 3000 to 4200 meters. We wound up from the valley to the cloud forest and then to the top of the mountains to Dead Woman’s Pass. Fortunately for us again the weather was perfect and we were able to siesta after lunch. Thank goodness as we needed all the energy we could get to hike to the top of the mountain. That night we celebrated Jami’s birthday and amazingly the chef was able to bake a cake for her. We have no idea how he did it other than the possibility that he carries a fridge and an oven on his back. This could be an option based on the size of his pack!
I did simple accessories: my black leather cuff, my octopus necklace and plain white gold hoops.
Since most people already have Christmas lights, you might want to give this a try, especially if you need to spend money on another seed starting item. You can always purchase the heat mat the next season to spread out your costs. Typically water resistant, a little sprinkling shouldn't be an issue, but I would not go hog wild with water around the Christmas lights.
They learned efficiency (cleaning house in an hour).
anyway, that’s just one thing that we need to do in the next few weeks. sigh.
"There was ae winsome wench and walie (A hearty girl and jolly),"
Pears
You know how I love unique.
Divide the dough into 4 equal pieces. Shape each into a log that is roughly 9-inches by 1 1/2-inches. Transfer them to the prepared baking sheet, spacing them about 3 inches apart. Bake for 18-20 minutes, or until the logs are light golden brown and cracked and top. Transfer the pan to a wire rack and let the logs cool for 10 minutes on the baking sheet. Reduce the oven to 325 F.
During my research trip, I concentrated on Russia’s two capitals, Moscow and Saint Petersburg, which are part of GOLD TRAIN‘s spectacular setting.
(11) Richard Vincent Whelan, Bishop of Richmond
(pumpkins from last year)
it usually appears at the top of a column.
Iron Bay Foundry on the corner of Lake and Washington, later to be the LS&I office
25:15 “Some people say journalism is in decline. They say you’ve become to politicized, to focused on sensationalism, they say you no longer honor your duty to inform America, but instead actively try to divide us, so that your corporate overlords can rake in in profits. I don’t have a joke for this, I’m just letting you know what some people say.” I couldn’t say it better myself.
On Monday, Christopher and I went down to the Alameda County Recorder's office to apply for and pick up our wedding license. Like usual, I was excited about this big step; the license is the single most important item for the wedding....without it the actual wedding cannot happen.
Okay there is some cheating to get it to glow in the dark. This video is bogus. It doesn’t work. I know I was sad to find this out after some on-line research. What do you do when you have an activity planned (and purchased) knowing it wont work what do you do?
It seems like it has been almost half as long as I have been blogging since I wrote a good post, since I really just wrote honestly. I chew on a lot of stuff and think, "I should write about that" and then for some reason decide I don't want to invest in what I was turning over in my head. Maybe because most of it seems like a rehash.
The leaders asked the bankers what to do, and the bankers explained that the can was now dangerously toxic. It had to be kept out of the town. They explained that it had
By Finerve Holder
I am not a very good blogger... I think I started this just to try it out, I like following other blogs, so why not try my own. Come to find out, I am just not that smart, nor do I have the time to learn how to really do this. The other thought I had for this blog was to remind myself of what God is doing in my life- so very easy to forget. It would also be something fun to show Taliah someday. So on that vein the gift I want to share today happened on Friday. Wait, let me back up...
Of course you don't have to be a mama to follow along! I heard the phrase on a photography site once and thought it was a clever name for this series. That's all. :)
Please click on pics to enlarge and enjoy!
And then David was saved by the tourists. They came in just as the old lady shopkeeper had predicted. David heard the squeals of a teenager.
To be truthful, I could move it, but it hurt so much I preferred not to. Reaching for my glasses left me a gasping wreck. Keeping still wasn't much better. I’d felt it nagging the previous day, but never thought it could turn into this.
Recent developments even make it possible for smartphones to identify mood fluctuations. Researchers discovered they could determine a subject’s state of mind by monitoring speech rhythms while the person talked on the telephone. If the speaker were in danger of falling into depression, for example, an app could arrange an appointment with a psychiatrist long before the patient would have thought to do so.
thought of staying another week just devastated me.
Catastrophe losses in the U.S. personal-lines segment improved slightly to $116 million compared to $121 million during 2011’s first quarter.
The struggle of the tenanted model comes from the inability to offer value to the end customer. Customers quite rightly baulk at the prospect of the eye watering prices charged in pubs maintaining a 50%GP on kegs of lager bought from the internal supply chain at double the rate the kegs are sold to the free trade because the pubco makes its money by charging wholesale more than you or me can buy retail. You don’t have to have an MBA to figure that ain’t gonna work. Oh and the answer isn’t to fix the retail market with minimum pricing, as that fails in the core issue of offering value to the end customer
"You hope that there will be lots more steps from Darden's competitors," Nestle said.
1 flax egg (1 Tbsp. ground flax seed whisked with 3 Tbsp. warm water)
1) I’m not a fan of anything “heart-shaped” so much so that I was adamant against a heart-shaped neckline for my wedding dress. I went out of my way to not get one, in fact (pic below). But oddly enough, the strapless heart-shaped looked quite a bit better on me. I’m too stubborn for my own good.
This is only about a kilometer beyond the previous photo but now we’ve got La Paz to our backs and are looking south toward snow-covered Illimani Peak. You can see dust clouds raised by a few vehicles that headed down the road in front of me. It hasn’t rained much for 3-4 weeks so car and truck tires kick up huge swaths of fine dust, and with the complete lack of wind today, the dust really lingers in the air. Today’s destination, the small village of Totora Pampa, sits just past and to the right of Illimani from the above perspective. For anyone googling, this is the Totora Pampa in La Paz Department vice the bigger, more well-known Totora Pampa located much further south in Bolivia’s Cochabamba Department.
The House Judiciary Committee has said it would debate the bill early next year.
Since I was younger I've obsessed about getting my husband-to-be a Groom's Cake. This is probably about the ONLY thing I ever thought of when I even considered day dreaming about a wedding day [Note: I didn't have my wedding planned out since I was 5, I ran screaming at the thought of marrying anyone for a long time, until meeting Mike]. My groom's cake obsession is from one thing, and one thing only... Steel Magnolia's. Yes, ever since Shelby's father said "Nothing like a good piece of ass, huh Ouiser?" And chopped off that bloody armadillo's tail end for her I've wanted to be sure my husband got a cake that would reflect him.
No matter how you write it, it looks perfect.
Approximate Calories, Fat, and Price per Serving
The armchair is well under way, I think it will be quite spectacular once it is complete! It will most certainly be the talking point in the living room of its future home.I promise to put up some photos soon once the weather has picked up so I can get some shots of it outside of the garage.
I hope that you all had a wonderful Mother's Day. Lucky me had breakfast sent to me in bed but I decided it best if we all ate at the table. My preschooler picked out the best gift ever. This cute little notebook was wrapped in clear plastic and I love it. He sure knows his mother well.﻿
Because we know.
In addition to our Work Sponsors helping us out, my wife’s company’s Office of Housing, back in May, sent us a survey to determine what type of materials we would need in our house. We were asked how many children we had so they knew how many beds we need. They asked if we were bringing any furniture and any pets. The survey had plenty of other questions to determine our likes and dislikes. I thank the Office of Housing for their assistance in helping us find a house, but I would like to suggest that they add one item to their survey.
We will wait
Set goals and plan to achieve them. Most people have goals, but they don’t always act in ways that allow them to achieve their goals. If, for example, you want to quit your job to travel the world, break that job down into smaller, more manageable steps. Determine how much money you’ll have to save to do it. Research the different countries you want to visit. Small steps seem more achievable than big goals.
MY CHRISTMAS GIFTS, AGE 5??
The era of a Something-Like-United States ended -- again, to choose an arbitrary date -- about 1960.
Yes, that’s right, if you do this correctly, you will have 105% chili.
She would finish her work ahead of time in the small rural school she attended and then be allowed to browse in the book collection, which was where she discovered the Norse myths.
I run faster towards the seas edge.
I don't have step-by-step pictures after here. We screwed on the hooks, then pre-drilled the back of the board for the shelf, pre-drilled holes for the shelf, and screwed them together.
We are also eye-balling some local schooling shows! Ever since Jen came out to my barn the weekend before last and helped me start riding Granite like the hunter that he is and not the dressage horse I was trying to ask him to be (weird...), he has been such a champ. We think he may be ready to go to a show and see how he takes it all in. If he's good, we'll hack him out in some classes. We are eyeing THIS little schooling show series. I'm hoping I can go watch the one next weekend and then maybe we can coordinate to take the big man to the one in June (coordinating is ALWAYS fun since I don't have a truck or trailer, Granite doesn't fit in our barn owners', my trainer doesn't haul, and my two friends with rigs live 40min west of us). I don't want to get my hopes up... but they kind of are.
Shown here is 'Ghost with the Most, babe!' (Beetlejuice, anyone?). I have selected this one because it has bewen one of her most successful shades. I believer it has since been discontinued, but it stands as a perfect example of how Dolly can add minimal amounts of glitter to a shade to create... magic.
or chaffy grain beneath the thresher’s flail,
Pubs here are a heady mix of young & bolder-older. Daddylonglegged women in velvet garb drink at the same hatches as 70-something malcontents in woolly-horned Viking hats downing port. A great college buzz about the place at night even if noise levels give tinnitus a run for its money. Spent one night lodged in a Neachtain’s snug with some lovely Twitterfolk and another on a crawl North of the river, wondering into the bottomless fizz if I could live here full-time. A lot of unspoilt pubs with bubblewrap windows and simple wooden benches reminds of what Dublin so earnestly lost in the full tilt of boom. My favourite day time hang-out is Sheridan’s Wine Bar on Churchyard Street, opposite St. Nicholas’ Church (also worth a visit for the Jayne Eyre reference alone). You can share a cheeseboard here for a tenner and there’s rakes of yummy wines from around the world at €6 a glass.
Cricut Classic Font
I’m a big advocate of surveying a scene, anticipating the light and conditions, and finding compositions before the conditions occur. But the moral here is to not become so locked in to a plan that you fail to seize unexpected opportunities. In hindsight I realize I should have anticipated this light too–I had a clear view of the sun’s path to western horizon, but I was so giddy with excitement about the color that was “sure” to materialize that I almost missed this other opportunity.
Honestly I don’t have a lot of time for this movie, after I had watched it I felt like I had wasted a lot of my time. I can only extrapolate from this that others who watch it will also find it a waste of their time. Okay that’s not fair, maybe on a bad movie night, this might just be the thing. I can understand what Joseph Kahn was going for, but seriously I can’t recommend this movie to anyone unless they are going for the bad movie night.
take up your untainted colors and paint this your canvas…
And so the gothic gates of Green-Wood offered Feldman passage to another life. After toiling away as a lawyer and real estate executive for decades, Feldman now devotes himself full time to writing, and to New York City history, a lifelong passion. “I was the in-house historian,” Feldman says of his real estate days. “I was the guy poking around in the basement after we bought a property.”
Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Coat the pan with cooking spray. Sprinkle both sides of steak with remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt and remaining 1/8 teaspoon pepper; add steak to pan. Cook 5 minutes on each side or until desired degree of doneness. Remove from pan; let stand 5 minutes. Cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices. Keep warm.
Potato Dressing
Then the leader had an idea, "Where are you two going? The airport?"
Here is a list of supplies you will need for this project:
Of course he sinks (looking at the waves and not looking at Christ). But in His grace, Peter only ‘begins’ to sink. This is not gravity acting on Peter or he’d sink like a stone. How slowly Jesus lets him down! But when Peter calls out, ‘immediately’ Jesus saves.
Between statelessness and Westphalian sovereignty you apparently get inflatable architecture, instant cities on the carceral edge between two systems of power: "As the Bush administration gets tougher on illegal immigration and increases its spending on enforcement," the New York Times reported last week, "some of the biggest beneficiaries may be the companies that have been building and running private prisons around the country."
In recent years, I began noticing changes within me that were frankly incomprehensible. I was raised in a secular home but my parents never approved of anything outside the WASP sphere. Homosexuality was always taboo. You see where this is going already…This whole saga started way back in December 2009 after a difficult breakdown in my marriage. No longer satisfied with the love a woman could provide, I began experimenting “visually.” It began with movies. Sex with women and the conflicting emotions quickly became a miserable rota. I yearned for adventure. I most obviously as a raised-as-straight White American tried suppressing it. It didn’t work. A beast inside me kept roaring back up. I tried ignoring it. But the reminder of the yearning gave me countless sleepless nights. The biggest flare-up came after a recent humanitarian trip to Pakistan. There I met Ahmad, a young man from Karachi. He caught my eye and I his. We grew close. Suffice to say my family’s convictions held me back. I left only a few weeks ago. The sleepless nights are now laden with guilt.
They've been a little slow in processing the cards lately - 48 business days is the current standard. That means sometime in mid-October for me. Just in time to see the States!
She took hammer in hand, whacking at one of the supports and then another. I was holding the top shelf against the wall when all of a sudden the whole structure collapsed on itself. The top shelf caught J's shoulder and the bottom one landed on my foot. The two of us yelped in unison but the shelves had done their worst and settled in a heap on the closet floor. J rubbed her shoulder while I inspected my foot.
05. The Song Remains The Same
Which is why it is now certain that my family and I face another international move before school starts in September.
Two is the number for us.
Are you sure you will
It’s not ready? I’ve done all the work. It’s a great story. The dialogue is crackling. Why can’t I launch it into the world now?
g...ggggggggg??? (hands out like we're confused) Hang your bottoms down down, hang your bottoms down, some letters stand real tall (hands on head) some sit on the line (hands on hips) and some hang their bottoms down down (shake ourselves down).
Cut the avocados in half. Rinse them with a bit of cool water. This will keep them from turning brown. Mash them in a bowl. Add the remaining ingredients and mix well. Taste to adjust seasonings to your liking. Refrigerate until ready to serve.
VERDICT: Fool-proof to make. Seriously fast and easy. They are fun to make. Kids would have fun rolling the dough. The flavor-- oh, Bavaria! Slightly crunch on the outside. Soft and chewy on the inside. I like being able to adjust how much salt I want on them. They are outstanding! I'm making more today. Yes, I am!
To the cinema of affects, therefore, rather than ask whether or not the plot of a film is realistic, we should ask, what affects does it send into the world? How does a film make us feel, make us think? We do not need to have easy answers for these questions. But a good film will make us feel and think much, and we limit ourselves unnecessarily by relying upon the outdated unities of character, plot, object and setting to do this.
recently, i had a random thought that coffee cake with bananas would be THE most perfect thing that day. so i scoured a few places to find a little assistance, and LO i have created a glorious coffee cake WITH bananas (the crowd wildly cheers).
So it is just a case of “Where is Lefty? Where is Lefty?”
I have been preparing for a craft fair (which is tomorrow... or today, depending on where you are lol) and am a bit behind on just about everything. I had big plans to make a matching necklace and earrings.. but alas, no time. So I may just have to do those in the next little while post show and put them up :). Thank you so much to Sally for organizing this, you are amazing! So go on, go see what the other crayon hoppers have pulled out of the old crayon box :)
If you’ve read my blog for a while, you’ll remember the previous discussion about adult toys I touched on. No harm in making a foray into the topic on many fronts. It was interesting, I’m not doing daily posts on the things I learned, but just know it was interesting. That’s all you need to know about that really.
It seems our government - who promised to get the state out of our lives and whose Conservative members are described by Dan Hannan as 'eurosceptic' - are now more insistent on micromanagement and regulation of our lives than overbearing micromanagement and regulation experts, the EU.
The video warns against militant Islam, but that's as far as it goes; otherwise, the message is one of civic nationalism, not a nationalism that is for The People of the country.
Sometimes mums need to do just that, no shame, no hurt, just a good long heartfelt cry until your shoulders shake and your eyes sting.
Prepare the brine and then chill it before adding to the bird. Clean out the bird, rinse well and then submerge in the brine with additional cold water. Refrigerating the whole mess can be tricky though. You want to keep the brining bird chilled at 40° F and finding room in the refrigerator for a 5 gallon bucket is no easy task. We have a fridge in the garage and we can take out the bottom shelf to make the bucket fit. But luckily for us, the weather around the holiday season is usually 30° or less, so we've also just put the bucket in the garage overnight.
My American Independent Film teacher just emailed us our syllabus for the semester. On the front page it says “Should probably be called New American Cinema.”
“So… I’ll leave early in the morning,” he said softly, looking away.
Add prepared dumplings and cover the pot. Do not take cover of pot for 10 minutes to allow dumplings to steam.
The mix may not be to everyone's taste, but I love the exuberance of these colours, and I know I'm going to spend some happy hours in this room over the next several summers.
2) Pumpkin spice cupcake with cream cheese frosting dusted with cinnamon sugar.
Puts on his pretty looks, repeats his words,
My man Charlie the Cat on the head dude was one of the first people I ever blogged about and I frequently bump into him all over the city...His talented cat Nicolas and him cover a lot of ground and the tourists love having their pic taken with him...and Charlie loves donations to do so lol !!
Amanda said, "We aren't all reading. Kyle's playing computer."
Like all new cats, he spent his first few days hiding from us and there was much hissing and growling (by the cats, not me and Mike). Mr. Tibbs and Yoda are now fast friends. They play “Yoda in a Box” for hours on end. They thrill in popping out of the nylon boxes at each other or trying to claw their way through the solid faces. In the last few days, they’ve progressed to wrestling. I have to admire Yoda’s temerity for daring to wrestle a cat that outweighs him five times. Tibbs, as is his wont, also enjoys holding down Yoda and giving him a good tongue lashing. They are nearly inseparable. Yoda and Zoro are not yet as comfortable, but they do play chase. Bear tolerates Yoda’s batting of his always twitching tail. Mimi hisses (then again, she hisses at all the cats) and Cleo refuses to come inside the house at all.
One of my readers will win a $100 La Creme Cow prize pack including this yummy cheese! Contest is open to Canadians only and ends on Jan 30th at midnight.
But then I also have to be the one who sent out the email to everyone else who did not make it onto the list and I hate that.
Abigail has her secrets – and some of them are lethal. Abigails’ storyline lost me several times through the book; by the end I don’t think it was satisfyingly resolved or even explained. The main feeling I had at the end was confusion. I will probably need to re-read several times before I feel I have a complete handle upon it.
Athletics squad - track team.
In this story Clem has to set sail with her family for three months. This means not having any contact with her friends via cell phone or computer. Normally this would be a huge inconvenience for Clem and she would have begged and pleaded with her parents to let her stay at home, but since things with her friends have gone south she is left with no other option but to join her family. Something huge happened between Clem and her BFF and when I say big I mean BIG for a sixteen year old girl. You remember being that age how awkward it was right?? Well Clem commits the ultimate sin between girlfriends and learns the hard way what is important in life. So begins her summer on the water and it is definitely a bumpy ride.
I have a new category of digital scrapbooking products in the store at christinesmith.net and have done a little facelift there and on the blog. I am excited to show you what’s in this category and to also show you my new look.
Come to think of it, Danielle Staub may have been dining in the same restaurant as me…
But the influence it had on me was immeasurably great.
But there have been things I've wanted to write about … so, with your indulgence, I believe the blog posts for the next few weeks will be Curiously Short.
“Yes, we are – but only temporarily and for the reasons given.”
This letter speaks for itself and will indicate the correct reason why I am applying now to go to Roumania. The reason is that I have in Roumania my grandfather, uncles, cousins, nieces and other relatives, who are now in terrible straits. My family has made up its mind for me to proceed immediately to Roumania, while conditions are still tolerable, for the purpose of assisting our relatives there and to bring some of them to the United States, at the first opportunity.
Ich möchte mit dem Tag auch hier teilnehmen:
But let's not mistake J Street for anything but what it is - an anti-Israel, self hating dead end.
It's a buttered roast, vinegar and toffee,
Ombudsman Patrick Pexton says that the Washington Post gave an “incomplete picture” of the March for Life in both its print story and online photo gallery. Pexton writes that the Post “fell down” in its coverage of the March by failing to include any photos in the gallery that conveyed the magnitude or the “festiveness” of the pro-life crowd, instead focusing on the confrontations between a small group of pro-abortion counter protesters and passing pro-lifers on the steps of the Supreme Court.
Tyra Mail! – Beauty is in the SMIZE of the beholder. Fierce & Love, Tyra
Here is a very short video of someone who will be happy that Winter will be over. Enjoy!
Die-cut Flowers and Leaves from felt. Embellish the Leaves with stitching and the Flowers with threaded buttons. Arrange as desired and attach to a store-bought elastic headband with hot-glue.
chamber like two rednecks in the back of a pickup. Art
Please read article #5 for a list of the best products to use!
Aspirin or Acetylsalicylic Acid is a derivative of salicylic acid that is a mild, no narcotic analgesic useful in the relief of headache and muscle and joint aches. The drug works by inhibiting the production of prostaglandins, body chemicals that are necessary for blood clotting and which also sensitize nerve endings to pain. Aspirin is used to treat mild to moderate pain, and also to reduce fever or inflammation. It is sometimes used to treat or prevent heart attacks, strokes, and angina.
It is easier for me to imagine raising two boys because I've been raising a boy for over 3 years. That imagined life is full of joy and love. Before Camille I never had this huge desire for a girl other than it would be fun to see what she looked like. I was such a tomboy growing up, Super rough and tumble (I'm way more girlie now). The thought of pink sparkles and tutus seemed overwhelming. I know each child is themselves and having an older brother influence will have an impact but you know what I mean. Like I said we didn't know Camille was a girl and she was due in July...IT IS HELL here in the summer...I mean out of control hot and we knew we would have everything if we had a boy and I am super practical. No nursery was set up, only diapers and one pack of white onesies were purchased. No baby shower...nothing. I can't tell you how many times I have cried that I never bought even ONE little dress. It BREAKS MY HEART!
Once I finished Vicky Dreiling first novel I found myself wanting more and I had to wait a little for the sequel. Waiting is the most frustrating part when you find an author you want to continue with their work. The second book, How to Seduce a Scoundrel was worth the wait.
c) how do you tell a story where they have to burrow underground
The comical characters (my favourite is Faintly Macabre, the Not-So Wicked Which), word play and literal exemplifications of idioms- for example, Tock can carry Milo through the air, since "time flies"- is reminiscent of Lewis Carroll, and also the recent China Mieville Young Adult novel Un Lun Dun.
Situation’s
Athanasius is known as the Father of Orthodoxy for his valiant stand, and the “Athanasian Creed” is attributed to him, the first words of which in latin are Quicumque vult, which means Whosoever will.
My apologies for this post being a few hours late - for some reason the scheduler didn't work this time.
One of the few downsides to life in NoJoCo is the dearth of good bars.
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit in New Orleans has ruled 2-1 against the administration’s request to stay a lower court decision that lifted the 6-month drilling m moratorium, arguing the admin had failed to demonstrate “how it would be irreparably harmed if it were not granted,” a report said.
Dimensions: 0.00 in x 0.00 in x 0.00 in (0.0 cm x 0.0 cm x 0.0 cm)
“I would just like to say a big thank you and how ecstatic I am with my pictures of my son taken by Michael. I had some of my own ideas in which Michael was happy to accommodate and also his own touch of expertise was what created the most gorgeous and cherished pictures I have of my little boy. So easy to work with and an absolute natural working with mother and child (especially as my child is one with special needs) Thanks again Michael and good luck with all your future creative endeavours.”
Irate neighbors said the horse could have died, but Modisette said the animal is currently in fine health.
Pink Blazer - £25 in h&m
As I was there, in my room on my knees, it hit me. My life wasn’t my own. In the span of what seemed years, God had completely reconciled my past. All the pills. The alcohol. The pride of life…all of it didn’t matter anymore. God had in that moment, brought peace to my broken heart. Now, naturally after an experience like this, I went to my bible…and to be honest didn’t know where it was. I dug through boxes and eventually found my old NKJV snap cover at the bottom of unpacked items. I dusted it off, prayed to God that He would reveal His will to me and would you know, I turned right to Matthew 28:19. The Great Commission. In that instant, I literally trembled in fear. I felt an overpowering presence of the Lord and in that moment understood what Fear of the Lord meant. I dropped again to my knees and He spoke to me as if He were standing face to face with me and He spoke, “You’re finished. It’s My will now”. Acknowledging the call, I went back to work the next day and turned down the promotion and submitted a two month notice. I immediately contacted my pastor and started weekly meetings with him and we came to a conclusion, that I should get some biblical foundation underneath me. I’ll never forget it, the first meeting with him. As I sat there, pouring out my experiences with him and sharing my heart, he sat there silent for several moments and gets up to go to his bookshelf. He comes back and places a little book, titled “Second” in front of me and asks me a simple question, “What seed are you now?”.
June 7 - Leonard Stern, TV writer ("Get Smart"), 88
The overall verdict? Out of the three, Walgreens wins. When it comes down to technology versus personality, especially with these three examples, technology has the edge. Personality may draw people in but the interactive and convenience qualities of technology make it more accessible and effective.
In any case, Korine's "The Lotus Community Workshop" is memorable chiefly for featuring Val Kilmer playing himself as a self-help guru/charlatan who spends the rest of his time basically getting stoned and hanging out with his girlfriend (Rachel Korine). None of this adds up to much more than a prank, but Kilmer is a hoot to watch, especially when you get to the end and hear his auto-tuned "Fourth Dimension" song at the end.
Also, if you go to Soma Records you can download his remix of Pablo's Stratus for a quid. I posted the original ages ago. The remix is very good dub disco.
Combat Abilities: Brawl 1 Melee 2 Missile 0 Defense 1
Book Signing with Frances Mayes
Hope without knowing what to hope for and change with no goal in mind become pretty stark and small after a while. The only romanticism here in my quarry is the utopia of equality and there is nothing dazzling about half the ppopulation getting things they do not work for and the other half slaving to buy them those things.
The Gecko Galz products that I used are
In the last few weeks Birkbeck have asked me to ask the students to fill in weekly feedback forms and hand them back to me at the end of each lecture.
as life flies out of us
“Does prime minister not agree that with the Hougang SMC being vacant, there is actually an under-representation of the Hougang voters in this House?”
The article also got me thinking about the people who've helped ensure outdoor life, an appreciation for this province and its peoples, and the willingness to learn and share new ideas and facts are part of my nature. So, I'd like to take a time-out from my usual blog fair of coyote tracks, owls, and wild-fungus-foraging to say some thank-yous.
We were going to find out the sex but D couldn't come to the scan so I asked the sonographer to take a picture or write it down and put it in an envelope so we could open it later that evening.
Unless you and all supporting the dictatorship of Kamla Rani?
Thursday (August 31) saw the recovery of Edvard Munch's missing masterpieces "The Scream" and "Madonna." They were stolen on August 22 of 2004. Erling Lae, Oslo's city commissioner is quoted as saying, "We know both pictures have been handled roughly and that 'Madonna' has received a scratch or gouge, but I have been informed that the damages are not irreparable."
Okay, this movie I'm getting into has a kangaroo as its lead pugilist - even has its name as the title of the flick - but as anyone who has even one black eye can see, Matilda has a real kangaroo in it just like 2004's Garfield starred a real cat.
A friend of mine recently went through a bad break-up. As is often the case with friends and lovers, friends’ lovers become your friends too. And unfortunately, if and when the lovin’ goes sour, friends get caught in the middle and are left to choose sides.
"Black people are not necessarily against capitalism," he said, adding that it was only the model of capitalism that the apartheid National Party had promoted that blacks did not like.
“On some levels, you can also have this feeling that we are being duped, somehow. And that the world is at play for something you would understand more if it were pure ideology. It is a very strange time and also basic things are being taken away.” Edwidge Danticat
He lives by the motto, “At first dreams seem impossible, then improbable, and finally inevitable”
Retro-causal electromagnetic field momentum in superconductive vacuum
In the very beginning, don't worry yourself about the percentages of carbs, protein, and fats; that's for later when you're running marathons and saving the world. Early on, it's more important to look at things like sugar content, sodium levels, or calories. It's about making small changes. Go from white bread to wheat bread, and then to a different wheat bread with more fiber, and then to a different one with less sugar. Someday, it will be second nature to choose healthier foods, which brings me to step 5:
(mospat.ru) - On St. Thomas Sunday, April 22, His Beatitude Metropolitan Vladimir of Kiev and All Ukraine officiated at the Divine Liturgy celebrated in the Church of Ss Anthony and Theodosius at the Dormition Laura of the Caves in Kiev.
On Day 5, Dozakh presented a very nice collection of eveningwear that had strategically placed detailing. Designer Arpan Vohra had a stylish lineup with accents and his colour-blocking was particularly notable. Designer Jatin Verma’s contemporary silhouettes proved to be his comeback on the A-list with carefully released colour palette, structured looks, laser cutouts and matt sequins. Although designer Rocky S went the blingy way on his western looks, the show was reverberating because of the music. Malaga by Malini Agarwala had an impressive lineup of embellished bags inspired by Africa.
So there we go, that’s why I feel each child should be worth at least 10% off if you are grocery shopping alone with kids. Trust me Grocery stores, you’ll get more business, and nobody will every bring 10 kids grocery shopping by themselves. They would rather pay full price than ever suffer the torment of 10 kids conspiring on how to make their parents look like they deserve worst parent of the year award!!!
“I-I just know. And you would know if I was lying.”
Aretha Franklin Respect US
As you can see, my trainees, all 5 of them, did a good job! Although it was their first time, the cake turned out very presentable. They liked eating them too! I had to cut the cake when it was still hot because the girls couldn't wait to taste them as the smell was just so irresistible! It was a day well spent!
Project Payday gives people who are interested in making money by trying products a forum in which to find that type of work. It doesn’t cost any money to sign up with Project Payday, so it can’t hurt to at least check it out and see what you think.
Try saying that ten times--LOL!! Congratulations to Jodi...your name was chosen for my April Give-Away Apron. Please email your address and this Spring Time Apron will be on it's way to your kitchen.
Oh, and before I run off again, I wanted to remind you to take a look at Sandra Strait's sites (she has a bunch of great tangles in "Totally Tangled" as well!) Her Flickr albums are amazing! the one titled "Zendoodles" has over 600 images! Yowza. And her blog Life Imitates Doodles has lots of links and tangle instructions too. If you have been wondering about how to use color in your Zentangles, Sandra does it expertly!
Other Qualifications:
and actually, if we so desire,
She thought I was kidding
The distant cover of the tall trees of my forest beckon to me and I start in their direction. As I reach the edge of the village my people emerge from the shadows as if born of them. We meet up and melt into the darkness of the forest.
her heart looked good. her lungs looked good.
I grabbed a little handful of the fragrant cilantro, and sliced a little plate of scallions, washed a few sliced mushrooms and made my omelet.
Christ was all anguish that I might be all joy, cast off that I might be brought in,
Women get a raw deal in history. Unless they're the wives or daughters of "great men" (pffft!) or are barking mad (Lucretia Borgia, you rock!) they get overlooked.
Here are a few of the inspiration I am using to bring this goodness to life.
Here is my Japanese Lace 3 row. What a pretty weave. I bought it with my Dad in mind. He had a car back in the days before me that was yellow with a black stripe. I'm a terrible daughter and can never remember what it was...but, it was a muscle car and all the stories I ever hear about it are filled with love. Anyway, I made it for him but, knowing that he would never wear it. He's too tough for pretty jewelry! lol So, it's my Mom's now. I will probably make her a pair of earrings to match. Sorry about the poor pictures. I was at home when I did them and the good camera was in Camp and the people they are for are at home.
* Replace your humidifier's filter about once every 6 weeks. This really enhances the humidifier's performance (in fact, you'll notice the water level in your humidifier going down much quicker with a new filter, since so much more water can pass through it).
Do the same for the mushrooms, adding the finely chopped onions and leek. Mix them together and season with salt, pepper and a little nutmeg and roughly chopped fresh parsley.
“Take simple notes from things you read/watch/hear.”
It is irrelevant how much a woman hates men – the only thing that matters is her weight?
In that letter was a simple text which caught my eye, "We have a long-standing commitment as Democrats Abroad to simplifying the path to citizenship and legal permanent residency for non-American spouses and close family members".
695 D-V/10/1975. “Amendments XIII-XXVI to the Constitution of the United States.” Ohio Endowment for the Humanities, City Council Chamber, Norwalk, Ohio. (First of a series of Ohio lectures organized by Edward A. Quattrocki.)
"Now, that's wrong," Carr told his staff. "Some of these Japanese are citizens of the United States. They're American citizens." And yet, nearly 120,000 people of Japanese descent, many of them American citizens, would spend the war years in internment camps, including Camp Amache, located near Granada in southeast Colorado. Barbed wire lined their boundaries and military police guarded their exits.
When Steven Spielberg traced Indiana Jones' route on a world map in Raiders of the Lost Ark, he took that from the opening of Casablanca. George Lucas copied the arrival of Major Strasser (Conrad Veidt) and his initial meeting with Capt. Renault (the incomparable Claude Rains) for Darth Vader's greeting of the Emperor in Return of the Jedi.
I was shocked to hear this. Did she pass away as soon as I took my eyes off her? Was it the result of vengeful thoughts I wished upon her just seconds ago, after a small fight? I ran to check with my shirt yet unbuttoned. She was fine, and I was so relieved that I wanted to hold her, but I was instead scolded and sent back to my room. There in the mirror, a different boy waited, this one in play clothes.
“… genuine concern for the other person”
"Pager ... (huge breath) ... went ... .... (huge breath) ... ... off." (huge breath) (panting)
You’re such a hot-shot computer software type, I thought I’d make you a proposal. You know, like in that Pet Shop Boys song, “I’ve got the brains, you’ve got the looks, let’s make lots of money.” Knowing that you’re a man who’s always trying to earn a living with his skills in the virtual world, I figure this is an offer you can’t refuse.
Writer and director Ain Gordon’s work has often been preoccupied with the past, but his stage production, “Not What Happened,” focuses as much on a direct thematic line between what was and what is.
Quite a few people in this class . . .
Ava and the Bird Man are out on the water and swamp areas, headed to the Eye of the Needle. Ava tells the Bird Man that there are a lot of Seminole ghosts out there and that her sister is "...named for a Seminole chieftain. The whites killed him with malaria. He died in Fort Moultrie, South Carolina."
That all sounds great! But as with most things, it is easier said than done. Flexibility is HARD. It means prepping less and prepping more efficiently. It means going off book. It means letting go of control (something my friends and loved ones will be SHOCKED to know I struggle with); control of the story, control of the game.
Combine the garbanzo beans, tomatoes, eggs, and celery in a large bowl.
And TV brings it all in our living rooms. I think this is one where you can “blame the media.” We shouldn’t be exposed to anything these people say, but here it is.
9. Shitting Bricks
I have never been to Taiwan before as this Mandarin speaking country has aroused very little interest of mine to explore it, be it its attraction or food. I was not really keen on dining at Xian Ding Wei but was willing to give it a try since many people around me had recommended this place to me. The food was however truly a let down. It's my first and will also be my last time eating Taiwanese food in Malaysia. Hopefully someone or something would change my perception towards Taiwanese food one day.
In 2009, this dropped by 3% to $364K.
1. Combine the ingredients very well in a large bowl if you have time chill them to allow the flavors to meld, otherwise shape them and place them in a greased (13x9) baking pan.
Anzac Day today, sun is shining and I have a card to show you before I head outdoors and pull some weeds. I enjoyed knocking together this card... I used lots of bits and pieces.... yep, still trying to use up my stash before heading to SENZ paper craft expo
What I'm not doing is sitting down to my novel (for a novel is what I'm calling it, whether it is or not is another matter).
Stray Love is the story of Marcel, a boy who has been abandoned by his mother and is being brought up by his foreign correspondent guardian, Oliver. When Oliver begins to travel extensively for work, Marcel moves in with their neighbour, Pippa, with whom Oliver has a confusingly intense relationship. Growing up in sixties England as the child of a white mother and a black father, neither of whom he even knows, Marcel feels conspicuous but also identity-less. Eventually, Pippa’s less than orthodox childcare methods are discovered, and Marcel finally joins Oliver in Vietnam, a place he feels comfortable despite the turmoil and violence around him.
Instinctively I lifted my hand to my neck curling my fingers around the magician’s eyeglass dangling against my chest. Without a second thought I ripped the chain from my neck and held the glass at the edges between my index finger and thumb. Through the shard I saw myself reflected onto the black mirror doorway.
Corporal Cooper reached down and selected yet another AP round for his missile launcher and his gunner fired once more at the big bug. Again, the heavy round did nothing but stun the creature. It roared once more and turned its head as if trying to work out what kept hitting it.
boom boom
‘Ideally, I would like us just to be working and in stable jobs,’ Schirmacher told Life Inc. ‘I don’t need to make a $100,000-a-year salary. I just want to be able to make money to be able to pay my bills on time, pay for the school for my kids. I just want to be able to have, like, nice Christmases with them.’
P.S. Thanks to my good friends Phil Blankenship and Jacqueline Greed for digging this one up! Wouldn't have had a movie today without their assistance.
Grace and Brian are the happiest people you'll ever meet. There's never a time where they don't have a smile on their faces. They were dating for 5 years when they went on a trip to Africa with Brian's family and that's where Brian proposed last year. His parents live in the Landfall neighborhood in Wilmington, NC, and Grace immediately knew she wanted to have their wedding in the area. They were married in the Kenan Chapel in Landfall and the reception was held at Brian's parents house. The decor and florals were done by Salt Harbor Designs. Grace's dress was from J. Crew. The band was the Bibis Ellison band (amazing!). Cocktail hour was held in the front yard complete with Bocci and Croquet. It was a beautiful location. Glass balls with tea lights hung from the trees. Then the reception moved to the backyard. Everyone danced under a brick patio with string lights with the band played. There was a dessert bar for the guests. There was also a poolside sitting area ... Beautiful paths, gardens, fountains, and little sitting areas made up this beautiful backyard on the waterway. Grace wore purple flats so it was easy to dance the night away! Then at the end of the night they left to a sparkler exit.
Here we see the total disdain the Jews had for the ministry of Paul. God had chosen Paul and for proof we read Acts 13:2-4.
Thankfully, my septugenerian Canadian mentor, born and bred in Fredericton, New Brunswick, set me straight. Yes, she conceded, the past month has suggested a winter in Quebec. But a timid one.
He pledged that Macedonian troops would remain in Afghanistan until the formal end of the NATO mission, now set for December 2014, and said that there was no pressure in Parliament for an early withdrawal, as there is in some member nations.
Numerous Boers still call their language die taal.
Let me start by apologizing for the fact that I have been MIA in the blog world. But I think a best friends wedding is a pretty good excuse for the blog to take the back burner for a few days. I am sad that this weekend has come to an end. Kady left yesterday ( I was sad to see her go) and Mark left early today. However I cannot think of a better way to spend a long labor day weekend then with people you love, and celebrating the wedding of one of your best friends. My whole weekend was centered around wonderful friends/family, and making memories! We have countless pictures of the "high school bunch" from this weekend. I felt like I was back in high school (not that I am complaining), especially when my parents made brunch for all of us Sunday morning after the wedding. Everyone gathered in my parents kitchen taking and laughing just felt like the good old days. This post is going to be very picture heavy! But there are so many wonderful pictures I want to share with you from the wedding! I cried and laughed on Saturday. Katie made the most beautiful Bride, and you could honestly tell how happy and in love Katie and Richard are. The ceremony focused on how they had known each other for a life time, and talked of there love for one another, you could just see how excited the two of them were to start their lives together. I am so glad I got to be apart of their wonderful day, and with that being said here are some fabulous pictures!
The alarming thing though, is that this was the speech given by Connie Mulder in 1977 when the Nats implemented exactly what the ANC is doing now.
Hey there, crime kids. Happy Hump Day. It's time once again to take a trip to the dark side, where your most violent fantasies become sins of the flesh, right here, where the hardboiled action is non-stop, at the coolest crime joint in cyberspace ... at That Killing Feeling.
Pollington S. The mead-hall. Anglo-Saxon Books, 2003. ISBN 1-898281-30-0.
Thanksgiving Tips to Make Your Day Easier
Over all the plot and characters were descent, I’m hoping that Slave to Sensation just fell into the first book in a series trap and that I will enjoy book two, Visions of Heat, more.
Saturday... I had planned to go for the full century this year, but due to the year end commitments at the high school, I had to take over 2 months off of training and just didn't feel ready to do the full century. I decided to do the mini metric and add 10 miles onto the end... 48 miles in all for me. Jeff rode the first part of my ride with me and then did the metric... so about 70 miles for him. Dave and friend Paul did the full century.
However, every year the general public neglects the things which make the world tick over a little easier. Sure, it’s a great idea to want to get fit, quit smoking, save money, kick out that good-for-nothing spouse or whatever, but what about the little cogs in the wheels of your world that need just as much attention as the big ideas? I’m talking about The Lesser Resolutions. The minor little commitments that you can make to yourself that may just be the difference between a good night’s sleep and reaching for the nearest automatic weapon next time someone pisses you off. Here are some of mine:
Some might say I should just pay more attention. Concentrate more. Steer away from the departments I have no business in. Focus. Look at the bigger picture. Weigh the situation.
I'm cranky. And crampy.
Since I changed the name and I'm having trouble coming up with 7..I may just loose the 7 rule..Shit I don't know is Shit I don't know after all
...am in my 20's. Well, now my late 20's. Don't ask how old. If you pay enough attention you can figure it out pretty easily.
I discovered a tragedy yesterday at work ... the have Blogger BLOCKED! How can they do this to me! Sigh ... I was ok when I saw facebook was blocked (expected that), but blogger and my fantasy football pages are blocked too! Andrew has no sympathy though, and told me 'welcome to the world of real jobs'; not that Vandy wasn't a real job ... I just had a lot of free time and a lot of time to social network. I think it's really funny that when I tell my IRL friends about my new job they are all like 'oh no, what about your blog?' Don't worry friends, I'll just have to change my schedule a bit so I can blog in the mornings before work!
Rob Simmons, who halted his campaign for the Republican Senate nomination after losing the party endorsement to former WWE CEO Linda McMahon, will begin airing TV ads urging voters to "look at the issues" before voting in the Aug. 10 primary.
limitations).
Every normal man must be tempted, at times, to spit upon his hands, hoist the black flag, and begin slitting throats. - H.L. Mencken
I will fear no evil, for you are with me;
16/08 10:05 W Shot Put Qualification
WHAT? I meant like a oven or a car!!!! (What did you think I meant, pervs :-D )
when nature is human emotion,
ADDENDUM 2: A great deal of attention has been put on John Lurie’s Lyme disease and the horrid New Yorker article written in 2010 (I’m not going to link to the article as I want nothing to do with improving the article’s ranking in search engines). Most readers know Le Clown’s a huge fan of the artist, mostly the musician (sorry buddy, I truly respect you as a painter, but your music speaks to my heart). Well, John is also a fantastic human being, and following the news of the custody battle for The Whispering Petunia, John gave me a shout this morning, by phone and on Facebook, with a message of hope. It’s truly appreciated John. You’re a very decent man.
Then it was summer and she went outside to play. But in September, when the neighbor kids went back to school, she returned to the TV. This time, however, she had her sketchbook on her lap and sketched while she watched TV. It was a change, and, fortunately, I recognized its significance and kept my big mouth shut.
"I and my cousins against the world, I and my brothers against my cousins, I against my brothers."
English through and through, Josephine Myles is addicted to tea and busy cultivating a reputation for eccentricity. She writes gay erotica and romance, but finds the erotica keeps cuddling up to the romance, and the romance keeps corrupting the erotica. Jo blames her rebellious muse but he never listens to her anyway, no matter how much she threatens him with a big stick. She’s beginning to suspect he enjoys it.
You can tune into it below, download it for FREE from iTunes or other podcasting services, You can listen to the cleaned up audio version right here: The Fate of Five Points
I cannot see what I will become; I have to trust the Potter for the end result.
Gregory: wow it looks like the race is
Pours an opaque black with amber to ruby highlights. Pours thinly, like a standard stout, and has a small light tan head that isn't too reminiscent of an imperial stout either. Good deep, vinous smell though. That puts it closer to a porter to my tastes, but as long as it starts getting more substantial that's all I care about. Roasted grain smell and alcohol are the most prominent smells aside from the tannins.
Book: Lord of the Rings by JRR Tolkien
Ponyo portal and instead of imbalance in ocean here there is imbalance above sky and portal is opened and future creatures but that would mimic prehistoric sea creatures attack the earth.
And we continued in this vein for sometime and off Arijit went and created his magic. He said that the curry came out great and instantly I knew that this would be a great recipe. So I pestered him till he gave the recipe and some pictures for ahaar. :) Thanks Arijit!
There was a large manila envelope waiting for me on the dining room table this morning. I recognised it immediately. I’d addressed it to myself a long time ago.
Well Sparky, thanks for your question. Allow me to relate this little tale which I think will serve as an answer.
It can only be tenable and productive
The Weed Creature was an intelligent, semi-mobile form of seaweed that inhabited the Atlantic Ocean near the coasts of England. It was sighted by mariners in the 18th century.
Here is the sketch...
“The basic penalty may preclude you from representing the second college until you have completed two academic years in residence at the latter institution and you may lose two seasons of competition in all sports,” according to a National Letter of Intent cheat sheet from the NCAA’s official website.
Xypherous: Very nice.
I was there with my father to wipe his brow and put moisturizer on his lips. I wanted his passing to be as quick and painless as possible. Without the support from the drugs his damaged kidneys stopped making urine and his blood pressure dropped downed to dangerous levels. It took about 4 hours for before his body could no longer survive and he sliped quietly away.
But, I'm so pleased that I was able to make this successfully, that I want to share. Who knows, maybe there's some other book-loving-but-sewing-challenged person out there feeling, as I was, a little intimidated by this particular project.
“Can we finally go now?” I didn’t like his face as much as he probably didn’t like mine by then and I just wanted to reach my destination in time.
Oh, where my dogs at? (What!?!) Where my dogs at?
6. Beans make me fart. This is a deeply quirky thing for us Novapulsian chickens given that beans are a staple part of our diet. I realise this might seem strange to you because I have never met a human who could eat a bean without farting.
I took the next couple of photos a different day from the others because I hadn't shown the pot of gooseneck loosestrife on the bench trellis, or the straight on view of the bench with the strawberries growing underneath.
Morgen: It is the most popular viewpoint. Do you use prologues / epilogues? What do you think of the use of them?
http://www.hexham-violins.co.uk/ (The wonderful store owner of this delicious shop held it open on Christmas Eve two years ago, amidst a blizzard, so Francis could collect an A string for my Xmas present, a cello!)
My grammar isn't perfect - it's quite good but then I mould it to suit what I am trying to say. The beauty of the English language is that it is so flexible, unlike, for example, French, which has rules which must not be broken otherwise they won't understand you.
2000: 50 deaths
—Yaseen Rocca
This can not be logically explained.
Eventually, after many blood tests, 4 and 5 times during his hospital stay and we had to go back twice after that to do more blood tests, they found out that it was just a very bad virus. The doctor said that no treatment was necessary and time would have cured him. However, he was pumped with a lot of antibiotics during his stay. Sigh.
Private yacht charter vacations are not your normal ‘run of the mill’ trips, here we look at some amazing places that your luxury yacht can take you to. This time we are looking Alaska, New England and Greece as destinations for your yacht charter vacation.
I knew how soft love touch would be,
But now I think I do. It's like fasting. Jesus fasted for forty days in the desert before beginning His ministry. (Thus the 40 days in Lent). When we deny ourselves something, and turn to God, it can help our spiritual walk. We take the time we would otherwise be spending on what we gave up and give it to God. Spend time in prayer, in communion.
09. Dude, Where's My AT-AT At? feat. The Garthim-Master
I will definitely miss my time with Kristy and the team. What a great bunch of people to work with. Helpful, friendly, easy to get along with, "play nice with others". lol
Hands washed in lustful need
The turnout at the first day of vote was 48 percent, the authorities said.
A friend asked me today about the best and thriftiest place to buy frames to display artwork. She wanted to frame some of her Kindergartner's artwork and the first thing I thought of was Michael's. More specifically they sell a wedding signature frame that I think would be perfect for this. I'm sure you've seen these at weddings, where you sign the matte instead of a guest book.
Books become our friends, and friends and connections save lives. Not only "will it get better" after the teen years are done, we can help make them better for teens now.
Secondary fermentation in glass at 72F for 5-7 days.
He didn’t answer directly. He just told me with an enigmatic expression on his face to wait for a moment. Then he slipped out of bed and went into another room. I put out my cigarette in the ashtray beside the bed and a few moments later he returned and stood in front of me beside the bed. Whatever he had in mind was obviously turning him on because his erection had already returned in force.
For the most eerie comparison yet, if you want to see a video that looks just like me when I was in my mid-20s or so, watch the music video below. Our hair’s the same, our beard and moustache is the same, he moves his head and his mouth the same, our glasses are close to being the same as they were when I was in my mid-20s, and the smile’s the same.
by Elton John
I am sure that we will work out a breastmilk/formula compromise that works for us, lets me nurse, and lets him stay fat and happy. But it is a little stressful in the meantime when he is crying for food he can't have (breastmilk) or over food he doesn't want (anything in a bottle).
I was happy that I was sent a tin with an assortment of cookies. It allowed me to taste several different cookies and really be able to pick my favorite one. I would have to say that my most favorite cookie was the peanut butter. Which is actually quite funny since that is the one cookie I do not typically go after. This really changed my opinion on peanut butter cookies for the future. I loved the size of the cookie, with it being 3 1/2 inches wide it allowed me to have a good portion to snack on. The cookies were not overly hard but not super soft either, just perfect. I do love the fact that these cookies are great by themselves or with of course a tall glass of milk. My family and I have enjoyed eating these yummy cookies and look forward to when we get more!
It is both fun and helpful to debate actual economic questions. So do that.
London… every teacher of English dreams to visit it at least once in their lifetime! I had been dreaming about it for more than 25 years when, eventually, in December 2010, my dream came true!
So, when they stopped wanting to go to toy stores a few months ago, I was a bit lost for a while. I wanted so desperately to hang on to those memories of when the simplest things gave them joy, when seeing something new seemed to change their lives. I wanted to sit on the floor at the toy store again and play imagination games, to live again (or still) in the Land of What is Possible, instead of in the Valley of Realism and Linearity. In my quieter moments, I began to wonder if maybe something was wrong with them, if somehow our support of their interests in gaming and computers and electronica had warped their sense of wonder to such a degree that nothing would ever seem Wonderful again. I wanted to go back and find the perfect toy store again, so their reaction to the wonder would provide me with the energy to stay full and focused on what is simple and fun in the world. But things had changed, and I did not like it.
It is a light saison, just 4.8%, but with a pretty pointed 32 BUs. Although the early buzz is positive, I found it an odd beer. Not timid, but strangely incoherent. The aroma is funky and phenolic. If the brewery didn't use a saison yeast, they did a good job of disguising the fact. Yet the beer is as clear and golden as a pilsner, which creates a kind of cognitive dissonance. Sniff: Belgiany, funky, saison. Look: gently effervescent, clear, bright, and filtered. Well, no matter: try a sip to resolve things. Except it doesn't. The palate is all tang and medicine. The Saaz hops are strong enough that it adds to the pilsnery aphasia, yet the yeast is estery, fruity (apricots?), and effervescent. Then there's the peppercorn addition, which comes across as a grating bitterness, almost like menthol. In the end, the needle was pointing in a positive direction, if provisionally. I would recommend this beer selectively, and only to the the experimental.
In the January issue of Maxim, Douglas said he was convinced that Amanda Knox and Raffaele Sollecito are innocent.
--for the olive green colour: olive green, 5767-T, 617-T
Such luxury comes at a price, of course. The Phoenix 1000 costs approximately $80 million.
And as is often the case in our house it started a family discussion.
Yet there is some people who's days drone on
So what can we do with this information? I think the first and foremost thing to keep in mind is our children, of course. As you can see, the first constructs they learn will be held on to for a very long time. Do your absolute best to ensure your child is exposed to a solid foundation that does not force them to believing things based solely tradition.
At several sites, a clear analysis is given of the circumstances that enabled Hitler to come to power: a combination of terrible economic times, endemic racism, and a trumped-up fear of Socialists and Communists – all of which the Nazis exploited. When they seized power illegally in 1933, they insisted they were doing this to “save” the homeland from “dangerous socialists” – their name for the legitimate, democratically elected government at the time.
And Dawn’s relationship with her elder sister was often tense. ‘Until I arrived, she’d had her parents’ attention all to herself.‘Race had never been an issue with my white siblings but it seemed to be an issue with her. ‘She would comment on the fact that my skin was lighter, and my hair not pure Afro.’
Oh dear sweat angels. Speak to us about more:
(Click on graphic to enlarge for clarity, and focus on Cur., for Current, as opposed to FEIS, which represents the numbers in the Final Environmental Impact Statement.)
I have 5 of these covers, since I took advantage of a BOGO sale to boost my stock. I have never used the Indian prefolds that came with the diapers -- I tried one when Little Man was smaller, and the bulk was laughable. However, I may cut them into thirds and use them as liners! They seem quite well made.
her young. A volcano is just
On another note this will be my last posting with One Powerful Hour for a while, it's time to move on to some other projects I would like to work on. I would like to thank you all for joining with us on my challenges I have really enjoyed the experience and I hope you have also. I want to thank Caroline for giving me the chance to work with her - Caroline your work is really wonderful, you are a very talented artist and I wish you all the best in your future. I know we will keep in touch!! Continue to always be creative.
Now hear me while I pray, take all my guilt away,
Going to a gay bar is exciting only the first few times. After a while it seems like you’ve seen it all and I don’t mean anything lewd here. The dances look the same save for big nights and grand production numbers. The girls and I could even tell which dancer will hit the stage on a regular night simply by hearing what song is playing. We even knew how some dancers would typically dance after a couple of times of seeing ‘em hit the stage solo. Things get predictable.
Put in blender along with:
It was when he was based at the Maria Ratschitz Mission, between Dundee and Ladysmith, that he became concerned about the forced removals. The Maria Ratchitz mission was an an area that had been proclaimed “white”, but had lots of black tenants who lived there and farmed. One of the mission practices in early days was to establish such farms, which were settled by early converts to Christianity, where they could be close to the church. It was a transplantation to Africa of the idea of a medieval European village. But now the area was “white”, and so the black tenants had to go. It was a “black spot” in the white area on the map, which must be rubbed out.
Let it be written on the sacred tablets that those who write plays and scenes to be acted out by computers will be forgotten, for this is writing that few will see. No matter how brilliant, no matter how creative, no matter how clever, no matter how efficient; these writings will be lost. No dead sea scrolls are they!
“Don’t rightly know,” Pappy now seemed lost in thought. After a brief pause, he continued, “We got enough supplies in our boats to last us for a while. We can live off the land. Been doin’ it down here in the swamp for centuries.”
And Meerkat Adventures specializes in short treks to meerkat grounds for 550 rand (US$70).
A Possible Contributor to Antibiotic Resistance
04 Out In The Street (5:10)
On the other hand what about occasional or not intentional copies of an art work or monument, like by private family pictures in front of a painting, statue or monument. When they would have to pay for the copyrights using the painting, statue or monument in their picture this would be ridiculous. It would be even more ridiculous if the server company who allowed to have the photo or film be placed on the net would also be taken accountable for the publication and infringement of copyright laws. can yo imagine which fines and problems Facebook is going to encounter?
35. Going Up
I'd had a whole bunch of kale in the fridge, but only used half of it in the soup. I usually chop it (after removing the stems) and cook it with a little garlic and onion. I soften the garlic and onion in just a smidgen of oil in a large skillet. I add the kale all at once, and sprinkle it with a few drops of aminos and a drizzle of vinegar, usually apple cider vinegar. Today I only had red onion, so into the pan it went. I softened it with the garlic and added the kale. I sprinkled it with a few drops of aminos, just a splash of ume vinegar and a smattering of rice vinegar. I gave it a little taste and immediately thought of the couple of pineapple spears sitting in my fridge. I chopped them up and added them to the pan. Yummy! A perfect blend of just a little salty and just a little sweet.
13 Arabesque
Bea made to pat her on the shoulder. Lucy stiffened at the touch. “I’m sure you have heard of them, dear,” Bea assured, “Otherwise, why would you be here?”
"By ignoring the party conferences, we committed a small but important act of rebellion against the oligarchy. More and better acts of rebellion will be required". So writes Brendan O'Neill, who, with a bit of effort, might catch up with us. Even trailing in our wake, though, he is right in advocating more acts of rebellion.
What are your plans for the summer? Is there a particular event you are looking forward to?
Judge Redden, who is 83, handed over the case to another judge last fall, and his statement has no legal impact. But his comments stirred debate among those fighting to protect salmon and hydropower supporters, and they added context to his past rulings. Although he has never publicly said he favors removing the four dams, on the lower Snake River, a tributary of the Columbia, he has rejected parts of three plans the federal government has proposed for saving salmon. All of the proposals, under Republican and Democratic administrations, left intact the four dams, which provide power but also affect the ability of adult fish to make their way to spawning groups up river and young ones to make it to the Pacific Ocean. Advocates say other sources of power, including wind, can compensate for the lost hydropower. …
A minute passes and police don’t know what happens.
Naikan is about asking ourselves three simple questions, every day. Writing your responses to these questions in a journal helps to make a daily routine easier. Set aside a few minutes towards the end of every day, and ask yourself the following questions and see what happens.
I realize that I haven’t added a ton to this conversation by just re-quoting King but that is because he has said what he wants to say better than I ever could.
4. Perhaps most importantly – what we really need to measure is the enthalpy of the system – the land measurements do not capture this aspect because the relative humidity at the time of temperature measurement is ignored. In water the temperature changes are a good measure of relative enthalpy changes.
We are called to be witnesses for God. Take your Bible from its hiding place and display it proudly. Many have suffered and died just so you could have that priceless book.
Actually, I'm feeling a bit better about Dell Tech Support today. My call was answered promptly, and there wasn't much of a wait to reach a technician initially. All three of the guys who assisted me were professional & patient ... much like I remember Dell Tech Support being years ago, so perhaps they've made support a priority again? I certainly hope so and if this resolves my crash issues, I'll be a happier blogger again.
Day 35
From what my Dad told me, the Chinese have used tung oil for about 600 years (give or take a few) on their boat hulls – and if it works for them, it works for me. :)
The Remains by Vincent Zandri (Pump Up Your Book Tours)
We noted that there is a small desk for writing and presumably for an offender’s personal T.V. as this is where the coaxial outlet is located. There are no shelves at the end of the bunks as found in most facilities.
4) The embrace of prefigurative politics.
Real-life Unschooling Parents panel
I’m so excited with this feature!! Big big thank you to Wedding Essentials for having me as one of the On the Spot Suppliers!=) Grab a copy of Wedding Essentials now!=)
It seems that many prejudices and stereotypes that are falsely applied to blacks are accepted by minorities to be accurate and true. For some minorities, uniting with the majority to hate or dislike their enemy, is the best way to prove that they are trustworthy and valuable. A color is just a color—deeming one color to be better than another, is as ignorant as blindly adopting a corrupt principle in order to become better established in the dominant system.
When I realized this famous cemetery was in Maramures in a place called Sapanta was a few minutes drive from Sighetu Marmaţiei we all decided to pay it a visit.
Hearts that Survive by Yvonne Lehman
...or another way...
3. Don't like where your project is heading? Set is aside for a while, even days, and go back to it with a fresh look. Many of my cards are colored, cut and laid out for days. I will go back and just glance at it now and then, rearranging or just reconsidering what's been done, before I settle on the final creation, often quite pleased with what I ended up doing.
Chris Quaife
Greetings and salutations to all intelligent people in the meta-nation which is the internet.
So much great stuff came packed in this HUGE box! Kayla even added MORE in than what she posted on her original giveaway. That being said, some of it is dupes of what I already have =O
Most of the MSA payment was to be paid by the three largest cigarette manufacturers – Philip Morris USA, RJ Reynolds, and Lorillard. Philip Morris USA, RJ Reynolds and Lorillard put into a disputed payment account more than $750 million based upon their claim to reduced payments under a provision in the MSA called the Non-Participating Manufacturer (NPM) Adjustment. The Office of Attorney General is currently participating in an ongoing proceeding to obtain Kentucky’s full share of the disputed payment amounts going back several years.
"...Apple's iAds appear to be twice as effective as a TV spot." This conclusion is based on an exhaustive study of one (count 'em, one) ad for Campbell's soup.
Mr Morris said he often shakes his car mats outside, but will be more careful in future and wanted to warn others to do the same. "I don't want the same thing to happen to anyone else," he said. Mr Morris's wife, Sonia, 72, said the council should clean up their streets. "It is their fault the cigarette butt was on my husband's shoe in the first place," she said.
I had intended to do a piece on carbon capture, but that will have to wait until later today. What diverts the attention is a report that the EU referendum debate is to be brought forward to Monday.
Publisher: Harlequin
But Jason Chen’s song wasn’t bad at all. I did end up liking it and wondered why great Asian voices like his weren’t recognized. Slow R&B songs with great voices are right up my alley. But posted on Youtube and keeping your fingers crossed to get shared enough to gain a large enough fan status is an awfully tough way to go about achieving success. The last successful Asian music artist I remember is Jin, who was a hip-hop/rap artist. This was when I was very young, and now-a-days if I was to ask someone if they knew who he was, odds are they would say no.
So today I set out with the express intention of photographing an Amish Sunday meeting with all the horses and buggies parked outside. The last Sunday I was off I went looking for one where I thought one should be and was wrong. On that occasion blogger Haney left a comment giving directions to one up on Duncan Rd. And a friend at work told me about one on Clearfield Rd., in the opposite direction. Today I chose the Duncan Rd. meeting because I could make a loop and come back home on the Rail Trail. The next time I'll go down to the one on Clearfield Rd.
I stare at them both, the blade and the phone, trying to decide which to choose.
The smell is mild, somewhat hard to detect like the aforementioned Mendocino Bock. The only thing I can really sense is pale malt. Again, the aroma doesn't detract from the beer, but it's hard to find a hint of what to expect.
I had a long conversation with these guys the other morning and have laughed until I cried only a handful of times in my life so thank you to Jorge and Jorah for not just having me as a guest but also for making me laugh until tears rolled down my face and for letting hours slip by in the blink of an eye!
AND HERE’S THE FULL REVIEW:
a man trying to feed his family.
“Remembering that I’ll be dead soon is the most important tool I’ve ever encountered to help me make the big choices in life. Because almost everything — all external expectations, all pride, all fear of embarrassment or failure — these things just fall away in the face of death, leaving only what is truly important. Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose. You are already naked. There is no reason not to follow your heart.”
Return the peaches and any collected juices to the pot and cook a couple of minutes more, until mixture returns to 220 degrees F. It will seem thin.
Use small boxes. Books can get really heavy, even in small quantities and remember, someone has to move them eventually! You can stop by our store, located at 3822 South Alston Avenue, Durham, NC (convenient to RTP by the way!) and pick up a few small boxes for $1.50 each. What a deal! Line each box with an unscented trash can liner. remove any dust or other soil by using a static duster. Those Swiffer dusters work great! You can also use a can of compressed air. You know, the same thing you use to keep your keyboard and computer dust free. When placing books in the box, it is actually best to stand them up in the box, just like you would in a bookcase. Avoid all temptations to fill those empty spaces in the top of the box with anything but books or acid free packing paper. Remember, the more sung the fit, the more stackable the box is, and the more likely it will not be crushed under the weight of other boxes that might be placed on top. Avoid storing your book boxes directly on the floor of your storage unit. Also avoid contact with outside walls or ceiling. Repel moisture and unwanted pests by lining your boxes with unscented trash can liners, as earlier suggested and after you place your books inside, close the bag tightly with a twister tie prior to sealing the box. Make sure all moisture is gone before doing this. Those small silicone gel packs are also great for keeping down unwanted moisture. If you think you might need to access specific books in the future, it might be best to pack them according to category. And don’t forget to label your boxes clearly.
Poppy seeds make a great exfoliate in soap. They are small round seeds that are not rough on delicate skin.
See you Monday everyone!!
The next time you foresee a breakup in your future, please pay special attention to your surroundings. Bartenders and servers have enough crap to deal with from the dining public already. The last thing they should have to deal with is playing referee in a love spat. If there's no way around making a scene and having the breakup in the middle of a bar or restaurant, then the LEAST you can do is leave a 20% tip.
It pisses me off that advertising companies try and glamorize something that is just nasty. Let's admit it, there is not one damn redeeming thing about THAT time of the month. Except of course if you happen to be in a shitty relationship and that time of the month is used as an excuse to not have sex. What? I'm just saying I've heard some women do that. It's not my fault the ex-husband didn't seem to know that there were only 30 days in a month.
Come on, I know you can do it. I have faith in you. First, let’s talk about what’s definitely NOT true. You are NOT stupid.
We wanted to take this moment, in the midst of what has been an extremely difficult few days, to thank all of our blog visitors for their overwhelming support. We have been quite literally inundated with comments from people from across the UK – and further afield – who have been glued to our falcon cam and blog since the weekend’s terrible storms.
It’s an intriguing idea for a howling female soul singer to tackle British rock ‘n roll and it has been touched on before by Tina Turner. LaVette’s voice does resemble Turner’s, particularly when she speaks over the band. But where Tina moves on to a polished delivery, LaVette stays with the core sentiment and goes much farther into the emotional realm.
2.) Emerson is afraid of all things medical at her ENT appointment last week we couldn't even get her on the scale.
While I am n favour of the Solicitors Regulatory Authority publishing reports of disciplinary proceedings taken against solicitors – I am not so sure the Solicitorsfromhell site is an altogether fair way of dealing with complaints. Quite apart from possible issues of libel and unfairness (the owner of the site says he has been threatened with libel by solicitors) – it is not an analytical or objective forum. The site does not appear to permit of a dissent or an alternative viewpoint under each listing post. Mr Kordowski has this notice on the front page of his website:
All balled up and ready to go. I love having a stash of yarn ready to knit up. Some days it's enough to make life worth living!
It's in the $1 room that I usually find the best bargains, and a mustard woolly mass catches my eye. Eekyacht - it's a gross old knitted cardigan! It's huge but hey, it's clean! Safe to touch, I inspect the inside - yes, it is hand sewn together - this handknitted grandpa cardigan is unravellable - yay!
You have to pour this guy real slow into a decent well chilled heffe glass or stein to enjoy this fantastic example of a heffe at its full potential. Remember to give the bottle a swill at the end of the pour to get some of that beaut sediment that flavors this yeast driven beer.
But even partying in Ibiza or soaking up the sun on the Isle of White requires packing the right essentials for festival fun.
It fit well and we didn't have any leaks, though the inner wanted to peek out of the front. The diapers sell for $7.99-$9.99 at http://www.gogreenpocketdiapers.com/, and are a great value.
May good luck accompany you and keep you safe - but not too safe, because risk is essential in our lives. I took a risk in writing Wasted. I like to think it paid off.
It is important to remember: had Jordan not joined Egypt and Syria in the war against Israel, the old city of Jerusalem would still be Arab. Clearly, while Jews were ready to die for Jerusalem they would not kill for Jerusalem.
The travel soap box I had was solid white and boring -- so I decided to give it more pizzaz! Working on a non-stick craft sheet, I used Tim Holtz felt applicator and dabbed on TH Adirondack alcohol inks in various colors/shades: Latte, Butterscotch, Cranberry, Current, Eggplant, & metallic Silver. I did a lot of experimenting with colors, so there could be more. The master of alcohol ink (Tim Holtz) makes mention in his techniques that you'll have to know when to stop--he wasn't kidding. Ha ha... He's got some great tutorials for using alcohol ink -- here's a good one to get your feet wet ---> HERE. You're gonna love what all these inks can do!
Democrats, notably President Obama at the national level but also at the state level people like former-Governor Granholm, and some Republicans too believe that it is possible to 'stimulate the economy' and 'create jobs' by taking property from homeowners, consumers, businesses, and investors and then giving it to favored, politically connected individuals. This sort of 'stimulus' was the basis of the ONE TRILLION dollar stimulus program that Congressional Democrats wrote and President Obama signed into law, and many Republicans voted for it too.
The shelves above hold my collection of milk glass cake pedestals. I know...I have a problem. I should do a whole post on just my milk glass collection because besides what you see here, I have a whole other cabinet full of fun treasures.
I think putting limitations on them is suffocating and hinders their growth and personality.
Volta contains enough wonderfully weird stuff to keep the loyal leftfielders happy, and just about enough hummable tunes to entertain the more fickle fans who got into Björk via Debut and then gradually lost patience with her increasingly way out music over the last few years. Still, overall, Volta is as poppy as Björk is ever likely to get at this stage of the game.
Dessert?
The glass in question was not something I would have ever imagined her having in her home so I could only assume that someone she knew had acquired some glass of their own. That alone would be enough to spark her to start a “collection” of her own. Even if she had never so much as looked at a piece of art glass in the past. EVEN if she had of expressed publicly, an all-encompassing hatred for all things art glass. Even if she had threatened to disown a child if they even so much as mentioned art glass in her presence. Mere trivialities….
but there's water next to me.
Natalie sneered back. “Aren’t you a little old to be sucking your thumb?”
A First Class Murder by Elliott Roosevelt
Without you I feel incomplete…
Before her misty eyes, she sees a shadow;
Upheld
My urge to make these muffins came one [really] late evening. I spent the earlier part of the night at The Box Social, a new drinking parlour, that specializes in craft cocktails and a few super good sandwiches and small bites. I was blissfully happy after a drink or three and their special panino–fig compote, creamed horseradish, caramelized onion, green apple & bleu cheese. Uh…yum. The flavor combination was wild, and I loved every single bite.
It was an ordeal to get to the ten post mark, but here it goes . . .
Well, I recommend using these curry paste when you don't have time to make indian curry from scratch. I also think that there are some other creative ways to use this paste for some other dishes. I will think about it and post it when I come up with some ideas and trial dish!
- how to date? (if you are really interested in other things - those heroines happily go about doing other things, until those brooding handsome-or-oddly-attractive heroes snatch them!:)
–CLIFF SWALLOW (50), near Linden, Twp Rd314 W of RR 261, Corinne Griffin.
SYCO took over everything to do with Ronan. His hairstyle, his clothes, his poise, giving tv interviews, you name it, Ronan was styled within an inch of his life and all on the promise of stardom, just as long as he worked hard and listened to his mentors. As for Ronan's parents they were constantly reassured that Simon was personally looking after Ronan and "it's all good".
I'd gone for the basil grande, not as strong in basil flavour as I'd hoped, but still refreshing with vodka, strawberries, Chambord, Grand Marnier and cranberry juice.
I have said before that reading random Old Testament texts is a fun pastime during a boring sermon, especially the first five books, the books of Moses.
F: On the Relations of Slaves to Masters Who Considered Them “Nothings”. . . . .pg. 269
O Catholic voices!
Programming Interns will be responsible for providing support to any of our many programs, such as Japanese Conversation Club, NW Nikkei Museum, Nikkei Genealogy, Yuji’s Omusubi, Special Events, etc. This is a great opportunity for an intern to gain valuable skills in program planning and coordination. Duties may also include general office work and other administrative tasks.
genius of its composition. May it be ravished by romantics, enjoyed by
Also, Americans continue to say the U.S. should emphasize energy conservation by consumers over increased production of oil, gas, and coal to address the nation’s energy problems. However, the 11-point gap in favor of conservation this year (51% to 40%) is much smaller than it was from 2001-2008, when it averaged just under 30 points.
3. The project I keep putting off is writing a book. Why? Because other things keep crowding it out. Things like moving, followed by heart surgery, moving again (see above), unpacking boxes. But I have my notes, my ideas, my outlines — and I've written pages and pages of my book. Unfortunately, those notes were in my laptop that was stolen. I do have the notes I printed out and saved in half a dozen notebooks, but not the notes that were in my flash drive, which went through the wash in the pocket of my jeans (yes, that did rather wash away its contents). I'll revise as I type out what I had before. Maybe what I write now will be even better.
Every member of Pepere’s clan has memories of hunting or fishing with him. He loved Lynch’s point, Steeprock, the Narrows, and Fairford. I will soon be delivering the eulogy at Pepere’s funeral. As I wrote it, I thought about the fact that Pepere had lived in a way that Niebuhr envisioned when he wrote the well known Serenity Prayer, adapted below;
The truth is that whoever reads their statements, and collects them, and reads the lines and what’s between the lines realizes that they mean Islam, not terrorism. In some of his statements, Bush said that the Muslims are Fascist and deserve a new Crusade. When his advisors drew his attention to the danger underlying his statements against all Muslims, he apologized for them, and so on.
Took your soul out into the night.
Tom's Midnight Garden by Phillipa Pearce ( Snowy's favourite read-aloud from 2011 was A Dog So Small by this same author.)
You may think I am joking except I’m being 50% serious.
I really like having someone to cook for again. When I lived with Mom and Dad, I cooked at least three times a week. When I moved in with Chuck-- my awesome roommate-- this summer, he thought he was getting a cook. What neither of us counted on, though, was that my drive to do anything more in the kitchen than heat up a frozen pizza was completely diminished. I was kind of burned out. I've since realized though, the real reason:
Check back for updates on the process, the crazy planning and how excited I am getting.
He descended into hell.
This conversation usually begins with actor being defeated by the casting conditions in New York and L.A.; being tired of struggling, being tired of rejection, and feeling they’ve not made any progress. There are plenty of actors in most communities in the country with no expectation of being in movies or television or on Broadway. They are regional and/or community theater actors and there is a nobility in what they do. It’s noble because it gives the community artistic energy. It’s noble because they join a family in their community. It’s noble because they’re passionate about it.
How well does it work?
There was more, but it would be too cruel an exercise to repeat it here. However, I sincerely hope that this snippet has cheered you up a little as we segue from the pleasant intoxicated uplands of Sunday towards the stark valley of reality, and plunge into the cold stream of sobriety called Monday.
The previous post dealt with the misuse of metaphor and models when interpreting biblical texts. What follows is a reading of the Yom Kippur ritual found in Leviticus 16, in its cultural, social context.
Postscript: As I was writing this I heard that Wells & Youngs have also bought the legacy Wm Younger and McEwan brands from Heineken. Heineken (and Scottish & Newcastle before them) never had much of an idea what to do with these brands, as they got in the way of selling Fosters and Kronenbourg. Perhaps Wells & Youngs will show more imagination. McEwan’s also once brewed imperial stout …
Morgen: I’m not a fan of research (although the internet has made it far easier) so I’m tempted to say “oh dear” here but some people love it. Have you ever received feedback from your readers?
@mummytime, @JodieAnsted, @Woogsworld, @KerriSackville, and @emmasbrain (Woops, wasn’t going to name any names, was I? Oh well…bombs away!)
Pretty much all of January I was EXHAUSTED! Like more than I've ever felt in my life.. I remember blogging about it and a couple of you said "Maybe you are preggo?". But I thought pregnancy exhaustion didn't / wouldn't hit till later so I dismissed the idea.
Of the 25 candidates, I’ve ruled out three for being too old. Four because they are recovering addicts. Another five because they are also teachers. (I have never found teaching a sexy and attractive career choice for a man. Fair or not, this is the truth.) Still more have been quickly eliminated based on height. I thought I’ve never been attracted to a short man. My dad is short. All my brothers are short. I don’t want short. I want big. Tall. Long-legged. I want to feel small in his embrace. Differently made. Then I remembered, oh yes, I have been attracted to a short man. Yes, I have. Silly me.
The vessel was just comfortable for two people; there was room only for necessities, and Flambeau had stocked it with such things as his special philosophy considered necessary. They reduced themselves, apparently, to four essentials: tins of salmon, if he should want to eat; loaded revolvers, if he should want to fight; a bottle of brandy, presumably in case he should faint; and a priest, presumably in case he should die.
But these cats are smart an' they’re all prepared
Well, I sure am glad this working week is over. Only been four days but they have been so busy. Should be better next week as staff are back from their Easter holidays. Sadly, I have not had a lot of time for crafting this week. I did get in my crafty room tonight and produced this little number below.
Tip: We highly recommend not to use openings below liquid levels when purchasing a double wall tank.
Then I hope that my left hand will feel your
Nice cards.. really love the flower one!
Well the time has come to bid farewell to loved ones and the cat. Safe to say, the three of us are very excited about our trip and we look forward to bringing you some of the highlights and lowlights of our adventure. Sat in the lounge at Toronto Pearson with a glass of wine, perhaps the last of such taste I will have over the next two weeks with the ‘beer guys’ likely getting their say over drinking establishments. Anyways, the travel adventure awaits…..
Suddenly none of the rules that have kept Aislinn safe are working anymore, and everything is on the line: her freedom; her best friend, Seth; her life; everything.
Denk said the data supporting a recovery of housing was more substantial than a one-off boost to the sector because of good winter weather that allowed active construction.
Once life becomes the only goal
08. You've Got It
I’ve always preferred film to theater, mainly because I’ve had only stunningly limited access to good theater, and I’m one of those people who complains when a film feels overly stage-y or when an actor performs too theatrically. I can honestly say that only once before, in watching Vanya on 42nd Street, did it occur to me there might be so much to be gained by an overlap between the two media. Thanks to The Arbor, I’m converted.
Having your cake and JB too!
We walked back to the station again, as Myrte had to get back to practice a presentation for 9am tomorrow. It was 2.6km away, as the sign told us. On the way we had to walk through the crowds of two DJ stages including a really cool one where someone was playing saxophone along with the track by the DJ. We made it back and it hadn’t taken that long, we checked over the stalls for a good t-shirt again, but no joy.
… terms for God, as well the whole understanding of God, must now be delineated with respect to Jesus.
honorable mention: the Devon Curl
Let me summarize a story for you that The Simple Way community in Philadelphia was a part of. Hopefully this will give you a picture of the impact Shane’s talk had for me.
What does Gino say about this savory bread?
My steps are close beside her, yet
So here’s my commitment. I’m going to lose 20 pounds and keep it off. I’m going to exercise regularly and tone up the wobbly bits that have gotten out of control (bye-bye muffin top!). And I’m going to continue to eat healthy, balanced meals after the weight is gone. I want to be fit and sassy when I’m 80 years old!
It's not just the individual and his family who enjoys the benefits of college education, the society in general profits a lot too when people become educated, knowledgeable and start earning well. Studies have shown that very rarely do educated, well earning people commit crimes. These people are more devoted to their families, raise their children the right way, pay the taxes on time and are even more likely to participate in religious and philanthropic activities. So, looking at the societal, individual and familial college education benefits, it can be said that it is a must-have in today's times.
I have two highlights from the convention. The first was Malice Go Round, speed dating with mystery writers. 200+ fans sit at tables, and mystery authors in teams of two have two minutes to pitch their books to the fans at each table (twenty in all). I discovered I was pretty good at it (years of pitching to agents/editors paid off!), and Rebecca M. Hale was an excellent pitching buddy. The second highlight was the Penguin/NAL dinner. I loved meeting the editors and other authors from the imprint even if I felt little like the kid who was promoted to the adult table at Thanksgiving. It was a wonderfully surreal moment.
Iván Meade – What is your favourite type of event to plan/design?
1. "Bodhisattva" – 5:19
My hanging baskets. I have 5 of them across the back porch.
Lemon bars are the Little Black Dress of the dessert world. They are season-less, elegant, and always in good taste. Nearly everyone likes lemon bars, making them a logical choice for a group, and they are fairly easy to transport, making them appropriate for nearly every occasion.
This is my last week of classes as an undergraduate student. Next week is finals week and graduation. It’s over. It really is over. I canNOT believe this. Like, I knew I would graduate this spring but it never dawned on me that it would happen NEXT WEEK!
Yelp User Support
If Sam owns a store and Sally is unemployed there is NO LAW stating that Sally can not do an “Act” of kindness and thru that act of kindness Sam can not gift to Sally something that she may need or want etc… You see Chelas there is NO TAXATION to Sam nor to Sally in this form of movement! As there are More and More “Acts” in this form of movement, you lesson the grips of the VERY things that you Initially set out to change, only in another way a different movement….that by the way Chelas CAN NOT be seen nor felt as a Challenge or a Combat move for those ones to take up “Arms or Shields” against! You also EMPOWER yourselves an combine that power with others as you move forward in your paths of helping others along the way. This is a DIVINE re-sewing of the torn tapestries of seperations and divisions that have rifted throughout times gone by. This will END poverty, END strifes, Controls, Judgements and the list goes on. Remember as Times change People and ALL things change, this is the Growth. I AM only re-iterating what your soul already knows and contains in its PURE FORM.
Richard
For the past two years Leroy has been seen and heard in Pennsylvania and New Jersey. In 1957 he played electric organ at the Surf City Hotel. At the end of the season the hotel bought the Wurlitzer Theatre Pipe Organ in the Fabin Theatre in Hoboken. Leroy and his technical assistant, Ted Campell, disassembled the organ, moved it piece-by-piece to Surf City, spent the winter putting it back into its compact visual form.
Start by adding your butter, mushrooms, potato, onion, and jalapeno to a pan. Cook over medium heat until your vegetables are nice and tender. Your potatoes will cook slower, so I cooked them until they were half done, and then you can let them cook the rest of the way in the completed gravy.
After the waitress gave up trying to tell us how the game would work, the green team apparently grew some balls and decided to try chanting GREEN. GREEN. GREEN. GREEN.
Every once in awhile, there is a time that marks us forever. I remember being in Colette's garden in France on a rainy day in May and never have forgotten it. The meeting with Paula and her husband John Tagliabue reminds me of that occasion. That it was our wedding anniversary had special meaning, too. The hosts for Paula's book signing were former colleagues and friends of long standing and the aura of friendship was everywhere among the profusion of blue hydrangeas.
Michael Orozco, Turner's lawyer, said in an affidavit supporting the subpoena, that Christie, as the U.S. Attorney, knew that Turner was working with the FBI, Christie gave legal advice to the FBI Joint Terrorism Task Force regarding Turner, and issued a "Blanket Letter of Declination," refusing to prosecute Turner.
And so he undertook this matter and got an agreement from the Sequani to allow the Helvetii to go through their land, and he worked it so that they would exchange hostages: the Sequani, so that they would not hold the Helvetii back from their march, the Helvetii, so that they would pass through without mischief and outrage. It was announced to Caesar that the Helvetii intended to march through the land of the Sequani and the Haedui into the land of the the Satoni, who lived not far from the territory of the Tolosates, qhich tribe was in Provincia. If this should happen, it would mean a great danger to our Province to have warlike persons, enemies of the Roman People, living next to open and, most importantly, grain-producing regions.
There’s five to go and three now done,
If you're an account person, it's because you didn't go over to the client and say "look, I know this is what you wanted, but this isn't really what you pay us for is it? Let us go back and do it better"
You cannot go anywhere that you do not take your spirit/soul/I AM Presence with you. You can’t leave it home by mistake. Where you are, there you are. Brilliant, right?
Elm Publishing refers several times to a bookshop. That bookshop is here, UK Bookland, part of UK Unpublished, but it is not linked or available for visitors to the site. Nowhere on the website is there a single book.
Save Anywhere Beat the game
4- Pagan
—Clever Beatrice, retold by Margaret Willey and illustrated by Heather Solomon—described as "a tall tale from Michigan's upper peninsula," this story has roots in European folklore, e.g., "The Valiant Tailor." Clever Beatrice repeatedly worries and tricks a rich giant to win gold for her mother.
It was a pretty bizarre experience for me. But I did enjoy the flattery. (Apparently my 5 minute conversation was "striking"). I don't think anything else will come from it because while eating ice cream I realized that we have nothing in common. But it would have been a cool "how we met story".
The evil queen tries to poison Snow White three times and the last time everyone who loves her believes her to be so dead they put her in a glass coffin.
Black Agenda Earn 5 stars
Cape Town
love sleeping on this daybed, tucked away in the corner of the porch in storms
So guess which one of us totally rocked it? Becky! And let me make it clear that she's not one of those aging, well-preserved typical Vegas women complete with the facelift. No, she's probably about five feet tall and could pass for your favorite aunt. She was sexy as hell--she really knew how to move!
What is wrong with these people? Is this supposed to be a compliment or a insult? This is Philistine, disrespectful, and uncultivated regardless of what your political affiliation is. Pluck Newsweek!
Floats come as a scoop of ice cream in a cup. You add your own soda. Which is annoying because you have to stand at the fountain forever, trying to not make a mess.
However there can only be one winner and the lucky person, chosen by Random.org is...
Step - 4, work top layout.
Seated atop a towering pinnacle and surrounded by mighty giants of rock, Roussanou allowed nature to perfect its tower and claimed the zenith throne. Greece is a rugged and beautiful land and the monastery built in 1545 by the brothers Ioannina (Joasaph and Maximos) is a lasting testament that takes advantage of its settings. Roussanou is built on the ruins of an earlier Catholic church and believed to be named for a shadowy hermit that first settled at the location. Who can blame him, the view is peerless.
The human body is a miraculous thing, kids.
Good Morning! I have just a real quick post as I am running behind. I was asked by a friend at work to make a sympathy card. The only stipulation she had was to use my black roses on it somewhere.
Mayall: (Laughs) Poor darling tosser!
Gaddafi Least of Our Problems, Try Blair & Bush For War Crimes! Russian Politician Threatens to Destroy Any Part of The World Within 15 Minutes Using New Generation of Secret WMD! TEPCO Now Admits Total Rapid Meltdown Within Hours of Tsunami in No.1 Reactor! US Debt Ceiling Drama! General Hamid Gul: U.S. Generals Provoking War with Pakistan! US Ready To Swap Occupation of Afghanistan For War On Pakistan? Author Nomi Prins: The Federal Reserve Holding America Hostage! Gilad Atzmon: Israel’s Doomed Fate! The Babylonian Talmud of The Synagogue of Satan!
I feel gross. I have nothing to do until 3 PM tomorrow. A laxative it is.
Pain rippled through her.
This discussion is begins at 4 p.m. in the Great Room at 19 University Place, right off of Washington Square Park. The conference begins at 10 a.m. All panel events are free and open to the public! There are many history-related speakers, and I think you'd all enjoy many parts of the program, so check out the schedule of events here. And read some in-depth descriptions of events at Bryan's blog.
In a bowl, take all the ingredients and mix well. Shape them into oblong size and shallow fry them in oil.
This week I will look at the ability to synergize the three leading art forms into the ultimate form of expression pushing the boundaries of intellect and understanding for ever assimilating the arts into one transcendent mind trip?
11:30AM – They finally call me back to a room and ask me a litany of questions.
Regardless of how well we perceive this social commentary, Shyamalan's film is undeniably beautiful; every frame, evocatively lit and composed with an artist's eye, could be mistaken for an impressionist painting. The play of light and colour is incredible, but it's the depth of the film that most impresses, with Shyamalan producing an atmospheric "monster movie" that not only works as a wider commentary on society, isolation, violence and bereavement, but remains perhaps the most successfully realised treatise on the director's favourite theme: the sacrifice.
2/3 cup pecans, coarsely chopped
The complex minds of Metheny and Mays come through again in “Au Lait” with their guitars and keys, backed by Dan Gottlieb‘s drums, lending a soft circus-like atmosphere, with the occasional strong breeze occasionally blowing Vasconcelos’ ethereal vocals through the big top.
Krishnagopal asked, Does Performance appraisal reveal any truth or this is just the relation one has with his boss?
My mother: Ooooo, this one's pretty.
I really responded to his artwork and was thrilled that he responded quickly and positively to my invitation. I was very pleased to be able to have another mixed media 'guy' for the book. The artwork that he provided for the book is everything that I hoped it would be and I look forward to the day when I can see it in person.
A strain on the public (and private) purse:
2 lbs. of thin steaks
Once I discovered that piperine made turmeric more powerful, I began looking for a ready-to-take supplement. And that’s when I stumbled upon my secret weapon – LifeExtension’s Super Curcumin with Bioperine. This supplement contains 95% curcumin, and it’s enhanced with 5mg of piperine.
But the evening was anything but! It was a celebration of all that is possible, even in the face of overwhelming odds. A reminder of the resilience of the human spirit. A faith that can move mountains. Of motherly (and fatherly) love. Of courage.
- See this thing?
This here recipe is one that took a lot of work. I actually made it for Christmas.
“Hi, we’re Dipstick & the Dumptrucks!” or whatever dumbass name you guys came up with while giving the drummer’s new bong a break-in worthy of respect. It had some deep counterculture meaning that you all bull-shitted your way into after giggling for 15 minutes, when it was first thrown out there. And even though you have no clue what that is now, you all stuck with it because people seemed to remember it. (Go figure…)
My life road is full of exactly all those things. Early on there were many valleys and potholes. My lack of self-confidence and feeling like the ugly duck played on the decisions as a nerdy kid. I was primarily raised by my Mom. Had a Dad but he seemed to never be around when I needed that fatherly influence. Mom did the best she could to arm me with the needed knowledge for the world outside the front door. Unfortunately I was forced to learn a lot on my own. It wasn’t Moms fault, she did the best she could. I just found my way by trial and error. I seemed to attract the party animal types. Never got invited out much in High School but College was another story. That seemed to be when my road had forks that started appearing and decisions I had to make. With having no support, I didn’t make great decisions. Found myself in more trouble at times more than I wanted and no way of getting out.
And if Wiseau could pull this off, is every unintentionally hilarious thing that I hold dear actually a clever ruse? Is there a secret conspiracy to fool the easily amused who feel superior to the gawd awful? My innocent love now feels corrupted. I recently posted about my adoration for music so-bad-it’s-good. Now I’m ashamed that this may be evidence of my naivete. I feel the sting of shock evocative of the time I found out that Stephen Colbert is not actually Republican.
3. Repeat steps one and two until twitter suggests you follow Cheryl Cole and Tulisa from N-Dubz.
February 11th was mama/daughter date day. Well....I guess you can call it that. We went to a local grocery outlet, then Walmart.....and finally stopped to try out the new frozen yogurt shop. It was fun. Sugar had never been to a yogurt shop before, so she was over the top excited. She asked if we could go there every week, so I think she liked it. :)
OK. So that's kind of what it's like. Putting little bits and pieces in your head and letting things perk. It's fabulous, and I hope it happens in your own head. Now my load of fabric is ready for the dryer, and I'm going to go stitch on my poncho-ette thing--got to make the test one to see what needs tweaking. I would already be in there working on it, but I kind of need some other colors of floss--these aren't colors I usually use, and the floss book shows me the perfect colors, which are, alas, colors I do not have. I could drive all the way across town, but I'm hoping that when The EGE finished running, he'll need to go to the store for something--I HATE driving all that way just for floss. Probably $1's worth of gas for $2 worth of string. Sigh.
"That sounds pretty cool, Clay. I think I'd like a hot rod airplane too!"
Congratulations and we hope to see you back at tomorrow's challenge!
I had such an anxiety attack when Harriet went to kindergarten. I really felt an identity crisis and wondered if I should really go back to work or find a new career or at least try to make a little extra money somehow while the kids were at school. I've definitely been a "working mom" before, whether working part or full time. I worked when they were both babies and through the toddler years, and felt a little crazy not doing it when I didn't even have any kids at home anymore. I've always loved working, why wouldn't I do it now that I have the time? It seemed that no matter how I thought about it, I always came back to the conclusion that I wasn't going to try to find a job of any size or kind.
In addition to the exhibit, the Museum of Vision will co-sponsor the symposium “Our Ophthalmic Heritage: The Evolution of Ophthalmic Imaging” with the Ophthalmic Photographers’ Society.
Google ebooks: 9780062060556 US paperback?
It's Courtney Time! They get on a little train and they're off to Wengen for a picnic or something. Courtney voiceovers that she feels bad about being mean to those other girls. She has a hard time because of her "trust issues." No mention of her Being a Total Fucking Bitch Issues. Anyway, blah blah blah lots of bullshit apologizing and do you think for a second she's going to turn down the Fantasy Suite? She's always about one Midori Sour away from fucking anyone in range who's on TV and he's on TV so you do the math. Cut to the outdoor hot tub and WHOA she's wearing the same bikini Nicki was and ABC could at least spring for two bikinis, especially with this crowd.
How would it feel to dream for yourself today?
But what about the sacrifices of a wife? Doesnt everyone believe that a woman should sacrifice everything for her man ?
Anyway, the frightened soldiers fell before this swarm of men/robots with their skull-faced helmets, clearing the way for what had to rate as one of the greatest entrances in cinematic history. The smoke cleared and a figure emerged. Clad in gleaming black armour, his cloak billowing behind him, like some kind of cross between a robot, a samurai and a space-ninja.
Mix the brown sugar and cinnamon together and sprinkle this mix on top of the butter, as evenly as possible.
And that I now have a wife and son
But he's saying some stuff in the papers lately that bugs me.
Rural 2C = 8.3%; inbreeding coefficient = 0.0013
And although I'm close to my mom, I don't mention anything about these thoughts because they make her feel bad, and she has enough of her own intense things to be dealing with right now--and even if she didn't, knowing your daughter feels this way and has these thoughts could be hard for any mother to deal with, to figure out how to manage in her own brain. But I also want her to know that I'm not happy where I am, with my weight, so she knows I'm not just complacent about it, because she and my father worry about it. Her mom harassed her about her weight, so she's been great about not doing the same to me, but sometimes I wonder if the conversation would open up the opportunity to talk a little more about my struggle, so she just plain knows.
Just so Mohammed treats the Gospel; he declares that it is indeed true, but has long since served its purpose; also that it is too hard to keep, especially on the points where Christ says that one is to leave all for His sake, love God with the whole heart, and the like.
In connection with the above I decided to learn more about this wonderful sport and I would like also to give you from time to time some information about drifting. Today I want to present you general informations about drifting. So... What is it that drifting?
Cover again and wait another 30-45 minutes.
All the darkness, but then there’s the brighter side of me
It shows the importance of being properly strapped in.
Right now, I'm trying to figure out what I'd like to hang over the sofa. I think we need something either rustic or modern or both. I'm considering making some sort of mirror contraption. Maybe a starburst mirror with salvaged wood around it? It hasn't hit me yet. I think the room needs a little something modern and rustic though, I don't want it to feel to formal or feminine. I was also considering trying to find a little rustic or modern table for beside the chair. hmmm...we shall see.
Are you familiar with bibliomancy? Bibliomancy is the use of books in divination. The concept is that literature contains “truths” and speak to matters of great importance. Anyone who knows me knows I love to divine all sorts of shit.
These would be the balls for the hip joints, I manually shape a polystyrene into small sphere then rolled out La Doll clay in my clay machine @ number 2 setting then covered the polystyrene spheres with clay.
There are currently 47 pairs of socks in my drawer and a whole lot more that are out in the laundry. I have every sock imaginable and if I liked one kind of sock I didn’t just by one pair but I bought every color of that style and pattern available.
Happy Monday to you! Sandra here to share my designer's choice project for today.
I've shared all of that with you to say this, last year I wasn't able to blog very often. I was too busy (or too tired) living life to write about it. So while I don't really have New Year's resolutions, my husband and I took some time last night and today to outline some goals that we would like to work towards.
But I do know one thing about you that is absolutely certain.
Myth #2 – Introverts are shy.
And so, maybe that is the name of this piece, or maybe it's just "Down On The Farm". I used a lot of vintage 1940's magazine images, plus some contemporary Oprah mag pages. It's interesting, at 1st Thursday the other night, a friend looked at it and said, "Oh look, there's the Mother and Father...and their, uh" I'm pretty sure it's more like 'High Drama On the Farm"...Honestly, I'm not really sure what any of this means. My collage work is much more in the surreal vein, and more just what feels right together. So, what it means is more up to the viewer. I had no deep intentions, really. I just like putting pieces on a board.
Before supper on Friday, my aunt and I had begun to suspect that others were now being housed in our far-from-the-madding-crowd barrack. There was a voice, then two. A sandal appeared out on the walkway. By the time we returned from prayers, guided by flashlights, the proof was unavoidable. There were now families— the kinds with little kids— sleeping on either side of us, separated only by a scrim of wall. Several of the children clearly had the croup. Or the plague. My aunt and I froze, realizing that we’d been blessed to have the relative solitude we’d enjoyed so far, knowing that these final 48 hours were going to be a very different experience.
So, I promised to talk about option clauses. As I mentioned before, Publishers want the broadest language possible and agents want the narrowest language possible.
6) American Express
That’s when they showed Captain Monkey
I will visit a small number of my favorite shops. David is renting us a car for the last 2 days and will chauffeur me around. I cannot wait to visit my new found friend Heather Ross at her stunning shop: Heather Ross In House. I discovered Heather last year and blogged about her here. She is lovely and talented and probably the most inspiring Canadian decorator/artist/stylist I know! Her paintings are so beautiful and her style is exquisite:
The weather was really nice so we wanted to grill. We decided to grill some fish and to make fish tacos. We found a really good recipe for grilled fish from "Rick Bayless" called Fish Zarandeado and we made that.
What else, oh the Dynamo tied the Sounders in the first leg of our two game aggregate in the MLS playoffs. We got tickets down front at the midline for the second leg here in Houston. I have to admit that I'm really really jealous of Seattle's atmosphere for soccer games. They're selling out every game in Qwest (of course they rope off the upper levels), the crowd is fired up with a little mini parade, and they don't have football yard markers and whatnot all over their soccer field. The Dynamo is the best franchise in the league and we're playing in a below average college stadium, and despite all the success and Mexican and Central American population in the city, we can't get a sellout save playoff games and whatnot. Anyway, I started to do this thing where whenever the Dynamo scored I would drink the St. Arnold's Christmas and whenever Seattle scored, I would drink Pyramid Juggernaut Red Ale. Neither scored, so I split the difference with some Shiner Holiday Cheer.
“I highly recommend them!”
From Tarek Fatah, a Canadian political activist, writer, and broadcaster and founder of the Muslim Canadian Congress writing in the National Post:
This is what I found hidden behind the wall:-
“By restricting access to grazing land, for example, land and related feed resources become relatively scarce, so technical change will move towards making more efficient use of these resources…The same applies to all other natural resources that feed into the livestock production process, such as water or nutrients. Likewise, new costs associated with… livestock production, such as emissions of ammonia or other forms of waste, will lead to increased efforts towards their avoidance.”
Dear ladies,
I followed him because I was pretty hot anyway, and we didn't have a predetermined meeting spot. Our phones weren't really working again this year, since there were so many people there. Jon went out and collapsed in the grass. I sat down next to him and touched his arm, which was literally drenched in sweat. It felt like he'd just gotten out of the shower. The heat and the crowd were too much for him, so after we calmed down a little, we went to the back of the crowd. We'd run out of water, so we went and got another 2 bottles and lay down on the ground a long way from the stage. Even WAY back from the stage it was still vibrating my bones.
Margo congratulations
Brooklyn Supreme Criminal Court Justice John Walsh sentenced former NYPD narcotics detective Sean Johnstone to five years' probation on Tuesday. Johnstone was convicted of conspiracy after he was recorded saying he'd under-reported amounts of illegal drugs he seized, and used the drugs to pay off informants.
TM 13 - Ice Beam
Maps. I'd thromised* more maps of George Younger's Candleriggs Brewery. And here they are.
There are many things I wish someone had told me about that first couple of weeks after Chelle’s diagnosis. Oh, we got the crash course in survival tips on how/what to eat, when/how to give insulin,etc. & goodness knows, that was plenty to think about. But no one really talked to us about transitioning Chelle back into school. No one told us there were protections available for her, that there was more to consider than simply who would be responsible for her care during school hours.
Hollies The air that I breathe UK
Lisa and Kelley are the best director, producer team you could ever hope to work with. As a director, Lisa is a fount of patience and careful, calm direction. Kelley is a phenomenal actor and producer. You won’t find better people to work with.
It was awesome and insanely busy.
The most important step was setting a date and telling people. If you want to make a big change in your life take a risk and do it or it will never happen. Decide on a goal and set a date.
But because you should not mulch a veggie garden we weed when we can. Just don't let the weeds choke out the good stuff!
A new creation served steaming hot, it is one boozy treat. Starting with a base of dark rum, a little Galliano Ristretto is added and then topped off with steamed 9% abv Choklat Imperial Stout and a float of whipped cream. Served with or without a dash of chili powder.
Dip him in the river who loves water.
Meanwhile, the athletic budget for the current year is $99 million, an increase of more than $2 million from last year. The increase alone would more than offset the savings supposedly gained by cutting computer science.
Games- Introduce game: How long did the disciples fish? (All night)
Before danlynch complains about the quality, While transferring this into digital format I noticed that the tapes were in poor condition and this recording is not the best. It's over-modulated in a few areas, there are a few pops and even some drop outs directly from the cassette and there are also a few warbly areas probably caused by moisture and dampness because these tapes were misplaced and in storage for many years. Run Like Hell is not listenable after 3/4 through the song.
Read comic novels
Yourgrau effectively uses the device of a modern day fairytale or legend within which he frames his story of a fishermen at sea. The frame within the frame arrives when the fishermen recalls his dream. And so he layers myth, legend, folklore, dreamtelling and reporting to give greater depth and perspective to the tale of the tsunami, one tsunami.
8. You will be jealous of yor husband. Not just because he didn’t have to push the baby out, but because he gets to sleep while you’re up breastfeeding at 4am. He doesn’t have to go through crazy hormonal changes…..and bottom line: he just doesn’t have it as rough as you do. There are times when I’m sitting at home with Abbie (usually on a fussy/ rough day) and I find myself green with envy that Justin gets to work out with friends in the morning, go to work all day, come home for dinner, and then sleep through the night. Don’t get me wrong…I LOVE my daughter and I love being a stay-at-home mom. It is definitely where I’m called to be. But there are days where I fantasize about just leaving town for a couple of days, shopping my tail off at my favorite stores, and staying in a beach condo. Not that I’ve given that idea much thought or anything…
Try this for a quick dessert.
I generally do find non-fiction, apart from very intellectual academic papers, easier to write. It requires less concentration and I can listen to music while I write. When I’m writing fiction, even the birds singing in the garden can become annoying. On the other hand, I have little trouble planning fiction: I have story theory down to a fine art. Non-fiction I find difficult to marshal. A collection of given facts can be arranged in so many different ways. But once I know what I’m doing, the writing just flows.
Mushrooms : 50 grams - Chopped
So while this is all great news, it’s something of a shame a better title couldn’t have been used to kick this whole thing off. “Meglos” is from Tom Baker’s last season as the Doctor, and its release completes Season 18 as well. Season 18 –John Nathan-Turner’s first as producer and Christopher H. Bidmead’s first and only as script editor – was designed to have a harder sci-fi edge to it, as well as pulling back on much of the comedy that had been prevalent in previous seasons. Having written before about the beauty of Season 18, I won’t go down that road again, except to say that “Meglos” isn’t up to the same level of quality as the other six stories from that block. In fact, in many ways the script feels like a leftover from Season 17, which isn’t necessarily a bad thing, except that the entire feel and approach of Season 18 was fresh and new. As a result, “Meglos” is a story pulling in opposite directions.
“I just wanted to let him know that he was strong on the inside, too.”
We didn’t start this, but by sheer weight of numbers we can finish it. As of yesterday, European politics was bought down to the level of the Reds vs. the Brownshirts. There are no Brownshirts as yet, but there are potentially millions of us. Standing in our way are a few thousand socialists, who, not known for their bravery, will become even fewer when they realise what they have unleashed against themselves.
What the fuck is with all this sexual-favour-giving, spy-versus-spy deception bullshit? THEY ARE LIKE 17. THIS IS STUPID. It works in WWII stories when you have the 20-something female double agent sleeping with the 40-something General, getting valuable mission sensitive information out of them (or for an actual example Eva and Snake in MGS3) because they are ADULTS and it is fucking ESPIONAGE between entire fucking COUNTRIES.
I’m glad I went to school before this type of nonsense became commonplace, because I was once an immature punk (most people would say I’m now an immature grownup, but that’s a separate issue). Not that I’m admitting anything, because I have no idea what the statute of limitations is on these matters, but I may have once set off a string of 400 firecrackers in a school stairwell. And I may have once let a snake loose in the school library.
· 11 oz. Steaks that are Hungry Man size but can be cut into smaller portions!
Regular Beers (styles in parenthesis): White (Belgian wit), Black (Belgian dark), Tripel de Ripple
When one sees the word “disciples” in the Bible it does not refer only to the twelve apostles for there were many more followers of Christ than those twelve chosen ones. I am sure, though, that the twelve were included in the number gathered together in Acts 1:15.
An Irishman is never drunk as long as he can hold onto one blade of grass to keep from falling off the earth. ~Irish Saying
In other news I've been seeing Petunia around several times a week and I've got two Canada geese that have been hanging out. Not nearly as friendly as Loretta but they are less afraid every day and have been coming up for snacks and visiting just 10 feet from the front porch a few hours a day. I love geese. Their mannerisms are adorable and they are such beautiful birds.
1 or 2 chipotle chiles en adobo, diced (depending on how hot you want it)
In my novel, ‘Midnight Blue’, Hampton Haze became Highholly House - the magical place beyond the sky to which my heroine, Bonnie, escaped the drabness of her city life and the domination of the cruel Grandbag. But it wasn’t only the features I’ve just described that inspired me write it into the book. There was something else - a quality to Hampton Haze that went beyond words. Once you’d found it, Hampton Haze was a place you’d never forget:
"Marching bands of Manchattan" @ 't Smiskes venue @ Asse, Belgium (2007)
Tom Stoppard(1937) wrote serious entertainments. Rozencratz and Gilderstern are Dead(1966), showed his affinities with Samuel Beckett and the Absurdists. The play develops these two minor figures from Hamlet - “little men, unheroic, little men astray”. They are backstage, in the wings and are never sure what Hamlet is about. Occasionally, they are bundled onto the stage and take part in a little scene only to be bundled back behind the curtain, uncomprehending, puzzled about what is happening. It is a striking image of dislocated man: off-stage, minor characters in a play they can not understand.
The police must then inform the owner of the assembly venue within 24 hours and the latter must record its objections or concerns to the police within 48 hours of receipt.
Hadi Zakaria …. thank you for being you and giving us the opportunity to bask in your love. Thank you Ya Rabb for allowing us to be in his company even though for a short while …. Thank You!
and, wow, this is my life.
parents to monitor the
I’ve given it a new title – the Idle Expatter. I am an idle expat, and this blog certainly has its fair share of patter to go along with it.
A volte-face in ten generations.
night before.
Meanwhile, I was trying to videotape Savannah pitching so I didn't immediately intervene. As the inning ended and I started walking toward Brooklyn, the umpire (a teenage girl with an attitude) said, to no one in particular, "Someone better give that brat what she wants!" Little did she know I was the mother of said "brat". I looked at her and said, "Actually, no, I'm not going to give in to her demands." The ump muttered, "I'm sorry."
Spain posses a vast number of natural resources and some of them include, coal, iron ore, copper, lead, zinc, uranium, tungsten and mercury. Some of Spain’s current environmental issues include pollution of the Mediterranean Sea, water quality, air pollution, deforestation, and desertification.
Tickets @ www.sickydicky.com
Read-alouds:
The game ended 0-1 with the Cup going to the Little Damn Stunties. Congrats to them!
I was in a 2nd car accident, minor, that increased the pain and so went my blood pressure!
She might of been born Florencia Bisenta de Casillas Martinez Cardona, but we all know her simply as Miss Vikki Carr. And man what a set of vocal chords.
Next thing I know, it's like a WalMart riot in the middle of my office floor. I've had to get out a whistle. After about a week I managed to get some control over the situation but now they're switching up the time and place.
Well just to let everyone know I am going to be taking a well deserved extended break until late summer, but mean time in my Etsy shop you will find that my Christmas goodies and a few others have final big January sale reductions!
I decided to make some 3 x 3 note cards for this week's challenge over at Lollipop Crafts: Anything Goes! I inked up the butterflies with SU! ink in Real Red. I inked up the sentiment with Memento ink in Tuxedo Black. I didn't want to add ribbon to the notecards, but I still wanted to sort of jazz things up a bit.
Warhammer Fantasy Roleplay, 2nd edition, with some some 1st edition stuff thrown back in and the flavor aimed more at 1st ed and Talisman: subtle Chaos, more Enemy Within than Storm of Chaos.
Heat a flat non-stick pan over medium high heat. Once it is preheated, spray it with a bit of cooking spray. I used a flat-bottomed 3/4 measuring cup to scoop out the batter and slowly pour it onto the pan. Then I kind of flattened the pancake out using the bottom of the measuring cup.
When I’m singing.
Palin did send to me
Refer to Strunk & White – The Elements of Style. It’s great to use and refer. Best description of when to use who and whom. The New York Times Style Guide is another great resource, but thicker and more expensive.
Friday: make your own pizza
One of the best things about having a Roast dinner is what you can do with the left-overs after. For Easter Monday we slowly barbecued a boneless and butterflied leg of lamb. It was probably the best Roast Lamb we've ever done and despite eating way more than we should have, we still had plenty left for several other meals. Up first was this delicious Roast Lamb Baguette. Since the lamb was barbecued on the charcoal BBQ it had a lovely mellow smokiness so I decided the best option was to keep the Baguette nice and refreshing and go for some Greek flavours with plenty of crisp greens, fresh mint and a Tzatziki inspired mayo. If you are in a real hurry you could always substitute bought Tzatziki for the Tzatziki mayonnaise –
It's also helpful to have air-cleaning house plants. I have spider plants and pathos which are super easy to grow and among the most effective at cleaning indoor air. Also grow sprouts and micro greens and eat them: clean the air and nourish your temple!
today on my ipod: somebody else (jeff bridges), wicked game (chris isaak), you found me (the fray), rolling in the deep (adele), drift away (dobie gray), long long time (linda ronstadt), this guy's in love with you (herb alpert), shameless (garth brooks), right in time (lucinda williams)
It all started, I think, with Barb Lewis' "Painting with Fire" tutorial. The instant gratification (I wish ALL online purchases could be emailed), the new (largely theoretical) vistas opening up...After that it was Shannon LeVart's "Color Drenched Metal" and "Hand Formed Links." And that softened me up pretty good for the next email I got from Eni Oken Jewelry Lessons--by now I had an unquenchable thirst for tutorials, even if I wasn't even going to do them (indeed, I have no immediate plans to do enamel, I just wanted the tut)--and I stumbled headlong into the Jewelry Lessons site like a broke drunk who just found a fiver on the sidewalk stumbles into a liquor store and started snapping up whatever I could find that seemed remotely do-able.
74. Cf. the Dirge in Webster’s White Devil .
Clothing in general: 3
Shah said the men had met a police agent at a beachfront hotel and negotiated a price for the sale of the horn. The agent, he said, had asked to see the horn. The men took the agent to their vehicle opposite the old Natal Command site. The horn was on the back seat of the vehicle.
Re-evaluate Lifestyle
The day came when his sister barged into his apartment and changed his life…we will find out soon enough! BAFTA Award Winner Carey Mulligan (Drive) is the eccentric and happy-go-lucky Sissy Sullivan. Carrey was awesome spontaneous and full of energy! She brings her performance to another level and hits the right spot for her to shine and be a light for her brother and not die trying!
If you and your husband do not know a lot about cars or your husband is gone A LOT and it makes you sick to your stomach when you have to take your car in for repairs. I definitely recommend this app!
Behind the wall of your fears,
Baby boy took his first ever swim ~ he was a natural.
“Is Gary alright, what’s going on Jacobs.”
Because hanging over all of us is that sword of Damocles; that gunbarrel against your brow; that knife hovering inches from your chest.
Comparing educational attainment and employment data from the 2000 Census to the 2009 American Community Survey confirms this. The number of people with some college jumped from 15,177 to 22,859, and those with an associate degree rose from 3,668 to 5,377. The number of those with a B.A. increased from 16,597 to 18,901 and those with graduate degrees climbed too, from 13,759 to 17,402. Finally, employment growth in the professional occupations outpaced all other sectors growing by 48% from 5,960 to 8,838. This is clearly an area that is increasingly focused on higher education coupled with employers eager to hire newly minted graduates.
Or the lost piece of beach.
He knew the dimensions and powers of the world were very big and that eternal forces would ultimately conquer everything we humans value; but he hadn’t the faintest conception of how very much bigger the universe actually would be proven to be. We now know how even tinier humanity’s impact on those ultimate things can ever be. Let’s observe — our life’s maximum is a hundred years, but the Universe is already 13.8 billion years old. That is 13,800,000,000 to 100 or 13 million times longer than our maximum life expectancy. And, our space traveled in that 100 years under our own walking power, at ten miles per day, would be only 365,000 miles. That is less than 2 seconds of travel of that 13.8 billion light years distance of space and in one dimension only. We are very, very tiny in comparison to the universe and yet our relationship to the vastly greater realm than William’s is identical to his. Thus his thoughts are as accurate and applicable today as they were when he wrote them.
Nobuhiro Hayatsu, 36, Scarsdale, N.Y.
An areas prohibited to produce edible agricultural products may produce non-edible agricultural products.
When I first returned home from Peru in early October, I was so filled with the love, excitement, and richness of my experiences with Ayahuasca that I felt compelled to write this account and to present some of it to my family and friends. I wanted, even needed, to communicate what I’d been through. Then, something happened at my job.
Having then raced the boys to Cubs, husband and I went knocking on doors in the nearby village of Carronbridge. Why? I was searching for an artist, and a friend had given me a hot tip, though not entirely reliable directions.
2 chili peppers
At one point, the patient's heart converted to an arhythmic condition which impacted his blood pressure. We gave an arythmia medication to try to break him out, but it didn't work. We moved on to synchronized cardioversion where we attempt to shock the heart back into a regular rhythm, but that too failed. Still, we kept the blood pressure up, the pulses intact, and the oxygenation status good. In the morning, the attending physician - a notoriously critical doc - actually told me and my partner nurse, "Good job." Could have knocked us over with a feather.
Called to Service—God has chosen to carry out His work in the world through those who are saved. He has determined the tasks He wants each of us to do; our job is to serve Him by accomplishing what He’s planned for us.
This is what I will classify as a “Bananarama” wine…… one that leaves a 46yr old man endlessly humming Bananarama tunes for no apparent reason as he polishes off his fishbowl glass of Merlot.
Birmingham, Alabama in 1955, when Rosa Parks refused to give up her seat and ignited the civil rights movement. Or Mississippi during Freedom Summer. As a Southerner who grew up after the Civil Rights era, I am obsessed with understanding it. Oh! And wouldn't the juke joints be awesome?
Switch phone plans!
Fortunately that was the easy part. Because the question was never where to get it. It was what time do they open.
like an anti-fossil.
All Magic Prose and Photos
I’ll feel your pain
Suppose all unity were unity only as an organization? But the "thing" in which we believe was only invented as a foundation for the various attributes. If the thing "effects," that means: we conceive all the other properties which are present and momentarily latent, as the cause of the emergence of one single property; i.e., we take the sum of its properties--"x"--as cause of the property "x": which is utterly stupid and mad!
Velocity Micro systems now powered by 3rd Generation Intel Core Processors include the Raptor™ Z90, Vector™ Z20, and the Edge™ Z40, an Editors’ Choice selection from both CNET and PC Magazine. For more information on these systems, to custom configure a Velocity Micro desktop, or learn more about Velocity Micro’s complete line of consumer electronic solutions, visit www.velocitymicro.com.
He thought that would be the end of it, but it wasn’t. On Nov. 30, AYUSA sent Jawdat the letter informing him he had to leave the country.
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2
Piley
Than ever it has been before,
I say.
Note: If you find your roasting rack too large for a single chicken, place a crumpled ball of foil under a baking rack to raise the bird from the drippings.
You're hundred above minimums...
I change our bedding every week, wash the sheets in cold water using home made laundry liquid. Everything is hung in the sun to dry and brought in that evening. Nothing fancy, just very simple. That first night the sheets are pulled tight and tucked in and, depending on the season, covered with a doona/duvet and a quilt, or what we have now that we're moving to Autumn, cool cotton sheets, a blanket and a quilt. Soon we move further towards our winter bed - an electric blanket on Hanno's side, fluffy flannel sheets and a few thick and cosy layers to cover us.
So I was thinking during my 20 minute hike from my car to campus (7 flights of stairs and 6 blocks) about body shape and how it affects weight loss. Really I was thinking about my body shape and how I guess I am an apple. I don't have the flat stomach and booty that pears seem to possess. Although I would happily accept that any day!
After your arrival in Christchurch, take a walk to Cathedral Square to see the church or simply shop around. Spend quiet times at the Botanic Garden to unwind from the long flight. Next day, head to Queenstown. The drive there is spectacular as you pass by breathtaking scenery. Stop at Lake Tekapo for pictures of the beautiful landscape and the Church of the Good Shepard. Nearby is Mt Cook Village. Get a closer look at the mountains and learn the history of the place. Upon arrival in Queenstown, head to the boardwalk for a closer view of Lake Wakatipu. Take the cable car and enjoy the aeriel view of Queentown. Why not have lunch or dinner there. There are a number of hiking trails starting from the gondola. Most tours run along this itinerary with at least 2 nights in Queenstown with one day at Milford Sound. If you have a free day here, choose a combination of activities to save time and cost. Try rafting, a boat cruise on the TSS Earnslaw, skydiving – the choice is limitless. Next visit is either to Fox Glacier or Franz Josef Glacier. I prefer Fox Glacier as there is Lake Matteson. You will come back full circle to Christchurch.
I live in South Dakota and luckily I live in the part of the state that didnt fare out too bad but there are parts of the state that have gotten major snow amounts. My prayers especially go out to the families that got affected by tornadoes last night.
Biologists fear these invaders will out-compete Pacific salmon and trout for food and territory, hastening the demise of the native fish. An Atlantic salmon takeover could knock nature’s balance out of whack and turn a healthy, diverse marine habitat into one dominated by a single invasive species.
Several days later doctor's office called and said that his allergies were so bad that he needs to go to the pediatric allergist in CYNTHIANA. Hello? Could it be any more inconvenient????
Friend Lisa again. I'm sorry you get me again tonight; I too look forward to reading Julie's beautifully written blogs. But you'll take what you can get, right? I am happy to report that William came home today. The original plan was to stay at the hospital until Friday with chest tubes in place. It was discovered yesterday that William had the smaller tubes in place that could remain in place and be clamped to allow him to come home, this was GREAT news. Then Dr Abramson, the Murdock's favorite surgeon got involved and came up with something better. William is now home with some sort of collection bags in place. The Murdocks are so grateful for the medical staff and they love Dr. Abramson. I met her after Will's last surgery and she is full of character, the highest compliment from me!
We had both "The Change-Up" and "Inside Job" waiting for us in our basement.
Naturopaths consider health to be not just the absence of disease, but complete physical, mental and social well being. Naturopathic physicians often say that diseases must be healed not just by suppressing symptoms, but by rooting out the true cause. Symptoms are actually viewed as the body’s natural efforts to heal itself and restore balance.
2 tbsp butter or margarine/oil**
Saffron Rice
Thankfully I have great friends that agree with the logical side of me and help me articulate my real goal of finishing strong (and not half assing the training like I normally do) and enjoying the race. There is no need to kill myself for a far fetched time goal this time around.I swear the Garmin is making me insane and obsessed with numbers. I am sure I am not the only one that has fallen prey to Garmin.
Z: Zoo favorite animal: Giraffes
A1 - Masse Mensch
Before I go on I'll add a little more detail to the relationship. At the time I was 25, Kathy was 23. Side by side we were a very good physical match. I am 5'11" at the time around 175 lbs. Also had black hair, that was sort of on the long side. Kathy was probably 5'6", blond hair, medium length. She kept herself in great shape, large breast, with a very narrow waist and little butt. Also, she loved to be spanked. A hand on her butt, totally fired her up. We had played on several occasions, but this was the first time she had gotten herself into a disciplinary situation.
Time to go shower off and get ready to go out for dinner with my hubby!
Last I checked, the 'just fruit' type jars at the store were around $4....
4. Remove the cooker from heat and allow to cool naturally.
One of the downfalls of living in London is that the kids steal the batteries out of the door bell, more for the hell of it than need.
Jan made the planters of oak wood that was left of the boarded oak used to build our garden outbuilding 3 years ago.
Aside from the obvious jokes, and yes I do have a can of air freshener, I actually get a lot of work done, I’m getting positive job reviews, and I actually like my work. See what I end up doing is listening. Turns out just about everyone comes to the bathroom eventually, and they end up talking some times. It helps me to identify problems with our work-flows that no one else notices and I come up with these ideas about how to make things more efficient. At first, it was tough to get anyone to actually listen to my ideas, but when I came up with the idea that these two separate governance committees should actually just be one committee (half the members were in both groups anyway) and we ended up with fewer meetings to attend, a few key people started to pay more attention when I make suggestions.
A streak here, the nakedness of random showers,
A few other observations of my time home so far -
With one of my best friends Charlotte, had such a brilliant day so much fun
last Sunday at your friend's birthday beach party
Where incessant election speculation, and ceaseless, cynical manipulation of interest in that question, have entirely consumed, displaced and replaced — where they have devoured and cannibalised — all other public political concerns, and when the only remaining political question that people are really asked and urged to contemplate is the timing of the next election, there can be no compromising on the integrity of the election system and its processes.
Also, I was very recently laid off from my job of nine years so I now have time for ORGANIZATION. I have already reorganized my jewelry armoire, some drawers and cabinets in the bathroom and am working on cleaning up the studio and getting rid of things I don't use. I measure my success by how much gets sent to Goodwill or goes in the trash. We have a whole cabinet of spices and sauces that is overflowing and needs attention. My recipes are a mess, I have so many that I've collected and can't ever find the one I want when it's time to cook. So next week I am tackling those. I have binders and sheet protectors to put them in. And since I am at home now, I will be cooking dinner more often so I need to find those recipes.
Please help share Avery’s story.
Identity Authentication & Authorization (IA&A) Working Group
Panel III: IP Protection in Mainland China;
Astounded, I didn’t know what to say. What was running through my mind at that very moment were a mix of heartbreak, and an overwhelming feeling of helplessness. I gave her the money I had in my purse and said I can’t take your baby but please take this money. I’m actually not sure if that was the right answer, because thinking back, my thoughts are just hoping that if she did end up selling the precious little 1 yr. old boy that adorned his mothers hold, that someone terrible didn’t buy him and use him for the most terrible things you can think of. I didn’t know after stepping into the tuk-tuk a few minutes later how I felt, and still now as I sit in a warm home with all the amenities I could have need of, typing on a Macbook with unlimited use of wireless internet, food in my fridge, car in my driveway, water in the sink, do I know how I feel about the 5 minutes that have changed my thinking.
Today's step forward was working on end of the year gifts for my kiddos. I have a fabulous family who has been checking in on me and want to help any way they can. Um, would you like to put end of the gifts together, please?
Steena, a fervent lover of anything chocolate, strives to raise her three daughters to hold the same values. But, she doesn't share. Ever. When it comes to chocolate. Steena spends her days, when she's not trying to hide her secret stash of chocolate from her daughters, searching for chocolate recipes that she can use in her novels and in real life. Her husband and dog often wish she would spend more time with them, but Steena often finds herself torn between her two main passions - writing and chocolate. Keep your eye out for a brand new chocolate cookbook featuring Steena's favorite characters and books. Out in stores in the near distant future ...
I dart back and forwards when writing the roll call, adding bits here and there and I really giggled when I read Mrs A's latest comment just now - 'I've had a terrible week. Would have been here sooner but I tell you those Pogo sticks are lethal. For starters where the heck is the steering wheel and more importantly the brakes? What about the indicators. Yes exactly!
I've concluded that I must be an 'out of touch' Tory MP. Not been in the least bit concerned by all the negative media coverage of the Coalition Gov't over the last two weeks - because I think its mostly b******ks. OK, so I'm a serial contrarian, but I've thought it rather a good two weeks for the Gov't. Was almost ashamed to say so, until Simon Jenkins wrote about the excellent two weeks for the Gov't in the Guardian (of all places). I accept that Simon is feeling rather chippa about the Gov't because of a welcome rethink about planning policy, but still... Lets have a quick run through all these supposed 'Gov't gaffes/failures'.
With ScheduleOnce, plans are practically made for you. This online organizer allows you to make any event and “pencil in” your available times. Then, you email it off to friends, employees or team members so they can put in their available hours. Once everyone has replied, look at the overlapping free times and set up a meeting that works for everyone. Google can even send out invitations to those who replied, if desired.
By Gregory K. Taggart · Wednesday, March 21, 2012
1 trembling
Verdict: 10/10 – Very close to perfection
Now, I’m going to give you a touch of those “here are my statistics” statements. (Let’s see, views yesterday – 15,927. Views today so far 6,000+.) Lest you think I am some kind of non-feeling android who doesn’t care about that stuff. I realize there’s a touch of arrogance and I’m in danger of becoming a ridiculous braggart with all of these stats references and the genuflecting and the geisha-girl-like bowing. But, then again, I have known all along that my blog would achieve some level of arrogance because they all do and I have written about it here. It will happen to you too. In the blogging world, these things are inevitable like death and taxes. (To entice you to read more than 1 post…yes, I had the required tattoo burned into my flesh this morning. Now, if I can only stop it from bleeding.) Oh, I do, unfortunately, I really, really do care about all of this nonsense. JUST LIKE YOU DO. But, mostly I’d like to tell you a little bit about who I am. Some of you – I am hoping – are new here. I say ‘some’ because I do know that the great majority of people who read my fp’d post will never read anything here ever again. They are the drive-byers and I get it, they have their own mountains to conquer. However, being a comedian for so long has taught me to NEVER take your audience for granted. So, hopefully this post will act as a nice introduction to me and all things regarding this blog. Honestly, I am grateful to have eyes here at all. So, thank you and let’s get down to it.
Light Creme
Garforth & Swillington
I have been having a great couple of days, which is really nice -- I am thinking it must be because I only have five more days of school (spread out over two weeks) until summer vacation! I made the Sweet 'N Sassy Spotlight Stamper this week with my owl card (scroll down one post!)! Plus, the new Really Reasonable Ribbon Design Team was announced yesterday, and I will be continuing on the team, along with some amazing talent! I have more stamping news to share, but will save it for another day :)
Hope you all have a really creative year ahead of you. I will enjoy popping in to see what you're all up to so do 'show and tell' all the wonderful things you're making. Having shut up 'Sewing by Annie' for the festive celebrations I had a steady flow of customers yesterday but also had little twinny visitors with their Mummy for the day so my 'to do' rail is now full. I promise I will call in on as many as I can in between my sewing jobs.
When Sunday meets a frog that can talk, she's delighted that she finally has someone that she can tell her stories to. Being the youngest of 7 daughters, it's easy to go unnoticed and begin to feel unappreciated. Though the frog doesn't remember the man he used to be, he does indeed remember being a man. In fact, one night when Sunday kisses the frog, he changes back into prince Rumbold and returns to his old life with the girl from the forest on his mind.
** Note - if you want a full screen image, blogger advises something no smaller than 1800 by 1600 pixels. If you do use something smaller it will be tiled or repeated on the background. On the plus side, you can adjust how this will happen, by changing alignment, tiling direction and whether the image scrolls.
if someone asks you where are you from, they’d then ask where are your parents from, your grandparents?
While in theory the Congress nominee was to be chosen by the party’s biennial conventions, both Jinnah and Das were chosen by consensus among the party powerbrokers (indeed this would also be the case for most elections since). GM-CR assumed that they had enough control over the party machinery to easily beat Nehru when the party convened in the Gujerati village of Haripura in the autumn of that year. And the media bemoaned the political suicide of young Nehru.
Title: Harold - The Kid Who Ruined My Life and Saved the Day
Well, the time has come that I can no longer procrastinate or make excuses, it’s time to start taking this marathon thing serious. I allowed myself to “do whatever” until 12 weeks before the race, but once that time came I had to stick to my plan.
Preferably Fuller-esque theology (i.e. likeminded)
The church exists to proclaim to the nations the glory of God revealed in the Gospel in word and deed.
When Hannah told the other girls she liked Sam, they reacted with admiration. So she had made the right choice. Maybe she was not a dummkopf. Her friend Mary stuck up for her choice. Mary was blonde and sweet on Laverne, who was truly a wonder in the world of Amish eighth graders. He was easily the best-looking boy in the district. In fact Hannah would have picked Laverne had he not already been taken by Mary. For some reason, it didn’t bother her that Annie, who was in the sixth grade, had her attention on Sam; blushing every time he walked by, but saying nothing.
It didn't sink in at first but then it was all smiles---OK, and kisses---she raced back to her car and grabbed her riding helmet.
If you wish to avoid the nightmare future which will inevitably follow from continued, uncontrolled mass immigration, there is only one option, and only one way to vote on June 4th, and that is for the BNP. If you do not, you will be choosing a future which your children, and your country will not thank you for, worse, they may well curse you for it.
He chose to die for reminding to mankind the force of the Act - the power of one.
Construction Firms often use photos to showcase their work. It’s a visual testimonial to the expertise and capabilities of the contractor and their team. It’s also a great way to capture before and after transformations, but there are many uses for photographs in the Architectural, Engineering and Construction industries. Since a picture’s worth a 1000 words, when it comes to construction technology, best practices reach far beyond marketing.
from the pan with a spatula and be golden brown on bottom. Flip and cook top until
For direction or more details drop me a line in the comments or via email.
The media smooth things over, adapt events to the official racial-equality ideology and show a disproportionate number of pictures of Whites. The excuse that it is caused by poverty is a hundred years old and a bit quaint now. The idea that it is racism that keeps people down is silly because as this essay shows ethnics get preferential treatment. Furthermore, rioters and looters didn’t look angry or oppressed but were enjoying themselves and looking happy.
Just over 7000 words counting today's total of 2212 and I feel I'm really getting into the plot now.
Does anyone else have a box like this? It started out innocently enough. I had a few seed packets. They got organized a bit into groups. It looked neat for a while.
DICHLOR (GRANULAR CHLORINE): A powder form of chlorine, which is sometimes used a chlorine-based shock. Granular chlorine is a popular chlorine-based shock to help kill algae and for winterizing a pool.
Ahem. Back to the story: I was in second grade, and somehow my teacher convinced me to represent the class. I still remember the white dress my mom made me wear, with matching white tights and shoes (what was with the all-white ensemble?? *scratches head*). My dad coached and helped me practice at home. The song was...The Alphabet Song. It goes something like this:
i've got more, but i'm pacing myself today...
A seer, a seer, a saving
-The fact that my cousin bought a white kitten for his wife, then named it Tonks.
As you astute readers may have already guessed, I learned this morning that tomorrow’s long-awaited scans need to be rescheduled. And I’m not using that word “long-awaited’ lightly. We’ve been waiting for these since July 30, 2007.
These workshops can feel very long, or very short. You're sacrificing your day, risking it on a completely unpredictable factor. If the two of you don't click, the lessons are going to be more about you bashing heads than about learning something new. If you're lucky enough to have a regular partner for classes, then this experience won't have bothered you often. I'm lucky enough. But occasionally, through illness or unavailability, you're thrown in with someone else for a change.
May 26 Omaha, Nebraska - TBA
I am planning a wedding. rephrase. I am attempting to plan a wedding. I have some major stuff done like the dress, Davids Bridal:Vera Wang:white collection(mark don't look). It was a LOT harder to find THE dress than I had originally thought. But since I am giving up complaining for lent (yes I know lent is a catholic thing but hey live a little!) we shall just leave my opinions on finding a wedding dress at that.
There’s a tricky moment here when I want to involve them in creating the table rather than just presenting to them, but it’s just riddled with danger. Filling in this table can so easily turn into a game of “Guess What’s In The Teacher’s Head” and that’s just no fun for anyone involved. Since this is the second unit, I do have a little bit of a feel for how the class is going to respond to my questions. There’s definitely a sliding scale here as to how much input I ask of them and how much I just tell them. I want to keep these 4 or 5 mini-discussions to a total of about 20 minutes, realizing that no matter how great the discussions end up seeming to me (or even to individual kids), there is very little gain for any student in the class here. I want to push through to the part where every kid (or at least almost every kid) is doing their all or most of her own thinking.
Schoeller's images are close-up, but they aren't intimate; they don't expose the subject's character or personality but rather give an unbiased view of the celebrity as a canvas on which the face happens to be. This view is shocking at first, but it gives viewers an unique look at what these famous personalities would be like if they were standing two inches in front of you.
1910: Following the death of King Edward VII, George V acceded to the throne. He celebrated his Silver Jubilee with Queen Mary in 1935.
Do you agree? I think I do. I think for me, it's not so much the "branding" or "platform"as the willingness to engage with people. A couple of my "friends" on Goodreads are authors, and they only use the site to promote their own work, rather than share what they read. They're clearly trying to brand, but as a reader, that's a lot less interesting to me than authors who DO share book recommendations. One of them has written a series that looks awesome, but I haven't made time to read it, and I think that's at least in part because s/he does nothing online (that I've seen) but promote the blog and the books. It's kind of a turnoff. Authors who are willing to open up a little—even if it's insecure or negative—are a lot more likely to stay on my radar. It's not so much about the willingness to engage with people one-on-one (although I very much appreciate the authors who do that); it's more about the willingness to show a little personality. Authors on Twitter, for example, who link to articles they've read, who take a stand on some issues, who have opinions and are not afraid to share them—those are the authors to whom I naturally gravitate. Even authors who tweet what they have for breakfast—as long as the breakfast is awesome—are far more likely to attract me than authors who do nothing but aggressively promote their books. I'm still loyal to some authors, such as Stephen King, who don't use social media at all. But he did plenty of engaging in ON WRITING. Engaging can work wonders—whether it's online or off. I did two films (shorts) with a guy I "met" on Twitter, and we still keep in contact, even though we've yet to meet in real life.
The council further recommended to President Jonathan that Justice Salami should be retired from the Bench. President Jonathan approved Salami’s suspension on Sunday, August 20, 2011, on the grounds that he would not subscribe to a situation that would create a vacuum in the leadership of the judiciary arm of government.
From above, the apple looks a lot more exciting. Now we can tell that it is an apple, not just a lumpy circle. The shadow shape looks more like an apple as seen from the side (see how it tapers). If the sun were even lower in the sky the shadows would get longer and the apple shape would get s t r e t c h e d.
Frugaldom
As I say, the full extent of our acquaintance was online, and mainly in the comments section of his blog. That's why I'm startled at how real his death is, how much it feels like a loss beyond the purely selfish disappointment of not getting to read his insights on film or some amazing visual he'd found of space exploration or some planetary phenomenon. I always wanted to keep reading new stuff from him…but mainly I wanted to feel that someone so intelligent and articulate and just plain cool was part of my world. There are so many other things I'd have liked to say here, but I'll leave it at this:
A month later, the farmer met up with Chuck and asked, "What happened with that dead horse?"
I've gotten some neat craft ideas, great sewing tips, a few "inspiration" picture, and some decent recipes from there. In fact, most of my pins are recipes. I like food.
Keith John Hewitt (English Democrats) 731 (20%)
The American Heritage Foundation regards Britain as a terrorist danger. How have we allowed our establishment to drag us down to that level?
Once by Morris Gleitzman
Arlene T. Babakitis, 47, Secaucus, N.J.
Who paid the person at 21d
Then I read the email from WordPress to tell me that I have been Freshly Pressed!
Fingerbob.
A purse set! Complete with wallet, change purse and another little pouch. This is from just one shopping bag. And I still have a panel of the bag left, which I'm going to use to make a Bible cover. Here is what the shopping bag looked like before:
~ Sewing machine cover. I finished the top for this project this week, and in the end am very happy with it, buuuuuuut.....I'm re-thinking it as a cover for my sewing machine. I've decided I don't really love the open sides of a cover this style. Our house is SO dusty for some reason and I really think I need to protect my machine more. So I got to thinking, hmmmm, I wonder if the cover I made for my old Janome would fit? And you know what? It does!! Well, pretty much. Close enough.
To feel authentic
As of this morning, April 2, 2012, the 1940 U.S. Census is available for public use.
The hipster intelligentsia who make up Tarantino’s core audience have always risen to the challenge that his wildly eclectic soundtracks have posed. These releases are treated as an event in themselves, often as illuminating as the films they are meant to promote, and have served as a crash course in esoterica for both his loyal fan base and pop culture at large (the enormous cultural capital and subsequent career revival afforded to Dick Dale being the most prominent example). In a sense, he has achieved the greatest ambition of every mix tape aficionado: to have his tastes celebrated by and disseminated among a mass audience.
Wait, I've realised I have this wrong. This subliminally demented product (And this is where I regret having been a Psych. major) is called "Spa Breeze" but still, it freaks me the fuck out and sends me running to Schick. The embrace has blue labia instead so it's more like a dead labia instead.
Seeing the ever-shrinking ladies from last year, meeting new faces, seeing more of Chicago, and getting a much-needed girl's weekend!
Since the fall, when I did a ton of stuff, and then just came home to cold weather and not much of a local community, I haven't exactly felt at my best. Well, okay, I'm trying to be honest here: I've been downright depressed, on and off. No, not clinical depression, but the kind where you're miserable, have no motivation to do anything, feel drained by being constantly cold (I don't do well in cold weather), and find being around people too frustrating to bother doing. Top that off with some seriously self-hating feelings and stress caused by external events, and it's really not fun (I want to make it clear that I haven't been feeling constantly horrible since the fall. Just that I've been dealing with all this since the fall, to a greater or lesser extent depending on the time).
National Dex Complete the Sinnoh Dex (see all 150 Shinou Pokemon, Manaphy (#151) is not included)
While i had the free preview,i try and watch the broadcasters from all of the teams and see who i like and who i dont like......without my YES prejudice.
It is the festival of guns, the carnival of misery.
Romans 5:5 Now hope does not disappoint, because the love of God has been poured out in our hearts by the Holy Spirit who was given to us.
Her mother is a friend of mine and that baby girl could not have been more blessed to have been born into the family she was. The Holy Father called her home for what seems too premature, but surely for reasons bigger than what I can comprehend.
All you do is find a nice juicy apple..I've made it on red and green apples and they both taste delicious. Core the apple and slice into rings about 1/2in thick (or more depending on how thick you want your slices).
I had to laugh at that and answered, “Akala ko rin. Pero kailangan kong gumawa ng storya tungkol sa Semerad twins.“
The Senate passed the bill on a 20-14 party line vote. ASSET is still very controversial in its second year of consideration by the Legislature. It would give students who do not have legal immigrant status a chance to attend a Colorado college or university for less than out-of-state tuition, but more than in-state tuition.
Starting point for this diminutive Odyssey is the busy port of Oban. From here, I’ll get the ferry to Barra and the fun can commence. I’m delighted to report that Caledonian MacBrae make passage easy for the touring cyclist. Not only does CalMac offer a great value HopScotch ticket for my route – Number 23 coming in at a very reasonable £34 – it no longer charges for the carriage of bicycles.
may your tape measure be always at your side
Ask what the job actually entails. If being attached to an auto dialer all day would make you want to jump off the roof, it’s better to find out now than when the police negotiator is trying to talk you off the ledge.
Bench Press with Barbell - 4 sets of 12 reps with 45kg
It's some sort of ancient list designed to go with the masculine nautical images in the set, but it works brilliantly with everything else too! Here I teamed it with these gorgeous flowers from Everything Eleanor. They were stamped and coloured first, then covered with versamark pen before heat embossing with clear embossing powder.
-Page posted a great post recently on her adventures into cloth with helpful, detailed reviews of many different kinds of cloth diapers.
All Chelsea & City fans are glory hunters, all Kopites are deluded and from Norway, all Evertonians are bitter, all United fans are southerners. These started out as jokes. Typical stereotypes to mock the opposition with, but they’ve ceased to be that and have become de-humanising terms of hatred. They’re not people, they’re the opposition. The Enemy. And they’re only there to be defeated.
It was a few blocks, five at most, made longer by having to cross at the light and come around “the long way.” It was a hard-won battle and we were sworn to cross with the guard at the busy street. Mostly we did, but on days that we lingered on the playground after school, we would walk the winding road that led to a path through a wooded area that backed up to our street. The shortcut covered our naughtiness.
1. Oh, but BS essays are easy, you say! Think again. BS essays you don’t care about are easy. BS essays that are the difference between you getting into a school or not and which must be well-written and convincing are another thing entirely.
10. Awkward silences.
Privilege
at what cost?
Life is about perspective.
Oats - 1/2 Cup
At home, we folded and wrapped all the loose fabric around the boards. For lesser amounts, we did two pieces of fabric per board. After a little bit of color organizing, we loaded up a set of spare bookshelves and ended up with this:
5. The resurrection of Jesus
Blush Noisette
And here I am, writing a blog entry about not being able to write novels when I could be working on that problem. What is with me?
18 March 2012:
It's funny how when you move away, the time spent with family turns into much more quality time and you appreciate it more. It was so good to see them!
These are three different ways of doing street photography sure, but the way we in Street Photographer’s Toolbox understand it is photography as unposed pose. In other words: Cases where you do not directly interact with the people you want to picture. No before you take the picture.
In my last post, I said I felt like escaping, and even though I didn’t technically get away, I was able to embrace my long weekend and make it feel a bit like a vacation.
Sandhya thank you so much for inviting me to you kitchen!
Sand trickles through cracks in the walls, the wind of a sandstorm blows fiercely outside, beating on the tomb with unwavering fury and passion. Fingers trembling, Jack Donner reaches for the dulled metal shaft. The staff of the gods.. so close, do I dare?
¼ cup chicken broth
9:00 Welcome
We'll still be publishing art reviews and artist profiles elsewhere in the paper, and as far as I know Fred will be one of the people writing them.
Add the cubed meat, and stir until meat is no longer pink on the outside. Add boiling water, cover and simmer on low heat for 25 -30 minutes, until meat is tender.
But I will not give up. No sir. I make my own clothes. I can make my own jeans! I will win this battle of the denim!
*Positive Law
"Dear Elaine," and "I ate your party invitation"
This photo will probably be the source of jokes for weeks to come. I for one saw this on TV and was a little surprised but got a great laugh out of it. It was nice to have a short lived, light hearted moment when there are so many other serious issues going on in the US and around the world.
Right on that Mason-Dixon line
Why did it rain and then snow and then freeze last night?
An Unfounded Argument
To love is to be strong. Consider Jesus’ compassion. To love our enemies is to not let them disturb us. You tell me who has won then? To give a hand, to understand, to not take offense is to know strength which is born and felt within our core in the same place which love exists.
And, and, and, Mickey Cantor, the announcer in the game makes reference to “Griffin’s robotics lab” (which created the robotic chicken and which is also a nod to Griffin’s HS FIRST robotics team – which has made it the Nationals) and the “farm in NH” – which is our home where our chickens (and kids and dogs) live.
his beautiful sister, younger and yet wiser than myself – told me a few years back, Q – in our culture, Spanish culture that is, 13 is a lucky number.
Guitarist Bryan Bassett went on to a successful producing/engineering career, working with many great blues artists. And his guitar playing easily earned him a spot in the 90's with Foghat and Molly Hatchet. He continues to tour with Foghat and work in his studio.
It is bright, sunny and cool now in the late afternoon. We apologize for not writing to you sooner, who have no doubt been kept pacing by your monitor just waiting for word that we have. In reparation for our great tardiness, here is something to put you in a better mood:
Saturday, for example, found me running, cleaning up my flat, and otherwise catching up on reading for a field trip we were to take for my volcanology class to Banks Peninsula and Pigeon Bay on Sunday. The field trip itself was kinda fun – lots of volcanic deposits, and also lots of head scratching as we tried to figure out what was going on out there. It started off easy enough – hey, Strombolian deposits further from the scoria cone vent turning into Hawaiian eruptive deposits as we got nearer! But then we were all like, “Huh, what’s this phreatomagmatic stuff doing over here?” If you didn’t understand any of that, it’s okay – I might know what the words mean, but I definitely felt pretty clueless trying to figure out how stuff came to be while we were out there. It doesn’t help that this is a graduate-level class, and the profs weren’t particularly forthcoming with helpful answers. Nor does it help that hardly anyone’s ever really looked at the scoria deposits in this area…which is actually why my independent research project – “Flank Scoria Deposits of Okains Bay, Banks Peninsula: Insights to Akaroa Volcanism and Coastal Evolution.” Sounds pretty nifty, eh? – is also looking to investigate scoriaceous deposits a few bays to the east.
I started tracking my food again over the last two days to get back in the habit... in doing so I discovered that I can now scan a barcode with the ap on my iPhone and whammo... all the nutritional info pops right up. Technology is crazy awesome sometimes.
632 D-XI/8/1972. “On the Election Returns.” Crossroads International Student Center, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois.
I have to say the distances are a bit clunky for bigger models (at least the coherency rules) but otherwise the game was perfectly played as written. The NIs deployed behind the bunker but at the last moment ran for a different cover, leaving the commander enter the big concrete defence. My guys ran straight into it wanting to take them out while the tank moved on the center of the board and my commander was using it as cover. Lots of shooting back and forth from the 3rd turn onwards.
“Live intuitively, use your skills, with inner guidance, and that of your guides, and in time you won't need any tools.
But I can forgive a man who wears birks with socks, if he also wears rhinestone toed combat boots:
Sorry I've neglected this blog. Just haven't been much in a writing mood lately. Between dealing with 125 students in six classes, working with Speech and Debate students (we qualified 23 to states and will be taking 8 to National's in June), and just living life, writing hasn't been that interesting to me.
But toward him there is something fierce and terrible in me, eligible
You’ll never see the band,
2 scoring units down, 1 stuck surrounded by Wolf Scots in a trackless Rhino and the game had just swung dramatically into Mike's favour. I tried to keep my cool, I kept my Command Squad marching forwards into Mike's quarter to finish off the Long Fangs. Whilst the other surviving Terminators who made up the last 3 squads swung round terrain and unleashed everything they had at the Wolf Scouts and the squad in the open went down. Now I just had to deal with the Squad attacking the survivors of my 2nd Crusader squad. The only way to do this was to get into combat, and the only squad who could was the 3rd and final Crusader squad. I had no choice so I had to gamble, they charged in and the dice went my way; all the Wolf Scouts died leaving only the Wolf Guard, who fluffed his power fist attacks and then broke from combat. PHEW! I was back in the game.
And the real bloodbath has hardly started: next year, although no libraries are closing there'll be a major cull of front-line staff, books and other resources. Caretaking is already a thing of the past so God alone knows how the buildings will be staying open, what with hardly anyone to staff them and roofs held on with sticky-backed plastic.
My husband was able to find me a pair of longs and again I was hopeful that this meant everything was a little more roomy, but they weren't. Especially once I put all my gear on, things get very uncomfy. It's back to the drawing board and today at the range I will be wearing my world famous Johnny Cash black jeans with fake rhinestones on the pockets. And I will be Looking good.
Lesson learned: Kindness and respect are a valuable gift--both that given to the self and that given to others. "Truth" is not worth doling out if one must be unkind or disrespectful to do it.
People who are transgendered can be heterosexual, homosexual, bisexual, or asexual. However, it is often difficult to apply these categories. A biological male with a female gender identity who is sexually attracted to men may appear homosexual to others when psychologically he is in fact heterosexual (female gender identity attracted to males).
April marks 14 years since Peter and I first laid eyes on each other and our lives changed forever. Love at first sight is no joke! But, in honor of that, I thought it only fair that I mention a few of our recent conversations.
