"Thou art stranger than I."
I was really lookin' forward to seeing the New Avengers go head-to-head with Starks crew(my god...I'm calling Iron Man Stark now!!!Mark Miller and Bendis have totally turned him into Marvel's hate figure!!) but the final confrontation was a bit of a let down,but what did happen was still cool(trying not to give too much away).And we finally find out who Ronin is...well this I will spoil for you...its Clint Barton-"Why are'nt you storming that Avengers 'Tower' and shoving the superhuman registration act up Tony Stark's @#$?"..HAWKEYE is back in formation!
mainly celebration beers.
God? Who s/he? Anyway, obviously ‘write’. Then I could read what I’d written, thus sneakily defeating your conundrum.
Reflection: ( John 10:22-30) How secure is your faith and trust in God? Scripture describes God’s word as a “lamp for our feet and a light for our steps”(Psalm 119:105). The Jewish Feast of the Dedication is also called the Festival of Lights or Hanakkuh. This feast was held in late December, near the time when Christians celebrate the feast of Christmas. This is the time of year when the day is shortest and the night longest. Jesus used this occasion to declare that he is the true light of the world (John 8:12). In his light we can see who God truly is and we can find the true path to heaven.
Immersed in darkness, every sense seemed muted. The sickly air was still; Rel realised he was holding his breath, decided to hold it a little longer. Under his shoulder, Taslin's chest shifted only slightly with each breath - just enough that he couldn't forget the femininity of her. Lips sealed, Rel wondered if the sound of his teeth grinding would carry outside his head.
Eastern Europe is Dirt Poor. Yet Eastern Europe is regularly asked when they will be ready for this immigration. Why is Eastern Europe supposed to be “ready for this immigration” and not Japan?
Another night we had a fire on the flat rock beside the water, which was lovely. Woodsmoke drifted along with the water to wherever it was in such a hurry to go. Out to sea?
It is, however, in desserts that the North really came into its own. Despite the rain, we both decided on icecreams - a unique combination of speculoos/chicoree/condensed milk flavours for me, and a similarly unusual licorice/carambar/glacier mint (Betisse de Cambrai) mix for Paul (his came with sweeties on top. Still slightly jealous.) There was a pleasing variety of speculoos flavoured options - not only speculoos icecream (which haagen daas also sell, by the way - awesome in a box), but speculoos mousse, and speculoos creme brulee (which I very, very nearly went for). There is also a speculoos flavoured liqueur, which in my mind is sort of like speculoos flavoured baileys - how amazing would that be? You can apparently buy it online. (Speculoos, for those foreign people who haven't had the pleasure, is originally a biscuit - kind of a mix between ginger and cinnamon flavoured. It is brilliant. Often served with coffees here. I think it's Belgian.)
And while I'm definitely not the early rising type - if this morning's experience is anything to go by, mornings in Paris could just about become a new habit.
It was a hug
Joyfully Growing in Grace examines the methods, claims, and fruits of the Hebrew Roots Movement, Messianic Judaism, and Netzarim streams of faith and their related sects.
Let's get this 5 QF party started! So excited because Mama M used one of my questions again. I was having a craptastic day yesterday, and I was in a horrible mood. And I guess she liked my question. So join in, here
1094 ***D-XI/29(A)/1990. “The Bill of Rights and the Constitutional Convention of 1787.” Political Science Department, Wake Forest University, Winston-Salem, North Carolina. (Incorporated in Item B-6, above, pp. 11-21, 389-95 (1995).)
In a perfect V formation, I saw 5 seagulls approaching the circling mass. Not only was their formation perfectly in line, but the distance they kept between each other, and the fact that they were identical clones of one another! Have you seen seagulls? There are white, white with black, brown, beige, and multi-colored variances of these colors. But these were the whitest white, with the blackest black tips on their wings.
But a lecture?
One of our favourite features in the space was the use of a Threads wood grain wall paper in creams and taupes to add texture an interest. It was also our start point for achieving the lodge aesthetic. It was accentuated with rough sweater inspired pillows and a warm palate of painted accent walls to offset the building’s standard white interior.
Original Gravity: 2.8° Plato
Question Ten.
Spoken to transform the gentle Cow Goddess Hathor
Section 3 of the Preamble to the Massachusetts State Bar’s Rules of Professional Conduct states the following: “A lawyer should demonstrate respect for the legal system and for those who serve it, including judges, other lawyers, and public officials. While it is a lawyer’s duty, when necessary, to challenge the rectitude of official action, it is also a lawyer’s duty to uphold legal process.”
Continue with Red: Body
The best advice I ever received on the matter was from author p.m. terrell. (Who does in fact have an agent.) “Find a small to mid-sized publisher first, put out a couple successful books, and you will have a much better chance finding an agent.”
Like most companies, we have a conference calling service. Pretty simple stuff. There’s a toll free number. You have a “Leader” code for you to use and a “Participant” code to give out to people you want to conference with. You and your participants call the toll free number, enter your codes, and off you go! Everyone can join in, as many as 125 people all at once. Neat.
For First Amendment Rights,
So when you hear the thud of the dreaded letter from your beer supplier (detailing the prices you'll have to pay for your beer as of the next delivery thanks to last week's budget) hitting your doorstep and you heart sinks … remember that jolly Kerching!!! sound.
Very cold night but good fun.
The Welsh Government is committed to delivering high quality health, social services and social care services that are centred on user’s needs. Our vision is to provide a service that will satisfy the needs of Welsh speakers and their families or carers, by ensuring they are able to receive services in their own language through the care process....
The sad thing, though, is that the mediocre review scores were probably enough to put a lot of people off even trying the game in the first place. Why bother buying and playing a “68″ when you could play a “90″? This problem becomes compounded when you take into account the fact that a lot of publishers make strategic decisions about what franchises they want to explore further — and in extreme cases, which development studios get to keep taking home their paycheques — based on Metacritic scores. Do you think we’ll ever get another Nier (or at least a game like it)? Probably not. Why? Because it’s too risky. Nier has its fans, sure, but they number relatively few, and aren’t necessarily going to be enough to let the game make a profit.
At Atlas Shrugs, Pamela Geller shared a small sample of the vile disgusting hate messages that are routinely sent to her. You can see it HERE. They hate her because she tells the truth about the damage being wrought by islamic supremacists and their dhim-wit Orwellian "politically" correct enablers. Anyone who disagrees with the islamoleftist agenda must be destroyed, thought crimes must not be permitted. Those who refuse to bow down will suffer character assassination (and worse) and only a few who see through the lie will not be deceived into turning against the very people who are trying to warn us of the dark days to come, the very people we should be embracing and standing with to fight for our freedom.
Who always did, cause they shared of themselves
“I’m sure you could sell anything in America,” I replied, “but please lighten-up when you’re in the Congo. If you go around staring intensely at people over here they assume you’re in league with the snakes.”
Arnica montana for trauma, bruises and sore muscles. This is one of the first things I use for first aid. It is also highly recommended by plastic surgeons because it helps reduce swelling and bruising while speeding recovery from the surgery.
I love these but think she would yank the little hat off in no time. But a whole family dressed like fruits is appealing. Ahhh this is just making me more and more indecisive as I go along...
“Why don’t you ride through the tunnel” an acquaintance said to me. “There’s a tunnel? I’ve never seen a tunnel? Whadaya mean there’s a tunnel?” came my gob-smacked reply. So I grabbed my camera and departed in search of this mystery excavation under the highway.
We all need values in life, the one thing we should value most is ourselves and our own happiness as part of a communal effort, not squandering our right to be fully present in the world for the thirty pieces of silver we earn every month and selling our souls to the highest bidder. Your life is much more precious than that dictated to you by outside interests, it's up to you to make your voice heard.
Thanks mom and dad.
I never talked baby talk to my kids.
Generally speaking I waited in Brandon's old Chevy pickup while he ran inside the bar to drop of the smokes to his mom.
Today I am thankful for things NOT made in China…
Last week was a little rough. Alex was teething, which made him uncharacteristically cranky. Then, we noticed that Doogie, who has had a lump on his back for a while, had a big sore on that lump. I made a vet appointment for him and prayed like mad that my baby wouldn't scream through the whole thing.
To keep my sanity, I do this...One of the many reasons I really love CHA time and spending countless hours at my computer screen perusing all of the new crafty wares is rediscovering my love for some of my older, read "hoarded" products. Note the yummy vintage Sass frames...
I kept asking myself who is this book for? Finally it occurred to me it should be for anyone that wants to shoot food photography regardless of their level. I decided to break it up into simple ideas that could easily be understood.
I remember when this park opened in 1994. Now, zoos don't just appear over night. When I first visited there wasn't much to see, and a large part of the site was still under construction. But even though it was a quarter of the size of the park today, we came away promising to go back regularly.
At the time of his arrest, Fast was not wearing the purple bra, but police say they did find it inside his home. Collins says it was not hers.
And historical fiction? Well, there's your answer: Bankside. Many historical novels take the reader to live in the year and moment of the action: - steam trains screeching and puffing above Dickens' head as he tries to rescue a six year old prostitute; two monks turned out of their priory as Henry VIII's men pull the lead off the roof; families emerging from the Tube station air raid shelters to see if their homes are still standing.
Now, you're probably thinking "two?! Why on earth would she want to make TWO dresses for the one day?!" Well, I'd like to introduce you to my tiny friend Ashlan! She is my favourite 3 year old and is also the daughter of my special friends Lucy and Eamonn.
I felt it was a good book for younger teens. It had a feeling like it was aimed more at that audience. I would give it a 12+ rating.
This was a great dinner, it reminded me of a Mexican lasagna or enchiladas and instead of pasta, corn tortillas. Now there is a little work to these so be sure to have a free afternoon, or maybe you could prep the peppers, sauce and cooked chicken the day before? You'll need to roast and peel the peppers, but don't worry it's easy. Add some verde salsa and a little sour cream and yum.
This world does not only consist of civilised westerners with a western way of thinking. This world consists of the west, of Africa and of the East. Those are three completely different worlds, its not one and the same thing and one cannot view, approach and handle those three worlds the same way.
The context doesn’t allow for a long period for its composition between the announcement of the angel and Mary’s utterance – just the time of travel from Nazareth to the Judean hill country – a week perhaps? Possibly Mary was composing, even writing her thoughts as she traveled.
Satay is a genuine popular delicacy rule Indonesia; Indonesia’s mixed ethnic groups’ culinary art ( observe Nutrition of Indonesia ) keep produced a wide mixture of satays. Rule Indonesia, satay trust imitate obtained from a travelling satay vendor, from a street - side tent - restaurant, impact an hefty - class restaurant, or during customary celebration feasts. Network Malaysia, satay is a popular dish - especially during celebrations - and care exemplify constitute throughout the country. Close analogues are yakitori from Japan, shish kebab from Soft touch, chuanr from China and sosatie from South Africa.
In terms of the history of the interactions between Islam and Christianity, the most recent work of Fred Donner, Muhammad and the Believers: At the Origins of Islam, discusses the role played by Christians and Jews in the earliest community of Islam, arguing that they were accepted as part of the early community without an expectation that they should change their practices or abandon their own laws. It’s well-balanced between being aimed at a specialist audience and a lay audience, and also includes a very thorough glossary of both Arabic and non-Arabic terms.
-warm grey 4, cool grey 2
So, the police officer told our son that it is true a person has 24 hours to produce their licenses, but that if there is no way to tell that one has a license that he can cite the driver and in addition, he told my son he can't drive until the March 2nd court date. That does not sound right to me. My son has the license, but it is in his wife's purse. When she gets home I am going to drive him to the police department to show proof within 24 hours, but I had to go pick him up. If he is a legal driver with a valid license and is in a state where the law allows 24 hours to produce said licenses and it has not yet been 24 hours, can the police really tell him, he is not allowed to drive until March 2nd?
I have been hypnotised, repeatedly!
Driving through Nevada was similar to southern Utah, very desolate. We did drive right through a wild fire and didn't really know it at the time - like there were firemen on the side of the road tending flames but I thought they were on training exercises until I saw the large swaths of burnt ground a few miles later.
This is maybe a third of them. I'll have to start weeding through them and maybe selling the ones that I dont like any longer.
Halfmann: The cover will look great! Oh, we did change one thing, though.
Throw in the fact it was moving day, the movers changed times on me 3 times and I only had about 2 hours of sleep.
Occasionally parents respond with shock or dismay upon finding out their son or daughter has gender identity issues or crossdresses. While some parents may have suspected or denied it, many never imagined such a possibility. This is particularly true in situations where the grown children adopted stereotyped roles and socially-acceptable gender behaviors in order to mask their gender identity issues or crossdressing needs. While it may be difficult to accept that your child has these issues, and it may not initially be possible to offer validation or acceptance, please remember that your child needs your love and compassion. Do not reject your son or daughter because this may result in unresolvable differences.
On the whole, however, I remain optimistic about Kenya’s prospect of completing the transition with my main concern the kind of ‘nation’ we will create along the way. The challenges posed by the ongoing transition are also tremendous opportunities for civil society to act and shape a new conversation about Kenya, one that challenges the ethnic entrepreneurship of the political elites.
"We hope that by sending them to rehabilitation they will eventually repent." RTWTWhen a sharia madness takes hold of a society, the music usually dies, because mohammed hated music. But what the sharia tyrants in Aceh fail to realize is that once rock 'n roll has touched one's soul, it will never ever die, and kids who rock aren't the type to submit meekly as you try to take away something that can bring a most fundamental joy, because rock has always been for the rebels, the young and the young at heart, and rock and roll will never die. The kids will find a way to undermine you, always. It is a universal truth.
But this week, I have felt more energetic, more hopeful and more eager to get on with things than I remember having felt in a decade. Probably fulfilling the dream of (almost) full time classes has a lot to do with it. It was a big part of what kept me going through All That last year.
Now that I have my birthday buddy, my birthdays are so much nicer. But the first one after she was born will always be the most memorable. I celebrated it by eating sushi in my living room, surrounded by my loved ones, with a beautiful little baby girl nursing at my breast. Oxytocin, the love hormone, was flowing.
Brittany and her husband live in Atlanta and although we met as college football rivals (I’m Penn State, she’s that other Big 10 school in Ohio), we grew to be great friends and I miss having my partner in crime right down the street!
That can't resist:
On the cover of "Departures" the same color palette was applied but here the sepia effect of black and white toned down the vibrant yellow that was used on the issue title "Summer" and text. I think you could wear my necklace on that place and you would blend with it. Chicer impossible!
-Tash.x
Best advice: if you are close to 10 years at the end of your final divorce hearing, make sure you stretch it to 10 years if you are the lower wage earner. If you are the higher wage earner, it makes no difference. If you can obtain a copy of your spouse’s social security benefits statement through the divorce process, keep that copy for later.
It's just difficult to appreciate players when they're playing.
That didn’t work.
There was a time when seeing African-American actors & actresses on the Silver screen, playing characters not far from reality was the norm. Now it has become nearly a rarity. The majority of the movies written & created by & for African-Americans are by Tyler Perry Productions. Most of his movies depict black women in a stereotypical light & the comical story lines are extremely far from the possibility of actually happening in real life.
With all the floral prints showing up this Spring in shoes, I’ve illustrated my own desired print … more abstract. Yes, I love florals! However, I also enjoy other fun prints like the colorful swirls in my newest painting …
She loved garage sales and thrift stores with a passion...
As for the “sexually explicit” part of the challenge, quite honestly, I have no idea where these supposedly naughty bits were in the books. It’s about kids fighting for their lives in an Battle Royale-like controlled environment and dealing with their own assortment of PTSD afterwards. There were brief moments of kissing but nothing really shouted “hey! we’re having sex here!”
Biscoff Caramel
Yeah, it's been a little wild around here lately! ;)
Lesson learned?
“Kinda hot in a ditzy sort of way,” Connor offered admiringly. “For a sophomore, anyway. You gonna ask her out?”
What happens with a ruptured ear drum? Did you have to go back to the doc or do you just let it drain and heal?
In Disney's The Emperor's New School, Kronk's last name is Pepikrankenitz.
I gave up then, just left it there for the week we were gone. When we came back, the paint was still just was runny as before I left it!! But I was seeing that it was sticking some.
Recommended for those who enjoy rich girl/poor boy stories, but with the added complication of three adorable children (his).
Let me introduce to you the five wonder products taking on my lacklustre skin – boy did they have one hell of a task.
Or our country is dead meat
My disciple itself means my favorite. There is nothing like favorite disciple and non-favorite disciple, okay?
There is a fairly common narrative going around the country today within Democratic and liberal political circles, that President Obama’s first term has been a failure. Not in terms of getting things done, per se, but in terms of living up to the hype of hope and end of partisanship that he so eloquently stated he would bring to Washington, DC and the country at large. I disagree.
3. Baking is something else we do a lot of on rainy days, ill be posting up some simple recipes soon that we make, and all have been monster taste tasted.
“Know ye not, that to whom ye yield yourselves servants to obey, his servants ye are to whom ye obey. Whether of sin unto death, or of obedience unto righteousness.”
Next time, tips for the Father of the Bride…
I’m excited and a little scared – I’ll have the Tower of Terror 10 miler just a week before. Eek!
She kissed him, giving him a wrong idea of an affirmative. She had stopped resisting his moves, she had surrendered to the devil.
If you think you are safe by avoiding this type of junk food—think again. Have you ever wondered what made that shiny red apple look so polished? Sadly, most conventional fruit and vegetables are coated with Shellac. It helps extend their shelf life and the shininess of the produce appeals to the consumer making you want to buy it.
Thank you all for sending good wishes to Her Majesty. I was seriously overwrought when I posted and I think I may have made things sound worse than they really are. Based on some emails I received from concerned friends, I think I better elaborate.
Peer Helpers are reminded to pick a research paper topic by next Thursday. Sign up sheet is on the resource room door. Final paper due May 11th.
finally the ultra sound I had been counting down for, but also scared for.
Best quote of the week - from a movie cellist chose..........
Penan schoolgirls – as young as 10 – have been raped by loggers in Sarawak’s hinterland. According to Masing’s refreshing political dictum, such abuse is not to be condemned. This is not only because the Penan girls ‘asked for it’ (as the usual argument goes), but because they happen to have been born into a small ethnic minority.
I just couldn’t bear to forget.
It’s how the writer positions prepositions that make them more effective. Look again at the sentence above. It starts with the proposition, ‘But’. I chose this because it brought the sentence into effect - it directly made the point.
I hope you enjoy the pictures as much as I enjoyed taking them. My next post will probably be my review of Seraphina by the lovely Rachel Hartman. It’s a book about dragons… but not like you’d expect… I just need to finish it.
I quickly took my wallet out and counted the cash in it. I was definitely 2 notes of thousand rupees short. I replayed the whole exchange in my head again and realised my folly – of never having looked at the driver and what he was doing throughout the exchange.
I cannot function in a messy house. I cannot be the best mother, the best wife, or the best me, in a messy house. I cannot. It messes with me mentally.
Apply Flower Soft Dimensional Glue to the top of a white button, then dip into Flower Soft Peony Pink and let dry. Make 3 for your pink flowers. Apply glue to the top of a white button, then dip into Polar White Flower Soft and let dry. You’ll need to make 2 of these for your white flowers. Once dry, apply a dot of glue to a decorative pearl or rhinestone and place in the center of your Flower Soft buttons. Adhere the buttons to the center of your flowers.
Today we were reading a story from our student readers about a bakery and people that make bagels. I started talking about bagels and I realized that half of my students were giving me a blank stare. So I finally asked, who has ever had a bagel. I think like 5 HANDS went up! I was completely SHOCKED! They haven't had bagels, what world are they living in! Then I realized buying loafed bread is cheaper and lasts longer. I decided on my way home from school I was going to stop and get some bagels! Tomorrow morning I am going to see some of my students eat a bagel for the first time! I am actually kind of excited to share this with them, I know that sounds corny! Last year we made s'mores for our end of the year camping project and many kids were eating s'mores for the first time. Earlier that year we had a root beer float party and some of the kids didn't even know what they were. YIKES! I just don't realize all of the things my students haven't ever experienced! I think that is part of the reason I love teaching where I do. I enjoying giving my students these small experiences that they might not ever have. I guess that is what this time of year is all about, giving back!
For a final touch I added colour to one area of each image, before attaching to a piece of Core'dinations which I distressed with ink pad and Cut N Dry and sanding paper:
December 6, 2012: The End of the World As We Know It
The six shortlisted books are:
plus many, many more.
* California Division of Housing Policy Development * California Division of Labor Standards Enforcement * California Division of Labor Statistics and Research * California Division of Land and Right of Way
At this point, it's a cautionary tale about a boy growing up in the streets of Chicago. The mean streets like Cabrini Greens or wherever the gangs are, these days. But he's not black. I have a hard time drawing blacks, frankly, they come out as blobs but that's not racist, it's just true. Whites I can draw because they have firm outlines and pale white skin between the black of the lines on their faces and clothes. Plus when I run for office I want to use this site as a testament to my tolerance which is profound and evident.
However, if you regularly do longer highway journeys, a Jetta TDI is well worth considering. Highway economy is excellent–generally better than the EPA figures suggest–and you’ll get to appreciate the torquey motor and strong performance.
"Hayaan mo na. Si John na lang kasi," he said.
"What is this band everyone is talking about?"
The Fable of Zelda: Ocarina of Time Adept Quest
i am back. bigger and better than i ever was before.
At the start of the week before last, a loaf cost $10 million, hitting $20 million the next and $100 million the following weekend.
Now look at her! Is she not a beautiful and sopisticated lady? She belongs to the French Mistral class helicopter carriers.
I'm looking forward to sharing everything with you guys!
6. Drain beans, reserving at least some of the bean juice.
It may seem strange for a non-American to be writing this, but the fact is that what happens in America affects us all.
So don't feel guilty for caring. Don't feel guilty for being selfish -- because being selfish is the only way you'll get to do what you love.
LEARNING CURVE
This is such a fun filled room! The grandkids bedroom.
Because no playlist is complete without some form of 80's goth. Represent!
Moving on.
Yea Work! Yea decent Income! Yea back to normal! Nay I don't want to be home alone without him! Nay, I don't want to be here all summer without him! Nay, I don't want to deal with the crisis without him here! Nay, I don't want to do this anymore! Yea, I feel sorry for myself!
We will find 4:01, go find “:01: on our worksheet, laminated so that it is dry eraser marker friendly, draw on our hour hand and minute hand, fill in the number 4 in the hour field, then proceed to complete (find/seek/do/etc) our action word.
The Hougang seat was left vacant after its ex-WP MP Yaw Shin Leong was sacked from the Workers Party for his failure to address swirling rumors about his alleged extra-marital affairs with multiple married women, including a neighbor from China.
great for students who are struggling with reading and need someone to
I bought some time ago a humidour which - to be fair - didn't work very well... I was therefore often keeping my cigars at home in humidified pouch / bags...
Below is the test for carbon dioxide using limewater. Our chemistry set has limited equipment, so improvisation with a drinking staw was required!
Howard Chan is the Founder of Case Digests for Law Students, a website which provides reliable case digests for law students and researchers who may not have the time to read lengthy Supreme Court decisions.
I was deeply offended by his comments and I am sure that he would not make it as a driver in a major metropolitan area because there are so many homeless people who do not have accessibility to bathing facilities and as a result many homeless people have serious odor problems.
Which brings me to my question for you:
Might stop a hole to keep the wind away.
This mess is all my own doing. I invited my family to read my blog and then I did nothing to shelter them from my dark side. I am currently emotionally unstable. I try to flush a lot of the bad stuff out here. It keeps it from building up inside of me more that it already does. As good as that is for me, no child should ever be allowed to see into the dark corners of a parent’s mind. Even an apparently normal, stable parent has thoughts and feelings that would be very disturbing to their children. I failed my children horribly by losing my ability to shelter them.
Announcing their intentions to the media, proclaiming "Hate Speech" was not "Free Speech", and as arbiters of what was allowed (or not), they intended to shut the conference down.
From atop such a tree as a Vasior, a person can see the world in its proper form. It is true as I have also seen that some of the Vasior trees throughout the land have died. They remain brawny and tall, but hollow and dark with fragile branches and no fruit. For one reason or another, the soil was corrupted by the Caretakers. It is said that these Caretakers desired for their tree to grow taller than the others, disregarding the nature of its growth and supplementing the trees roots with special concoctions of their own design. And with all such meddling, the tree died. What is truly peculiar above all is that the Caretakers never realized the tree was dead. Only those that had living trees among them could tell that these people had killed their tree. And even more peculiar, those that cared for a dead tree would see a living one and think that it needed their help to become as superior as their dead tree; humorous and yet so very sad. My father would often receive visits from such people. Although he was willing to listen to their words, he would chuckle a bit at their derangement, not in cruelty, but because of their blind intensity toward their mistake.
What is trying to be conveyed here is that too many men take the simplistic approach toward trying to please the gods and gain the earthly blessings they desire. This is a verse of admonishment to press them on into more intellectual pursuits, find the deeper meanings of the sacred scriptures and realize that the bloodletting offerings alone are not bestowing the greatest gifts of life that they could have. Basically, they are living as the backward and uninformed, untaught. Manu has moved forward in his thinking and he is saying that, “it is due to desire and attachment that men afflict animals in the space around the altar.” He’s trying to bring the people out of a Dark Ages mentality and that illustrate that there are things you can do to achieve your goals even without all the killing and ritual. He’s encouraging man to look to develop higher intellect, consider the wisdom of the Vedas and find atman, the highest self and rise above the misconception that all blessings are bestowed only through the purging of an animal. This behavior was reflective of pagan civilizations that have come and gone beforehand that believed if they needed redemption, cleansing, forgiveness, and blessings, it could only be gained by someone or something enduring horrific torture. If they would make their spiritual practices more genuine and more on jnana (knowledge), as opposed to such violent forms of yajna, maybe they would come closer to their enlightenment.
My deployment was pretty similar, however she changed a bit of her strategy. Her Juggernaut was on the far right completely out of the fight. She wasn’t able to give him focus to run trying to stay in cover so I knew that jack was a waste of points. But she doesn’t like me pointing that stuff out till the end of the game.
In deciding on the circumstances in which a disclosure on a website was public, the Board took the view that ‘direct and unambiguous access’ to the website would be required, and this would only be possible if the site could be located using a search engine. Although in theory every website can be accessed, the Board took the view it was not deemed public if its URL address needed to be known for it to be found. The Board compared that situation to having to know a password to access a site. The Board provided a test to determine whether a given website is public. The test requires that the website can be found by a search engine using keywords that relate to the content of the website and that material would have to be on a website long enough to be accessed. The test is set out below:
There seems to be a new trick to suppress pro-Opposition websites such as Malaysia Chronicle. Readers may be able to access and even put their comments on the latest Bersih 3.0 coverage BUT the portal is not able to publish new articles until much later – in our case only just after 8am Sunday morning.
I took the feature picture this morning. I ate nearly half of that bowl for breakfast. I'm not suggesting that might be a reasonable serving amount, but I wanted to you to know this so if you you are making this for guests, you can plan accordingly. Especially if I show up.
I've been using Zite a lot lately. It is a news recommendation engine iphone app. And from thumbing up and down different news story from a variety of topics (advertising, sports, film, food, Boston, Miami, etc) I'm starting to see connections between my passions and my work. For instance, sports data is something that keeps popping up, and, not surprisingly, it is something that really excites me. Did I know this back in college? High school? Would I have if someone had shown it to me?
And lastly, I was able to enjoy a fun evening of Bunko with the girls. My friend Debbie throws the most awesome bunko parties. I was able to rock it, and tie as the biggest loser. :D
Volcanic Stone Drake – Glory of the Cataclysm Hero
Recently, it seemed that Pinnacle might have been reaping what they sowed, as the crash made many of their redevelopment plans untenable and has forced them to sell or lose several of the properties where they hoped to double (or quintuple) rents. Like Freddy Krueger, however, they just won't go away, and now they've most likely broken the law by putting up a banner illegally. Even if they are involved with the lot, we don't want them hanging around Franklin making another mess.
Quick and painless, right? If you want to learn more about either of those things, you can click on the titles – though I’m sure you’ve seen 10 Things I Hate About You, especially if you were a 90′s kid.
I wish I could show you all 28 pages of this issue, but I can't. Instead, here's an example:
2nd steep: 65 seconds, burnt orange liquid, stronger flavor and aroma, roasty character comes through, rind-like quality also great.
Place flour in a large glass bowl and form a well in the middle. Add remaining ingredients into the well. With a fork, in a circular motion, stir wet ingredients just around rim of dry ingredients, bringing a little bit of flour into the wet, a little at a time until all are mixed together.
Tilda's Studio is a lovely book full of soothing colors and sewing projects that embellish your home. It would be an enjoyable book for someone who did not want to get too involved in something that would take a long time. Each item just takes a little time out of a day, no more. I love the cloth bird cage and the free clip art you can copy to make cards with. There is an easy cloth rose you can make and I'm trying to get more organized and get all my house work finished so I can get out the materials and use some of the patterns in this book. I've already shown it to some of my younger friends, and the teen girls are really wanting a copy for themselves.
IBM went through its problems several years ago and presumably was a better buy. Still a good investment but Buffett is late to the party. Probably because its technology.
In a face-to-face interaction we smile, the smile has a huge impact on meetings’ result. A smile is an invitation; a sign of welcome. Smiling directly influence how other people respond to you. The human brain prefers happy faces and recognizes them faster than those with negative expressions. In fact, research shows that if you smile at someone it activates the “reward center” in that person’s brain. It is also a natural response for the other person to smile back at you.
Woke uP on the right side of the bed.
"Somebody's really drunk driving down Granton Road," she told the 911 dispatcher.
I have no idea what to say about this book. It was really, really good. I think I did let the hype heighten my expectations to unrealistic levels though and for that I ended up perhaps hoping for something a bit more groundbreaking. Well let's just say that I hoped for tears. Not just out of the characters' eyes, but mine. And while I loved the characters I just didn't shed a tear even when tragedy struck.
So I am curious, what are your thoughts? How old is old enough to either use the appropriate gender restroom solo, or at least wait outside for the parent and/or siblings to finish?
There are LOTS of good Chinese-themed books to read. We start out with the one below. It's great for explaining many different concepts in a simple way.
Since 3 of my friends are pregnant I figure there's a chance I'll need a baby boy card pretty soon!
1. Second hand Hawaiian shirt, suede skirt and new straw market bag I finally found this week after a year of looking, all worn for tonight's 'farewell curry' with friends at Islamabad Grill before we all return home for the summer.
"No. Idiot. How are you not getting this? Did you have them or did you not have them?"
they didn’t kiss…. Why? …..He said it was too personal.
But this year, the kids are getting scooters!! Yes that was Coby's idea. No, not exciting, for me.
4) Keep verb construction simple Use an active voice
One of his bigger risks would become known as Disneyland. Here is the story on how Walt Disney started to create in his mind the “Happiest Place on Earth”.
More than I have charged myself, heeded or unheeded, to compose a
If you're not in an air-conditioned environment, it's probably best not to drink any alcohol while it's this hot. However, if you can moderate your environment a bit, a beer can definitely taste refreshing. You want to look for specific characteristics in a hot-weather beer, though. Heavy or sweet beers are out--they'll make you feel gross. High-alcohol beers will exacerbate the effects of heat and while some of them taste good, it's best to stick to something around 5% or lower. And among those beers, the best are those that are tart or dry (low in residual sugars and not sweet to the palate).
Take some time to analyze your audience. Writing a successful persuasive paper isn’t difficult as long as you remember to first consider who your audience is and how they feel about your issue. Here is a handy acronym to help you analyze your audience.
How did we get here? Maybe it's pure nostalgia, but it seems that yesteryear's African rebels had a bit more class. They were fighting against colonialism, tyranny, or apartheid. The winning insurgencies often came with a charming, intelligent leader wielding persuasive rhetoric. These were men like John Garang, who led the rebellion in southern Sudan with his Sudan People's Liberation Army. He pulled off what few guerrilla leaders anywhere have done: winning his people their own country. Thanks in part to his tenacity, South Sudan will hold a referendum next year to secede from the North. Garang died in a 2005 helicopter crash, but people still talk about him like a god. Unfortunately, the region without him looks pretty godforsaken. I traveled to southern Sudan in November to report on how ethnic militias, formed in the new power vacuum, have taken to mowing down civilians by the thousands.
What do those statements have to do with eyesight?
Her voice was a rustle of autumn leaves as she said, “Bravo. You’re just in time for dinner. Would you like something to drink?”
My mother in the hospital again and I don't know why. There was some ugliness between us a while back and right now every time I talk to her it puts me in a very bad space and she doesn't understand this. She doesn't even understand how stressful interacting with her is for me. All that happens is that she gets her feelings hurt and I feel bad for making her feel bad. Ugh.
my sage smudge stick smells like heaven to me
But I say unto you, they are inseparable.
Another recent and formative book has given focus to a whole movement. Since Dave Tomlinson wrote The Post-Evangelical in 1995 the concept has gained popularity and a conference was held in July 1996 on Is there life after evangelicalism? It is hard not to see here a baptised version of post-modernism, with its cultural relativism and plural concept of truths instead of truth. Mark Johnston’s review of this book (Foundations, No 36, pp 40-43) shows how the hermeneutical principles it advocates are increasingly common in evangelical institutions. This is not a domestic controversy among Anglicans for it goes to the very heart of our gospel authority. To say the least, co-operation between those wearing the same evangelical label but at loggerheads about their basic source of authority will become increasingly hard to achieve. Some suggest that these strains will prove too strong for some Anglicans, resulting in a reluctant evangelical secession. The more likely outcome, however, will be an evangelical church within the church similar to the two Anglican bodies in South Africa. Moves towards alternative episcopal oversight in the shape of Regional Advisers in the Reform group ofAnglicans certainly point in this direction.
The makeover I have in mind is a “Healthy Pantry Makeover.” Never heard of one? Anyone who has a kitchen or even just a cupboard or small fridge with food in it can benefit from a “healthy makeover!” For many people, their pantry or food storage area is a danger zone that should come with a warning…open at your own risk. We buy groceries and store them somewhere, but somehow we never seem to have what we need or be able to find it! (“I know that I had a can of cream of chicken soup in here…somewhere!) Sound familiar? If your pantry is overwhelming you, it’s probably time for a makeover.
Fall brings out the decorator in most of us. Whether we decorate for Halloween, harvest up the decor around Thanksgiving time or begin now thinking about the Christmas tree and all it brings, it is decorating time. I spent a little time on the 'net looking at Fall ideas and here are some I found.
I have the pleasure of announcing the winner of the splendid prize from Dies to Die For and would also like to extend a big THANK YOU to this wonderful company for sponsoring our challenge last week! So, without further ado...the lucky winner of the
‘Looking forward to it?’ I say, just eyes and nose visible over the four duvets, still shaking off the turquoise waters in my mind.
I don’t really love books. I more admire them. So, let’s go with that… Amos Oz’s Scenes from Village Life. It really hung around and came back to me. Barnes’s Sense of an Ending I also thought was a fine example of how absolutely complete a story can be. I just finished Stray Love by Kyo Maclear and thought it a really beautiful novel.
I tried really hard to resist this one. I really did. In fact, when all the Leaf Peep first went up, I managed to hold out, but then I saw this Targhee, and my brain said “Sweater Lot,” and my fingers said “Okay then.” There’s 20 ounces of Targhee here, from Spunky Eclectic, in this beautiful colorway, Leaf Peep.
And everyone must breathe,
So worried about money, why don't you look into your Congresses pockets since they are so full, willing to give up money for car dealerships FOR WHAT A DISCOUNT,
Now, I don’t study internet trends, but I certainly see them (not ad nauseam, though, since I left Tumblr, but I read forums and that’s good enough for the time being). And I think that the way things get popular and fall into blandness and/or obscurity is a good look at how real life trends go. Miley Cyrus, for example. She used to be so famous. She had haters, man! And now where is she?
Her reply, ” Mom, I’m fine, and I’m very happy, I was just mad.”
Back to the 2 minute thing.
Johnson, along with others, placed an open letter to the citizens of Baton Rogue in a local newspaper criticizing the police department for the manner in which they handle the demonstrators. They used tear gas and police dogs to disperse the crowd.
hyperbaric chamber
Their marksmen & women are so ready
I've heard all the warnings about aspirin causing stomach problems, but I've been taking it nearly all my life and never had any problems! I'm sticking to it regardless!
Bachmann: I have 23 foster children
A 4th of July party isn't complete unless you have fireworks. I took sparkles and tied them with ribbon and then I packaged snap pop things into small bags and added a cute topper from the Tweedle Dee printable collection.
as long the platelet count was stable or rising, we could take her home.
The natural dyes i made from the quince plant have been sitting in the fridge all weekend. So every time I open the fridge there it all is staring at me or me staring at it and I’m feeling bad because I can’t get to it. But you know I think I’ve just been afraid, and anxious to give it a go. I don’t really know what I’m afraid of but it’s new and it seems really complicated (messy) and that is probably what is making me anxious.
This big guy here is Roy. He rolled in one evening to the store weeks ago in his travelling junk mobile wearing a crazy T shirt and started following me around. He's into camera stuff and the usual boy things. He's got a loud voice. He's got a big belly. He's a lotta fun. Here he is drinking a tiny Diet Coke because I didn't have his usual beverage of choice: Shiner Bock beer. He never drinks the beer, just puts it in his trunk with the rest of his junk. He also just found a pod of kittens on his lawn. I want him to bring them in so I can look at them and pretend that I won't want one for the shop.
About SwimmingPoolsSigns
So, the story is about a report which calls for a duty rise on spirits and white cider. What image does the BBC choose to illustrate this story about spirits and white cider – a picture of someone drinking a pint of what appears to be cask ale, presumably in a pub.
"The sea surrounds Constantinople like a garland even more so now than in Procopius' time as the Greater Istanbul Authority installed a working sewage system last week although tap water remains undrinkable." I briefed Miss Nikos carefully as we circled the Sea of Marmara for 2 hours awaiting our landing clearance at Ataturk International.
(That’s) fucking annoying as shit.
From the day I met her, I believed in love again. She made me see that not every girl is the same, and that love is worth believing in. She made me see that I can trust love. And even though a lot of people are mean in this world, just sometimes, someone is worth your time. I just can’t shut up about her… Just check all my posts on here, most have her mentioned in it, and that because she rocks my world. I would never hurt her, mentally nor physically.
You can e-mail this information to refund@boulevard.com, or mail it to “Chocolate Ale refund, Boulevard Brewing Company, 2501 Southwest Boulevard, Kansas City, MO 64108.” You can expect a check within 2 to 4 weeks of your submission.
Rice: If you don't know the rule of thumb of rice its simple. One cup of water, 1/2 cup of rice. Bring water to a boil, turn heat down and add rice. Cook for about 20 minutes with lid on. I add frozen peas and corn to steaming rice once its cooked and close the lid.
“Ha,” Conner barked, louder than he intended.
There’s one final thing that we can use to help us persevere when the times are tough. It’s praise from the praiseworthy.
"My only regret is that we didn’t get the 60 inch table. Side note: About a month after getting our table, it started to split between two of the boards. We think it had to do with the climate change and it wasn’t reinforced underneath. There wasn’t much we could do about it until just recently, when Carolina Farm House opened for business. Sam and his team not only fixed our table but they also reinforced it underneath so it won’t split ever again. Thank you Sam! Every time I walk by the table I don’t see a one inch gap stuffed with raisins and play dough I think of you!
Similarly, a twelve-year-old told me this week that her “homeschooling” for the past three months has consisted of reading a novel — plus cleaning the house and keeping an eye on her fellow foster sibs so her foster parents can work. Other subjects? “No,” she said thoughtfully, “I really haven’t done any math or social studies or anything like that.”
“Jennifer doesn’t reside here, but it is good to see you have arrived. After your woman’s visit today I hoped you would” he said with a widening of that smile so off and so far beyond either eerie or surreal. The door swung wider and he stepped aside with a horrible grace to the smallest nod of his head.
So much of what is worth reading in Chasidic literature is written by anonymous hundreds who post at great length on a number of message boards. They write in a variety of genres and though I don't think much of what's written there is worth reading, it has the virtue of life, slippery and unmediated. There are a very few writers who write literature with a capital L - the blogger Katle Kanye is the most widely known of them, though there are others (such as Pinchas Glauber) who are on a similar level.
But I was determined to use my new toy, so I melted the butter in a small saucepan and then transferred everything to the bowl of my Kenwood Chef to do the rest of the mixing.
H.C. Bresson is the author of a statement that we can find in the 80% of the signs in the photography forums: “To photograph: it is to put on the same line of sight the head, the eye and the heart.” ... READ MORE
For most of my adult life I’ve had to wear a pair of blinders that prevented me from looking to the right or the left. I had to concentrate on looking straight ahead, at the one reality that was always there—paying that month’s bills. That has been my chief worry for decades—would there be enough for this month, to keep my apartment and not lose all my belongings, to keep me from becoming homeless and going crazy, getting mugged, raped, becoming dirty? Would there be enough to keep the utilities turned on? Would there be enough to eat?
On to other achievements, Benson had his first real bath and he has also taken a bath with his big brother Owen. He eats about 5-6 ounces a feeding. He is getting chubby from all that eating as well. We are seeing those rolls get bigger and bigger. He started smiling just after he turned a month and it is so sweet. His personality is starting to show through more and more. It is amazing how children of the same sex, born to the same parents, in pretty much the same stage of life can be so inherently differnt. Benson is a lot more sensitive than Owen. He just needs someone there with him the whole time he is awake. He gets scared and startled very easily. He hates any type of pain and wails as soon as he feels it. He is a Mommy's boy. Benson is such a good traveler and church companion thus far(I'll probably eat my words on this one). He still has his hair (most of it at least) which surprised us, we thought he would lose it like Owen did. Although, it isn't floofy anymore, it has grown out so it stays down now. I guess he still could but as of right now he has only lost a bit in the front but all the rest has stayed strong. Benson is a binky baby, sometimes that is the only thing that will soothe him and he holds them in like a champ. He still has reflux and spits up a ton, that hasn't changed one bit, except for maybe doing it even more. He is already wearing mostly 3 month clothes. His eyes are a dark blue on the outside and a light blue on the inside, I doubt that will stay but I guess we'll see. When Owen plays by him, he loves to watch him. It is almost like he is trying to soak everything in. He hates swinging, which is a bummer, and really just likes to be held all the time. He is doing better at just lying on this back on a blanket, but it still doesn't last long. Even though he is a pretty fussy baby, he still is very flexible considering he has an older brother around but I just do appreciate it. His feet have pretty much outgrown all the socks we have that will stay on his feet. His legs still aren't quite chubby enough to hold up the bigger socks that will fit him. He still has a bit of a hoarse/raspy cry and has a definite pouty lip. He has such a sweet countenance about him and even with his crying he brings such a peace to our home. He likes to snuggle and cuddle so we LOVE that. Benson sure has blessed our lives immensely and it is hard to remember just weeks ago when he wasn't in our family yet.
He said that to really appreciate such films you have to have watched the director's earlier ones to fully understand what they were trying to capture. If you actually followed their career it would put their films into a context that most modern viewers miss (going straight for the "classics" listed on best movie lists, as they often do). He said he'd felt that he'd made a mistake doing this himself and had missed out on enjoying them fully, or perhaps even understanding why they were so revered.
thought I was the in the minority in that experience.
So that's what we made.
but must scale down the size
Okay, so that’s just for rushing with the Void Ray. If you want to use it “normally,” you’ll normally want a Mothership anyway. Besides, your Void Rays, not your Mothership, will be dealing the brunt of the damage once you reach an enemy. Normally, if you have a sizable group of Zealots, Stalkers, Void Rays, and Carriers under the cloak of a Mothership, you’ve got an unstoppable army. (3-4 Carriers is enough, for confusion. I would focus on Stalkers and Void Rays; Zealots can also be used sparingly.)
something about it, but before that I would get the
neither are your ways my ways,”
Your whole life can gradually become filled with giving and getting daily strokes but you have to put your self out there. If someone says they don’t have time for you, find someone who does, and copy these people who get what you want, push through the fears and do what they do. There’s no reason not to do this, nothing to do but quit listening to the thoughts stopping you. Everyone who gets what they need does it by ignoring the stopping thoughts. You can too. Experiment with your life, that’s what life is. Play around, take some risks, you’re not out of line, not wrong or sick, you are free, said Kafka, that is why you are lost.
April 12 TBA, New York City NY
loves Dora!
Designer Series Paper Spice Cake # 124003 - $10.95
I just used the cream filling part of the recipe, and piped them into the donuts with a cake decorating bag. You'll want to fill them until it starts squeezing out.
The fourth exercise that calls for reverse pull ups ended up being done with my kitchen table. I could have done it outside, except: a) I needed the fan really badly today and b) the old witch was outside and I didn’t want to have to deal with her. So I stayed indoors, under the table, and took a photo of it for you guys.
One commentary says, “The work he has come to do is now complete. The great significance John attaches to the saying I am thirsty would then make sense because it would symbolize both Jesus’ commitment to obey God’s will and the fulfillment of the suffering of the one who is the righteous sufferer par excellence.
"That's another dollar... KELLY!! I can't stop her from saying the f-word, will I still be charged because I have her buddy?"
But is a small hit to our wallets worth saving the industry as Denis Dyack points out might not be in the strongest position next generation!
Finishing out the Nikkatsu Noir collection of Japanese crime films with two starring Joe Shishido:
Glitter pens and ink distressing round it all out.
Eva started with the scampi, which was served in a piquant spicy chilli and garlic white wine sauce. Absolutely superb, the scampi were plump and unctuous, and the sauce had a presence which did not overpower the scampi.
“Don't worry, I'm fine. It'll be fine. I'll be back in a minute. Please... If you could fetch me the towel.”
Price: 89 $
Check it out! Before:
The card turned out quite simple but I think that the pattern of the stamp speaks for itself.
Biography: Janice is an experienced primary school teacher, and Gill Leahy has 19 years teaching maths in secondary education. Both are ICT-enthusiasts with a passion for innovation and creativity in teaching, having worked in classrooms all over the world, they have seen the impact of technology in teaching younger learners.
The wall has been plastered.
I know his slogan is “Forward,” but I hope he doesn’t go so far forward that he costs himself some swing states. I’d rather hear about his support for gay marriage on November 7. The president has enough problems with the economy, he really shouldn’t push his luck.
You might not think it matters now but what if you are wrong
Fantastic soap for Everyone!! I need them to make an Everyone Conditioner to go with the soap, but for the kids and those with shorter hair it worked great.
The Lord is faithful, and He will strengthen me and keep me safe from the evil one! Amen!
But, in 2012, I have a pair of cat eye reading glasses. I knew one day I would be wearing glasses sooner or later. I have about five pairs of glasses lying around my house. And the main pair is worn like a headband when they aren’t down on my nose.
England may be the birthplace of Monty Python, Fry and Laurie, Eddie Izzard, “Blackadder,” “Absolutely Fabulous,” and much of the most brilliant and irreverent comedy of the past fifty years. Yet even in the honking, headache-inducing congestion of London, it seems that one must never refer to Queen Elizabeth and Prince Philip as “Lizzie and Phil.”
Now I actually have never used ladyfingers to make tiramisu, mostly because it's out of my way to get the stuff, and it's usually kinda pricey and I don't know what I'd do with the leftovers. So I use pound cake. I always can find a use for extra pound cake! When I have the time, I'll make my own, but I am heartily in favor of using whatever pound cake you can get your hands on. In fact, on this occasion it had been my intent to buy pound cake; however I was foiled by Costco's assorted seasonal pound cakes (e.g. pumpkin streusel) replacing their normal plain pound cake 3-packs. So I came home and baked a pound cake from Dorie Greenspan's Baking: From my home to yours.
So when I'm on call, I get to say & hear things I never thought I would:
10-10-01 Form: 311P/P2F123/P22/121 Owner: KCMS Partnership Trainer: Victor Dartnall Breeder: Mrs Kay Birchenhough Jockey: Paddy Brennan Giles Cross
but admits that these “aren't huge errors” and goes on to give the book 5-stars. I agree with him wholeheartedly on this particular point: “One good mark of the effectiveness of this book was that I couldn't resist telling people about a couple of things I read here.” The example he gives is about the fact that some women have a fourth colour receptor in their eyes, so would see colours and colour matches differently but the simple fact is that this is the kind of book that you want to share. I keep thinking of bits I wish I’d told you, like the fact that someone once hanged an elephant: Murderous Mary, a five-ton cow elephant with the Sparks Brothers Circus, was hung by the neck from Derrick Car 1400 on September 13, 1916. You can read all about it here. Also Thomas Edison also once electrocuted an elephant. (I think those are the only pachyderm-related factoids from the book.)
other.” In so far as the self develops in this way, the beliefs, values,
Cash transactions: there is increasing concern that although the CSO captures data from the mortgage market, it omits cash transactions. The latest figures from the Revenue Commissioners are for 2009 which show that just 6% of transactions (by volume) were in cash. In February 2012 , estate agents DNG claimed that cash made up one third of the market. At the start of January 2012, Sherry FitzGerald said that 29% of its registered buyers were cash buyers, and mortgage expert Karl Deeter said on here that “what Mark Fitzgerald [of Sherry FitzGerald] said at the AIB meeting in December (we were at the same table) is that 30% of purchases were cash – I’d take that as being completions unless this is a case of crossed wires”. In addition, the Sunday Independent reported the former acting-CEO of the Irish Auctioneers and Valuers Institute saying that “I would say a quarter of deals at present are being done in cash”. The Allsop Space auctions won’t be representative of the general market but the latest analysis from them says that almost three quarters of its auction transactions were in cash. The CSO still hopes to have monthly data from the Revenue Commissioners from mid-2012 and it expects that it may subsequently be able to show the market size with its monthly release of the residential index. The perception is that cash transactions will be at keener prices than mortgage transactions because the buyer can move quickly and doesn’t need credit. If that perception is correct then the CSO may be understating – and potentially, understating substantially – the decline in prices. NAMA, which is not an honest broker in this discourse, said recently “the index indicates a decrease of 48% overall but we believe the market has decreased by 57% or 58% on average. The index simply has to catch up because the transactions on the market reflect that.” NAMA in particular seems to believe that prices outsideDublin have fallen significantly further than the CSO index suggests. A recent enquiry to the Property Regulatory Services Authority which will administer the new House Price Database asked about the launch date and the response was that it would be implemented as soon as practicable – sources suggest that will be Q4,2012.
9. Position #69 (01:37)
“No, I mean yes, no I mean I just wanted to ask some questions.”
Reading: Jesus replied, “The first is this: ‘Hear, O Israel! The Lord our God is Lord alone! You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart, with all your soul, with all your mind, and with all your strength.’The second is this: ‘You shall love your neighbor as yourself.’ There is no other commandment greater than these.” (Mark 12:29-31)
I know they'd love to hear from you, so please visit their blogs and share in their excitement.
Despite the fact that British Freedom believes in our 300 year-old union, I will make an exception allowed by St George’s day to write specifically about England — and I write as a proud Englishman.
We have looked at the weather forecast and know that the wind is to become first playful and then strong in the late afternoon. We have a thin strip of exposed land to cross in front of Perpignan and decide to push on and try and cross it from Port-Barcanes to Leucate. We make it, and camp at a municipal campground. All well and good. But the wind rises quickly from playful to something beyond terrifying. The tent is being blown over and the ridge pole bends to touch us as we lie in our sleeping bags. We are worried that trees will fall or the caravan behind us be tipped over.
Of Bombay, awarded by Intl Brotherhood of Magicians for new magic technique
You are open and comfortable with who you are. You don't hide anything. Yep.
I have always believed in the importance of rituals. I don't necessarily mean the religious kind, though they have their function as well, of course. I mean rituals that we ourselves create to mark our own, specific lives. I've found the how's and when's of writing to be especially ripe for such creations.
My cousins and I all got a good chuckle out of that.
Have you ever purchased a game that turned out to be absolutely horrible? It had a quality so low that it went beyond opinion into the realm of obviously horrible. Or have you seen games being talked about like they will be the next top thing, each preview better than the last, being hyped to infinity and beyond? Then when it comes out it gets a low score leaving you baffled how the game in the previews was so good while the end product was so bad.
Still, I know of writers who were in the middle of a story and came across an already published book (or movie) that was so similar to theirs they stopped writing it. It happens. I've read some books that were so similar I wondered if the authors were related or if one of them was "influenced" by the other. Actually, there's a few of those I'll be wondering about into the next life. And it does make me worry some as I write. What if I'm not unique enough? I'm not worried enough to stop writing. I did however, do checks on amazon and the library to see if I could see anything like what I was writing. Well, agents do say to know your field....
I tried blaming it on the computer fixer that we have who does this and that to my computer, but in the end, I blame Blogger .
5. There are only two four letter words that are offensive to men – ‘don’t’ and ‘stop’, unless they are used together.
But I can't. My situation is different too. I'm an established author with a very decided career plan, one that I work on every single day for eight hours a day. Self-publishing is not an option for me at this stage of my career. Perhaps later, if I reach a certain undefined level of success, I may self-publish my earlier works when the rights revert to me. Who can say?
I could leave and go do something else, but if I do that, I might never come back, and that thought frightens me. There is nothing that holds me here, nothing that forces me to stay, other than this blank page that needs filling. It is my choice to attempt to do that, and although I am more than willing, I still can’t come up with a subject that will interest me, let alone anyone else.
love of sumptuous arrangements, a delight in molding the exquisite
She bowed her head as she sobbed.
Examples: Anything with the words “Train” “System” “Attachment” “New” “Case” “Discipline” or “Sleep” in the title.
For those still following along. I'm gonna try and post a couple essays soon. Right now I'm getting out of a bad depression slump so I'll take a bit to come back. They may not be frequent but I got a bit burnt out at my previous rate. Stay tuned.
PS Yes I said A) and 2) Because that's funny to me and well, it's my blog and I say what's funny here
But, as luck would have it, I had to jog by the other side of the track. And there was another gate. And while this gate was closed, it was NOT locked.
store). This is a great introduction to using mixed media albums - Join us! Cost: $25
You know, he’s right. When I read the DOJ complaint, I did get that impression. You know why? Because that was their intent. And it worked. Remember all those stories a few months back about publishers’ profit margins increasing even in the face of declining revenues? How do you suppose that happened? Could it possibly have been consumers paying 30-50% higher ebook prices? And let’s not forget that a big part of the Agency strategy was to protect print profits, as well. Of course, this could just be a serendipitous coincidence for the publishers in question, right?
But don’t worry, the trip gets even seedier…
This is the perfect project for that wee one in your life or for a quick baby shower present. So here is a quick little tutorial for you all.
Just to give you an idea, she also hates leaving home to go just about any place else. We have to use very strong motivation to get her to go almost anywhere that isn’t home, including playing in the yard outside. Being in the house is comfortable and safe and stable. Things don’t change much. The lights, scents, colors, and textures don’t change at all. The sounds are within her control for the most part. Anywhere else, those things are out of control completely. There are only a few other safe places to her, but we still need to coax her to get to those places most times because of the transition it takes to get there.
So of course I couldn't leave out dessert. As I'm in a kitchen that isn't my own I thought I would go for something easy that didn't need baking but would still taste immense. I love cheesecake, I would eat it every day if my heart would allow so I made an extra indulgent one for the feast. Chocolate orange marbled popping cheese cake in fact!
I assembled all the cut pieces on my 4 card fronts and added pop dots to the backs of the embossed frames.
Thanks to the SoX authors for the perfect tool
First experiment: take the bigger felt-tip pen and lay it for 2 seconds first on the drawing sheet and later on the handkerchief. On which paper there's the bigger mark? obviously on the handkerchief that absorbs more ink than the normal paper.
With such a bounty of hot peppers, we also tried our hand at making a hot pepper and garlic paste, like a Thai green curry paste, to freeze and this proved to be a wonderful little condiment. I just added seeded and rough chopped Tiburon and Gypsy peppers to my hard-working blender, and then added in a handful of peeled fresh garlic and maybe a couple of tablespoons of olive oil and pulverized the whole thing until it was a light green, creamy consistency. A little salt and pepper and then I froze this hot pepper paste in 1/2 cup containers (as a little goes a long way!). It's a little watery when you thaw it, but you can drain it a bit before adding it to other ingredients.
This year, after much saving and planning, we decided we would take the plunge and go away for our first big vacation with the kids - before our eldest graduates and heads off to college next year. Because of the reality that this would probably be perhaps our only big vacation with the five of us, we decided a cruise would be the ideal way to see as many places as possible and be as stress-free as vacation planning can be. We got a great deal on a family cabin (a "Quint" cabin) aboard the Carnival Dream, and we booked our flights with the cruise line. We heard many reports that this wasn't the best route to go, but after price comparing with Travelocity and Kayak.com, we found they were giving us a better deal - one which included all transfers from the airport to the hotel (which was also included in the rate) and the ship.
love...
Part I: Art As A Language Game: Lamenting The Loss
Damn the synchronicity. It is after me I tell you. I will try again next week.
But look, Parisiennes wear colour too; do you prefer the pink velvet jacket or pants? And see the zebra bag at the bottom of the window, with a cyclamen pashmina nestled inside?
It was finally agreed the calf was dead inside and needed to be removed. The four of us got together in the barn, got Holly in the milking chute and did our best to get the calf out. He was not coming out on his own and nothing we could do was going to change that. He was what is known as 'Hip Locked', meaning the calf's pelvis was locked up against the cows. We finally gave up and called it off. We called the local guy who does meat processing and made final arrangements for the morning.
The best part is that he usually gets up about three a.m. and decides that he's sober enough to trail on home...flinging the front door open and not paying an iota of attention to my dogs. Given how drunk he was last night (which was VERY drunk, even by his standards), we couldn't pry him up off the couch and we also wouldn't go to sleep for fear of his releasing my Airedales in the middle of the night. So here I am, with a meeting in a few minutes and promotion folders to read afterward, and el zilcho sleep.
***I have been reading Fifty shades of Grey. Completely filthy and dirty, and I have been loving every minute of it. AND it is the first time I have read a book on my kindle, which I must admit, I love. Now it is in the news as Mommy porn, lol, and they are making a movie out of it! Omygeezh. How in the world they are going to make a movie out of what my eyes are reading is beyond me. I think I will stick to the book!
We are still house sitting for another two weeks and will keep working on JaM, polishing, cleaning, and waxing. Once our house-sitting gig is done, we will load up and head out. Oh! I can't wait. I have a list of anchorages I want to hit.
Annie Seaton
If you haven't already seen this clever and inspiring "End of Publishing" video from UK publisher Dorling Kindersley, go watch it right now.
I added two of the baskets that I had gotten from my baby shower to the bottom of the dresser, and then put up these two picture frames I picked up a little while back from Z-Gallerie. I'll put pictures in there before too long.
2. Seven Corners Burger: Our most popular burger… grilled ½ lb.
But the combination of exposure + lack of sleep = I got sick. I started showing signs Sunday afternoon. By Sunday evening, I was desperate enough to take sudafed, the drug that I don't care if everyone can buy and sell to meth labs as long as I don't have to be fingerprinted every time I'm congested. NOTE TO LEGISLATORS: Most of us just have a cold or allergies! And yet you treat us like criminals! Just legalize all drugs, remove children from unfit parents, which you're supposed to do anyhow, and leave the rest of us alone.
Maybe it’s just the fact that the mornings are darker and it’s harder to wake up. The nights are brighter, so I stay up later, and that makes the mornings even darker, and even more impossible. But, regardless, please take the damn bumper stickers off of your car, or please go and drive your car off a cliff. Whether or not you are in it as it travels off of said cliff, is entirely up to you. I will trust you to do the right thing.
As I thought more about that idea, it occurred to me that there might be several places where “doing amazing things” could get sidetracked…and those spots fit perfectly on the “wish it…dream it….do it….” cupboard door phrases….
She wanted to see more, so we wandered amongst the displays. Batik prints, ceramic plaques, paintings, drawings, colors and collages. This was not the Louvre, nor did it need to be. It did not want to be. It was while gazing upon a print of a tortoise, done in muted primaries on a burlap screen, that I felt a lump in my throat. At that moment with my daughter's hand in mine, surrounded by the collective joy of heartfelt creation made material, by the simple presence of Art, my knees went weak. There were momentary tears in my eyes. I looked down at my daughter who was taking great delight on pointing out new treasures.
The salad mix was distributed to 13 states with the potential for redistribution by customers to additional states.
So, I'd love to hear from all of you what you think. Enjoy!!
As I may have said before, I am relieved, even while being confused, when I get a message that doesn’t make sense to me. That means it’s unlikely that I’ve thought it up on my own– one check mark in the “probably genuine” column. This was one of those times. I heard something like, “Wait for the sound to occur, and then experience it as a complete entity.” To which I replied, “Huh?” I was sure I must have heard wrong. This answer didn’t seem to have anything to do with the question about phrasing, and besides, how could I wait for the sound to occur, since I had to produce it myself? I tried to clear the inside of my head, and carefully asked again, only to be given the same concept with slightly different wording.
It will be interesting to see how social discourse and literature play off of each other and how women will be portrayed in future fantasy novels.
Then, while calling CQ I monitored myself on another RX and heard my tones very distorted and breaking up! I wondered it was RF feedback, so killed the TX and plugged a speaker into the soundcard output and tried again. Still distorted & breaking up. I restarted the software and normal service was resumed. For a period, but I could still hear the occasional very short break in the audio, and after a while the distortion & noise returned. No other Datamode software has this problem, with either of the 2 soundcards, so I guess it's a bug in JT65-HF.
Draw an 8x10 rectangle on a sheet of parchment paper. Then flip the paper over onto a cookie sheet. This will keep the pencil/pen from touching the chocolate. Be sure you can see your rectangle once you flip the paper.
Thus I ended up in a waiting room filled entirely with people 65 and over, 16 pairs of shoes (12 orthopedic, 3 loafers; 3 all-white, 1 all-black; 2 all-velcro, all 15 slip-on; and my Nikes), and lackluster magazines (AARP, Fishing, Ladies Home Journal, Large Print Reader’s Digest, and my saving grace National Geographic).
I really want to do something about it.
I have a bridle with the cotton reins and leather 'markers' on them. I rode on the second marker before and it was too much contact for her. She is still learning to go forward and I need to let her. Instead I rode with the inside rein on the first marker and the outside rein on the buckle or first marker depending on how much slid through my hand. I am learning to let go and trust her, as she is learning to go forward and trust me.
obsessions: top chef, perfect mashed potatoes, reading
I had trodden on everyday
Secrets Of The Sacred White Buffalo by Gary Null PhD 1998 by Prentiss Hall
Chinese appliance maker Haier Group discovered that customers in one rural province used its clothes washing machines to do the task of cleaning vegetables. Hearing this, a product manager got company engineers to install wider drain pipes and coarser filters that wouldn’t clog with vegetable peels, and then added pictures of local produce and instructions on how to wash vegetables safely along with the product – a move that helped them win market share in China’s rural provinces.
Where: Applebee’s Neighborhood Grill & Bar (Near the Ridgmar Mall)
13And the children of Israel sent Phinehas, the son of Eleazar the priest, to the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the half-tribe of Manasseh, to the land of Gilead,
Scot Meacham Wood - It’s been kind of a two pronged effect. One of the reasons for my blog is to share the “things that inspire me.” Which means I need to find something that “inspires me” four to five times a week. I has certainly made me much more diligent about seeking out inspiration. “Eyes wide open. All the time.”
He most likely will need to earn the money to buy a new Coat,what a bummer.
Dark Shadows
Blythe Gifford offered a workshop on how to write it without being there. Blythe writes historical romance, which is not my genre. I’ve never been a fan of historicals, but I’ve always said that there are a few people who can lure me in with their beautiful words and stories. Blythe is one of those people. In addition to sharing how she does her research for her books so that they can be as historically accurate as possible, she talked about the role of setting, which isn’t something I’ve given a whole lot of thought to. My books are set in Chicago and especially for the first one, Chicago plays a role. I couldn’t turn it into a small town romance because it wouldn’t suit the story or the characters, but I never thought about how the setting influences my characters and shapes who they are.
I pass by a large triangular and newly dug up space of earth. A large home for flowers within this particular park. The local council gardeners are preparing the winter bedding. Pansy's and viola's are the order of the month. The colour and smell captures me nose and drags me away. The gardeners are standing around, leaning on spades and smoking!
One of my favorite things to do as a nanny is take my little one out for a walk in a wagon or stroller. I’m able to educate on the wonderful things the earth has such as birds, bees, flowers, dogs, squirrels, houses, etc. but sometimes the weather just won’t allow us to do so. It’s either too hot to have a great time, or too cold to even step out and grab the mail. I’m assuming many other nannies, and parents have had this same dilemma at some point in time. The team at orbitbaby.com knew just how solve a nanny’s problem like myself. Introducing the state of the art stroller G2. Prices at 750 bucks, you receive these features they listed on their site: 3DRotation™: ergonomically rotate-and-recline in one fluid motion
So after several minutes of staring at the blank page I resolved to just get started. I decided to just draw whatever it was I saw outside the window at that point as we flashed past. Anything that caught my attention, I would add that to my sketch. Sometimes I’d see a line of trees that looked pretty, sometimes a lovely river flowing in the sunshine and sometimes an interesting building… So the final sketch is a bit of an amalgamation of many different villages and areas of countryside from along the route. It was a very therapeutic exercise and I was actually quite pleased with the resulting sketch.
Morgana - Snowsheen (applied to inner corner/V with MAC 228 by patting)
But Fitzgerald is not worried about that. ”It is the date,” he stubbornly said.
We are all ready to settle down, relax and enjoy the company of family and friends.
It's widly "known" that losses are not genetic. Doctors say there is no way that the trait can be passed down from either parent. Yet, when you ask the board if any of their immediate family members have had a loss, more say yes than no.
40There died the best of passions, love and fame.
While the Cauliflower is cooking, Rinse one large Leek until clean, chop the "Bulb portion" and just a bit of the first greens......brown lightly in a "Pat of Butter" in a Large Stockpot.
We then arrange for them to come into our office and sign releases and being the payment. She comes in, dressed in a dress so tight that we're happy to see she's not carrying any concealed weapons.
How about you? Do you like autumn and winter?
The government also is seeking the forfeiture of the $559,040 Sueppel is accused of stealing.
Brights DSP stack
Rama! Of Course!
“no one appreciates what I do all day. I’m not the maid”
Breath it...softly
This is the era of the smiley icon, or the emoticon. It has become as important as the punctuation mark. In fact these days, you can do away with the punctuation, but not without a smiley icon – that is, if you don’t want to be misunderstood. If you’re making a joke, you just have to end it with a smiley. The “he-he”s and the “ha-ha”s don’t seem to cut it anymore. It seems to me that you can’t get the benefit of the doubt without decorating your sentences with at least one emoticon.
Today was his 3m appointment and he went from 9.11 to 10.5lbs. I didn't think it was alot but the ped is satisfied. Plus in the last few days he's been eating like he's never going to get more formula so if this keeps up, next month should be interesting.
Thank you so much for being part of my childhood and adulthood and everything in between. I owe a debt more than any letter sent via e-mail or post could say, and I'm sorry that it took bad news for me to send it.
Wishing: that I could fly all of my Hunger Games-loving friends here so we could all watch the premiere together. Due to my wisdom teeth surgery I'll probably have to wait until next week and I don't know if I can make it. I'm so excited about it and I am crossing my fingers the movie does the book justice.
A few other publications followed suit, including Brownstoner and The Real Deal. The part that is off-base is the completion date of Hotel Indigo, which is planned for 237 Duffield Street. Here are photos dated June 19, 2009. :
24. Do you hate anyone? No
and depressed
Serious writers know that writing fiction involves a lot more than sitting and typing. We must come up with ideas that have not been done and re-done a million times. We must dream up characters that are larger than life. We must agonized over plot structures and technical details.
To an at as opposed to an in?
Sort of anyway. Sometimes you just want a flavor combination or a certain taste sensation but don't have the ingredients to pull it off. Enter an insane desire for a gyro and house devoid of gyro meat, pita bread, tzatziki sauce and fresh tomatoes and one determined mother who is NOT going to the store and you get desperation vegetarian gyros. And I'll be damned if they weren't actually pretty good.
And of course, as always, we have our Gimme Kimmies Kits available for those of you who ‘need it all’!! The stamps are grouped together by artist and are available at a discount, but only for a limited time!!
I'm a 48 year old. I read YA literature. I write YA literature. I also read classics, literary fiction, mysteries, SF&F, thrillers, and poetry. Mr. Stein seems to believe that YA writing must needs be simplistic and one-dimensional. As if all writing for 'adults' is automatically better than that written for children and teens. I vehemently disagree. Mr. Stein feels that YA books don't (or can't) challenge one's thinking. I vehemently disagree.
“It’s small in comparison to what’s actually happening,” Crumpler said. “Whatever we uncover, there’s a lot more going on out there.”
This is the outside box it came with. Inside, there were also information about the particular type of wood used...
-How do they look this year?
My sister, a college English professor, routinely flunks students who she catches plagiarizing. And it's not just "kids" either. She's caught adults (who supposedly know better - one of them was a MINISTER, for cryin' out loud!) who think they can take someone's work and thoughts and vision and pass it off as their own.
Elvis had listened to Parker for nearly a decade of films and had transformed from the 1950’s rocker image to a wholesome family entertainer. While it made him wildly rich and mainstream; the movies and being part of the establishment didn’t make Elvis happy.
1/4 cup shredded low-fat Mexican cheese blend
Always full of every possible detail
and of course, it would have to have its own problem.
I am so very excited for tonight! A friend from church is having a small group of women over to her house for a class on healthy Chinese cooking! The small group class is offered by Sunny Chinese Kitchen. Check out the website- I think this is really cool! What's your fave Chinese dish?
But to hold a gun.
I love how you care
And here the dish got quite interesting for the average home cook. Eric had filled a huge cauldron with ice in which he embedded a pot. He tossed the diced hare into the pot and had us take turns drizzling the sauce on the hare while he continuously mashed and stirred the mixture with a spatula. When the mixture was quite cold and stiff he added the foie gras and a splash of truffle oil, worked it some more, and it was done.
"You had a row?" I say in my most concerned voice. "Everything OK now then?"
For a small establishment, this building has generated a lot of heat in the last two days. Know what it is? Roald Dahl's writing shed. It's not looking so good these days apparently. It is going the way of all sheds, when the Ronseal eventually fails to preserve them. Wood, like flesh, in the end will rot.
Five reasons why I hate running
If Mommy knows, she might get mad
But here's the good part! I've been given some coupons for FREE bottles of this stuff! And not the small, dinky bottles, either. These coupons are good for the BIG ones! This is good stuff here people!
In 1876, Joseph Henry Ray was born.
Tom: Kia, really? Monkeys?
I’m lonely.
A lie is at its most dangerous either when it is falsely cloaked as kindness or when it is so entrenched you can make men fear to disbelieve it, and that is the aim of political correctness. It ranks among the most malign of political weapons ever to be devised by evil men and it is being ruthlessly used against us.
On page 4 is a pull out supplement on Ian Beale’s relationships. For those not in the know, Ian Beale is a character on one of those gaudy, depressing prole-pits called soap operas. This is handy if you find Eastenders so confusing that you need a pictorial diagram in order to follow the current plot. Then, there’s a roundup of the latest reality TV, with many wonderful pictures of chiselled presenter, Phillip Schofield. His contributions to television are nothing short of fucking awful. Sorry no, what’s the word? Legendary.
- Historic steam beer produced in California from the mid-1800s to mid-1900s;
But this year, there will be no trip to St. Louis.
For a start his insight into composing a score and how it compares to writing a novel is thought-provoking. Earlier this year, I mused in this very space over the influence of music on the process of writing. On that occasion, however, I was focused more on the effect certain melodies have on authors, journalists or bloggers and less on the similarities that might exist between the score and the written word. Yet, Will goes one better. For him the symphonist and novelist share key artistic objectives: "The search for motifs, or themes, the creation of an alternative world in words, the struggle for authenticity of narrative voice, the counterpointing of different protagonists' views".
Dora's quip hung in the air between Rel and the Gift-Giver. Aren't you paying a little too much attention to Taslin's looks, Relvin? All he'd done was ask Taslin to cover up a bit more when they went into the town. For the fortnight of their journey, the Wilder had never been without at least some patch of bare skin, always provocatively placed, despite the chill early-spring weather and the obvious discomfort it caused her. It was as if she had given up on trying to win Rel over and instead settled for keeping him constantly uncomfortable.
On a side note, my worst move today was catching two pair on the turn, and losing to trip 4′s. I raised he reraised. I just don’t think about those things. I had top two pair. Trips are hard to gauge in Heads up because 99 times out of 100, the person isn’t laying down a pair pre-flop, so if you raise it ridiculous or just check, if the person is going to catch their trips, they are going to catch. I suppose it’s a beat that is going to happen from time to time. Even after he reraised I put him on at best 2 pair, or top pair with a high kick. I was wrong, as I said, I didn’t even think about trips. I don’t know. Is there any way to notice these things? Maybe the re-raise.. but doubtful. I think I made the right move regardless. Especially in heads up.
how episcleritis related to
he looked at his emaciated body and asked, “Do you believe in miracle?” “I
A little swipe of Gesso over all the embellies for that just got off the beach effect.
Having German partners right from the outset, our products have been formulated making them eco-friendly. Harmful solvents, diluents, softeners, etc are not used in our formulations.
Are you an open book to those closest to you? Are you real?
Being the artistic director of the company as well as the playwright meant I had plenty of distractions the day of opening – dealing with the reception and final marketing. It also means I’ve had to wear two hats during the process and ultimately worry about both the script and the production as a whole. Lots of support from our great team though!
9 p.m. Tired. Time for a nap. Fall asleep on fuzzy blanket.
New York- The NFL schedule was released yesterday, and no, I’m not going to start predicting games. It’s too early for that. What we can do is break down some of the more interesting games. It’s not the toughest, nor the easiest. It’s 20th in terms of strength overall. The one thing that will stand out is opening and closing the season against the Bills.
I've been to a few cons--mainly the ones held nearby, Boskone and Readercon, but also Capclave in DC. These are all larger cons and range in topic across the spectrum of the SF&F world. You might find panels on the writing craft, the writing business, talks on content related to SF&F (space travel, computer cryptography, folk tale history), or on SF&F media. What was different about Conbust is all about the philosophy of Smith College. The Conbust panels revolved around issues of gender, identity, and representation as it pertained to the SF&F world.
7. The Date
I seem to have been really busy this week without actually achieving very much. Do you ever have weeks like that?
Earn What You’re Really Worth by Brian Tracy ($25.99, Vanguard Press) is a practical program for getting to the top for today’s businessperson. Whether you work at an entry level position or aspire to the corner office, this book is about working smarter, gaining respect, and earning more. There’s a lot of pressure on everyone these days of high unemployment to either keep or secure a job. The author offers tested strategies for modern career advancement for employees who are undervalued by their companies, people in job transition situations, students who are entering the workforce, and, of course, those who are unemployed. It is a combination of a motivational book with one that provides insights to today’s workplace. Due out next month, the author of The 3 Power Values: How Commitment, Integrity, and Transparency Clear the Roadblocks to Performance ($32.95, Jossey-Bass) by David Gebler examines how the culture of the workplace can harm any business venture and why it is necessary to spot the signs that it is harming growth. He points to troubling shop talk that suggests workers believe they are just cogs in a machine, are working under a cloud of fear, and simply in a survival mode. This can happen to any company and can lead to costly problems when safety procedures are ignored or internal scandals occur. Removing roadblocks like inconsistent policies and bad managerial attitudes keep employees from applying the right values to their jobs. It is filled with good advice to keep everyone happy, motivated, and on the right track so that everyone enjoys the feeling of success. Snap: Seizing Your Aha! Moments by Katherine Ramsland ($25.00, Prometheus Books) is not just about business, but it surely applies in that area. The author examines how sudden flashes of inspiration have triggered many discoveries and inventions throughout history, offering a fascinating overview of the latest neuroscience thought processes or “snaps.” She explains that snaps are much more than new ideas. They are insights plus momentum, often occurring after ordinary problem solving hits an impasse. When the brain “reboots”, the solution can suddenly pop into our heads. Written in an accessible, jargon-free narrative, it can jump-start your problem solving skills.
Oct 1 – The Picador – Iowa City, IA (Headlining)
I overheard a Crayon Box
Up until now the Kepler science team has been very hush-hush about the results coming in, but the rumor mill has been churning with whispers that several Earth-like planets are expected to be announced in a matter of months, and most astronomers I know are waiting with bated breath. With such an announcement looming on the horizon, announcing an Earth-like planet now is good opportunity to tap into this building excitement.
Lunch: To utilize our meal plan we will be eating Vegetarian at Blue Coast Burrito on campus by eating salads or burritos with no meat and no cheese. We are going to let Eli get quesadillas, though, with cheese. Our burritos will be a tortilla, rice, beans, peppers and onions, mushrooms, pico de gallo, guacamole, lettuce and tomato.
Asiana can arrange for you to be picked up, taken to the spa and greeted with everything you need to get started. Find yourself cocooned in the most tranquil environment with those that mean the most to you. You will leave feeling relaxed and ready to step into your new life as a wife.
And I want you to know
The shape of your hands--
Yep, I sure am. 'Cause after blogging for about two years I finally clicked on the "Compose" button on top of a posting window and found this method of posting. Previously I posted under the "Edit Html" button. So now if I want to have text
8. Pack your lunches, snacks and water-bottle when hittin’ the town.
Lourdes Venard, a Long Island, N.Y., newspaper editor, also freelances and teaches an online copyediting course. She’s edited mystery, science fiction, memoirs and nonfiction. You can find more information on editing and self-publishing at her website, www.commasense.net.
But of course leftists would come to the defense of a sociopath or an atheist…but a Christian?
UGH!!!!!!!! UGH TIMES TEN!!! So I'm really excited to go to my OB appt tomorrow and see what she thinks and if there's something else I can take/do to put me out of my misery. The only blessing is that Caroline has still been moving a lot so I'm not quite as worried about her as I was yesterday (being this sick makes me very nervous about how she's feeling in there, you know?). Part of me wishes my OB would be like "you're full term, you're sick, let's go ahead and take her out early!" - okay, a lot of me wishes that. Except that I don't think it would really be feasible to recover from a c section while I'm coughing like this - I'd tear the incision apart, probably, right? - so that's not really practical.
“If there is one word for the mood of Friedrich’s pictures it is “longing”: the desire, never satisfied, to escape from the secular conditions of life into union with a distant nature, to be absorbed in it, to become one with the Great Other, whether that other is a mountain crag, an ancient but enduring tree, the calm of a horizontal sea, or the stillness of a cloud.”
So we figured, why not do some of our photos at a boathouse??? We've never seen that done before!
Flour Fusion Show, Lake Elsinore
3) Changes to government employee retirement contributions within Act 10 could lower tax revenue increases by $40 million per year starting this year. This is due to the fact the contributions can be made pre-tax as opposed to post tax.
Hilarity aside, we do of course take the service we offer to our guests seriously. Our aim is to ensure that they have a comfortable and delightful stay and return home refreshed. Hubby and I always want our guests to feel at home in our B&B, and the bonus comes when we find common ground with our guests, enjoying fun, laughter, sharing and chats together. Now, this is the reason why we continue to do what we do – and the reason why we still enjoy running our B&B.
Being a soldier is a difficult job in many ways.
And..we have used Velveta and a can of Rotell ( extra hot pls) to do this
Best Documentary Feature Film
As Joseph was a walking
Savannah looked at me, deadpan, and was about to tell me to get a grip when a group of her girlfriends came over, giggling and talking and they all ran off toward the diving board. Being the completely sensible, logical, non-freak-outish mother I am, I sent Lexi to spy on her. Then I sat down to design Savannah's future bathing suit.
is slow
Each year this event has some sort of theme (don't ask me why, I can't actually remember anymore!! It just does OK!), we've had top ten films, desert island discs, top 10 debut albums etc etc. This year, E. F Rice hit on the genius idea that we all create a CD made up of your favourite tunes from the last 12 months, burn enough copies for everyone and then dish em out. The rules were simple, all of the tracks had to either:
And sadly returned empty handed.
Narrator You’d better go quickly, otherwise the gardener will come back. Off to the shed then.
I would to like to ask you that if you feel like there is something close to you that you would like to talk about, or to be talked about. Then please contact me as I am always looking for topics to write about as you can tell its something that I enjoy alot.
1/4 c. powdered dry milk
Dat O’Malley’s some kinda hoople.*
Daily Show just a bit ago.
and if you find it hard to stick the flourishes down use a staple...stops all that sticky glue going everywhere and it looks pretty good too...!
Things took on and then one day – on the 9th of April in 2008 – the first egg hatched and out came something tiny, with golden-yellow “hair”, a big head, huge feet, some strange huge eyes which still could not see, a wonderful living creature that changed our lives completely. This was Willy, our “first born”….
Last night we decided to branch out, and instead of the usual fairy cakes smothered in smarties, dolly mixtures, sprinkles, chocolate buttons and marshmallows, we opted for something a little more sophisticated.
In the studio, I can interact with the sitter, ask them to move this way or that, adjust the lighting and alter the background. But when it comes to musicians on stage, I have no control over any of these things. They move about, the lighting is often poor and constantly changing, the background usually interferes rather than compliments, and when there are more than one of them on stage, they tend to either spread out – leaving huge uninteresting spaces between them – or obscure each other with bits of instruments or entire bodies.
I have been “different” for as long as I could imagine; I attributed it to many things, to my being adopted, to my excessive shyness, to the fact that I felt from a fairly early age that I preferred women to men but there was more to it than that. It almost felt as if my brain operated differently from other peoples’; my social skills, no matter how I tried and tried to improve them, through going to parties, public speaking classes and many other techniques improved only slightly. I had obsessive thoughts which I couldn’t control and my moods didn’t seem to have anything to do with what was going on on the outside.
My skin tingled in warning as his gaze intensified.
The best-remembered defaults are those after wars and revolutions: Russia and Germany in 1917-19, China in 1949, Russia again in 1998. But the key thing to note is that these are atypical: almost all sovereign defaults are the result of changes in the directional and quantitative flow of loans compared to previously.
It was later overturned following the public outcry.
William Cohan, the author of several Wall Street-related books and a former Lazard investment banker, said MF Global was acting as if the 2007-2008 crisis never happened: "You would have to be living under a rock if you didn't get the message of the financial crisis."
I let that settle onto my barely conscious brain and said "soti rutaph jfhah."
I highly recommend trying the sake, as well as the great craft beer.
39. Spring has not hit my part of the country yet.
but later i found him in the carpark.
7: A list of “anti-environment” personalities was made public for the first time today. Topping the list were Vicky Belo and Manny Calayan who were accused of turning celebrities into ‘plastics.’
Wow! This last month has been ker-raiz-zee! Crazy! Not so much at home or in my personal life, but work has been nuts! But that’s really not what I want to talk about. Moving on…
A couple of the cars I’d assumed were thus and so leaving for the aircraft plants or whatever in Wichita, weren’t who I’ve been thinking they were. Which isn’t a big surprise. I started losing track when the real estate agent’s daughter was incapacitated in a vehicle accident.
So since writer-director Bill Condon is gay, as is producer Clive Barker (of Hellraiser fame), Whale’s homosexuality is a large focus of this movie. The movie is slow-moving and has a sort of low-key tone to it that some might find boring, but I found it to be a moving and well-written character study (the film won the Best Adapted Screenplay Oscar). The film does use clips, primarily from Bride of Frankenstein, in addition to some re-enactments of moments on the set of the film. Whale’s past as a soldier and as an impoverished young man in pre-World War I are explored briefly in flashbacks. The real treat of the movie is seeing McKellen (nominated for an Academy Award for the role, as was Redgrave) fully embody his character. The man is a pro and watching him work is amazing. I think I might have enjoyed Condon’s later biopic Kinsey a little more, but this one is worth seeing especially if you are a fan of the Monsters Whale’s mind brought to life.
“We have two other sites in Hilton, which were put in retrospectively and then continuously expanded, despite recommendations by the public to the contrary.
4 - ERSLEV rug - $29.99/6'7"x4'7". This is the perfect neutral rug for my bedroom. The dark red color mirrors the burgundy accent wall while contrasting the beige/gold sponge finish on the rest of the walls. It also helps ground the bed in the room, which is a rather offset shape.
3. Stereotypes/Archetypes
I rely on Ravelry to "remember" so much of my crochet/knitting stuff for me-- and yet I hadn't joined or wasn't active on Ravelry until I'd been crocheting a little while. Well, I just now finally remembered Flickr. There are a few photos on Flickr to remind me of the timeline. I was making my ugly variegated granny squares in the summer of 2008. About a year later, I tried to remember the pattern and practiced making granny squares again. However, I don't think I really loved granny squares-- didn't know how to switch colors, saw them more as practice than part of a real project I wanted to complete-- and so they fell by the wayside. A couple of months later (September 2009), I was making ugly dishcloths. (g) Then I think I tried a scarf pattern that I thought looked easy, but turned out to be almost entirely the lover's knot stitch-- which I now realize was a very poor choice for a beginner! After that, I made the Luna Lovegood Scarf (October 2009), and everything finally began to click. (Whew!)
The writing has been flowing like it hasn't done in ages. Not being a morning person, there is something about there being light through the curtains when I wake up that makes it so much easier to get up and get to work. My red binder has been filling up with pages that I print out as I write and rewrite, and rewrite, and rewrite...
Looking at the new things I ordered and re-familiarizing myself with the history of Yves Rocher makes me remember why I’d loved it so long ago. This may just be the push I needed to rediscover my love of Yves Rocher. In fact, I think I’ll stop by next time I pass it at the mall.
(The Montanists believed in ecstatic spiritual experiences and end-of-the-world prophecies.) Justinian also built church sanctuaries, including the breathtaking Hagia Sophia (Holy Wisdom).
Appearing at the New York University School of Law on Tuesday night to discuss the 40th anniversary of the first baseball strike and the rise of the players' association, the 95-year-old former union head spoke for 68 minutes and delivered a blistering criticism of corporate pay.
and I imagine his arms around me.
Be bold. Put the word out. Then fill the tank, and go.
Is this what you've been saying?
Check out the links below for Fatty Gets A Stylist:
Quarter 1 Measure: Leauxra went to work.
properties:..contains absinthine, bitterish glucose, vitamins B6 and C. Treatments:..Digestive tonic,liber insufficiency, anxiety and gout.
Yuck!
02 The First Date
I don't mean to make this post resemble a travel brochure, but I can't help but love Bass Performance Hall.
Triple Chocolate Bars
2nd Place (Chosen by DT) - Any Little Darling, Cutie Pie stamp of the winners choice and Top 3 Badge.
Existing as our own specific solution."
So Thursday night we were catching up on some shows on DVR when Joe's phone rings. Now it is 10:45 at night, so I am assuming it is my BIL Scott. That doesn't end up being the case, the man on the other end is speaking rather loudly and in a thick Spanish accent and I can hear every word. Let me tell you it I started laughing so hard that I cried, here is the conversation:
“I need to go with you when you pick out the clothes,” she said.
The eleven Iraqis captured in Mexico are not terrorists. No bombs, no jihad. Just some fervent Christian prayers that they won’t be sent back to die. Here’s the bare bones story, from a UPI report in The Washington Times:
With the advent of spring I want to make another one.
Ang was promoted to sales manager in 1981. The following year, he was posted to Sarawak and appointed Kuching branch manager. In 1989, he was made northern states manager, overseeing branches and dealers within Penang and Kedah.
I found myself playing a little different approach from what I did in practice, and did not detect any mistakes at all. Maybe if I heard it played back I would be critical of my part somewhere along the line. I don't know. I forgot to bring my flip cam.
Talk it up.
Card Stock: PTI Kraft, Rustic Cream
1 Corinthians 10:1-22 (NASB) For I do not want you to be unaware, brethren, that our fathers were all under the cloud and all passed through the sea;
This swim: 17 lengths!!! AH!
So what we got here ladies and gentlemen is a film that got a lot of bad press before it even got out. Not sure exactly why this happened, could it be that both films speak about environmental issues and bash on the way the governments of the world are running things? Could it be that fictional bad press is created to bring these types of movies down? This kind of situation kind of reminds me of what happened to John Carter (2012), another environmentally friendly film, that spoke about a new form of cleaner energy, and that also criticized governments and society. It also got bad press even before release and it wasnt even a bad film. Maybe the powers that be want films of this nature to flop so the create bad press around them? Things to think about, it wouldnt be the first time that the publics opinion is manipulated by the powers that be. Ultimately, sometimes people like to see the big guy go down, in fact, they love seeing it happen. Just look at Britney Spears, she was big for a while, then she was shot down by the very same people who made her. People love bad news more than good news. Reynolds himself said in an interview he did for Den of Geek.com: “People were so hungry for bad news, because it was so much more exciting. They just said it, and it hurt us” Reynolds own take on Waterworld? “I don’t think it’s any better or worse than most summer blockbusters, it’s somewhere in the middle. I think yeah, it’s certainly got its faults, but I think, you know, on another level it works quite well compared to some of the other big films. By the end, people, they wanted it to be a disaster. And in fact, Lou Wasserman, who was head of MCA at the time, he said that he thought the bad press on the picture cost us 50 million at the box office.” So folks, after all is said and done, the evidence tells us that Waterworld was unfortunately a film that for some reason the press chose to kill, same as many celebrities they zero in on and whose careers and lives they destroy. I say this film needs to be given a second chance and seen for what it was never seen as upon its original release: an enjoyable action adventure flick, and one of the most impressive post apocalyptic films ever made.
We sat on the south/east side of the train so unfortunately many of my photos have strong reflections from the inside of the train, or are washed out with the bright sun, but I captured a little of the feel of the ride.
Surgery lasted a little less than an hour and they did remove both the tonsils and adenoids...he was not a happy child when he woke up and after an hour and a half I finally convinced the nurse to let us go home even though he hadn't drank anything, simply because he was livid about being there....we finally got home around 5:30...the poor boy couldn't sleep, tried to drink, but it hurt, tried eating but too painful so I gave him his pain meds about a half hour early and he finally fell asleep around 7:30. I'm praying he sleeps for a while and wakes up feeling better.
His soul swooned slowly as he heard the snow falling faintly through the universe and faintly falling, like the descent of their last end, upon all the living and the dead.
Tears get filled in his eyes,
Michelle Rowen tackles the concept of angels, demons, Heaven and Hell admirably. I think that this is the first time I’ve ever read a book about angels where there wasn’t a specific religious ideology behind it. It was set up perfectly so that there was no clear cut line between who gets to become an angel in the afterlife and who becomes a demon. In fact, it’s presented that there’s an eternal war for soul currencies between Heaven and Hell, which is rather a unique twist on things, in my opinion, and serves to blur the line between good and bad.
The nine-judge panel heard the arguments before a standing-room- only crowd in an auditorium at Texas Wesleyan School of Law in downtown Fort Worth.
“If I could get another chance
68. Ole Staveteig - Wish You were Here (5:34)
Let's change that graph. Romney and the Republicans in 2012 is the best hope of that.
Footeater doesn’t get any beard tugging – he spends far too much time running away from who he is and trying to be someone he’s not, and it’s painful to watch. Perhaps he'll mature into something amusing this year and be worth a tugged beard a the end of 2006, but I won't be holding my breath.
As with everything else today, this post has a Shakespearean theme to it.
landed on one of those roads, and looked
I already discussed this in the Aspiring Writers post – the right mindset it crucial if you want to reach your writing goals and become a successful writer.
Shak also visited the property with an associate and vociferously pushed
because if brightness lives in all our souls
My friend’s mom wouldn’t let her go on a walk at 8pm on a Saturday with a group of 4 friends (several of whom were trained in martial arts, mind you) because she was afraid her daughter would get hurt. She watched over her via iPhone, texting her nonstop– the invisible leash, or so it seems.
5. Betsey Johnson bag (I have this one!! It's one of my favs ever!)
b. You laugh so hard, cheese comes out both nostrils
management, medicine, and many other fields.
I'm falling even more in love with you
Writer: Laura Lau, based on the original screenplay for 2010′s The Silent House by Oscar Estévez
either. It
April 28 Mexico City, MX Foro Sol
The NAACP released a statement late Monday condemning Sherrod's admission.
"God? You can't be serious! All I know about that man is he played a crucial part in ending the English slave trade! You can't be serious!"
That's why there must be an explicit right to confront forensic evidence and those who come up with it at the level of detail exhibited here, or else an affidavit purporting to interpret evidence becomes precisely as credible as the piece of paper which reads only "Trust us, we're the government." Misreading the graph because somebody was too cheap to use a color printer sounds like a segment out of Reno 911!, except this was a real defendant who a Travis County court tossed in jail over the error. I hope the guy didn't lose his job.
P.S. A quick note on the Bluegrass Boys featured in the clip above: The banjo player is a very young Bobby Hicks, who is taking a break from his usual fiddling duties and playing Monroe’s own Vega banjo. Jackie Phelps— normally the banjo player at the time— is on guitar, and Ernie Newton is playing bass with a “brush bass” attachment that he invented. For the truly obsessive viewers who are dying to know, the announcer at the beginning is Faron Young.
I used an image from Retro Cafe Art Gallery that's one of Debrina Prat's Land of Enchantment sheets. I really like this particular sheet--its a lot of doors and passageways which I think made interesting textures when transferred--which is what I did with it.
The world felt extremely unfair at that moment, so what is a grown man to do? I went and made a batch of margaritas and spent the rest of the day silently toasting my first true love.
Having recently become a Viewpoint Business Development Partner covering Arizona, Colorado and New Mexico, it was a strategic decision for me as well. Serving the construction industry here since 1996 Hagen Business Systems, Inc. has transitioned from a construction accounting reseller to the construction solutions “go-to” resource in the Southwest offering consulting, software solutions, and technology updates being frequently asked to speak at industry conferences and events.
The past couple of months have been all about podcasting and a bit about making videos. As a writer enchanted by the myriad possibilities of enhancing text in the digital age, this is so exciting! Thanks to Ruben Pacheco . . READ MORE
The opening sequence to Dirty Harry is meant to create suspense and make the audience want to know what happens in the end of the film, whether or not the protagonist catches the antagonist and all is sorted out in the world. It sets the whole scene of San Fransisco in 1971 and that it is a cop thriller, and sets the characterization, the cool, slick protagonist, and the antagonist, psycho killer, and uses music to help to explain both the main characters and their main roles in the film.
"Often they would not truly realise the full benefits of old friends until their dying weeks and it was not always possible to track them down. Many had become so caught up in their own lives that they had let golden friendships slip by over the years. There were many deep regrets about not giving friendships the time and effort that they deserved. Everyone misses their friends when they are dying."
Friday evening we took a taxi to a small pub called the Swan.
Even the developed democracies are sounding their doubts about multiculturalism.
For starters the ‘crime’ under the microscope here is not murder and it is rare and refreshing for a crime novelist to look at some of the other crimes if betrayal can even be classified as a full-bodied crime; certainly most European countries have decriminalised adultery. That doesn’t mean this book is without any felony – there are several including assault, invasion of privacy, defamation, illegal entry – but the word ‘crime’ itself only appears three times and even there it’s talking about how betrayal is not a crime. Betrayal was nominated for the Glass Key Award for the best Nordic crime novel in 2004 and has since become a bestseller across Europe but what this book does to good effect is use the format of the crime novel to attempt to dissect the nature of betrayal. The Collector would not be considered a crime novel but it most certainly is and if this book were marketed differently it could slip onto the contemporary fiction shelves and hold its own, but I doubt it would have been read by a fraction of the people who have read it otherwise.
My name is Baekhyun. My real name is Byun Baekhyun.
The first time I left a comment on his blog, he promised me one thing... that he will try not to be boring. And he wasn't.
1 drip
It's not simple. My friends who grew up here handle it better. But we were at a dinner party recently, and I was chatting to an Ethiopian woman in her late twenties.
1/4 t onion powder
We arrived and she walked up the red carpet entrance to the party a smile a mile wide on her little face. Tonight, she is happy and confident, these friends are not school friends, in fact no one from her school will be there. These are dancing friends and together they go through the trials and tribulations of competing, consoling each other when they do badly and celebrating with and for each other when they do well. Their love of dancing is what brought them together and what keeps them together. It is wonderful to see them being so supportive of each other, they are all still only ten or eleven yet they can empathise when one of them does not get placed in a competition, they have all been there at one time or another, some more often than the others.
And, fourth week of two blog posts a week!
Theme Park or Water Park
75. Felt like killing someone? - See #10.
well. I'd say that most of the challenges come from having lived such a
1 dearly
Messages of support and birthday wishes are circulating the Internet through the likes of Facebook and Youtube.
anyway, here is a little taste of what i've done so far:
“FAITH!!” Rela’s strangled cry would fill the air with sorrow. She was only thirteen. And now she had a whole lifetime to live.
Stood at the helm and cleft the flood profound:
Then again, I am writing in English.
When you survive an attack, for most people there are all the usual feelings of fear, shame, embarrassment, and anger, but for me I also felt completely demoralized and an enormous amount of guilt.
Sight of All Light Tracklisting:
Normally I avoid mentioning politics here on StormBringer as it generates Dark Energy within me. However, we are entering into a political season the likes of which we may not have seen since the insanity of the 1968 Presidential elections, and so I address it from a security point of view. Strange players are marshalling their forces, maneuvering into position for what could become a perfect storm of chaos, confusion and extreme political violence.
This region lies north and west of Glasgow, so, in true nautical tradition we set off Eastward, then North-East, tacking by way of the roads toward Inverness first. Then Northward onto the Black Isle.
Don't give up on me.
On this project, the little chipboard letter picked up color very differently than the Wood flower. I used the same purple on the letter that I did on the flower. Not the same looking though! I had to dab in a bit of RV29 to tone the purple so it was more pink/purple like the wood showed, since the glossy paper of the letter and the absorbent wood flower take in color in different ways.
What’s Better then saying goodnight to a room full of parrots, at least you’ll sleep knowing that there are a roomful of voices (not inside your own head) that really care if you have a good or bad night.
So to start I thought I'd share a picture of the boys with 'sugar plums dancing in their heads' Nolan sleeping next to the really big dinosaur book
I took it and had a sip. He walked over to the TV cabinet holding on while he slipped off his boots and said Drink it all.
Not that waiting for an arriving flight is the same as defending the country, although if we fail to find our customer at the airport some of them are prone to starting WW III. That's the stress. It is fear of something going wrong, for which we are blamed. Most people are pretty quick off the mark with a phone call to The Boss if something goes wrong. That tees him up ready to take a swing at us, notwithstanding that we've done everything right.
The Last Sweet Days of Isaac?
Buttermilk (1 cup) - 1 T vinegar or lemon juice and enough milk to make 1 cup (let it sit for a few minutes before using)
150 gm Unsalted butter
So we were up early and enjoyed a beautiful ferry ride to the Magic Kingdom, my favorite park :-) I think the girl's like this the most too.
* Check cart balance by lifting the shafts. In a loaded or unloaded cart, there should be only 1 lb of pressure (may be a little heavier depending on the weight of the shafts). Any weight that is heavier than the weight of the shafts indicates that the cart is unbalanced or improperly hitched.
And, just as the police response to the final damburst of information about the Mark Kennedy/Ratcliffe affair was to throw some blame on to the Crown Prosecution Service, so Stephenson has lost no time in waving an accusatory finger at David Cameron. He points out that the Met's man Wallis had left the News of The World without a hint of impropriety, whereas Cameron's man Coulson - Wallis' boss - had been forced to resign because of the phone hacking scandal. The implication is that if Stephenson had to go, it counts doubly for Cameron.
8. News (the ''private investigations experiment'' outro only)
**Please note in the picture above that the left hole is left without the ribbon - this is an end flag.
Najib has denied ever knowing Altantuya but according to the Bala, the Malaysian PM not only knew Altantuya but had had an affair with her before ‘passing’ her over to his adviser and close friend Razak Baginda.
It is out of control. No doubt we all read about the angry father who sued Target for outing his teen daughter's pregnancy. Did you miss this event? The short version is Targets data base collated the information that Daughter was no longer buying personal products, was no longer buying anything with perfumes and was buying a new type of vitamin. Thus the analysis at TargetDataCentral deduced this "guest" was pregnant. Target then mailed her their congratulations along with discount coupons for baby nursery furniture, layette items and diapers. Dad was initially furious at Target for insulting his daughter and harming her good name. Ultimately this dad was horrified to learn Target knew what he did not. His teenage, unmarried, high school attending daughter was pregnant. Target had "outed" her pregnancy.
We inherited a 'proper' greenhouse here at Beyond the Nook. J and I joke that he got the greenhouse he always wanted , and I got the hallway I always wanted!
Holli was all attitude and all hotness in her desire to experience the world sans ink. And who gets to do her? Gabriel frigging Byrne... No wonder everyone swore that guy was Keyser Soze. But just look at Holli... I'm guessing now you understand why so much ink has been spilled from guy's meat pens proclaiming that when it comes to Holli Would, they DEFINITELY would if they could.
into the street in my Manolo Blahnik's
I find lots of fault with myself and if I'm in a really emotionally-tired mood, I start going back into the past and beating myself up over dumb mistakes. This is good times for sorrowfilled.
baking sheet and coat the balls
by the accidental high
All the offences allegedly occurred between July last year and June 5 this year.
Here are a few of my most humiliating mistakes, and those of others for you to enjoy...
Hope the sun is shining with you ... it is here, so I'm determined to vanquish my weeds in the front garden today!
They undermined the rise of Nationalism across Europe.
Ask for help. There is probably no way you can do it all yourself. For the CHRONAL ENGINE launch, friends were gracious enough to lend coolers; take pictures; help with carrying refreshments and coolers out to the store; pick up the refreshments from Central Market; and bring stuff back afterwards.
So, the mark of an Apostle according to 2 Cor 12:12 – signs, wonders and miracles.
Lightfoot was drunken minstrel of incredible talent. Unlike Fogelberg and MaClean, he wasn't there to serenade you with elaborate prose. Lightfoot kicked ass... acoustically. You might say he was the Chuck Norris of folk music - prone to using expletives (see Seven Island Suite) and straight up murdering your ass (see Sundown).
Surprise gift
It won't be long till Spring steps up to greet me
Maybe this isn’t the best tribute to a man who survived the Holocaust and inspires me in my darkest hours to keep on keeping on. However, in some sense he must have gone through this phase of going for no other reason than to go, in order to get back to going for a purpose. Because he chose to define a life of meaning he was able make this transition. Even when life was sucky. (Which when you survive concentration camps, sucky is an Understatement.) His purpose? Love.
Phantoms In The Sky: Ghostly Pilots, Aircraft And Haunted Airfields
and for beginners...
The journey continues
I did buy and send a book about adoption to my phone. I’ll make the phone calls I need to make when I can.
I like the book, I just haven't had the time to read it.
Surprise!: WR, Michael Floyd
No I don’t, I’ve just ended my next album that is coming back to the roots of this conceptual idea of what is supposed to be an album for me. I love the idea that an album can be considered a a whole piece like a movie. We got so much offer about music that it make sense more than ever to offer some real strong concept.
Yup Valentines day this year was oozing with declarations of love for my little squidgens and their papa bear. My mission was to go overboard and I smashed all expectations.
:: Warmth and Love, Fights and Forgiveness. Yes. There's lots of that too.
I had the pleasure of meeting Aaron Shust in October when I was in Pennsylvania, and his music is incredible! I'm posting a video below of Aaron performing "My Hope Is In You." I think the song and the story go so well with this message of hope.
The CD contains a narration of the story with all the sounds and music that go with it, the musicians warming up, tuning, rehearsing and finally playing the pieces. At the end of the CD, the works are performed in their entirely by the Iceland Symphony Orchestra conducted by their principal conductor, Rumon Gamba.
Nothin' Can Stop This Burnin'
He still hadn’t answered my question.
Each human life is precious beyond measure.
As a worship leader of a church, I am constantly looking for new ways to improve the quality of the sound reproduction for instruments. I’m not one who reads tech sheets. I have to experience it for myself. I don’t really care how many people are using the product. I have to convince my ears.
This is cool in so many ways. First of all, the year of the dragon is a very special year. The dragon is the only mythical animal in the Chinese zodiac and is considered a wise and benevolent creature. Because it is a water dragon, it means the year should be calmer than other dragon years.
I heart all of this!
Maybe that's the problem. Perhaps Mo needs to up the amount. Who really gives a damn about winning the Mo Ibrahim award (with sniggers from other African leaders and talk of being a goody goody just an added deterrent) and a cash prize of just under R40m to blow? You can get multiples of that just by buying aircraft we don't need from the Brits.
(Make sure your email address is in the comment or is easily accessible via your blog profile or blog itself. I need to be able to contact you!)
Fifth Quadrant Analytics
You may be wondering who this is, what with the prison email address and what not. It's me, Martin! Or as I am currently known, prisoner CH8299 (I'm also known as 'Punchbag' but I'm not overly keen on this moniker to be honest). That's right, you've guessed it (apologies if you haven't, SPOILER AHEAD as they say on the superinternet)I'm in prison!
Hooray for Blogging.
“Do
Ring finger - whiteboard :D
There are 59 photographs in the exhibit, of which a few were displayed on canvas, with the majority in the photographic traditional manner, as a framed and matted print. The winning entries were categorized into three categories, beginning with Daniel Berman’s founders choices, winners for their specific use of a photographic application, and the third section based upon a specific subject matter categories, as ‘Beach Life’, ‘Self-Portrait’ and so forth.
I'm just done with it. I'm done feeling like a failure when I grow my entire garden from organic, open-pollinated, heirloom seeds purchased from reputable local farmers and seed banks EXCEPT for my tomatoes which I buy as successfully hardened off seedlings ready to go right into my garden to grow 50+ pounds of fruit per plant for me.
OK, so that's my way of explaining why I haven't been around much. "Stuff" has been happening. Oddly enough, it's not as easy to restart as I thought. The longer the break, the more difficult it is.
If we invite Christ to live within us then we would not need rules to tell us to be generous, to love our neighbour, to forgive and bless as we would naturally be transformed. When we confess our sins, attend Mass in a state of grace, receive communion and read the scriptures with an open mind, then we cannot remain the same. We should no longer wish to commit adultery, harbour resentment or tell lies. If I go to Mass or say the rosary purely out of habit or obligation then I may not be open to graces that are offered.
Climate change is primarily driven by nature. It has been true in the days of my father and his father and all those that came before us. Because of science, not junk science, we are slowly uncovered some of the fundamental mysteries of nature.
How can she trust that he's not throwing away their lives, when the past few years all he's been focused on was building his empire, and now he wants to trash it all and finally work on their marriage? Fortunately, Julia's got a thriving party planning business of her own, but will it be enough if she decides she cannot stay with Michael now that he's going to give it all away? And will she want to stay with Michael after the years he's been absent in her life? He's asking her for the next three weeks to prove his love to her. Can she give it to him? And what will she discover in those three weeks?
"It is envisaged that this will be completed during June this year, at which stage the minister (Steve Tshwete) will review his decision as well as the frequency and format of statistical release."
At first, she said I should try to get some sleep and call to check in at 7 a.m. But after we talked, Kara must have thought twice about the “leakage” and consulted with Lori. They decided that I should go to Mercy so Kara could check the fluid- if it was amniotic fluid and my water was broken for over 24 hours, there’s a risk of infection… and no birth center birth. Jake and I packed up the car with our bags and my birth ball
The cupcake craze may be on the decline, but true to form, I'm chasing after the bandwagon as it rolls downhill. It's not that I was oblivious to the trend; after all, my meet-up spot of choice in Minneapolis was a bakery/café called Cupcake. Quite frankly, I find paying close to $3 apiece a tough crumb to swallow. But if someone else is treating . . . well, that's a whole 'nother bowl of batter.
Catwalk shows will take place outside House of Fraser throughout Saturday and Sunday, with a dedicated children’s fashion show on Saturday afternoon, and all shows are completely free. Brands who have previously sent their high street collections down the catwalk include Monsoon, Mango and Ted Baker, above, and this season the likes of Warehouse, French Connection and New Look will be joining them. For details and show times, click here.
Edgar Watson Howe said, ”Everyone has something ancestral, even if it is nothing more than a disease.” That’s true even in my case, former family member of a criminal, with most of her possessions tainted by crime. If I had something my parents had given me, that I’d inherited, I got to keep that stuff too.
Well, imagine my surprise when I rolled across another Demoniac themed Archie story. This one is from a Sabrina comic called Chilling Events in Sorcery as told by Sabrina (1972). Naturally, one can expect some supernatural themes in a Sabrina comic, so no surprises there. However, you'll soon see that shit gets outta hand quick like.
Keni
Sullivan has an easy and often humorous writing style, the characterization is well-rounded, and the story was compelling enough to keep me burning through the pages. But for all that the book was rather light and giggly, the ending was somber and poignant. I think it was pretty realistic, and I give Sullivan props for crafting a story of teenage fun and rebellion that ends with a heavy dose of reality, given that they are young women in a time period where young women have few choices and fewer rights. Some readers may scoff at the frivolity of the tale, but I'm all for anything that gets teens interested in history, and I think this has a lot of appeal for its target audience.
First I went to Target and bought a Sunbeam Panini Maker!
In Unit 2 and Unit 3 fresh water is being continuously injected into the reactor pressure vessel through the fire extinguisher line at an indicated rate of 7 m3/h using temporary electric pumps with off-site power.
Once again, I was not in control. I thought my son needed to hear the whole sermon to gain anything from it. I wanted him to hear everything and thought it was a lost cause because he had fallen asleep. Instead, he was awake for the part he needed to hear. It had an effect on him. God spoke to his heart. God showed up in a big way, not because I orchestrated it, but because He had planned to all along.
Plant A Tree In Your Garden, Your Private Or Your Public One With The Agreement Of The City Hall & Express Your NO TO TERRORISM, Right Now!
So the familiar ethics question rears it ugly, fire-breathing head. The intersection of supply and demand currently hovers at a certain price, but what if it were forced higher? Would fewer of the more fortunate members of Brazilian society employ, or afford to employ, these people? Would life be quite worse for them? Would they then starve? Or would demand remain and they eventually folded into a middle class society?
And my answer was: it would have to be something to do with books, and preferably reading.
like how on one day she just all of a sudden had eyelashes
On the following day he calls forward and subdues the Eight Sub-Princes; and the day after that, the many Spirits serving these. These inferior Daemons, of whom four act as familiar spirits, then operate a collection of talismans for various purposes.“
Eventually, things start to fray. Your grill guy, who already has a nasty habit of a liter of Pepsi and blunt to the head in the parking lot before work starts making frequent trips to bathroom during service. His eyes are alert, but his jaw and edgy demeanor tell a different tale. The food runner that cant remember table numbers was up until 5am with him doing coke, and they're both starting to make your evening very difficult. Manuel, your fastest sautee cook has started asking for booze mid shift to quell his hangover, and by the end of the night everyone has had a sip. Two months later you're dumber, slower, and fat. But fuck it, because you're a real cook, right?
So here you go, a run down of the current dogs in my life. I like to associate them with cliché anthropomorphized stereotypes. Deal with it.
JP MORGAN
He also said that the National Mayan Council of Elders of Guatemala will bring together all 650 of its members for a scene in which they will expose their 3,750-year-old sacred books for the first time.
The word from Germany is that fantasy is as strong as ever but now moving away from "High Fantasy" towards the Urban variety. I suppose Cassandra Clare would be an example of that, though I don't care for her books myself.
568 ***D-Fall/1967. “The Education of Henry Thoreau.” Basic Program Weekend Conference, The University of Chicago, Starved Rock State Park, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1969(2), above, and in Item B-2, above, pp. 203-13, 313-16 (1983).)
Layer 2: Background
Yves J.
Pop quiz – do people really think that healthy adults under say 50 need to be constantly monitoring their blood pressure and cholesterol even if they have absolutely no indicators for developing high blood pressure or high cholesterol? Do other people constantly track this? Because from my POV, well, it’s been low every time it’s been tested and nothing about my health or lifestyle seems to have changed, so…
To disbelieve, but had to answer,
The balloon floated on, mostly silent except for the times he had to turn on the airburners to maintain height. The sun was high. He leaned over the basket and saw his shadow running along the ridges and valleys underneath him. The pilot saw the thick grey clouds in the distance.
There are restaurants on every block.
All parts precision machined, chrome measure bar marked in inches and millimeters. ABS plastic shield is made from material used in hockey helmets – lightweight, strong, and …
I cooked, I spent time with the kids, I worked out, I ate good food, I helped a family in need, hung out with friends…definitely a good day! Now I just need a shower and my day will be complete…
“Hey Gordon, I mean Ginger, did you dance at the 3 Dogs Night bar room?”
Take care all, reflections:0)
The books are (in no spe­cific order):
Matthew 5:43-45
The Ealing Gazette.
When VR becomes a thing that people can enter into and experience as if it was real life, people will not want to leave it. There are already issues with people and the virtual worlds they already have access to, and these worlds are not... well, we don't experience them as if they are happening to us. But there have been cases of child neglect and abuse from parents becoming too immersed in these worlds. There have been cases of people going without food or water to the point of death. And these are just worlds that you experience through a keyboard. Imagine what it will be like when you can have full sensory input. Feel things. Smell things. Even taste things. And it can be better than your life in the "real" world.
Guest post by Alvina Lopez
There is a point at which a person begins to question their own mortality and the legacy that they will leave behind. However after hearing from my doctor that I am once again in fantastic shape, I am going to borrow a scene from the 1995 movie, “Grumpy Old Men.” I have no doubt in my mind that I will live to turned 95 years old, exercise most days in my life. Every morning, I will wake up, and eat five strips of bacon. And for lunch, I will eat a bacon sandwich. And for a midday snack?
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!
The Neurologists thought the Administration had a lot of nerve.
It is important to remember, however, that sexual assault does not only happen to women. According to SAPA’s facts page, 10% of sexual assault cases that go to the emergency room involve male survivors. While victims are disproportionately female, men are not excluded from sexual assault and should be aware.
The officer that assisted me observed his behaviors with them and with me and had a “talk” with me about filing a restraining order. My comment was that my husband had never physically harmed me – he had not actually laid a hand on me. He then asked me a few questions about experiences that I had and explained to me that domestic violence (DV) was not just physical violence. I was feeling threatened and intimidated in my own home and apparently the judge felt that I had enough cause to warrant a temporary restraining order. Personally I never thought it would get to that.
Ted ignores me, "These forms need to be completed by ALL of you by tomorrow morning without fail. Is that clear?" He demands
Another Friday, another set of links, right? And this is going to sound weird, but I'm going to come right out and say it- I am typing this right now and hearing the Gossip Girl voice in my head. Not even kidding. I'm alllllmost caught up and right at the end of the current season and I'm SO INTO it. No spoilers but I'm right after episode 100 and I just watched three episodes in a row...hence hearing this blog read aloud in the GG voice. Call me crazy, I don't mind.
Lately I have been feeling very blah about my snacks at work. There is only so much peanut butter and banana a person can take. My problem is that if I don’t have a snack lined up and ready to go, I head for the candy bowl in the office across the hall.
He laughs, "Don't push it girlie."
‘You’re a worker and a homer and a game player.’ – Quote from the 5 year old about me.
You can even schedule your backups and completely customize a backup plan to your liking. Once you’ve installed the app, it’ll scan your SD card and your device’s internal memory the first time you run it. You’ll be able to choose a cloud storage provider where you’d like to backup your data. Sandisk Memory Zone will prompt you for the frequency schedule of your backup, whether you’d like it to be backed up “only this time” or “everyday.”
Nicknames, I have a major one that is Lulu. It comes from the animé Creamy, that was my favourite as a child. I didn't know the exact lyrics of the credits and was singing vampilulu, it became my nickname. And because it was too long, it became Lulu.
The goal is not just to “teach” these topics to students. You will be equipped with tons of practical ideas that will help them take ownership of these principles in their own lives so they can reflect the life of Christ.
Here's his view on the contracts announced today for learning and skills for offenders in prison and in the community for scandal ridden company A4e.
tray and make room to work.
Major improvements. : Defining major improvements in an agreement is difficult. The licensed improvements described above generally relate closely to the technology transferred in the licence agreement , This section usually does not include improvements resulting in a recognizable process or product shift. For example, if a product, such as metal tube for the packaging of household products, is the subject of licence agreement, an improvement developed by the licensor in the product or in the process for making metal tubes should be transferred to the licensee under the rights granted in the licensed improvements. However, if the licensor develops a plastic tube for the packaging of household products, it most likely would be considered a major improvements.
These two friends, we’ll call them Adam and Amy, are a married couple who met in seminary and have been walking through the ordination process together. Can you guess which candidacy experience was Adam’s and which was Amy’s?
I’m working on further novels for adults, too – a possible sequel to ‘Charity’s Child’ and a science fiction novel set in 2031 and 2222, which will take up my interest in AI and robotics and may well be ‘experimental’ in structure. And I have a novella called ‘Mondays with Marguerite’, told from the point of view of a woman with Alzheimer’s. It’s looking for a home – novellas are notoriously difficult to place.
Bloomberg reports the GE CFO, Keith Sherin, talking about the sale ““A lot of things are getting better around the world, but the Irish mortgage portfolio was one place we didn’t see the outlook improving,” Keith Sherin, GE’s chief financial officer, said in a telephone interview. “We made a determination that the buyer’s bid would be a better deal than to continue to work on that portfolio and try to increase the value over time.” The sale of the unit, which has $600 million in assets, may be concluded by the end of this year, Sherin said.”
We had just returned from an evening out .. dinner with friends and colleagues where we had to behave ourselves. There was the occasional fingers touching and playing footsies under the table but other that than we stayed well under the radar. After dinner a few of us headed to a favorite local bar where we have been to many times before. As "our song" came on (as requested by my lover) we mouthed the words to each other and smiled broadly. I would love to type that he came over to me and hugged me close while nibbling on my ear but alas we made sure to keep our distance and occasionally looked away as we sang. He got a kick out of watching the gentleman next to me try to make certain advances and was happy when I shooed him away.
3So they kept there for a long time, taking heart in the Lord, who gave witness to the word of his grace by causing signs and wonders to be done by their hands.
Black gram dal – 1 teaspoon
These ladies feature beautiful thoughts, interiors, product and positive views on the world we live in:
Dregs, angry, eying outlines of chalk.
there are diferent donations and rewards!
The second necklace I made turned out to be like a color canvas. I wasn't sure what the finished project was going to look like when I started... I just laid all my purples on a cookie sheet and put it together one bead at a time. The glass cabochon featuring the butterfly was created by my good friend Sandy Spivey with Glass Art Cabochons. I used black goldstone, amethyst beads, purple magnesite (from Happy Mango Beads) and a funky vintage cabochon. Using primarily Miyuki 15/0 seed beads I brought in all different shades and finishes of purple to make this monochromatic masterpiece pop!
For the Lord is good and His love endures forever;
In her responses to subsequent questions, the secretary admitted she was unaware of Supreme Court cases stretching back several decades, in which religious believers' rights against government intrusion were upheld by the court.
- 1/4 cup flat-leaf parsley
MamaJen: Imogen, do you know why gold is hard?
1. Do NOT drink and read…not even water.
perhaps one is a glamorous model, and will talk about her job...maybe one is a travel journalist and will write about the country...maybe one is a spy and will be mysterious...think how your people are able to travel so much...
After much research and lurking on unschooling boards, Cheo and I have decided that we will unschool Zoe. Wikipedia defines unschooling as "a range of educational philosophies and practices centered on allowing children to learn through their natural life experiences, including child directed play, game play, household responsibilities, work experience, and social interaction, rather than through a more traditional school curriculum. Unschooling encourages exploration of activities led by the children themselves, facilitated by the adults."
Allison at 400 Wake Ups
2012-03-17 364000
As an overview, note that Habermas’s methodology falls far short of the basics of performing meta-analysis in the social sciences and would not, for example, pass peer review in a secular academic journal. Wikipedia nicely summarizes some of the basics required for a formal meta-analysis. Habermas’s approach is really closer to a simple literature review, whereby the author summarizes the current state of the relevant research in their field to give the reader a “one-stop-shopping” kind of approach. (Lit reviews are great, but they don’t establish facts, which is Habermas’s goal.)
“Values are not central to today’s world,” or so proclaimed the author of an article published in the Global Times covering the recent BRICS (Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa) summit in New Delhi. The article is an unapologetic, and only marginally ungrammatical, pre-emptive strike against Western ne’er-do-wells seeking to undermine the BRICS union by pointing out “a lack of unified values among member countries.” The article argues that universal values held in common between countries aren’t that important, rather it is what they can give each other that counts. The message is that potential mutual benefits outweigh a lack of shared values. Though it rarely strays from its uniformly histrionic tone – neatly slotting each BRICS country into the distinctly Chinese narrative of “facing oppression by developed countries in the current global political system” – the article nevertheless highlights an incredibly interesting trend arising in modern Chinese politics: value bashing.
One thing I am hoping won’t cause me to slip up is the fact that I am making a step toward quitting smoking. I am using E-lites electronic cigarettes to help me cut down gradually. I may be taking on too much trying to quit smoking whilst gradually increasing my working time, but the two do go hand in hand really as I can’t smoke as much when I’m at work anyway – only on my break. Again I’m not going to rush with it, just take it as it comes and see how I get on. It has already meant I am smoking about 5 less cigarettes in a day, so I would say that’s not bad going really!??
But I feel like I should post. I feel like I should give you something to look at as you are blog surfing. So I have this for you. I don't recall posting it, although it was already edited in my photobucket account, so I must have intended to at some point. (Like after it didn't get picked for the call I submitted it for.)
Author: Wikipedia: “Eando Binder is a pen-name used by two mid-20th-century science fiction authors, Earl Andrew Binder (1904-1965) and his brother Otto Binder (1911-1974). The name is derived from their first initials (“E and O Binder”). Under the Eando name, the Binders wrote some published science fiction, including stories featuring a heroic robot named Adam Link. The first Adam Link story, published in 1939, is titled I, Robot. An unrelated collection of stories by Isaac Asimov, also entitled I, Robot, was published in 1950. The name was chosen by the publisher, against Asimov’s wishes. By 1939, Otto had taken over all of the writing, leaving Earl to act as his literary agent. Under his own name, Otto wrote for the Captain Marvel line of comic books published by Fawcett Comics (1941-1953).” Earl Binder was born in Austria and his original name may have been Andreas Binder. Otto was born in Michigan; he attended Northwestern University and The University of Chicago, and also worked as a librarian before becoming a freelance writer. See the entry for “Eando Binder” in Everett Bleiler’s The Gernsback Years.
Well I hope you have a wonderful day!
Most employers want mature, intelligent and dedicated employees who do not abuse drugs. Some employers, such as hospitals, are even starting to look at whether or not their applicants smoke cigarettes, not just marijuana or other controlled substances.
The Coletterie: simple tips for photographing your topics - some more general tips, for larger-scale or perhaps artistic photography. Best tip? Take plenty of shots. With digital cameras that can be filled to the brim and emptied in seconds, there’s really no reason not to. Barely 5% of my photos make it through to a project page… though I’ve always been that picky.
As the national outcry over the shooting continued to gather momentum, Zimmerman’s allies say he was in a ‘fight for his life.’
religious communities. To maintain anonymity, this information was encrypted
Ian Abercrombie, Actor
‘You’re my daughter and I love you,’ she says. ‘You know I’d do anything for you, Shashi. Don’t worry about a thing. Let’s just concentrate on getting you well again. That’s all I care about. And you will be well, darling. You will be well again.’
That's me.
We are in a different world. We need leaders who are going to be honest with the people of this country, of the problems we have, and have bold solutions to make that happen. I’ll do that.
2. Do NOT eat and read…you’ll thank me later.
I discovered two things at this point - firstly, the lustre spray didn't hold well to the shapes. I think it's because the surface of the candy melts was too shiny or slippery and it would have worked fine if I was spraying fondant or cake, but as you can see from the picture below, when I touched the candy melts the gold rubbed off. It was a little better after it had set but I don't think the lustre spray was particularly designed to be used in this way.
Grattis till alla besökare.
Every so often, pull the colander out of the bowl, and pour off the whey. The yogurt will become thicker and thicker as the whey is drained out. I usually let it drain for at least four hours, sometimes longer.
I am…a mushroom on whom the dew of heaven drops now and then.
“If you stand back and look at this deal, you can see the value it will bring to a full-service carrier (FSC) like MAS. The trend among FSCs is that they are gradually deriving a bulk of their revenue less from the airline operations and more from ancillary services such as maintenance, repair, operations (MRO) services and so forth. These services are huge profit centres. Currently, AirAsia outsources these services. With this partnership, MAS can be the outsourcing agent,” said an analyst.
I do not recommend this as a foundation, it is far too thick and it really clings to any dryness in the skin. I use it as a concealer on blemishes and redness , which I find quite effective, the coverage is good and it’s pretty easy to blend with other foundations, I like the matte finish but I wouldn’t buy another tube of it because it’s not a foundation and it’s not really designed as a concealer.
My favourite nights for walking are in spring, and early summer. Cool but not cold, dark but not pitch black. It smells fresh and clean. Birds chirp sleepily in the dusk; dogs bark in the distance.
Ride a Motorcycle (Wheelie If You’re Brave)
The next step is to attach the air grip and the air adaptor. Just screw the adaptor in until it is tight but not cranked down so you'd need a wrench to get them apart. Then, attach the small end of the air hose to the bottom of the air adaptor.
7. Do you have a website/Do any blogs?
~Get well
Duran Duran Union of the snake US
So I asked myself a few more questions. Firstly, why on earth would a pig eat roast beef? I’m sure that it does not form part of a pigs natural diet and it is probably quite expensive to feed on an ongoing basis. Secondly, why didn’t the fourth pig get any? And lastly, what happened to that poor little first pig that went to market? Well it’s likely he or she ended up on someones dinner plate and complemented a hearty big breakfast with a side of (lets hope) free range eggs.
“The site is sufficiently large to accommodate five caravans without being overcrowded and on-site facilities are adequate for the increased number of residents.”
Fountainhead – (I have not seen the film or read the book of the same title). From reading the Wikipedia entry about this film it appears the character who is portrayed as having BPD is Dominque Francon:
6:30 – 9 p.m. Shiner Beer Dinner, Beer Dinner in the Café
12 designs created by Kristy Kizzee & Erika Kern
1 grows
But reality check at the finish line: my time to complete the 3 miles was 55 minutes! Which is like an 18 minute mile! At that rate it would take me 5 hours to complete a half marathon, and then only in the unlikely event that I could keep up the pace not for just an hour but for 5 hours!
Exodus 20:2: “Thou shalt have no other gods before Me.“
A lot of people know that I have a “thing” for dragonflies, but they don’t really know why. Why the dragonfly tattoo? Why is it purple? What’s up with the tribal? Why all the dragonfly “stuff”. To explain the tattoo and the symbolism behind it, I would have to explain what the tattoo was for and the woman who inspired it.
To our recent critics, I would say: I am not answerable to you in any way.
Janis Joplin
Kingdom - VNV Nation
So, everything in the spiritual world is substantial and original. This material world is only an imitation. Whatever we see in this material world is all imitation, shadow. It is just like a cinematographic picture, in which we see only the shadow of the real thing.
Our schedule has been busy and I have been seeking how to eliminate. The answers are not clear yet, but I have today. I have a precious gift of a day at home. Thank You, Lord, for nudging a dear friends heart to minister such grace and blessing to me. I am so grateful and am being restored in this gift of quiet and rest.
Times when love cannot smooth the road
“Daddy, this summer heat is positively going to bring my innards to a boil,” her voice whined on.
Perfect timing: in this day of online journaling and slick publications, it was a unique experience to have the ‘real thing’ in your hands. Unmatched. Much to see. Much to touch. Much to learn. Every page. Every artist. Every color. The only thing online was our dialogue. It celebrated the process and forged friendships. Participation: an honor privilege. Motivation: accountability to myself and the others. Autumn: a favorite season of color, and treasured completed journal.
This incentive night was a keeper!
The government's latest attempt to make people of every political persuasion despise them is to dissuade the rich from giving to charity. The current situation, as the BBC describes it, is this...
Pros and Cons of Rotary Dampers
Bonnie had set the mood in her gorgeously decorated Family Room with the drinks set out at the bar, and the music, and food chosen with as much care as if she were entertaining royalty…for actually that was what we were…regally beautiful sisters and friends! What added to the atmosphere of royalty were the carefully selected shades of purple in her color scheme so expertly done by hers truly.
Here, a couple seem to tread water in a sea where seven cups float down towards the seabed, trailing bubbles. Quite unlike the RWS, it seems more as though their choices are slipping away from them, rather than having too many. It also doesn't seem overtly debauched: they are both fully dressed (which isn't true of all the denizens of this deck), although wrapped in a passionate embrace. However, they are so caught up in one another that they pay no heed to the sinking cups, locked in their own little world of all-consuming emotions, with only their heads just above water. Perhaps this is the debauchery - being blind to everything else because of the intoxicating emotions in us.
I know that I will never get that last check from my dot.com company. And there will never be a royalty check in the mail from Dorchester. But you know what? Their failure is not mine. I’m determined to make the best of this bad situation and come out on top in the end.
Ink: Rich Cocoa Memento
They also come to us to be heard. I guarantee that 90% of the people who come to your bar just need to Vent, Have their ego stroked or Just want to talk. I know some of you are like “Talk to my Guests?” Who has the time for that? Well I can tell you that I have had the most repeat business I.E. (Regulars) than anyone in my company. Why? Because I listen. I know what everyone needs, wants, and desires.
How does a magician pull off a seemingly impossible magic trick right before your eyes?
It would have been better
Braised Abalone in Japanese Sake and Soy Sauce - while abalone is iconic to any Chinese banquet as a luxury item (usually as a giant 'steak' in starchy broth), we'd never seen it served like this, amuse bouche sized, in a seashell topped by a stroke of fusion genius - uni (sea urchin) and ikura (salmon roe), ingredients more typical to sushi. The fusion of two historically politically opposing cultures were reinforced with the mixing of Japanese sake and Chinese soy sauce for the base. Beautiful dish - our mouths were definitely amused and pleased.
This is one of my many ALL TIME Stevie Wonder favorite songs. The composition is grand and amazing. As it played on the radio today...my son hummed and kinda sang along. I don't know where he heard and learned it. I was surprised because despite my love of music, music is not played much here at home. It's not intentional, but there is no record player...no stereo.
I definitely want everyone to do their research on YouTube and find the rest of their songs. Some of my favorites are “Human Eyes Cry Godly Tears“, “Fortune Teller“, and “Ivory Tower“, which is one of the tracks on Warriors. If you’re in the UK, definitely try to catch one of their shows. They have a few bookings within the next couple of months. And check out their official website, www.thegoodnatured.co.uk. They have their own blog, tour dates, their music videos, lyrics, etc. Also, hop on iTunes, where all three EP’s are available. I love this band. They definitely need to be heard, which means more support. Before you go, check out the music video to their latest single. Enjoy and be inspired.
Given the threat the top-down sweep poses to the discerning criminal, it is worth considering in a little more detail just how broad this sweep can be in a modern, technologically-advanced society. Consider the following case. Some months ago, a gang of three youths were convicted of carrying out three home invasions in the UK. According to the newspaper reports that accompanied their convictions, they had been, despite their youth, an unusually careful gang, conducting their raids at different locations across the country so as to avoid quickly coming to the attention of any one police force.
Other; Not Quite Navy & Early Espresso Markers, Color Spritzer Tool, Crumb Cake Seam Binding, Pearl Basic Jewels, Itty Bitty Shapes Punch Pack
nail place & paycheck loan store
Making business improvements should be a way of life towards you succeeding in business. Even if your business is doing a great job, a management consultant can help a CEO or owner stay on top of things and help you to keep that momentum going. A management consultant can help you through your successes, failures, help to give you a new perspective on things and develop solutions to your problems.
Let's have a go:
1-800-394-2255
Daly's bankruptcy petition made no mention of LSP Digital, which remained open to submissions and continued to do business well into the bankruptcy proceedings, using Light Sword Publishing's URL (here's a snapshot from May 2009, courtesy of the Internet Archive). That URL lapsed in 2009 or 2010--but Daly had registered a new URL in late 2008, and LSP Digital was active at that URL as late as February 2011. At some point, though, it too disappeared. It looked as if Daly and LSP Digital were gone for good.
Pearl bracelet, wedding gift, Hong Kong
All this to say, mark your calendars because they will be playing at The Carousel Lounge from 7-9 p.m. on Thursday, February 23 (they think).
I found a scrap of fabric in my room and thought it would look quite good good as a bow, which is lucky cause I was planning to buy a hairbow anyway. Think I was supposed to be revising, but I made this instead.
I said, the students don’t use specific details in their writing. He responded, of course not! They don’t know what that means. If they knew how to do it, they would! I said, I feel like I’m floundering my way forward here. He answered, you too? I said, I am hopelessly mired down in administrivia. He replied ruefully, our next book will have to be called the collected memos and budgets. He made you love the obstacles and struggles, and laugh with him about them.
“Oh no, I wasn’t embarrassed! I looked just fine! It’s kind of entertaining.”
For a totally boss afternoon snack, try spreading chlorella cream on a rice cake, top with banana, some hemp seeds, goji berries…whatever!
Bonus life-changing video:
So then, if the story of Sodom & Gomorrah was not a condemnation of homosexuality, what was it trying to convey?
1 coulda
10:15: Marlow: Public health studies on hospitality businesses 'misrepresent evidence' by funding their own studies (leading to inherent bias), dismissing or ignoring contrary evidence and using flawed methodology.
Dacquoise
After the death of Gaddafi, the former Libyan leader, rebel fighters began “an immediate hunt” for his former loyalists. African migrants in particular have been targeted on suspicion of being Gaddafi mercenaries.
Chill until serving. Garnish with whipped topping, caramel
* The time the snarky senior in the AP English class asked if I wouldn’t mind discussing “real” literature.
Dear Husband, thank you for communicating. Hang in there.
But that didn’t happen in the city that never sleeps (and thank god the pharmacies don’t either). No, the person who answered said “Wow, I’ve never gotten a call like this before. I’m so sorry. I tell the Chef and he’ll check all those ingredients in that dish.” And that was it. And now I think I won’t be able to eat there again. Which is a shame because I really liked that place. Even though they didn’t have the spelt pumpkin vegan pie on the dessert menu. But it’s shaken my faith in their kitchen.
The process of becoming a genuine and faithful disciple of Jesus Christ is tough. It takes hard work. It doesn’t happen over night. You can’t manipulate it. It doesn’t happen (usually) from a neatly wrapped program. It’s a day-in and day-out pursuit of Christ, through his Word and prayer, in the power of the Holy Spirit, in a relational context.
Now here’s the killer statistic: All lending booms so far have ended in busts in which some of the sovereign beneﬁciaries defaulted.
The title of the exhibition, Let's sit down before we go, refers to an old Russian custom: before you leave on a journey, take a moment to think about where you come from, where you are going and why. This was also the case for Bertien van Manen. Since 2010, she has travelled far less due to her personal circumstances. So she took time to look back on her projects and travels. Together with English photographer Stephen Gill, she sorted through more than 15,000 negatives. She was surprised to see that time had nearly stood still: life outside the big cities seemed to have changed hardly at all in her photos.
He became a successful man, worked hard and didn't expect he'd ever have a family because he had no concept of what that was about. But then he met Her, and without any training, without anyone to model after, without the loving guidance of a sister, or mother or grandmother, he fell in love with this young woman. And his life has been enriched beyond his wildest dreams.
The equipment you’ll need to start mulling your own paint: A muller and mulling slab (usually a tile of glass, but it could be stone as well); a paint spatula; and a rough material for roughening the glass surface of the slab. Maybe a gripping material like a cabinet liner, so the slab doesn’t slide all over the place while you’re mulling. Oh: and pigment and binder. How could I forget!
Last year a friend of mine stood for election as a councillor in Surrey Heath. He already had a great public service ethos and had worked tirelessly for his local community. To his great pride (and suprise??) he was elected on the Thursday and on the following Saturday recieved his first hugge bundle of official papers.
Theatre
The vote to recognize Palestine will almost certainly increase anti-Israel violence in the region. It will also likely encourage the international boycott-Israel movement, which uniquely ostracizes the Jewish state. Palestinian Authority leader Mahmoud Abbas has said that upgraded Palestinian status at the U.N. would "pave the way" to press for legal sanctions against Israel. The likely result would be to turn any Israeli act of war, even in self-defense, into a war crime.
Well, the full load of stories will stay up until my birthday (May 31st, buy your cards now) and then I shall take most of them down. I shall be leaving up those which have been published elsewhere with links to those publications which have had the wonderful taste to feature my work. ;-)
And to the parents who brought their bug-eyed kid to the open house? The invite said the evening’s activities were “not appropriate for children.” Because of all the, you know, bed hopping stuff.
Hina called her mother and spoke in very feeble voice: “Don’t cry please! Invite all relatives on Eid day. I have to say something.”
Heave
I walked past him in the subway
Photos: Cleo Coyle
My week has had a definite theme to it.
it somehow becomes a tradition that I am finishing a year with a black doll.
According To Pete
We'd unearthed a stash of porn mags.
From the Manufacturer
Now, I’m not here to promote and specific brand. I want to give you the recipe.
Lift the edge of the cloth/clingfilm and gently roll the dough up as if making a swiss roll. Try and keep it quite tight, using the clingfilm or sheet to help you lift and roll the dough.
I heard last year of a criminal justice mental health team in the south of England who used to get a daily fax from their local police listing names, dates of birth etc., of all people arrested by the police. They found that 50% of arrested people were currently known, previously known or should be known to and engaged with mental health services. So the police are potentially spotting less than a third of people coming through custody who should be considered for assessment, referral or diversion. One third.
Cries, of 'pourquoi,' and the party's only just begun and we must have a dance before we go, regaled us, as we took our leave.
2 Heat vs. 5 Hawks, Heat win series 4-1.
He even went on the roller coaster, in spite of the long line. My dad and Jim spent the whole time talking to each other, while I entertained Dylan (thanks guys!), but he did it! Waiting in lines in the past was torturous and sometimes impossible, so this was a big change. He still isn't "good" at it, but he can do it, so that is a big step. My dad and I sat in front of Jim and Dylan on the roller coaster. I looked back before it started and Dylan had a huge grin on his face. I looked back half way through the ride and Dylan looked like, "Whoa! Why did you let me go on this?!" But, I looked back at the end of the ride, and the huge grin was back. (Maybe he was just thrilled it was over?!)
“You aren’t even an animal!” the hare said. “You’re a tropical fruit!”
the dust fallen,
About a mile and a half from the bridge, eastward, the ancestor of the Folsom’s settled. It had been a populous Indian town, and there are in existence to day, a tomahawk, a sofka pestle, a small cannon ball, and innumerable arrow-heads and skinning knifes of flint that were found there. The old gentleman had erected a strong block house, and when there was an alarm of Indians, the women and children were carried there, and the old men and boys left to defend them while the ablebodied once sallied forth to meet the foe. From this fort they marched forth to the bloody encounter at Brushy creek. The Indians had been goaded to madness. They were concealed in the dark swamp, and awaited in silence the approach of the whites. Penuel Folsom had made his will before leaving home, and when the soldiers were all drawn up at a safe distance from the enemy, and the scouts were cautiously advancing, he and Orville Shanks dashed forward with a yell and received the fire of a dozen unerring rifles. Shanks fell dead, and Folsom desperately wounded, was carried from the field, after the battle was over, behind Captain Sharpe who rode a powerful horse. When they halted he was laid down on the green grass and breathed his last. Some years ago I visited his grave in a lonely spot in the heart of one of the gloomiest forests of Berrien county. – Montgomery M. Folsom
“Let’s just finish this mission and get back to Crystell Castle with as many men as we can. The sooner this job is done, the sooner Arrys’s men will be at ease.”
Sea Wolf - Black Dirt
And when we finally embraced.
Using a blender, mix together the cilantro, olive oil, almond meal, garlic, lime juice, nutritional yeast, salt and broth on low speed for 2 minutes. To make a thicker dip or spread, blend in more almond meal and/or cilantro; to make a thinner sauce, add more broth. Keeps in a jar in the fridge for a pretty long while.
please celebrate alongside us. what a joy it is to be healed. to be alive. stay close to Jesus. even if your heart is not one of joy today or of healing. He is good. All the time. He is good.
Do you believe The Secret to Success (is) Quitting? Or does quitting = failure in your books? And what does one do with the guilt that attaches itself to even the thought of quitting? Man, I need to go to guilt therapy!! Have a great day - I'll check in when I can :)
“Well, when you have a baby, afterwards, the cervix snaps back to normal, but the rest stays rather roomy, right? I mean, you were with that woman once, your first girlfriend, the one with a child?” I asked.
Last week it dawned on me that my complexion was looking rather pale and as I didn’t want to suddenly become an extra in The Vampire Diaries (Worst show ever? Possibly if it wasn’t for the fact that watching golf on TV is exponentially worse. I’d rather lick razor blades) I decided it was time to take immediate action against my glow in the dark visage.
Mix all filling ingredients together and set aside.
When you take a small plane from Charles de Gaulle, you oftentimes board a shuttle bus at the gate which then drives you to your plane far, far away from the terminal. I am now used to boarding small planes, thank you Europe, but I still don't like them so I felt nervous on the shuttle bus.
They complain a little. I ignore them.
But on Friday and Saturday, a whole lot of babes would make their way to Tahoe from
Oh well, it's all good really. I'm just complaining to complain. I'm thankful that I'm healthy enough to even give it a shot...it was always on my "bucket list" for some reason. Next...skydiving!
Aug 21 Auburn Hills, MI
So the question of the century is: how do writers stay fit? How do they honestly keep their spare tire from sprouting three or four more? How to they get rid of spare tires and make it so they don't have flabby necks, cramped wrists, and tired tushes?
We left Friday afternoon and our first stop was Michigan
Yes, I know if I've made a mistake.
If you look closely, you will see that the background scene is popped up on one thickness of foam tape, but the little girl is popped up on two and added to the background layer separately. The little girl is cut in solid brown, but the shadow is cut using the script pattern on Pg. 44 of Lori's Garden. I wish you could see it better--it really did make a statement.
Last time when this dreaded block struck me, I chose to publish posts from my drafts and hence the days were saved! But now all I have are the photos for the posts but nothing in writing. So I am going straight away to the recipe,or rather the situation that lead me to this post...
ISBN CD: 9781455823963 (Unabridged)
All information on the statement will be for sales (in all formats) from that six-month period. So when you get the statement, you're already months behind in knowing current numbers.
My life is controlled by love, just as Christ loved me and gave His life for me as a sweet-smelling offering and sacrifice that please God! Amen!
More Favorites
as long as they are...
We heard a good lesson a couple of weeks ago about putting God first in your life DAILY. God has always wanted that from His people. He wanted the firstfruits of their labors. We are told to seek Him and his righteousness FIRST. (Mt 6:33 But seek ye first the kingdom of God, and his righteousness; and all these things shall be added unto you.) We were reminded of the acronym J(esus) O(others) Y(ourself). We all know this with our minds, but do we really accept it with our hearts? If so, then we will put it into practice. (Mt 7:20 Wherefore by their fruits ye shall know them. 21 Not every one that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven; but he that doeth the will of my Father which is in heaven.) What comes first in our lives?
that the fault was all mine
Doldrums
Then another author, who thrilled me last year with three ExCellent books, totally let me down when he journeyed into PreachyTown. And not just one or two pages, but every Freaking Chapter. Blah, blah, blah.
7. Roll dough to 10×12 rectangle.
In a way it is but at the same time it’s the best produced and enjoyable DLC I’ve encountered for a while.
Now the papers are Echo Park apothecary and are Halloween papers really so I went to put them away until next year.. but when I looked at them I realised a lot can be used all through the year..
Homeschoolers come up with unique answers. How many times have I heard concerned acquaintances ask, "What about labs?" It's a puzzle that each homeschooling family figures out in their own way. The Tiger Chronicle did their Lab session at the pet store! There are wonderful questions at the end to help your young scientists think more deeply about their observations.
This week I reached a milestone in the great blogging experiment. My posse (that's right, I'm not the Pied Piper and YOU are not rats - I don't have followers, I have a posse) reached the magic number of 50 and I think that calls for a celebration. Yep, that's right BLOG PARTY woo hoo!!! Open bar ... virtual drinks are on the house. What's your pleasure?
"Feedback is only supposed to make you better..."
The next morning is the same as the previous three mornings.
The pleasure in revisiting Aventine is that so little changes with the core services offered to authors—unlike so many other author solutions services who choose to chop and change prices and packages. That's actually the way it should be. Be wary of author solutions services who continually changes their packages and services. It's a sure sign that the company got it wrong from the start—or bluntly—are hiding something and really haven't a clue what they are doing. The reason why Aventine has no need to indulge in a re-jigging of their services is because the company got it right from the start—provide a basic publishing package at an affordable price that produces a high quality print product with a very low print mark-up (10% over print cost) and a royalty rate (80% net) which actually favours the author for a change.
Yes, it's my blog, and I can make a political statement if I want.
Two weeks passed by and none of the potatoes had broken ground. I started trying to figure out what we had done wrong: enter Google again. I started finding articles all over the place describing a method of growing potatoes in “mulch” which was supposed to increase yields at harvest. Somehow, I got it into my head that the tiny potato sprouts couldn’t push through the few inches of dirt, and that we might be able to dig them up and replant with this new method…
Beginner’s Luck
You are faultless
If Rupp is successful in his bid to make the team, this move could give us a marathoner capable of holding his own against the best in the world in London. Rupp brings tremendous speed to the event with his 26:48.00 10000, and he was the fastest American over the half marathon last year – a race in which he finished ahead Ryan Hall, the fastest U.S. marathoner of 2011 at 2:04.58. Of course Rupp has yet to cover the full marathon, but when your coach was himself a top 10000 meter runner AND a former American Record holder, he should be able to gauge whether or not there is potential in Rupp making a run over the full marathon distance. Having watched both the career of Salazar and now the career of Rupp, I don’t think this move was made without careful consideration and the feeling that success is a definite possibility!
if there is anyone out there who is having a fabulous and fascinating winter of 2010=2011, would they please keep it to themselves. if kabuki sees any over-the-top celebratory individuals kabuki will just snap. it is true that misery loves company. and nothing helps a bad mood like sharing it with others. see. kabuki feels better already. and apologizes for wasting your time with this go nowhere blog entry. kabuki will cook up something really good for next time. think unfound rumors and distasteful innuendos, because that is where kabuki shines. and we all need to shine sometimes.
I have a confession to make, and I’m sure a few people can relate to this particular subject. Back in school, whenever I entered a new class, I always looked for someone black to sit with. This is not a racist motive. Hell, I live in suburbia USA. It’s just the comfort of having someone nearby who looks like me. Even now, grown up, with 75% of my friends being white, I still have the same anxiety. When my white friends invite me to mixers, I am always the only black person there, and being 5’11 makes me even more conspicuous. It’s come to the point to where if there isn’t at least a 25:75 ratio of minorities, don’t even bother inviting me to the party.
Now this might be another pie-in-the-sky wish, but it would be fantastic if these services could provide reviews from periodicals of the time the music original came out. I have the complete Rolling Stone on DVD, so I don’t see why MOG, Napster, Rdio and Rhapsody couldn’t license rights to link to related material from all the music magazines of the times. Or at least replicate Wikipedia entries.
Belgians surely know how to entertain! And not only that – this way of commercial simply rocks.
Deleuze and Heatherwick have a common enemy: blocs of “soulless and cold” buildings. [2] Thomas Heatherwick speaks new tongue in architectural discourse through implicit process, but he distinguishes his design stance through his concern for materiality in buildings. Heatherwick is nearly on the cusp of actualizing the push for temporal image milieu that is dynamical, variable world. Heatherwick conceptualizes buildings based off his personal interactions and response to conventional buildings. He is adamantly against straight up and down buildings out of cold material: this is his philo-architectural problem. This resembles the Deleuzean resistance to prominence of considering gravity in architectural planning. Because the mission of conceiving space joins his creations, Heatherwick can be considered to be on a continuum, traveling to the rolling new possibilities around the world.
1/2 c plain yogurt
It added that there were no
East Kent Golding 5.4%, 1 min. 0.5 oz.
Okay, do you remember my best friend husband Cary's Grandpa Jimmy? If you don't, please click here to read about my post with him and NASCAR driver Bob Ross: NASCAR Driver Bob Ross
The theme? Improve blocks with made fabrics.
But life got a bit busy and then I had a brainwave- using my stash of scrapbooking and art paper and card that I have been collecting for ever. I keep everything for my art/card stash- invitations, cards, packaging, magazine pictures, paint sample cards...anything that catches my eye really.
Eat on Monday dishes lunch today at 303 Ravendale Drive, Mountain View, from 11:30-1:30pm. Fulfill that “yummy yummy in your tummy” feeling you deserve.
“The captain was informed of the situation, who returned the plane back after getting the nod from the control tower.”
Yana: Well every human knows of Utopia! Where have you been?
BRAZZAVILLE/KINSHASA: Around 200 people were killed on Sunday when an arms dump exploded in Brazzaville, capital of the Congo Republic, a senior official in the presidency said, citing hospital sources.
Shallots-5,finely chopped
I haven't been able to communicate with mom for some time because of her disease. I feel like I can talk to her now. I know she is with my little sister in Heaven surrounded by horses, dogs, cats and lots of donkeys.
As for me, now that school is almost over, I'll be back more often and I'll show you a little bit of what I've been working on!
include indie rock guitar player Franklin Bruno (from the
I like being an organized person. I love it when my house is clean, when I know exactly where my favorite pen is because it's in the same place I always put it, and when my writing is outlined.
Here are some of the latest shots that I have for you guys to enjoy!
I believe that it does our family good to focus on the positive. With life swirling fast around us and the clock not stopping so that I can soak in my girls as much as I'd like to I decided that this February we needed some extra love! And handwritten notes are oh so lovely.
The OnStar subscription for the Chevrolet Volt will also include the safety, security and peace of mind services currently available to OnStar’s subscribers including Automatic Crash Response, Turn-by-Turn Navigation, Hands-Free Calling and Stolen Vehicle Assistance.
And let's not forget the fateful conversation which let to all the current tomfoolery at CBS.
As a fan and follower of the Vlog Brothers I consider myself a Nerdfighter so have chosen to pass on the community message of choosing to feel awesome. Hence why I have been finishing my posts with DFTBA.
According to Bartee’s attorneys, DNA testing was just conducted and indicated that hairs that were tested found in Cook’s hands belonged to Cook. The jury never heard this evidence – and in fact wasn’t told about the hairs at all – which might have undermined the prosecution’s theory of the case that a violent struggle had ensued between Cook and his killer. Still, Judge Román entered the findings as unfavorable, opining that this evidence would not have made a difference in the outcome of the trial, had it been available to the jury. Under Article 64.05 of the Texas Code of Criminal Procedure, Bartee’s attorneys have the right to appeal the unfavorable findings. The fast-approaching execution date significantly impedes this right to due process, however.
1/2 shallot, coarsely chopped
Maisa: Go jump out the window.
“But God said to him, ‘Fool! This night your soul is required of you, and the things you have prepared, whose will they be? So is the one who lays up treasure for himself and is not rich toward God.” Luke 12: 20-21
Morello: Uh… that’s a bag filled with questionable substance.
If you buy your father a novel with a father as a major character, 9 times out of 10 you are going to freak him out. Distant, abusive, absent, disapproving or dead: your typical fictional dad is about as warm and supportive as a pair of boxer shorts stored in the freezer.
M is for Morning.
Winker R, Rüdiger HW. Reproductive toxicology in occupational settings: un update. Int Arch Occup Environ Health 2006; 79: 1-10.
Primarily we sell our ribbons from comprehensive displays, on stands at the major retail shows in the UK and France associated with hobbies and crafts, including sewing, knitting, needlecraft, embroidery, quilting, card making and scrapbooking.
There is also a known cycle of civilization.
“The members of the Commission will be announced later ,” he told a press conference here Wednesday.
My style is refined and classic – and I hope to reflect this love I have for timeless style with every blog post. I believe that every woman deserves to enjoy and embrace clothing and beauty, and The Pearl Diary is the place that does exactly that.
07-Eliminators - Surfin Spies
A compelling story of guilty secrets, troubled friendship and burgeoning love. (Summary from Goodreads.com).
You will remember these people and this story for a long time.
a. Take a deep breath, think to yourself: “I am calm;”
she did not get to make her class easter basket.
And the hours go by like minutes and the shadows come to stay
Okay, and who do you say that you are?
A few months back, I Should Be Working did a post about a radio documentary presented by long time nemesis Michael Portillo. In the post, she had to begrudgingly admit that 'Polly' had come over pretty well, and I think was in danger of admitting that he "seemed alright"! I can relate to this... If there is one smug, smarmy (and dare I say 'punchable') face from the 1980s, then for me it would have to be Gyles Brandreth. I loathed this man, his 'wacky' jumpers and his unhealthy obsession with teddy bears. I found him so oily and nauseating, that I would immediately have to change channels whenever his self-satisfied, grinning mush came on the screen (no remote control in those days either! I'd physically get up and turn the bugger off!). A 5 day a week stint on Countdown was particularly irksome, where in charge of 'dictionary corner' he appeared even more smug (if that was possible). In the 1990's he entered the world of politics, but annoyingly still turned up a little too regularly on TV for my liking.
A pile up of problems, however, has a tendency to make you stand out by turning you into a bitch / douchebag. That's right, I said it. Bitches and douchebags.
12 Pretty Flamingo
Article 62: Proved that the first Defendant knows the meaning and the extent of an archiving dispatch within a criminal process;
A client of mine recently asked for my help with a master bedroom/bathroom update. She was concerned about the location of the toilet - as in, it is visible from the bedroom and it is very close to the shower. She considered flipping the toilet and sink, but the expense of moving it alone AND the additional tile work seemed risky. So we came up with a plan b.
plus our Black Friday savings.....
How often have you heard of a church splitting or dying because they worshiped TOO much? Even every day. Even in lots of ways…like with art, meditation, interacting with the poor (and not just the ones in Africa..but the ones who sleep on the steps of the church at night)…just to name three.
I originally wanted to traditionally publish and sent eleven submissions away and spent a long time perfecting each one. After receiving five rejections I decided to self-publish. Six months on, I still haven’t heard from the other six agents to whom I submitted my work.
Hiking from Chat with Joe, up and down the 3rd access. Little rollers on this route add a couple hundred feet of vert apparently. Quite a hard effort on the uphill.
Can you say excited? Last year Ricky Gervais brought the funny big time and every celeb got offended, but hey, I heard the laughs so cruel or not they all know he was hysterical. And what a better to have a good laugh in this horrible recession, when times are toughest, then to laugh at a funny man making fun of hundreds of millionaires while pointing out all there horrible flaws, convictions, troubled pasts, and continuous screw ups. It's gonna be great!
where full of grace the wings do glide upon the wind that sweeps the sea.
This is a metal figure of "Own Factory". Sorry but I can't give a link to this manufacturer, because I doubt if they still exist. If someone has information about them, just let me know. Then I still can up the link.
Too broken to move on
The person who alters your wedding dress should be able to make sure that you can walk dance breathe and hug people in it.
Today, the area around the house has transformed into a pitiful place, wedged on all sides by vendors selling anything from fruits to pirated DVDs, with a faint aroma from a stinking canal, electrical wires hanging from everywhere and potholes marking the streets and alleys. Just the same, the place instills some national pride as well as gratitude to the family who endeavored to preserve the place. Truly a heritage treasure.
But let’s say that my paper gets posted instead to a peer review website and the first review is negative. Every follow-up reviewer now has to address that. It’s tempting to think that we’ll just all be fair to each other, that any misguided or unfair opinions will be banished through the magic of downvoting. I wouldn’t count on it.
It is important for editors to keep a tight rein on phrases such as these in order to ensure that entire groups of people are not described or categorized incorrectly. Avoiding blanket terms to describe these groups and staying away from metaphors that convey threatening behavior will help eliminate bias in the discussion about immigration.
Eric said they can be serious, they are undefeated as a team, they would be hall of famers if they wrere in baseball, they are proud Hulkamaniacs, and ODB said she’d have Hogan for the night.
I will be doing a review and giveaway of Tropical Traditions coconut oil next week, but by then this sale will be over. It’s such a ginormous deal that I thought I would pass it along. Hurry though, it’s only on for two more days!
“I’ve got a one word text I could send him but it’s a bad, bad word and I think he’d take it the wrong way.”
Most of you probably don't need to be told it's a silver screen adaptation of a best-selling memoir about a man who gets a dog (I haven't read it, but as far as I can gather that's about it as far as plotline goes ...)
We are happy to have a previous Top Three winner as a guest dt member today - Ivonne Hernandez has shared with us two lovely cards using our sponsor's images. Click on her name to visit her blog for more inspiration. Thanks Ivonne!
Totally surprised at the turn of events, I pressed my husband for details. ”She started walking around and seemed fine,” he said. In fact, she walked all the way from the shrubbery to the coop, a good 30 feet and then up the ramp. Amazing!
its so hard to find used clothes/shoes for boys once you get past 12-18 months that are in nice condition, boys just wear things right out so I was pretty happy with these finds! I usually don’t have much luck at all finding clothes! Poor Sadler didn’t get anything, but his wardrobe is set for life, he gets all Gray’s outgrown stuff!
Press your seams either open or to one side, as you prefer. Remember to press and not 'iron'. Ironing involves running the iron back and forward like you'd iron a shirt, pressing is putting the iron down, shot of steam, lift the iron up and repeat. No moving the iron across the fabric as this stretches and distorts your triangles.
doing with these laws? It wasn’t easy since you have us hanging upside
1/4 finely chopped onion
Key Word:
I spent last Friday morning cleaning the cabinet but got carried away when side track kicks; I was just looking through family photo albums and after calculating the number of pics, I jump with happiness! I found nine photos that match the requirement of Cheri O'Neill's sketch for the weekly challenge at Let's Scrap. Saves me the plan to snap pics that weekend.
Snakes are often found out sunning themselves in the heat of the day, while most of us aren’t walking in the ‘heat of the day’ it’s not uncommon for me to come across one while I’m outside walking or running. Learning to identify the difference in poisonous and non poisonous snakes is a good idea. The easiest way to tell the difference is in the shape of their head. Most people find snakes scary and kill them upon sight of them. However, I find that a common garter or ribbon snake is not bad to have around the yard. They eat insects and pesky bugs that steal nutrients from my soil or garden. Plus poisonous and non poisonous snakes will not cohabitate, so if you have a non poisonous snake in the yard the likelihood of finding a poisonous one is slim to none. So having a garter snake around doesn’t make me uncomfortable, however finding a rattle snake would make me feel differently. Find more information about snakes here. Here’s a picture of my oldest son petting a garter snake in our driveway few weeks ago, that he found sunning itself. Note: please know what kind of snake it is before you mess with it.
That got away
We were already running late and so we jumped onto the subte, changed at Diagonal Norte and jumped off at. Independencia(anyone who has spotted the deliberate mistake, hang on all will become clear) As we came out above ground nothing looked right and we headed off in the wrong direction. A block later and I realised we were the wrong side of 5 de Julio. So we turned again. It seemed to take ages to get to Plaza Dorrego, but once there I knew exactly where to go.
Although I had been practicing my white-seamless-open-shade photography setup for over twelve months prior to our meeting, I was a bit nervous when I arrived to photograph Roy at the Issei Memorial Building in San Jose. But Roy was his usual friendly self and he was very patient while I set up my backdrop and prepared to shoot.
I was not in control of my actions by this stage!
Onion, medium sized - 1, finely chopped
Duuuuum duuuum duuuuuuuuuuuum… it was perfect! We were greeted by a friendly face, freshly brewed coffee and a nearly brand new Thorn Sherpa bike, perfect size, mint condition, and dare I say it, beautiful (Yes Jimi I think its beautiful, and not just a bike with two wheels.)
This was probably the best place I have been for snowboarding yet. I was beautiful and the runs were wide and long, just awesome. Plus, Im finally getting better at boarding and cant wait to hit the slopes again!
Hebrews 7:7-10 ESV
What I came to understand is that the energy placed in the locket is for creation only. Once the energy is created into manifested reality, it will leave the locket for the next potential of creation. I was jumping out of my skin with excitement… I asked her team, can I have a locket too??
"Evil Woman" by Electric Light Orchestra
A few years ago I did a series of mixed media pieces on 12" x 12" pieces of plywood that I really hated. So I stuck them in a closet and vowed never to look upon them again. But after my funds for canvas purchases ran low, I decided to paint over some of them in order that I could maybe come up with something I liked.
Have I missed anybody out? Honestly, I'm starting to feel like Captain Kirk assembling the first crew of the Starship Enterprise... "to boldly go where no man has gone before".
In my post yesterday I mentioned I love to read and love books.
I will NEVER tweet/talk of personal correspondence, so query freely! It is an ethical faux pas to do so.
Next began the taping of Superstars and my favorite man at Raw tapings came out: Scott Stanford. I was pretty convinced he wouldn’t see us… again. They filmed the first match, which was Dolph Ziggler against Mason Ryan. Not a bad match, though Mason Ryan doesn’t even look real. Ziggler gave Scott his coat, I love those little tidbits, and I find it funnier that it’s always heels that are doing nice things for Scott, especially since Scott would likely be referred to as a “face” announcer.
2. Contact every agent who has your work (at least those you are most interested in working with) and give them the details of your deal. You don’t need to reveal money matters at this point, but let them know that you have an offer, with what house (you can leave out the editor’s name) and for how many books. And give them a deadline. Let them know you’d like to hear back in 3 to 5 days.
This was the famous 'waiver' period--when the Customs Border Patrol and DHS agents attempted to force community members to surrender their lands on the spot using a piece of paper, and forcing them to sign--in violation of constitutional and international law.
Friday (March 9)~~~ We had the rehersule dinner for the wedding. It went very well in my opinoian. ^-^
My daughter is almost twelve and like all “tween” girls she is lacking direction in certain areas. Becoming increasingly frustrated with the fact that she doesn’t listen to me at all, I decided that I would capitalize on her love of reading to get my point across on certain key issues. So, a couple of nights ago she and I headed out to C & W Used Books to get a couple of publications that deal with tween issues. As we were exiting the “Drama & Angst” section, the fruit of my loins asked if I was getting any literature for my own personal growth, seeing as the Adult “Self-Help Section” was housed next to the tween “Drama & Angst” section (go figure).
"A second-generation skin care expert from the family that developed the world renowned Epicuren® anti-aging skin care products, she now combines her activism for health and environmentalism with expertise in clinical skin care and nutritional science to develop green, effective skin care for pregnant women and children."
look down from heaven, and see;
I went to the eye doctor the other day...it was interesting, bordering on expensive. I went to a different eye doctor last year, and those glasses just weren't working right. I was switching between multiple glasses every day, depending upon which situation my face was in Just so you understand the many, many personalities of those beautiful orbs in my head, I will present a day in the life of my life. I like to call it "the neurotic eye-wear shuffle"
To me this seems like a giant leap. I never liked kissing my aunts and I sure hated the lipstick smudges they’d leave on my cheeks, but I don’t think that gave me an, “I guess from now on I’m jailbait” mentality, either. This just seems like one more, “Watch out!” article that gets parents worried without actually giving them something sensible to do.
The Independent’s was 185,035.
News Conference to be held at the Renaissance Hotel.
Puan Wife D.O.B 26 January 1986
I have to ask you Fred, what's your secret for looking so young. You are very slim and you have fantastic skin, do you spend a lot of time and money taking care of yourself?
To: Nana
Firstly, the very late grocery delivery from Asda - last week I tweeted them that I had a problem, and got a direct message asking for my information, which I gave; and some days later I had a very nice email from someone who spoke for the Asda Directorate, which was not only very apologetic, but confirmed the refund of the delivery charge, and told me that a £15 evoucher had been put into to our account because of the inconvenience suffered.
Robb comes home today!!! YAYAYAYAY! It's been a long week.
Thank you so much for stopping by! I am always so happy to see that you have been to my blog. Please leave comments so I know you were here! PLEASE HELP ME GROW! If you are not a follower yet, would you please click follow?
Interestingly, this dish also has some Persian influences as you might notice. It uses ground sesame seeds, a.k.a. tahini, as a binding agent to hold the yoghurt together, preventing it from splitting.
Icing sugar for dusting
The horribly scary thing is that this is done by public voting. And it's like the X-Factor because books get voted off if they have the least number of votes. PLEEEEEEEASE help me not be the first book voted off :((((((
A State of Mind will open your mind to another perspective on US military aftermath, the beauty that can be found in group consciousness, and the fact that if North Korea ever decides to attack, we would have to kill an entire nation. I say, we let their communist country be and find a peaceful way to be invited to the Mass Games.
What I liked: Cassandra’s relationship with her witch mentor and friend Abby and with her animals. Detective Flynn, who comes into Cass’ life because his sister is missing because he’s tough and caring. Cassandra’s burgeoning relationship with Flynn, which moves quickly but seems rooted in genuine feelings. Dacardi and Michael, the darker men in Cass’ world, who are possibly the most interesting characters in the novel. The basic plot, since there were some nice reveals in the latter half of the novel that made things a bit more interesting.
Medifast meals have been clinically proven in studies conducted at John Hopkins and the National Institute of Health and recommended by over 15,000 doctors. Each meal is nutritionally balanced for your age or special health needs. Medifast is also convenient because we can purchase it online. When I placed my 1st online order in June 2007, I checked a box saying I would like to “sign up for a health coach.” Pat Ciardi called me to introduce herself as my Take Shape For Life health coach, and I was on my way to discovering the easiest weight loss / management program I’ve ever tried. In just 6 short months, I had lost 65 pounds and was wearing a size 6!!!
out of my mouth? Can I even form them? Who knows!
I printed out the Hexagons in regular copy paper and added the faux stitching to make them more defined. The rest? EASY stamping! The stamped flower is a Hero Arts Stamp, but I don't know which set it came from--sorry!
Ever find yourself walking the dog, doing some DIY or taking a paddle down your local waterway thinking, I'd love an inconspicuous but refreshing drink of cold beer?
Recently, Trix and I decided to resurrect our "Friday Night Dinners," except we're no longer going to adhere to any strict schedule, and our efforts are going to primarily focus on the slow cooker. This is to accommodate Trix's limited and often unpredictable schedule, but still allow us to do something we enjoy.
“How are you?”
Ever since Max knew him, Watusi had a thyroid condition which produced a goiter on his neck. He would cover it with scarves or buttoned up shirt collars, but after well over a decade of not taking care of himself, Watusi's condition had progressed to the point that it could no longer be ignored. Max recalls walking into the emergency room of MCV Hospital with Watusi and seeing the horrified expressions on the nurses' faces. The size of the goiter looked like the extreme type of case you'd only see documented in a medical publication. The nurses made him sit in a wheel chair and immediately wheeled him away to see a doctor. Watusi was very nonchalant about the whole thing, amused by all the fuss, cracking jokes all the while. That was Watusi.
When I first opened it I thought, you have got to be kidding me, I can cut this up and make 2 maybe 3 bags out of this!? But I'm happy I didn't. I find the issue I have with most wetbags is the "just toss it in the wash" issue... the diapers never all fall out and you end up with a few that haven't been cleaned. I always took all my diapers out of my wetbag and flipped it inside out. When I got this gigantosaurus I decided to test it out. NO elastic on the mouth of the back means everything slid out easily!
I am just beginning to appreciate that as I age, I am becoming increasingly aware of my preferences as well as my non negotiables. Those things that I cannot, or will not settle without, as well as those that after years of trial and error I have grown to realize do not have a place in the contented niche I am steadily creating for myself.
But everyone you know is busy coming and going from Italy... and they're all bragging about what a wonderful time they had there. And for the rest of your life, you will say "Yes, that's where I was supposed to go. That's what I had planned."
After presents, we played a few games before it was time to get the kids home for bed. It was a fun-filled night and we loved spending it with all the Sorensen family!
The ocean used to scare me out of my wits. I mean, you’re swimming in a large body of water that contains millions of (terrifying) creatures and plants and even underwater mountains! Plus, two of my siblings have been stung by jellyfish, and a shark swam right past me when I was 12. For real. It wasn’t a really big fish, I promise!
Most of them live or lived in the USA and Canada but as I sorted through them the Scottish trail started to come to the fore until there in front of me was details of my grandmothers family.
Hey Julian,
* The disobeying of direct military orders
These thoughts, however, are tools of the oppressor. They are used by the evil one against us to keep us from living freely. Scripture states clearly that we are not alone in our temptations (1 Corinthians 10:13). Jesus himself fought every battle we fight. Just because He was God did not make him any less human and therefore any less susceptible to temptation. In the same verse that tells us that we are not alone in our temptation, God promises us that He will provide a way out for us. He will provide a way for you to endure it. I’ve read that in the original text the meaning of “endure” has to do with a word picture of someone being able to stand under a heavy weight. The weight is still there. The verse says nothing about God taking the temptation away from me. He simply says that I do not have to fail and that HE will provide me the strength to stand under it.
And I shook my head, yes. Because now I'm 5 years old and my future husband is taking care of me. He jumped off the bed and ran into the other room and before he entered he commanded me to close my eyes. So I did. And when I held out my hand, a package was placed upon it. and in that package were....
low to moderate-income person by each approved business. Please provide information detailing the
If ever the 5D Mark III would just have an articulated LCD monitor, I’m sure you guys would contact me for photoshoots. You be the model, I’ll be the one who’ll shoot. However, don’t expect me to be a fashion blogger, because I swear, I don’t inspire people in different ways.
Every spring for the past few years, I've participated in the Walk Now for Autism Speaks Event with my colleagues at PALS (Pacific Autism Learning Services), to help raise awareness and money for children with autism. Autism affects 1 in 110 children, a number that has dramatically increased since I began working with children with autism 20 years ago. Each child with autism that I work with is a unique individual and these socks attempt to capture that. The pattern features four different design options for the top of the foot, allowing you to create your own individualized socks.
For the first time in at least a year, Jenn and I were able to go to the farmer’s market at St. Phillips. Thats the same farmer’s market that I went to a few weeks ago and left after five minutes because I am boring. It was a heck of a lot more fun with Jenn. The market has nearly doubled in size since we first heard about it 3 years ago, I find that awesome. There are not only a lot more vendors there, but now they are selling more than just lettuce and honey. There is all kinds of grass-fed beef, mesquite flour, gluten free tasties, even somebody selling sprouted seeds. Someone flies up to Alaska every fall and catches a ton of salmon, then freezes them and flies home and sells them. Its great to see so many different kinds of locally raised and organic options available.
Now I’ve personally never tried any of these whiskies before so this was another great insight into another part of the whiskey world. Below are my tasting notes on each whiskey offered to us:-
For lack of a better tunnel
Naturally, Beckett has to roll her eyes when they listen to the 911 call charlie made after witnessing the attack. Test results confirm, though, that he and David were bitten by the same person. And then Ryan plays a bit of a security tape that shows a tall figure looming and wandering toward the parking garage at the time of death. The camera zooms in to his face. A decayed face.
Germany rebuilt itself with the aid of generous loans after WW2 and now refuses to assist other countries s in their hour of need without enslaving the citizens of these countries perpetually.
Mr Valcke - who has previously billed the event as a "real African World Cup" - said that African sales were "poor" and that Fifa would have to re-think its strategy towards Brazil, hosts of the 2014 Cup.
As the world economy started to slow sharply in 2008, an estimated 1.91 million patent, 3.3 million trademark, and 660,000 industrial design applications were filed across the world. Compared to 2007, these figures represent a slowdown in the growth of patent and industrial design applications and an actual decline in the number of trademark applications . . . Beyond 2009, there are grounds for optimism as patent applications filed under the Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT) system and international trademark registrations filed under the Madrid system have returned to growth.Data on R&D expenditure compiled for the report show that, on average, companies started to reduce their R&D budgets from early 2009 onward. While 2007-08 registered a slowdown in R&D expenditure, 2008-09 showed an actual decrease (-1.7%) in R&D expenditures.
0-13 – Girl
Tracks C1 - D2 recorded live at Rotherham Arts Centre by INPUT, February 1980
Be Prepared- Make sure you have enough materials for all students. Have enough books, pencils, craft supplies, worksheets, puzzles, etc. for each student. Have a few extra for any new students or if they bring a friend to class.
I highly recommend this place if you're visiting Paris and want to play Julia Child for the afternoon (in English!)
We've had lots of day trips including one to Wimpole Home Farm, with my sister in law and her husband and their three children. Pop Princess adores her cousins and they dote over her and Rock Baby. We also went to stay with our close friends in Oxford who have children about the similar age to us. We have been friends with them for over ten years and I used to live with Rebecca when we are at university. We had some mad times together from mud infested Glastonbury to raving all night till 6am the next day. Obviously life has changed a great deal and we were just pleased we managed to drink a bottle of wine and not feel too grotty the next morning when the kids were up bright and breezy at 6.30am!
I praise God for this illness. It taught me that the steps of a righteous man are ordered of God. It taught me that I am not leaving this planet one moment before my King deems it. It taught me that no force on earth is greater than my God. It taught me that I could praise the Lord even in the valley of the shadow of death. It taught me that when He says that His grace is sufficiant His word is not broken. This word sufficiant does not capture the abundance of His presence that I felt through that time. To have to rely upon God for the very breath that I took was an amazing experience.
Louie is a friend of a friend. He’s a very nice boy – and a very nice-looking boy, even though he has a ponytail (that is longer than mine), and I typically don’t dig that, because I think it’s ‘girly’.
BEFORE I GO TO SLEEP is an ambitious debut novel: a story told from the point of view of an amnesiac whose memory, both short term and most of her long term, disappears overnight and dumps her back into life each morning over two decades earlier. Even then her memory of life until then is patchy and imperfect.
I’m a season behind on this show, but the first season was quite good. I’ve heard it maintains its level of excellence, so more would be welcome.
I went right when I should have gone left. I should point out that it is only in hindsight that I realise that I should have gone left, and had I gone left, I would have missed out on some of the greatest experiences that anyone could have. Specifically, eight of the most wonderful children in the world, and the four most special grandchildren in the world. I know that any of you who have grandchildren will argue with me on this point, but I guarantee you mine are the cutest, smartest and most special grandchildren in all the world.
Following some very impressive performances by the GB team in Israel which saw promotion for the Judy Murray led squad the draw for April’s Fed Cup World Group II play-offs as been made.
Last days of April.
The governor’s budget proposal includes cuts to higher education totaling $265.4 million. In addition to the State System reduction, three of the four state-related universities will see cuts totaling $146.9 million, community colleges, $8.8 million, and the Pennsylvania Higher Education Assistance Agency, $27.2 million.
Affiliated Agent C of Pittsburgh (yay!), who also happens to be a friend of mine, completed his first mission recently. And I'm proud of him. Well done, friend.
I hear sounds of the night
VERY. Very important, I say.
to know what sizes we need.
and to the one who knocks,
-DDT to the leg of Layla.
Yesterday I had a great run.
We spent some time this morning working with CANS, since we’re working on letter C activities this week. We had canned green beans and canned CORN. My kids, for some reason, LOVE playing with the cans in the pantry. They are constantly taking them out and stacking them, putting them in a toy grocery cart, or bagging them for pretend play. Bella (3) joined Noah (5, DS) and me for this activity.
Dangerous Minds celebrates the radical and often controversial ideas set in motion by a number of iconoclast freethinkers.
“I’d rather call you sweety. Is that good enought?” he said and the same silly smile appeared in his face.
I find the path that leads through the trees and bushes and to the place I wish to be. I hunker down into a squat, always listening and sensing, but now going over my plan. I found the blueprints for this place and looked them over well. I found where the managers office was supposed to be, and decided that would be my first visit. Keys, tenant identification, tools, supplies, and many other possibilities, but definitely a best starting point as I see things. If all went well and I found the building to be clean, or at least clear, I might do a little foraging. I force my mind out of the plan and into the now. I have heard and seen nothing for days, I have seen no one outside of the store incidents in weeks, but I do not like be surprised, or shot at, dead again being way out. A few more minutes taking in the final task and all that I can sense around me, squatted, open, and relaxing as I can. It is time.
–Epic Armageddon–
While they were still speaking about this, he stood in their midst and said to them, “Peace be with you.”
1 tablets
manifest
"Nooo......but I don't want anymore." I grumble.
The doctors in this book are all using different methods to treat and cure cancer, but they all revolve around proper nutrition.
The lessons she includes are sweet and unobtrusive. They're good, easy to digest, and don't beat you over the head with morality. I find that stories for tweens are sometimes a little too obvious and pedantic for adults to really enjoy. This isn't the case at all here. There also isn't just one moral in this story. There are several, and each is deftly handled so the point hits home but doesn't feel at all tiresome. I'm far outside the target age group, but I still loved the story and found value in the messages.
You all have heard the name Rachel time and time again on here. Yes, I talk about her a lot, but she is, after all, my nearest and dearest friend. We have been besties for 24 years! She's a part of my family and I love her:
Went to a wedding, got purdy:
Sympathy Notables 3 (coordinating die available below)~ Thank You Tabs (coordinating die available below) ~ Celebrations Mini Tickets (coordinates with already released Mini Ticket die)
Because only God knows what you'll go through
Odd news from around the world
The student finally blurted out,
The obvious topic would be choosing to carry a baby to term, knowing s/he is "damaged." It sounds horrible to see it in print like that. I know. I could certainly write about how I felt when I was pregnant with Kiel, and how for several months we were monitoring an issue with his kidneys, that is often seen in children with Downs. Or that when we first found out we were finally pregnant, I told myself that no matter what we found out during the pregnancy, I was not giving up that child. And how my pregnancy altered my pro-choice beliefs in some ways.
My friend Jordan was the host (we decided to rotate who hosts each month), and she bought all of us plain frames and gave us a whole bunch of supplies to use as decorations. It was fun to see what different people came up with when given all of the same options.
He is there with you now!
I have some great friends, and along the way I have been edified and often rescued from some fairly silly pity-parties by their resourcefulness and can-do attitude. I think everyone needs a friend, someone who is going to encourage you and tell you that you can do it.
Therapist: Feels like never, hard to imagine different. Careful about what you tell yourself.
Since the newspaper industry is, sadly, declining steadily, a lot of this dirty-laundry-in-the-open service is found online, where the playing field between public and celebrities has been levelled consistently in recent years. The internet, with its various platforms for personal expression such as blogs, social networking sites and web-based publications, has done a lot to knock down that wall of impenetrability that used to exist between "famous people" and the rest of us, mere mortals. Although, taking into account that anyone can gain notoriety these days with minimum effort, fame is no longer that hard to achieve. What stands out more, however, is that opening a magazine nowadays and being presented with a photo gallery of celebrities looking the worse for wear is no longer a rarity, but the yardstick by which modern journalistic standards are judged.
Black wooden beads - Witchery
So I tuck it all away, like everything’s okay
the passenger side,
welfare state/something-for-nothing society
It was just under $15. It's a titch short for bare legs (I'd do it with tights for sure, though), so I layered my cream ruffly skirt underneath it.
I started with a nice light lavender shade, Glamourville by Chi Chi. I then used *gulp* TEQUILA to transfer the newspaper onto my nails. I didn't have time to pick up any rubbing alcohol, then the lovely Swaafie suggested real booze. I didn't have any Vodka at home so Tequila came through for me in the end lol.
“That thing that was in your tooth,” Casbolt said., “When it came out it sent a beacon. And you are carrying it around. Give it to me, yank.”
I sprinted to the janitor's closet. Sprinted might be too strong a word since I was huffing and staggering and begging for mercy by the time I got halfway there. The closet door hung open. I peered inside the small space and grimaced at the chemical fumes stinging my nose. A metal shelf held several containers of various cleansers. I supposed if Nathan needed a chemical bath, any of them would be perfect but they wouldn't do much good in a fight. I spotted the only serviceable weapon: a broom. It was a far cry from what the Lady of the Lake offered King Arthur, but I didn't have much of a choice. I grabbed it.
There used to be a saying to define loyalty that went something like, “you dance with the one who brought you.” Well, for better or worse, Coors and Miller (and some brewers who no longer exist) got me where I am today. I’m more than happy to toss a few bucks their way now and then and I definitely won’t turn up my nose at them if I show up at someone else’s picnic to find them in the ice chest.
And just what the heck is "perfection" anyway?? In food and life and health does it mean never eating a morsel of food you "shouldn't" (and who gets to make up the rules)? Living longer than anyone else (as if we REALLY have control over that!). Never getting sick or having an ailment (good luck with that one). Perfection is an illusion.
I had not sat down and focused on the flavor of this brew but I'm glad I did. Even with the on-the-fly changes I am pleased with how this turned out. I doubt I will let more than a bottle or two get much older as previous batches turned too sweet, almost syrupy, when the hops faded.
9. William and Lorelei play very well together. She is happy to follow his lead about the kind of games they play.
Sydney Peace Foundation director, Professor Stuart Rees, said Dr Shiva was an inspiring recipient of the award. “Many communities are threatened by the consequences of global warming, yet in Australia the movement to address this issue has gone to sleep,” he said. “Vandana’s presence in Sydney in November should wake them up.”
I've also read in the residence guide that certain shops keep pork. I just haven't found them yet. Carrefour and Geant are the two biggest shops close to us, and they don't carry pork at all. I'm hoping there is a bigger Spinneys around somewhere that maybe has it. But that means going out driving and finding your way round. I have driven a bit around, but the roads are really confusing. They seem to cut off lanes and driving options at random, and suddenly a road will split and they put in huge concrete barriers, but there are no signs to say that warn you to stay on the one or the other side if you're meant to turn off in a couple of intersections time. It's all down to knowledge and previous experience, preferably not older than 1-2 weeks.
There is a back cottage and a big white garage, and so much space to run around.
We walked back through the gardens and took a few more pictures of the castle before heading out into town and getting lunch at The Muskerry Arms Pub. After lunch we walked over to Blarney Woolen Mills and I purchased a new Irish Sweater for myself and continued my search for a license plate for the front of my car.
