These PIGS is some Baddist who like plenty Bacchanal!
I did toy with the idea of naming him but, as he was not funny, decided against it.
Of course, more meat diets in China, futures market speculation, higher prices for oil and some bad weather and poor food reserve planning have also contributed to shortages and higher prices.
Smallbar Division
As we left the hall Izzy said to me
that way i didn't have to hand make a bunch of invites - just one to copy - easy peasy.
Today was my second day of work at my new job. I'm a Clinical Assistant at a psychiatric facility. If I was working at a hospital on, say a post-surgery floor, Clinical Assistant (CA) would mean I'd be taking samples of various bodily fluids, vital signs, and probably making beds. At the psychiatric facility, the work I'll do doesn't have much of a physical component. I take vital signs once a day, but other than that, most of the chart notes I'll make concern behavior and clients' adherence to the program and rules.
Horses are large, expensive children at about three years human mentality - perhaps maturing to a five year old human level.
so on to my card which i am entering into the following challenges:
Taste: You just have to experience it. I can’t put into the right words. 5/5
Victor Ribaudo
There are the four accepted logos: bass, drums, guitar, and vocals; but the articulate one has three mics. Well, no huge abruptness there. Harmonies accept been featured in both Beatles: and Blooming Day: Bedrock Band…
What kind of a civilization is this?
1.Growing up everyone thought I would be a Famous Actress (I did dabble in Film, & TV) …I had a theater scholarship for college. Someday when I have more time I would love to participate again locally.
Ice Milk
- Exist convenient withdrawal and deposit alternatives?
group, Hotcha.
I used our heavy duty brown mailing paper for this, and it was perfect. It is a thick, heavy-duty paper which really came in handy as the kids enjoyed walking the lines as much as they enjoyed driving them. This activity turned out to interest Seth (2), Bella (3) and Noah (5 – Down syndrome). I have no doubt the Middles would have liked this too if they were here, and I think it would be especially good for Andres, who seems to have some OT issues, although I can’t quite put my finger on where his deficit is. Because it came off a tight roll, as soon as I lifted it from the floor, it curled back up into a tube shape – perfect for storing.
"Don't live within your means, but rather within your needs."
Again, no pictures because it's hard to really see. I used Minwax's water-based Polycrylic (same as on the nightstands, it's pretty good stuff).
So next up on this project is to get the chalkboard wall finished (I've got one coat up and it takes 3 days to cure once you've got the last coat on) and to finish repainting over the lower white wall with the same top color (again, not my favorite but we already own the paint so it's not costing us a thang!). Then I may just suck it up and paint all the baseboard/window trim although I'd like to avoid it forever. Finally, I thinking some simple crown molding might be nice (along with a painted ceiling but that's definitely far off.
5. "Walking on Sunshine" by Katrina and the Waves.
The joy of the world can make us look happy, but the joy of the Lord affects the heart.
Mexican food doesn’t get a tremendous amount of respect. Whether or not it gets the respect it deserves is a matter for another site, I suppose. Something about its ubiquity and its ability to remain tasty while suffering in quality, though, has led to it assuming a place in American cuisine where nobody is expecting much. I think that’s too bad. I eat a fair number of tortas, probably more than any other particular type of sandwich, and I’m hoping that one of these days one of them is going to really knock my socks off. What I have long suspected is that there is a sandwich out there that is as transcendent an experience as the bánh mì at Saigon Bánh Mì. That there is a torta out there that is genuinely sublime, something that when I find it will forever influence my greater sandwich worldview. I had a great, great sandwich at Los Reyes de la Torta, but the very fact that I’m writing this suggests that it didn’t have quite the impact that it could have. You might be wondering what makes me so certain that sandwich is out there, and I’ll admit that for a while it was just an idle thought, something I would consider from time to time but never really embraced. But when I sat down to eat the Torta Milanesa from Adelita’s Taqueria, I knew my search had begun in earnest.
Goodness - sky high military budget, American and Israeli military advisors (read the articles before this one) in their thousands (15,000 American soldiers in country before the attack) and no one could foresee the Georgian attack on Ossetia.
2) Have you ever tried any of the newer Featherweights, clones, or vintage competitors? How do they compare?
For those who have not had the pleasure of a this medical procedure, let me enlighten you. First, you restrain from eating solids while drinking chalk and visiting the toilet to expel more manure than anyone thought the human body could hold. Next, a loved one wheels your dehydrated body to the hospital to have a needle inserted into a flat vein. It's nighty night while a doctor inserts a scope up your butt in search of polyps. These bugabears are instantly clipped and tested for cancer.
DESCRIPTIONS AND TIMES OF WORKSHOPS
The smell of coffee drifted tantalizingly through my room. Maybe that was what woke me up, even. For a time I just lay there, being awake... but, well, not awake enough to actually move.
i am so going to hold my breath waiting for that reply.
Start talking to an adult of your choice. Have someone else continually tug on your skirt hem, shirt- sleeve, or elbow while playing the 'mommy' tape made from Lesson 10 above. You are now ready to have a conversation with an adult while there is a child in the room. This is all very tongue in cheek; anyone who is parent will say 'it's all worth it!' Share it with your friends, both those who do and don't have kids. I guarantee they'll get a chuckle out of it. Remember, a sense of humor is one of the most important things you'll need when you become a parent!﻿
"Those who seek absolute power, even though they seek it to do what they regard as good, are simply demanding the right to enforce their own version of heaven on earth. And let me remind you, they are the very ones who always create the most hellish tyrannies. Absolute power does corrupt, and those who seek it must be suspect and must be opposed. Their mistaken course stems from false notions of equality, ladies and gentlemen. Equality, rightly understood, as our founding fathers understood it, leads to liberty and to the emancipation of creative differences. Wrongly understood, as it has been so tragically in our time, it leads first to conformity and then to despotism.
Wants to share
Hawkins stood. "Tell you what. We need to be going. Just let me leave you with a thought. If you became convinced that these things are true, would you be baptized in the Mormon Church?"
The purple-hued ad features Selena Gomez posing soaking wet, in a waist-high body of water, dressed in a strapless flowing purple gown. Her dark hair is slicked back to reveal gold hoop earrings and smoky makeup. The 19-year-old described the motif of the ad as “simple and pretty,” to Us Weekly.
-Reactor vessels are difficult, time consuming and expensive to manufacture because of the absolute necessity for near perfection in forming, welding and machining
We went to the Cabana del Tio Tom, translation: Uncle Tom’s Cabin. Mmm tasty commentary-on-racism! (He’s telling us where to sit) But the tapas are huge! Let me explain the concept of a tapa, because it is a great one. You buy a small drink, and then you choose a little plate of food to go with it, the tapa. The tapa is included in the price of the drink! So the past few meals I’ve had I haven’t paid more than 5 euros for a meal. And even though the plates are small, with a few drinks it is very filling!
Icewolf
(7) there is evidence of cognitive difficulties, especially with information processing, memory and/or attention;
TRIVALLE C, OKENGE E, HAMON B, TAILLANDIER J, FALISSARD B. Factors that influence influenza vaccination among healthcare workers in a French geriatric hospital. Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol 2006; 27: 1278-1280.
I pose this question about claims of divine miracles: what most likely was the significant factor that saved young Dale Ostrander from death ...
”If I was ever going to use the term miraculous it could be used here. He has made a remarkable recovery so far.”
You are a trap at the end of me
Despite your intention not to re-contest, surely Umno is trying to persuade you to stand in Jerantut. Perhaps, certain aspects of your constituency are neglected by the government because they say Jerantut is a fixed deposit because who is going to vote against the sultan’s brother because the rural folk revere the sultan?
Did I mention that a live band including Miss Momi’s husband played the music and all of the singing was performed by Mrs. Babas, Ms. Braithwaite and Miss Momi’s daughter Makana? Amazing.
The G-Shock Frogman – A True Adventurer Wristwatch
Open mic crowds are pretty tough to make laugh, especially when you perform second to last out of 30 people like I did, but thankfully I had my Auburn girls in the crowd– exaggerating their laughter and cheering me on. I had four minutes to dish out my monologue, which seemed like the blink of an eye compared to the preparation that went into it. Several people have asked me, “Paul, what do you do to prepare before you go on stage?”
And why name it Zoft? There are lots of better names ... Double D Mint, Juicier Fruit, Bazooka Janes, Boobalicious. And of course if they ever produce a male version, they can call it diclets.
But you know what? He doesn't have to be a foaming-at-the-mouth racist to have done an unconscionable thing that night out of bad motives.
“So shall my word be that goeth forth out of my mouth; it shall not return unto me void, but it shall accomplish that which I please, and it shall prosper in the thing whereto I sent it.”
Lydia
MS Punch- Branch, and Loop Punch
Canon 5d Mark II
Did you know today is Star Wars Day? And in the spirit of May Fourth, I’m sharing random lines from Episodes IV, V, and VI—a hearty dose of TWSS (or TWHS) for any Star Wars fan. Enjoy.
Staffordshire Surge lineman Tom Donlan, 22, is pleased with the weekend’s outcome.
I was planning on wearing the juju shirt on my long 20-mile run and couldn’t afford anything holding me back, like juju or black magic. Based on the run on Sunday, the jury was still out.
Raping and degrading a young girl just because you can is not a "lapse of judgment" - that is an insulting statement which implies anyone is capable of such a thing, should they feel they can get away with it.
After today I need a whole crackload of this pseudo happiness.
I am handling few new important things at the moment but I miss crafting so much that I made this card. Hope you like it. Also, I am progressing quite well in my new venture, and I hope I will have more free time eventually. Thanks a lot for dropping by, take care and have a wonderful day!!
Orders were made at VCAT revoking the Enduring Power of Attorney and appointing my client as Administrator of the estate. All far too late though, as the horse has bolted and the chances of recovering enough funds to keep Mom comfortable are minimal.
Black Mascara
I said to Hank Williams: how lonely does it get?
Happy Sunday stampers! It is time for another challenge from Stampin' Sisters in Christ, where all of our challenges are based on scripture. This week's hostess is our beloved sister Rebekka who has selected this verse from Job 13:15 "Though he slay me, yet will I trust in him." Her challenge is to make a card that praises our God and Savior.
Are you wading through half term with your kidlets demanding to be entertained?
We all act according to our identity, or the perceived identity of ourselves, or by the identity by which we would like to be perceived. If the Gospel identifies Christians, then we act/speak according to it and about it. And true Christians are identified by the Gospel. Christians are the people of the Gospel. Christians believe it and proclaim it. Christians love it and are not ashamed of it.
To enter my giveaway:
In case you had forgotten what the last five minutes of the first Rocky was like, you get to rewatch it. Rocky Balboa (Sylvester Stallone) and undefeated heavyweight champion Apollo Creed (Carl Weathers) finished their epic battle in the ring. A split decision gives the win to Apollo Creed and Rocky and his girlfriend Adrian (Talia Shire) share “I love you’s” in the ring. After the match, Apollo Creed has already forgotten that he said in the ring that he didn’t want a rematch and challenges Rocky to another fight, but Rocky declines, having promised Adrian that he would retire. Rocky proposes to Adrian and the two get married. The money from the fight goes to Rocky’s head as he buys a house, a car, and a bunch of extravagances. Money then becomes an issue and Rocky must do some odd jobs to provide for Adrian and their upcoming child. Apollo receives a bunch of hate mail mocking him for rigging the fight so that he would win even though the bell clearly saved him. Apollo embarks on a smear campaign to goad Rocky into fighting again. Rocky must choose between his heath, his wife, and being true to himself.
You can often get a good handle on this from the language of the job description and the history of the role. The information provided will use more dynamic language if they are looking for the type of person who sees this as a transition role, or more subdued language if the culture of the organisation is such that they prefer a person who is likely to settle in for the long-haul.
1 daunting
2006, at Wexford, he rode his first treble and joined the powerful Co Durham stable of Howard Johnson in the summer of 2007. He enjoyed a great start for his new connections at the 2008 Cheltenham Festival, with Tidal Bay in the Arkle Trophy and Inglis Drever in the Ladbrokes World Hurdle, which was a third triumph in the race for the great horse. O’Regan led the Grand National field with three to jump in the 2008 renewal but his mount, Bewleys Berry, ran out of steam and ultimately finished fifth. In November 2008, O’Regan sampled victory over the Grand National course as he partnered Black Apalachi in the Becher Chase and his major successes at the John Smith’s Grand National meeting include Killyglen in the 2009 matalan.co.uk Mildmay Novices’ Chase and Tidal Bay in the 2008 John Smith’s Maghull Novices’ Chase. O’Regan partnered Black Apalachi in both the 2009 and 2010 renewals of the John Smith’s Grand National. Unseated at the 22nd when leading the field in 2009, O’Regan enjoyed another thrilling ride when Black Apalachi led for much of the second circuit until headed at the last to finish second in 2010. O’Regan and Johnson parted ways on April 17, 2010, when the rider’s three-year retainer with the trainer’s main patron Graham Wylie came to an end. He tasted Grand National success last season, albeit aboard General Hardi in the North Yorkshire version at Catterick in January. His best British season was in 2008/2009 when he has 81 successes, while this season his tally so far has been 52 (up to April 9) as freelance. John Smith’s Grand National Record: 2007 Ballycassidy (UR 24th); 2008 Bewleys Berry (5th); 2009 Black Apalachi (UR 22nd); 2010
These aren’t the inner pinings of a narcissistic teen, twenty-something or a panicked thirty-something making a last futile attempt at figuring out who she wants to be when she grows up. It’s a desire older than baby teeth and the capability to physically produce the sound of simple phonics.
Carl was the advisor to the Cornell Students for the Ethical treatment of Animals. Ann Druyan, (Carl’s wife) said she thought Carl had gotten to the point where he would never buy another leather jacket. Anyway his remarks here also apply to our attitudes towards other species.
- Twitter
As you long for the beautiful stranger" Said the vanishing beautiful stranger
How’s that for deep Jedi wisdom?
The amici curiae explained that particularly for biological/pharmaceutical products, new uses may be discovered as research continues after the initial filing. . . . A change of law “in ways that negatively impact the patentability of important later-discovered uses” serves no public purpose in areas in which commercial development requires patent protection. If the majority of the court now believes, as a matter of policy, that the law should be changed in this new direction, en banc treatment is particularly appropriate, for the court’s rule is that the earlier precedent prevails unless overruled en banc. A situation in which the court ignores this rule, and applies whatever law the panel prefers, is an indictment of the ability of this court to provide stable law in the areas entrusted to us.
- Cut holes in a sports bra (the kind that zip up the front work best but any will do) to make a DIY hands-free pumping bra.*
A pretty straight forward card with lots of things I love on it: my new heart circle nesties (thanks again Tanis!), scallops and Verve's flutterby and charming oval dies. Quick and easy with some black accents to finish things off. However, now that I look at the picture, I'm thinking the addition of some embossing to the circle element would have been a good idea - may have to go back and try it to see if I like it. Darn hindsight....maybe I should just make it common practice to take a picture of my card, look at it, and then decided if I need to add/change anything before I post it. Welcome to my creative woes LOL!
Mumocracy: The System my which my family is run. All decisions and choices regarding the family are made by the female parental figure, thus Mumocracy.
Josh's riff:
“In many ways, his appointment caught people by surprise the way Cardinal (Marc) Ouellet’s caught people by surprise when he came back to Quebec. The surprising way in which it happened is a sign that it really was God’s doing.”
Hello Polisholics,
8) Black Evangelicals, White Evangelicals, and Franklin Graham’s Repentence They see those 2,000 scriptures about poverty and injustice. And this new generation of white evangelicals is committed to fight systemic and structural justice because of the Gospel.
Pumping
All over Britain, more and more authors are speaking out in public with loud and angry voices about the importance of libraries and the idiocy of closing them. We are blogging, writing articles, writing to newspapers and MP's, signing open letters and doing all we can to raise public awareness. Books are a lifeline, an escape, an education--easy access to them via local libraries should be a basic right for all, and most especially for the next generation.
Kaleidoscope was the result of a nine brewery collaboration between (take a
It really spokes to me! I just love it.
For the last couple months, I have cut way back on my portions, for all my meals. I have about two scoops of All Bran and just a touch of 2% milk. No more multiple bowls!
-MJ
Holding hands, we start towards the car.
CD 1:
I have been a member of Goodreads for a couple years now and enjoy reading in the evenings. Goodreads is a site that allows members to sign in and record the books they've read and get ideas for books they might want to read next. I have enjoyed Debbie Macomber's Cedar Cove series lately and I love Janet Evanovich too. So the Novel Challenges site sparked my interest. There are several types of challenges that you can join and even earn prizes. I am going to join the "Finish a Series" challenge, the "European Reading" challenge which is like taking a tour of Europe (I signed up for 2 books) and the "Southern Literature" challenge ( I am going to read 2 books for this challenge). The challenges begin in January 2012 and end in December 2012 so you have a little while to check the sites out and sign up for a challenge or two! Please consider joining me and share your reviews of the books you read. Sounds like fun, don't you think? Of course I will still share my love of cards and scrapbooking if this isn't your cup of tea. (Boy that sounds good while reading in a comfy chair on a rainy day, doesn't it?) Reading is yet another interest of mine that I want to share with you. :-)
½ tsp. garlic powder
If I'd known about the challenges I would face, would I have chosen differently? What if I had known about the blessings I would receive? Interesting to think about, but futile, of course. God fills in the gaps in His own timing.
I have kicked my walking back up to 3 miles a day, though sometimes when Matt goes with me to the track, we do more. I just spread it out-1.5 after breakfast and 1.5 before dinner. Then, like last night, if we hit the track, it's all bonus. Yesterday I did 6.5 miles! Today I am down a pound. LOL And so it goes.
There are three groups of outcomes. Positive, neutral and negative.
7. Nights In White Satin
How often do you like to take baths (me)?
I am stressing today. That guy I was supposed to be shadowing is out on leave now. Seem his little boy came early. My manager is off this week too. So I am left fielding questions I have no immediate answer for. The good thing is the people asking the question are understanding so far. I just don’t like seeing emails in my box from the boss’s boss. I like to be left alone. The greener grass is getting paid for today.
Midterms are starting this week; I have one in French next Monday, one in History next Wednesday, and one in Arabic next Wednesday. Courses are going really well; I’ve started French tutoring, and my Sub-Saharan History class will switch soon to student-led lessons. Other than that, there isn’t much to report, other than that Spring Break is coming up in just two short weeks; one weekend left to travel before that. I’ll probably head to Casablanca and Rabat to say hi to my first host family.
In food processor, whip tofu until smooth.
Say that title three times fast! I couldn't help it, such a perfect way to describe the INCREDIBLE space you are about to see!
I play sorcerers a lot. In fact, I'd guess that roughly half the characters I've played, including my current character, have been sorcerers. One constant that applies to all the sorcerers I've built is that they have all been underpowered. The sorcerer class offers more options for character design than just about any other class and most of those options are bad from the perspective of optimization. Why? Because most of the bloodline powers encourage you to create a character that resembles a spellcasting rogue or melee fighter. Let me tell you, if you want to be a fighter in Pathfinder, be a fighter (or a paladin, maybe). Anything else is the very definition of suck in this game. Sure, it sounds cool to create a character who can launch a fireball, then charge in and lay a beatdown. Unfortunately, Pathfinder doesn't reward versatility. While the sorcerer is buffing himself, the fighter and the wizard have already killed every living thing within a half mile radius. High-level Pathfinder combat is a lot like the last two minutes of a football game. It seems to take forever, but in game time, it's only a couple of rounds at most. So to be effective, a character has to be able to contribute something substantial immediately and most sorcerer builds can't do that.
Will I be reporting directly to DownUnder Direct or will there be a team co-ordinator:
Sassy's basketball team lost their first game, but Sassy played some mighty good defense and ended up with 2 fouls and 1 illegal contact call.
FUN FACTS, GOOFS, & SILLY STUFF: You may know, from the cover, that a lot of people in this book are illustrated looking dusty, covered in debris, and the like. Well, in a few illustrations, Fone actually loses all the debris on his body, before automatically having it back the next illustration.
I love this stuff!
The boomer generation, born in the 1950’s to early 1960’s, may have dim memory of an iconic song or two of hers. The majority of the audience seemed to fall in the same age category if one can judge grey hair without hair colouring. I remembered her song, Universal Soldier that was released after Bob Dylan’s Blowin’ in the Wind, another 1960’s anti-war protest song that defined that era.
HBUs are calculated by multiplying the AAU (Alpha Acid Unit) of a hop by the number ounces being used. So a pilsner recipe, for example, can have a listing for hops like this:
After breakfast we headed to Chadstone to pick up a few bits and pieces. It's the fashion capital after all. Here we ran into an uni friend who is a fellow foodie and actually gave us a cocktail idea for the wedding. Snap. So nice to see you, Ben! Ben appreciates weekend deliciousness.
your in now for us all to pick..
Changing clothes
Anyway, that’s it for now.
The Boy recently found out what a "push present" is. (To be fair, I only found out what a Push Present was not so long ago, too. If you don't have kids, and don't plan to, there's just a whole entire vocabulary that you'll never acquire.)
by Fiona Robyn
Brown the "meat"
Upscale marketplace style venue by Patina Group - go through the line to pick up pre-packed salads and sandwiches from $7.95, cheese and charcuterie plates, bottle drinks and mini-bar sized wine from the refrigerated section. Daily special hot entrees and sides (e.g. John Dory fish or meat loaf with mashed potatoes and green beans) for $11.95-$12.95 served behind the counter.
You never returned.
Made available to American grocery stores between 1965 and 1967: Bac-Os bacon bits, Shake 'N' Bake, Doritos, Easy Cheese, SpaghettiOs, Tang, Cool Whip.
“Salvation is found in no one else, for there is no other name under heaven given to mankind by which we must be saved.”
Question of the week: What is the health benefit of Cranberry Juice in addition to its Vitamin C content?
Read one of these great classics or a more fun and frolicking modern poem to your students on World Poetry Day and then have them complete this Poem Review worksheet.
Authorities said the Miyazaki woman illegally accessed the game with a password she hijacked from a colleague. That made it appear as if her coworker committed the online murder.
Yeah, I still can't figure out the linking thing....old dog, new tricks ya know.
Tallow Acid – See Tallow.
"But Tony is already dead, and he knows that power is a blade that cuts two ways."
I am so in love with lace and pastels at the moment , and the thought that I'll be missing part of spring in the UK is a little devastating .
Jack literally just liberated Locke from his suffering.
and the Atlas Mountains. It became a dream destination.
Every day girls & women (myself included) strive to LIVE the Girl Scout Promise & Girl Scout Law in their daily lives. Daily. Daily live a principled life. At home, at school, in our communities….. in the world.
Sugar cube (or a tsp caster sugar)
Thought I would take some photos of our open living as I haven't posted any since we acquired some hand-me-down furniture, such as the antique 3 seater, 2 armchairs, which are currently in our family room until we decide what to do with them. The round table we also acquired from MrB's mum will be painted white and will stay where it currently is in my photos below, in the meals area.
and came out this idea since I have those ingredients
Sentiment: Marianne design
The main difference between her and her film character is this “why don’t they pull themselves out of it” attitude, which Jaoui dismisses as “almost a right-wing way of reasoning”. But sorting through childhood photographs, Agathe later realises how pampered she was, and the extent to which their mother cold-shouldered her sister. She leaves a long, weepy telephone message on her estranged boyfriend’s voicemail. The dominating woman has become human.
Mickey’s Not-So-Scary Halloween Party
Proof the active dry yeast in ¼ cup luke warm water along with 1 teaspoon of sugar. Mix everything and set aside until the yeast become frothy. It takes about 10 – 15 minutes depending upon how warm is your kitchen.
The Federal Circuit found this sort of pleading deficient:
Axon- or dendrite-predominant outgrowth induced by constituents from Ashwagandha.
I danced. Some very fantastic dances and the worst dance I've ever had as well.
The story remains the same with this indicator. Just as last week optimism is waning but there are still far too many newsletters who believe the current market weakness is merely a ‘correction’. While the bulls have receded from a peak of 57% in April to 37% this week, the bears are still too few in number at 26% to provide a meaningful signal.
Remember: You are beautiful :) Enjoy your day!
15mph and 20mph limits are a nightmare for car emissions. You have to run in 2nd gear most of the time, revving the fuck out of the engine for no reason. At least at 30mph you can sit in 4th and cruise with no difficulty. I wonder what the environmentalists will make of all of this? I wonder what would happen if you put one against the other in a fight to the death?
Could I ask you a personal question? Are you longing to go to heaven and be with the Lord? If the answer is “yes,” why is it so? I fear that for most believers it is to be free from the aches, pains and anxieties of this earthly life. But that was not the reason for the apostle’s departure. He wanted to be with the Lord.
Now, they don’t have to establish that there was penetration committed against the accuser . . . In addition to that, now they don’t have to deal with the DNA or the lack of DNA evidence. And with the rape shield statute, it’s unlikely that information will even come before the jury to consider.
O God, whose Son Jesus is the good shepherd of your people: Grant that when we hear his voice we may know him who calls us each by name, and follow where he leads; who, with you and the Holy Spirit, lives and reigns, one God, for ever and ever. Amen.
So for months and months, I'd explain, with a totally exasperated tone of voice, "This is no longer Keri's phone number." Texts and voice messages, I'd just ignore. Gradually, the wrong numbers (on this phone number anyway) tapered off.
to acknowledge the state of my soul
-Unpredictable situations
The airline has confirmed flights from Brisbane and Coolangatta, and to New Zealand and Bali, in May and June this year were affected.
“All events and incidents in life are so intimately linked with the fate of others that a single person on his or her own cannot even begin to act. Many ordinary human activities, both positive and negative, cannot even be conceived of apart from the existence of other people. Even the committing of harmful actions depends on the existence of others. Because of others, we have the opportunity to earn money if that is what we desire in life. Similarly, in reliance upon the existence of others it becomes possible for the media to create fame or disrepute for someone. On your own you cannot create any fame or disrepute no matter how loud you might shout. The closest you can get is to create an echo of your own voice.”
If anything, this disclosure should make things interesting – the Golden Globe-winning Pitt has proven to be a quality actor in his past works, but how will he do portraying a baseball expert like Beane? Pitt himself went on to tell Mail that “I’m a sucker for the underdog story,” in revealing what drew him to the part initially.
In addition, Señor Porras was a Senator from Lima and served as the Minister of Foreign Relations, akin to the United States Secretary of State.
Eagle x 4
I paused…….. “Im asking you to let me celebrate my anniversary.” ……”No”
Social media sites like Facebook and Twitter would then probably instruct their users in what could and could not be posted on those sites. Social media sites, given responsibility for ensuring copyright law is not broken, would shift some of that responsibility onto users.
I feel like Proverbs 31 is tainted.
Romans 8:31-32 (NLT)
I am spending money on things. Summer camp tuition for The Geej. A new HDTV and media cabinet. A blue topaz pendant necklace. A couple of Pricelined nights at fancy hotels. I feel worry and a vague sense of guilt with every purchase. I wonder if I'm being frivilous. My upbringing has taught me that even small financial indulgences are bad.
Nevertheless, I know in whom I have trusted. My God hath been my support; he hath led me through mine afflictions;…he hath filled me with his love, even unto the consuming of my flesh.
Dolls creep us out, and if you believe they're just innocent playthings, your soul will be the first to get ripped out while you sleep. Creepy-Ass Dolls is full of twisted little porcelain and plastic playmates with chilling thoughts, sinister plans, and disturbing enjoyments, whether it?s becoming future fashion designers of clothes that eat skin or giving murder hugs. Remember, there's a reason dolls are kept in a toy box and if they get out, pray your soul is yours to keep.
I'll be honest, I felt SO strongly that God was going to heal our baby. I had such a peace about it, and the entire morning of our appointment, I secretly thought that we'd look at that screen and see that all of the fluid had disapeared.
In 2004, emeritus professor of physics at California State University and American representative to the UN, Roger Dittmann, stated that all policies related to Agenda 21 should be pursued with the aim of worldwide population reduction and population control. “The Big Die Off,” the professor eagerly added, “has already begun.”
Falling—falling, catch me.
But every work of art, divine or diabolic, has one indispensable mark — I mean, that the centre of it is simple, however much the fulfilment may be complicated. Thus, in Hamlet, let us say, the grotesqueness of the grave-digger, the flowers of the mad girl, the fantastic finery of Osric, the pallor of the ghost and the grin of the skull are all oddities in a sort of tangled wreath round one plain tragic figure of a man in black.
When the paramedics came,
Challenge Stage 1 - As not everyone likes blog hopping you can still take part in our normal challenge which is Easter themed, make a card or project which is Easter themed.
This incident could be straight out of a Mills & Boon romance where Prince Charming comes to the rescue of a damsel in distress and carries her in his arms… only this time the ‘Prince Charming’ is Dulha Mil Gaya director Muddasar Aziz and the ‘damsel in distress’ is his love interest Sushmita Sen, as this photo clearly shows. Not known to do things halfway, Sushmita made clear that, like all women, she too is delighted when her man spoils her silly. Take for instance this incident, which happened on the sets of Dulha Mil Gaya.
B. The Wise Person Will Be Despised By A Fool
I thought this might just be a joke when I first saw it, but it's true!
sea salt, dulse or braggs to taste
For some interactive e-tutorials and e-pictorials that you purchase once payment is made you are emailed a link to a password protected website where you can view the e-tutorial or e-pictorial that you purchased and interact with the designer. This is also true of e-classes.
Here is your pretty for the day
Breakdown of RSS subscribers as of October 2010 - (Feedburner/Google Reader: 3,185; Google Friend Connect: 511+; Facebook: 1,260)
1 small hot pepper, seeded and minced
With no note left, she felt disgraced
I lie in wait.
APPROXIMATE TIME: 10am – 7pm
So if you see me this weekend...don't throw up any gang signs. I have no idea what they mean...I'm just a fat girl in the process of transforming my body.
They are pricey here. I ran across some at the Burlington Antique Show I went to a few weeks ago. They were going for $28 each. That seems reasonable.
“Want to find the most dangerous place in the universe? Easy. Harm a hair on Amy’s head and just wait. But as the last of the Time Lords and the Lone Centurion blaze across galaxies to save the woman in both their lives, history is unfolding. In her cell, in Stormcage, River Song knows the time has come at last. She has a secret and this is the day she tells it. The battle of Demons Run has begun and the Doctor’s darkest hour is now.”
Just as the manna in the wilderness had sustained the children of Israel, now the same bread from heaven would sustain humanity with eternal life through the blood of the Passover, Our Lord Yahushua HaMashiach.
You rise up and before you stands
無し なし, nashi = without
If I have harmed you in the past, I apologize. I will endeavor to keep myself from causing harm in the future, but I cannot guarantee perfect success. I will endeavor to live up to my potential, to work at becoming more than I am today. I will strive.
Have I mentioned I love just perusing DeviantArt sometimes?
Q. You say you only monitor 500 or so sites, why not 100,000?I was wondering, does this kind of appointed agency on behalf of the copyright owners legally work in the UK/EU as well?
I know everyone is concerned about the effects of Hurricane Irene on the homes and infrastructure and beaches of the Eastern Seaboard. But I have had a different thought; what about all of the farms in the storm’s path? Some of the best tomatoes I have ever eaten have come from New Jersey. I love buying corn picked that same day on the tip of Long Island. What about the Hudson Valley farmers that supply markets like the NYC Union Square Greenmarket? Not to mention stores like Fairway? Thankfully, Thistle Cove Farm says it was a lot of wind and not worse, but I wonder how the rest of the farms got through.
Oh wait, I had to pee. Right.
And I just look so astonished
Let it be known that my intentions were good
1 Wisk detergent $6.99
Busy week here. We are getting ready for a short weekend trip to Michigan so crafting has been minimal for me, but since Mother's Day is coming up soon, I figured I could make my needed cards and bring them along. And since these cards don't need to be mailed, there is no holding back on dimension and details!
ABV=5.24%
Of Saturdays.
How big is it?"
I don’t like to clean
Oh well- try try again. I figure that eventually she will be just as much a foodie as I but for now I will just sigh and try to laugh at the drama of her actually crying when she gets a spoonful of dreaded fruit.
It is so beautiful.
I am different – but look just like you.’
Two Carl Perkins covers on one album? Good as they both are, and also indicative of their love for Perkins' music, it's definitely a sign that they had a bit of a song shortage.
And so it's not his fault, it's not mine either. It's just that now I can't deal with it any longer, I know that we won't be able to stay in this house unless it's easier to run and that means a lot less stuff. He's awfully reluctant to do anything about it, he's not too keen on me at present because he thinks I'm being unreasonable (not that he'd say so to me, but he does to others), but I know my limits. And so I'm having to push. He's being co-operative, though it's not easy for him.
So I am now a guitar god with my mini Barbi Strat.
Om de witte stippen op deze layout te maken, heb ik de achterkant van een potlood in gesso gedoopt en heb ik daarmee 'gestempeld' op mijn layout.
This weekend, I'll take a keg of the "Sticke" Kölsch and the IPA to a race that I will be supporting.
So I made it though training. Unfortunately I was in Dulles which is actually 45 mins from the city.
I have decorated the inside of my card, I like to do this because I think it really finishes the card nicely, it can be a bit disappointing to open a card to find a plain white inside.
I'll have to search on ebay and post to the 123 Stitch Message board at some point in search of the missing issues. Anyway, this is stitched 28 count Monaco evenweave that, yes, I hand-dyed it myself. Maybe, this will be the year I finally finish it. Don't hold out much hope, though. I'm easily distracted, you know. This was supposed to be for my mom, but as snow is so rare here, I might just have to keep this one. Don't worry, I have ten other pieces that I started for her.
5. Bang A Gong (Get It On)- This was the first T.Rex song I ever heard. It’s a great number about that sexy woman you love madly! Mmm, it’s got some gorgeous sixties hipster lyrics and the undeniably sexual bongos rippling throughout!
But before I let you go to your crafting area we need to have a winner from last week, and that would be No 51! Congratulations Rina Fashionista! Please contact Donna via the e-mail button to claim your prize. Enjoy! Also a big thank you to Kenny K for sponsoring us.
Happy Drinking!.
Why this beer? Well, I like the Saranac beers, been drinking them for 20 years. I also figured the maltiness of the Ofest would set off the spicy pork nicely. Let's put that to the test: it's official, I'm a genius! No, really, this is good. The eggs are good stuff on their own, but with the beer in the mouth, things really light up. The beer gives the flavors in the melange the Playtex Bra Effect; it lifts and separates them. (Anyone else remember those ads? I've been wanting to use that phrase for years.) The pork steps out, I can taste the cheese clearly, even the tomatoes taste fresher. The beer's fresh as rain too, easy to swallow and grab for more. Great job on that, cheers to the folks in Utica.
Please show me the way!
Air - Playground Love
Perhaps we should live that way
In case you wanted to ask, yes, we do often look like a bunch of weirdos. Sometimes it’s because our behaviours and little rituals (“second clap”, anyone?) can be impenetrable to an outsider, just like someone not familiar with martial arts might not appreciate the kata or the etiquette. Sometimes it’s because focus and coherence aren’t infinitely renewable resources – the more of it we use up, the less we have left at the end of the day. And sometimes it’s just our natural tendency, possibly exacerbated further by associating with like-minded people. That’s a whole different topic and I don’t want to get into it now, so I’ll just venture a guess that there are plenty of folks with mental illnesses out there who would be more than happy to trade it for just acting weird.
Put the syrup in over the ice and then gently pour the club soda over. Lightly crush the basil and stir in. It is so so so so so so good!
I dunno! Perhaps some of the biggest characters are covered in the biggest scars? Not scars that are still sensitive to a touch or the heat or the cold, but scars, that when a finger runs across them, bring a smile to the owners face?
4. Born In Chicago (Gravenites) 3:03
barn door rollers and track. Every one that I found was WAY out of my price range.
also, i've been reading a lot of indie books lately in an effort to see what's good, what's bad, and what's working out there in the publishing world. specifically, i've been reading multiple indie series as i'm set to release one of my own soon. here's what i can tell you, as a reader, what works for me (in terms of indie books): proper editing and grammar.
Don’t forget to take a lice comb built to take away dead lice or eggs are destroyed or you will quickly find themselves battling another infection faster than you think! Usually when head lice are caught they can be treated easily and effective control – her hair tied back, NIT-comb every night, etc. Head lice are tiny insects that live on the skin covering the head. Rivet adhesive to the hair, this may be a real chore to move them. Head lice natural remedies – vinegar Method lice occur additional frequently during the summer when the weather is warm and sunny. But when a child has lice, it is highest to examine all family members. We will every be at the office of the nurses in groups of 10 or 15 waiting for our title known as out.
“Are you okay?”
Anything, jewelry, clothes, a painting, even a big 'ole mess.
That's why he was standing in this chicken line, doing a job that darn few people wanted.
Emmet Oliver at the Irish Independent today reports on a document which that newspaper has seen which sets out how NAMA is approaching the thorny issue of trophy developer homes which are co-owned by the NAMA developer and his wife. It seems that NAMA is requiring the wife (and it seems to always be “the wife”) to agree to surrender her legal rights to the usual one half share in the family home. In return the developer and his wife get two things – (1) co-operation from NAMA and (2) the first €500,000 from any future sale. So how does the deal supposedly work?
The other best thing about HH at Katsuya Glendale? It's on EVERY DAY - Monday-Friday 5-7pm, Saturday & Sunday 11am-4pm.
Bee hives will help pollinate the plants and provide tasty honey. Other beneficial insects will be attracted by flowers that have been strategically planted as a way to combat pests without using poisons.
And now I'm sitting here, as the rain pisses down over the arsehole of France, hearing the apeish guffawing of the men outside, watching in awe as the lightening crashes down over the town - I actually stared into the centre of the lightening, like I was looking into the eye of God! And the thunder just set off a car alarm. A coincidence? Maybe. But I prefer to think it was His will.
I lie awake thinking about this.
Furthermore, we are characters in a story of our own creation. Even though we assume John is alone, we guarantee that he isn’t. Even in deep space, Smith postulates, there is an aspect of the human psyche that does not allow freedom. We always live like we are watched. The proof of this is John in Hole, 2004, a particularly engaging sculpture of John busy at work in a crater. The height of the pedestal and the small enclosure make us work to find out what John is doing. In the end, we find him masturbating, making the ultimate narcissistic gesture in the loneliness.
In his later work, however, Altemeyer shows little sign of having learned from this. He dismisses in a few words any thought that he might "only" be studying conservatism and offers a definition of conservatism that reflects something of the basic dictionary meaning of the word but which shows little awareness of contemporary politics. He identifies Right-wing politics with "conservatism" in the sense of opposition to change. That attitude to change is now (and perhaps always was) a quite inadequate criterion of who is on the Right or Left he totally ignores. That Rightists like Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher were and are great advocates of change is ignored by Altemeyer.
“definitely, going by
On the bottom surface of the full cookie (top of cookie will face out) spread with about a 1/4 - 1/2 teaspoon of jam. Place the cut-out cookie on top and gently sandwich them together, making sure not to smug the confectioner’s sugar. Using a small spoon, fill the cut-out with a little more jam if needed.
But this kind of humility is not part our culture: our view of ourselves is all conquering, god-like animals that craft the world to our own ends. So if we see nature as being for our own purposes, does this hamper appreciation of our dependence on it? And if we can’t appreciate that, can we see the world clearly?
www.thejournal.ie. From the people who brought you daft.ie. Strong interactive elements.
That's my approach, anyway. When a planner starts talking, I start puking. It's become an almost unconscious reaction. I don't have to force it that much. Habit gets things going, and I just give it the extra bwaaawk at the right moment. Everyone stands back, pretends to be sympathetic and you're out of there before you can say 'How much to dry clean this suit?'.
Little Chill ‘n’ Char Island Collect all 5 oil barrels in Chill ‘n’ Char Island
Hope to find more time for blogging.
Windsor, ON October 4th, 2011 – Mic Lordz & The Sauce Funky (MLSF) will premiere their music video for “My World” at Venue Rock Parlour tomorrow night, Wednesday, October 5th. MLSF have been together for over five years and working daily towards climbing the ladder of success. They have toured coast to coast in both Canada and the United States. “My World” showcases a great number of statistics surrounding the band along their journey to stardom. The viewer will get a look inside the (not so) glamorous world of a hard working band.
I wore this out the other night to a pre-school music group coordinators meeting (you know in a cafe over a mars bar cheesecake!). I wondered that it might be too costumey looking but I was stopped by a stranger - older woman - and told I looked lovely so I'll take it, it was okay! I'd love to find some shoes in the same blue to wear with it.....
I never thought I would be able to fit so many
10. Golden Autumn Day.
Still, every once in a while, I want to indulge in something decadent too. These Banana Beignets are perfect for that. They are fried dough (that's what "beignet" means in French) and filled with one of my favorite fruits: bananas.
However, none of the scenarios is of much comfort to those seeking to protect the data itself from extraction and use, something that sui generis database rights cover precisely but which data creators would not seem to have a chance of protecting in a database also managed by them if the AG’s opinion is followed by the ECJ. That is, unless there is another aspect to the structure of the database which is then also copied by the unlicensed user".
Those images…those sounds -things we’ve never seen or heard here in America because our news dare not show it.
Here at The House of Smiths we are thrilled that you want to bring a little of OUR home, into YOUR home. Thank you for being such fabulous customers.
Simply amazing. Gives you the goosies!
Small Madison Window Shutter,Grand Flower Box
Preservatives
Using BeerAdvocate's 5% is no real surprise: he quoted Todd Alström (and Sam Calagione, too) about the Extreme Session Beer Project. Which, by the way, is fine by me, great idea...except for the 5% top end and the totally misplaced anger. (And it's not new anger, either.) Check this out!
Eventually we got back to the hotel and then we all quickly changed and called up our Transportation Specialist Greg to take us down into the Quarter. Destination, the Louisiana Music Factory on Decatur, Our driver kindly put on a little Trombone Shorty for the trip in and there was a lot of giggling and laughing in the vehicle. Greg is pretty fun. We arrived at Decatur and hopped out of the cab. We could hear Trombone Shorty playing the moment we stepped out the cab. It was pretty fantastic. The shop was full of shorty fans and we patiently inched our way inside the door as people left. Louisiana Music Factory is a tiny little music shop and it was packed. Shorty played way past 7pm and it was awesome! Right after he finished, the masses left and we crept up front for the next show. I was super excited to introduce them to some new music, Shamarr Allen. We had front row and Shamarr rocked it with his trumpet! I stole away during the set when I realized that Trombone Shorty was still inside. Yup, I got a picture with Trombone Shorty! You know that’s gonna be my facebook profile pic, soon as I have a minute. LMF was such a great little place to hear a show!
The key to your happiness is in your hands and only your hands. When you try to hold others responsible for making you happy sooner or later you will be disappointed. We tend to blame others when we are not happy. We like to put the blame somewhere besides ourselves when we are not happy but Yoga says YOU and ONLY YOU are in charge of your happiness. When you are not happy look within.
“Follow me.”
Notes: The espresso powder I used was really strong, so the coffee flavours were a tad too prevalent. If not a coffee fan, then you might as well replace with instant coffee powder.
Cause he worked hard for it
I for one, agree with Quebec. Somebody needs to stand up and speak out in this country. We need to preserve British values and consider british people's feelings, and at the moment nobody seems to be doing that.
-Jericho is out with jeans and knee pads over them, OLD SCHOOL!
The second news is about a hockey team in the northern part of Israel, very close to the borders to Lebanon and Syria. To be honest, just the idea of a hockey team is in itself amazing enough to receive attention, but this team is the result of generous philanthropy, a local hockey fan, and an Arab mayor crazy about sport. The team puts young Jewish and Druze teens and pre-teens together, exposing them for each other and their similarities.
One of my proudest possessions is the flag that the SEAL Team took with them on the mission to get bin Laden. On it are each of their names. Some may be Democrats. Some may be Republicans. But that doesn’t matter. Just like it didn’t matter that day in the Situation Room, when I sat next to Bob Gates – a man who was George Bush’s defense secretary; and Hillary Clinton, a woman who ran against me for president.
Without further delay - FF#96 top 3
The last thing I noticed more curiously with the extreme republicans was the higher likelihood they seem to have to be conspiracy theorists. This week we held our junior high parent's meeting about the new Common Core standards in math and language arts beginning in the fall. And leading up to this meeting, and throughout the meeting itself, certain parents--who've made their political bent and tendencies clearly evident--repeated made comments that this shift is being pushed, paid for, and required by the federal government. Our principals, teachers, districts leaders, and even the State Office of Education have tried to make the facts clear. This change--along with
The NBA rulebook states, “Any player or coach guilty of intentional physical contact with an official shall automatically be suspended without pay for one game. A fine and/or longer period of suspension will result if circumstances so dictate.”
So we drive around some, looking at dismal little houses in dismal parts of town. It's a blessing that we have the same responses to places.
Fridays are my day with Emily. The director at Emily's daycare calls them our "Friday Fun Day!" I try not to put pressure on myself to get stuff done, but to really spend my time with Emily. We spend time playing outside - either at the park or our back yard. We spend time making a mess around the house. We spend time just hanging out.Now that she's starting to get a little older (tear) there are more and more activites for us to do.
The song above is an acoustic cover for Skyscraper. A week has passed so soon, its weekend again. Have been spending more and more time with myself lately and i am beginning to understand why there are a couple of my friends who really love to stay home. Spending time alone helps to me to understand myself gradually and i am really feeling happier now. When you are happy, chances are you are harder to breakdown when things don’t happen the way it should! Reading motivational books helped me to realize the things that i never understand about myself ever before!
7 year old C: Mom?
" Dear Sir Or Madame"
Supplies: ribbon from stash;
-When your book is probably going to be published. This is, of course, subject to natural and outside forces (including but not limited to your own timeliness in turning around the edited manuscript). But we all need a goal to aim for.
62% speed 100 morale.
Big space to make a mess.
Clearly, in today’s world, nobody is equal and everybody is special. A pedagogy that recognizes this is one that acknowledges that academics will not suffice; the world and its children deserve a deeper understanding of the new realities that apply equally to individual and circumstance.
Sent c/o Oakland A's
assortment of drunks.
I can’t be the only one to see something wrong with this picture.
The king was shocked and frightened, so he called for Daniel
Among anti-vax acolytes, science is a bad word. Good studies are dismissed because they don't take anecdote and intuition into account. Experts are simply heartless, hearing-impaired automatons who just don't get it, who won't listen to parents, dammit, even though parents know more, somehow, than the experts.
Now the Reformed Protestants took still different approaches. Some groups following the Zwinglian approach basically viewed the meal simply as a symbolical meal, where the Last Supper is oddly reenacted as some sort of Memorial. This is a gross oversimplification, but it will suffice for this discussion. Though John Wesley himself held to the Article of Religion above, and the United Methodist Church still officially endorses the view, practically speaking, many Methodist churches in the USA for many years until recently have functionally practiced Communion as a Memorial meal, though Wesley himself was adamant that you take Communion as frequently as you can.
Wait a minute. There’s something going on here! It’s almost as if nature hates us. Or it’s just that it’s out of our control.
MOM: So? So? So you think I haven’t been there?
Coco is the Jack Russell, she's 2 years old. Her hobbies include tossing cushions off the sofa and stealing Bennys sausage.
I noticed a pattern developing in my work over a period of years. Even before I started writing YA, one of my first novels was an adult contemporary "issue book." (Although I don't think there really is such a thing as an adult issue book, but there should be.) At that time I was still very heavy into writing fantasy and sci-fi.
We came across a Sociology Teacher.
By the way, you need some crumpled up papers and a little trash mixed in with your stuff. It's too clean and you're making me feel bad about myself!
I feel a lot better now that is done. Now I can carry on with the pond that I decided to start digging!!
Finally Full (50) – Acquired all 46 upgrades through Consumes
I came across a very unique event at Torview - it is a blog with wonderful recipes ranging from breads, pilaf's, baked goods to savory snacks all adpated to fit the Islamic dietary restrictions and full of wonderful pictures. As the logo mentions below mentions it is all about cooking something Brown... everything I cook in my Indian household is kinda brown... our curries are reddish brown, the roti's or Indian bread we eat is light brown, we eat a lot of whole wheat bread sandwiches - all brown and consume a lot of chocolate cake & cookies... so the choice was tough.
As a general rule I don’t tend to play favourites because it is near impossible with the amount of brilliant pieces of work that have graced our screens over the decades. I can always do a top of my head list of great films, but that will change every time you ask me. What tends to remain constant are my main cinematic mentors who are Jean-Luc Godard, Powell & Pressburger, and Takeshi Kitano. All for various reasons ranging from style and the content of their films, to their general philosophies about film and filmmaking. I think a filmmakers story is very important, and a great indicator as to why their films are the way they are, and how they eventually evolve.
We've made chocolate crackles today and now onto the ANZAC biscuits, the kids are still in their pj's and most likely stay in them all day. Not often you get to enjoy a lazy Friday.
Vet Blog invites all readers to participate in the protest! We stay with Jelena Paunovic continue to report in touch and be on the developments in this matter.
That only worked for so long until I was approached by someone asking me to specifically design suites of wedding stationery for a new online venture in which they wanted me to be a featured designer. Talk about a good swift kick in the butt. It was time for me to get over the hurdle that I'd been avoiding.
The Daniel Goldstein of 2004 is still something of a neophyte activist, clean-shaven (as opposed to goateed) and somewhat unsteady during a public speech at a rally. At one point, he says to the camera, “I think I like this.” So he clearly embraced the fight as a challenge.
All of the pieces here are a part of my normal, everyday-wear wardrobe, I just don't typically mix them together because it's a bit over-the-top for my style. I would normal wear one of these "statement" pieces on its own with some basics and it looks fashionable and not at all costume-y. But when Hallowe'en rolls around, I mix several statement pieces together, and voila! I have a very couture inspired costume! =D
Coat chicken pieces in seasoned cornstarch and let set on parchment lined baking sheet for 15 minutes then coat again. Meanwhile heat oil or shortening in cast iron skillet to 350F. Carefully fry chicken in batches and cook for 25-30 minutes total turning over halfway through cooking. In a small saucepan boil remaining marinade for 3 minutes and then strain. Add 1/4 c honey and 1T rice wine vinegar to the sauce. Once chicken is fried brush on sauce and garnish with sesame seeds and sliced scallions.
Thank God for that!
"Everybody Draw Muhammed Day" is a must. I hope everyone reading this will participate.
Meanwhile, I will support my kids in getting what they want out of life, in the here and now. Right now, that might just be cosmetology school and all that it entails, state credentials and all! Even though, the subversive and aggressive part of me would like to say, "F that"!
I think one of the important things to consider when doing urban homesteading is priorities. For us growing our own greens was at the top of the list, so we started our garden as soon as possible. We live close to the bay and our soil was sandy and extremely nutrient deficient. Last year our garden was the main focus, so any extra time we had went there. This year it's chickens, and between building the coop and raising 6 little hens we have our hands full. Some of our future goals include: bee keeping, aqua culture, water catchment system, soap making, fiber spinning and the list goes on! Since there are so many possibilities I think it's a good idea to make up a "urban homesteading planning" list. If you prioritize your interests from "must haves" to "can wait" the process becomes a lot less daunting and you can actually get something done. You should buy the books, find your favorite blogs and websites, and see them as resources for your individual lifestyle, but don't feel like you have to do everything at once. If you start to feel too overwhelmed take a step back and look at what is the most important to you, then focus on that.
As far as I can make out these tanks age a wine without oak masking the minerality. Also the fermentation temperature is stable without needing refrigeration. The shape allows total wine rotation so gives maximum lees contact, which helps, complexity and texture. It also allows for good extraction of colour and flavour from the skins during punchdown. The material itself of course helps retain the freshness of the fruit as the cement has no inherent flavour – as long as it is treated properly before it is used. Certainly the wines I have tried that have been made in them have had superb fruit and wonderful texture – I am a fan.
Snow
This was my breakfast this morning - I am calling it:
‘My life is worthless.’He says in his mind always.
Anyways other then that I hope everyone reading this is doing extremely well and are not to stress with things.
A pinch of cardamom
Literature elements - setting & mood
Love in days
Brain Not Engaged. Abort. Abort. Abort.
150g of icing sugar
1 each red, yellow or orange and green pepper, sliced
Movement – So how do we move when no miniature is the same? Simple, you use a number of Good to move a number of inches. In other words one point of good = one inch of movement.
The way of life can be free and beautiful. But we have lost the way.
Almost literally. Tropical Storm Daniel was dumping sheets of rain on Coney Island when the boys and I arrived for our annual pilgrimage there, making the circus the only thing doing. The trek from the subway station to the tent (which is pitched on the other side of Keyspan Park, an effortless jaunt on a normal day) was an epic trial. By the time we got to the box office, the three of us were soaked to the bones and shivering. We desperately needed things to start going right.
I used some lovely Pink Paislee patterened papers and “buttons.” The buttons were plain and had some resist embossing on them so when I inked them with distress markers (Aged Mahogany) a neat little pattern showed through. (ps…I used this week’s iSpy Sketch for the layout.)
The new party has to be restructured as soon as possible. And in order to progress unification with other like-minded organisations, all the key officers of the nationalist parties should be invited to come together for a conference to bring this about.
How can she find her biological mum and dad?
Now that stopped me in my tracks---I had refused my parents pleas to go to University because I wanted money and here I was being offered the only cadetship in Australia and being paid a full wage to go to University.
I'll share with you gifts I've made for some bloggy friends and I really hope they all like theirs.
According to modern science, light-vibrations from outside strike the retina and an inverted image is formed there. These vibrations are carried through optic tract and optic thalamus to the center of vision in the occipital lobe of the brain in the back part of the head. There, a positive image is formed. Then only, you see the object in front of you.
The remaining Undertakers run up to Gai, he basically makes it clear that he’s their enemy now and threatens them, some endlaves come along to kill Ayase and Tsugumi, but then Daryl comes along and stops the endlaves from protecting Gai because Daryl hates Gai for some poorly explained reason. Everyone escapes including Inori with Shu.
recently I was a little startled to receive a comment that my kitchen post offended someone because I go on about being an average family and the cost was not average. And so the criticism went on. The more I thought about it the more I realised that when you read a blog you don't see everything. You see a little glimpse of that person's life. A couple of photos and a snippet of daily life.
STEM Friday
Hi Crafty Friends,
Tania
The victims of Maguindanao Massacre will soon grieve for the two-year absence of justice. The perpetrator remains free, and the issue seems to be slowly being buried on its grave without proper burial.
I love my boys....all three of them.
Sexual abuse against a child is one aspect of this story, but it is not the only one. Because while this abuse was sexual, and against a child, it speaks to the larger of problem of abuse as a whole within our society. It speaks of the disrespectful, demeaning, and dehumanizing behavior we see in so many aspects of our lives. It speaks of the way so many of us have decided that abuse such as this, in many guises and many situations, is okay. We hold children to a higher standard than we hold ourselves, through coercion and manipulation. We hit kids in the name of teaching them lessons and responsibility. We distance ourselves emotionally from our children through belittling them and prioritizing our needs and wants over theirs. And we tell them that we do it all out of love.
Yes all these things together
I also bought a few cushions and a throw and there goes half of the money!!!! I am not sure what I will get with the rest of the money but I have a year to choose. It is so exciting!
I’ve been thinking a lot about how little time we get to serve missions and how fast that small amount of time seems to be going. At times it seems too fast but it just means that we have to be harder workers so that none of that time gets lost. I’ve been trying to make what I call mini lessons. Messages that would last 2-5 minutes and then we could give them to people who say they don’t have too much time to listen to us so that maybe we can get into more houses and have the chance to get more people excited to hear the others. I want to have ones ready about prophets and important differences like that. Things that really set us apart and show people why the Restoration is so important. Sadly the hardest part is selling my comp on the idea. We got into a fight this last week when I brought the idea up. I must admit that I think the idea is golden and you know me with that in mind I got a little locked up. He then made the defense that we could teach a full lesson in 5 minutes. So I asked him to give me one. He then rushed through the first lesson in a little under 2 minutes and gave me what I thought was an answer just to say ”told you so”. So then I made the wrong choice and said “well you missed this, that , you just said this, didn’t say that…’ Well as you can probably tell that didn’t go over too well.
Following a hunch, Boss and her team come to investigate the city of Vaycehn, where fourteen archaeologists have died exploring the endless caves below the city. Mysterious “death holes” explode into the city itself for no apparent reason, and Boss believes stealth tech is involved. As Boss searches for the answer to the mystery of the death holes, she will uncover the answer to her Dignity Vessel quest as well—and one more thing, something so important that it will change her life—and the universe—forever…
And now, a few details...
A drink each week (koffie, tea, chocomel, or sparkling water) plus year-end prizes...etc.
But what if we elevated human dignity to its proper role in society, including making it the framing concept for how we govern the workplace?
2009- Major low in March 2009. End of the cyclical bear market and the beginning of a new cyclical bull. Market rallies virtually non-stop for the next 12 months. VERY similar to March 2003-March 2004. Cyclical bull market heading into 2010.
HDL = 25 mg/dL - (Greater than or equal to 50 mg/dL is considered Low Risk) – CONCERN!
The biggest handle sticking out of the cutlery set was all that remained. The rest of the knives left me empty. They had no soul, no... Swagger. I reached for the handle and, to my pleasant surprise, I pulled out a bulbous meat cleaver. It was stunning. The girth of the handle was strong and phallic-like. It was a glorious piece of equipment.
9. ENJOY THE WEATHER WHILE YOUR WORKING.
Either I'm getting older or maybe it's more "tireder" -
According to the Iroquois legend of "The Hunting of the Great Bear," four brothers chased a really big bear and eventually ate it for dinner. But, as they digested, they found that they had ascended to the heavens, where the bear's bones reassembled and the hunters got up and continued their pursuit, in perpetuity. They all of course make the constellation of the Great Bear and every autumn the hunters finally catch up with the bear and his blood rains down to earth, turning the leaves scarlet (is the constellation closest to the Iroquois' Northern Hemisphere then, I wonder?). Turns out maple sap contains balanced sugars, potassium, calcium, magnesium, manganese, vitamins A, B2, B5, B6, as well as folic acid, niacin, biotin and proteins. No wonder kids like maple syrup so much! Another reason to attend the Pancake Breakfast at Dodge's Frosty Fun Festival.
Why does the universe go to all the bother of existing?
Have you ever thought about what the most unique thing you own might be? What makes that particular thing unique? I bet if you stop and think about it, your answer may surprise you. Be sure to link in below and share your unique item with us.
For this, the second Evening Academy, Diego Leclery will be talking about God.
4 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves - pounded thin
Do you see Buddhism as having particular benefits for interfaith people/families?
Nobody is ruing the fact that the rains may not allow the game between RCB and CSK at Chinnaswamy Stadium. The happiness that is pouring through the rains is far greater than fours and sixes a Gayle innings might induce. There are puddles everywhere. Everybody wants a slice of this perfect weather. This is why one can see people out on the roads and streets.
Long processing time
"I am quite talented at picking out just the right hat or gloves to complement an ensemble."
In his only year at Idaho, Tyndall helped the Vandals land the No. 15 recruiting class in the country in 2002.
"What? Oh, no. No, of course not, but it wasn't like that--"
Medicine hats, though not full face masks were also worn by many shaman and healers throughout the tribes. They were usually adorned with a cross and crescent, representing the four directions and the moon spirits and were painted black, blue, yellow and white which depicted the Four Winds or the East, West, South and North. They were often decorated with such things as, Eagle feathers, turquois gems, beads, shells, deer fur and thong and yellow pollen.
Fasten off
Inventorspot
6. God will give you a long life. “I will fulfill the number of your days” (v. 26). –Divine life!
Preheat oven to 325 degrees. In a large bowl, sift together the flour, cocoa powder and salt. Set aside.
Tax Foundation economist William McBride estimated that this historic tax increase would push Tax Freedom Day to its latest point ever.
Write to patent, write for appease
480-247-5104
Drag queen: “Run, monkey, run!!”
We'll continue on as planned for this week, though. So, here we go!
Well see you soon~!
* What’s next for Lee Carr?
Solder the ring to the dime. Pickle. Remove the ring from the pickle using copper tongs and rinse off the pickle with water. Sand away any excess solder, if any.
If you "Like" my FaceBook page: Marsha Neal Studio, there is a coupon code there for my awesome friends to use to take an additional 10% off their final order (pre-shipping charges)...
9. I used to believe that “most people” thought and believed the way that I do. I don’t know how or where on earth I got that idea. I now realize that I do not, nor have I ever had, my finger on the pulse of the nation.
That, however, is not what is being proposed. All the Save Our Pubs campaign is doing is suggesting that if publicans want to, they should be able to have separate, ventilated smoking rooms on their own property. This would bring us in line with most of the other countries in the world which have smoking bans and would be such a small and reasonable exemption that only a zealot could oppose it.
Donald Driver and Peta Murgatroyd: 27 (9, 9, 9)
causality–objective reality, break down at the quantum level.
I mean He didn’t have to create church this way. He could have done it another way. How many people in church annoy you? How many people in church are just irrelevant to your life? How many people are lying to you? How many are cheating on their spouse? How many could care less if you can’t pay your bills this month?
Orange Picker Max (Survival Mode) Complete Orange Picker Affiliated 3 with 130 oranges in 30 seconds
Steven Eggers
She bought a few fun items, including a gorgeous
Batman Begins/The Dark Knight (2005/2008) as Alfred Pennyworth
Are you spontaneous or do you like to plan ahead?
To a New Covenant believer, this room is the current covenant. The seven-branched lampstand may represent the Seven Churches (Revelation 1-3), the Seven Spirits of God (Isaiah 11:1-2, Revelation 4), and the lampstand seen in Zechariah 4. The Table represents communion, in which the saved community intakes bread as the very presence of God. Finally, the incense alter is prayer (Revelation 8:4).
Why, thank you for asking. The answer is “yes.” Yes I *am* feeling a bit sore today. In fact, I am feeling much, much older than my current birthday age of 45 years old. Who thought it was a good idea to run in a 5k yesterday? Oh yeah, that was me. Obviously, as I’m getting older, I’m also losing what little is left of my brain. Especially the common sense part.
If it was me, I would call this dish Beef Skillet Fried Rice, but it has been dubbed “Rice Stuff” and it’s out of my hands now. It’s a very easy dish to make and seldom results in leftovers. And I almost always have everything in the house to make it without any advanced planning.
Then, it rained, and I thought any remaining chance I had at the dust actually doing its job was gone. Two days later I went down there and I can still SMELL the stuff, but the squash bug population is thriving.
The paramedics who treated me told me that they rarely went into the area without a police escort. "These kids are trapped in an endless cycle of poverty," one of them said. "There's a lot of drugs and gang-related violence but it is rare for a stranger like you to be attacked."
Iodine – Prevents disease
This is an example of where, and I am not suggesting that their judgement was wrong on this particular count, the storywriters couldn’t decide what to keep in and what not to from the original story and the 90s remake Dark Shadows – the revival. The Barnabas awakening story is not completed in the original series set I mentioned and that is close to 8 hours of programming, and yet the background is not touched on at all. Perhaps we didn’t need the rapid blow by blow at the head of the film, perhaps they might have added it in during the actual running time. I am ambivalent on this point. However, as Barnabas returns to Collinwood, copes with the modern world and tried to recover the family fortunes as the Collins’ business has fallen into decay, due to the actions of the still living Angelique, we meet several characters who were in the original soap at one time or another. These characters, perhaps, need not have all been in the film and, certainly, many are wasted.
07 Fabio Frizzi - Escape From The Flesheaters
-Potassium regulates the intra-cellular osmotic pressure; its deficiency decreases the acidity of urines, may alter the nervous and muscular functionality and if the deficiency continues for a long period, it may cause anatomic lesions to the heart’s tissue.
- sigur rós - valtari - xl recordings - 2012
We actually added some courgette, which also worked well.
This time around (I lost 125lbs in 2001 and now I'm back at my peak weight of 327), it's so different, I'm not some crazy person trying to starve/do anything just to lose weight. I'm doing it the right way...yes, eating less calories with lots of great foods and excerising. See, excercising has always been a snore-fest for me, I'm the let's kick some ass kinda girl where I enjoy Zumba, Kickboxing, Swimming Laps, Volleyball, Basketball, Rockwall and more. I didn't joined my gym not for the machines, but for everything else! Stay tuned on my facebook page for what I'm doing!
Just about all my items I had listed sold on ebay. Selling them is good - the photography, listing and packing all time consuming though. Still I guess I can safely say that the house has been slightly decluttered over the past week.
We also got our maternity pics back and they turned out really cute...I will post some of them later this week:)
Recent research hasn’t supported many of the health claims for vitamin C. Although vitamin C may not be as powerful in preventing colds and infections as once thought, it is still important for healthy teeth and gums, which are important for digestive health. Vitamin C is also important for your digestion because it helps you absorb iron.
from conducting in post-World War II Germany. Starting in 1979,
* 1 bunch green onions, chopped (I forgot to buy, oops)
No testing or labeling required.
Unfortunately, I don't think any of that has helped my symptoms. But that's okay... I feel so much healthier, and just better in general.
BTW, Hop made 38.1 million dollars on its opening weekend. Just sayin’.
Earlier, Rowley said the NHA was restructured because it lacked accountability.
I promise to get back into the groove next week - but my sister is coming to visit me tomorrow so I will be busy doing fun things with her! I can't wait :)
Ask your garden helper to look for stones, sticks, and treasures.
I jumped to a sitting position immediately and apologized to him without mentioning what I was apologizing for—he knew. He assured me that it was alright.
Hello there! I'm back from my holiday in Crete, and raring to go (well, I'm getting there). I had a fantastic time, and even made friends with the little lady in my project! After a fantastic response to our last theme of Anything Christmas, it's now time for a new challenge over at Craft-Room - for the next fortnight our theme will be Felines, as chosen by our extremely talented DT leader, Zoe. There's a £10 voucher to spend in the Craft-Room Online Shop to be won in the random draw, and we will also pick a top 3. Full rules are available to view here, and don't forget to check out the the samples made by the rest of the team, as they're fantastic.
Jonsi: It's quite weird because we haven't played together as a live band for nearly four years now, so we're just starting to look at which songs we want to play live. We've a lot of songs to go through so it may get a bit confusing! Of course it's fun for us too, because there are some songs that we haven't played for a long time that may reappear on this tour, whereas some we won't touch. I don't know. What songs would you like to hear?
#96- Tulip
Saturated Fat 2.0 g
What I love most about the Luscious Closet top is both the front and back are heavily adorned with sequins. I just don't like the tops or dresses which are only embellished in the front.
Nibras looked on in despair. What the evil man was asking for wasn’t impossible; it was just immoral and humiliating.
Some were forced into exile while others were detained, and a handful having sacrificed their lives for the sake of what we can call today “a rainbow nation”.
All week, I’ve essentially been in charge of making sure all the logistics for this trip are organized and executed. T’s are crossed, I’s are dotted, lines are signed. Basically, this means that since Monday, I’ve been a travel agent, hotel concierge, National Rental Car associate, catering specialist, PR person, tech wiz, secretary, activity coordinator, professional organizer, personal scheduler, and general question hotline operator. And tomorrow is the day when it all goes down!
I couldn’t stop smiling
Integrated photonics is also likely to play a central role in boosting the bandwidth and lowering the power consumption of the internet, particularly for supporting video services. Mobile devices are also power constrained. And electromagnetic interference — something you don’t get with photonics — is a growing concern for mobile devices and automobile electronics. All of these technologies are eventually going to require integrated photonics, says Daniel Blumenthal, an electrical and computer engineering professor at the University of California, Santa Barbara. “Business just can’t be done the same old way.”
All correct will be drawn by Random Generator...Thank you All who join in!
No one will know this better than less-than-ordinary Owen Parker, who is about to discover that he is the descendant of a highly advanced ancient race—a race that took their technology too far and almost destroyed the Earth in the process.
Pours nice. Like a stout with a hint of red and a nice medium-tan head that stays pretty well. Smells great. Roasted malt with a sweet floral hops, but both are subtle. Tannins are even more so.
then like a bird from the branch, up,
This is one of the reasons I love living in the country. Golfergirl has seen some of Gods creatures up close that she would not have gotten to see in the city.
In doing so, Goldstein withdrew from existing litigation, which makes it ever less likely that a longshot lawsuit aiming to get the Empire State Development Corporation to issue new eminent domain findings will be successful. A hearing is scheduled for May 12.
I had planned for lunch too and had taken some Tesco vouchers for Cafe Rouge.
Suddenly, he says, "You're just being a bitch!"
I decided to try searching again in May 2011 after having a very vivid dream about coming in contact with them. The next day I was searching for them online when I came across their MySpace page. It was a page they shared. Perfect!!! I was so excited. I didn't have an account at the time so I created one to add them as a friend. Then I noticed it had been over a month since they had last been on MySpace. In June when I still hadn't heard from them I started to get desperate. I looked at their top friends list to see if there were any relatives listed. I found three and wrote them all messages telling them who I was and that I was trying to contact Josh and Nathan. I checked back constantly to see if they responded, but nothing. One person read the message but didn't write me back, and the other two never opened it.
For the holidays, you can't beat home, sweet home.His hand on the key to shut off the engine, he paused to reflect on the closing lyrics of the song. Those words too reflected some irony. He looked back at the highway and the cars and trucks whizzing by. Not five miles from where he sat was a highway junction. He could take that exit, get back on 81 and the head north to whence he'd come.
You can purchase this app on iTunes in the app store. Or you can buy yourself your own “thought journal” and record and re-frame your thoughts by hand. Do what works for you.
I knew what I had to do, so I packed my gear and said farewell to Stephen and Cody. I boarded the first ferry to the main land and tried to plan for my days ahead.
Green beans--wrap in paper towel and store in plastic bag (open to prevent mold) for up to 3 days
Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice.
In the first part of Part V three themes are employed: the journey to
But I’m willing to…
If you sat on the floor, the interview continued.
I have no affiliation with the Formula 1 team in the photo.
I'm super obsessed with cute pink things, especially jewel-encrusted pastel bags! (I'm afraid of horses in real life though since they're so big, but I think the motif is adorable!)
Zanskar Trek is a gateway to Royal Ladakh. The adventurous journey of Zanskar trek was started in 1998. In these days it gained lots of popularity and in a short span of time, it has emerged as one of the leading tour. The trekkers enjoy the beauty of Ladakh during Zanskar Trek.
While I was having at it, my girl's hair turned green. For some reason our table was treated like the ugly step-sisters and didn't get too much instruction. Either we seemed competent, the other table needed way more help, or we scared Jane. Who us? But luckily Shelley-belly is an artist herself and helped me help my girl.
So, the hubster and I had the opportunity to go to a hockey game for free last week. I was nominated teacher of the year for my school and they sent my principal free tickets. We decided to make a day of it and visit the "big city". You know that means tons of Goodwill visits. I found a few things that I am still working on, but here is one of my favs:
Me: There is about as much evidence for a god, specifically the Christian god, as there is for Santa or Leprechauns or Zeus or Odin or any other imaginary thing out there. I am not making a claim, I am dismissing a claim, because it lacks any viable evidence.
In Japanese interiors lighting is not only a functional but an integral part of the interior. Here, particular attention is paid to the Japanese style of diffused light. In addition to the concealed LED lights in the surrounding bulkhead, Japanese style custom made pendant lights hang above the island bench. The rectangular linen shades and white etched glass diffuser combined with the geometrical timber squares resemble that of a shoji screen and ensure the light is unobtrusive and gentle creating a relaxed calming atmosphere.
3 1/2 tsp. instant yeast or 2 packages active yeast
2. DL
This week we have DRS Designs joining us as our sponsor. Here is a bit of info about DRS...
It's the last night of Hanukkah! Of course, it is not the last DAY of Hanukkah, but alas... I'm not going change my counting now. You should know how Jewish holidays work.
Paper with Pen
In two cases, reporters relied on critics to point out that the project remained larger than the original iteration, rather than establishing it out as a basic fact. (The Post and the News ignored the issue completely.)
Recent Selected Books
As talented as he was, Bolger’s career definitely banged its head against the glass ceiling of lookism. Ultimately he was a little too strange and ugly looking, with his large eyes, eagle nose, weak chin, and crooked teeth, for many starring roles. In short, he resembled a scarecrow.
Boy were these bars good. Since I'm watching how much I eat lately I only had one of these but that was no problem since the rest disappeared pretty quickly. I brought some to work and they were gone by lunch time......I think these would be really good also with a peanut butter and chocolate chip combo. I found this recipe over at Katy's blog Food for a Hungry Soul. I have to say that this soul here is hungry all the time lately!!! Anyhow, if you are not familiar with Katy's blog please go over and check it out. She has so many good recipes!
Ephesians 6:13
notebook
Ill try to keep this a little more updated (once a week) for the future on more broad subjects as its fairly hard to drink enough decent beer whilst keeping up with uni, jobs, assignments etc........ to post about. Oh and for anyone looking around Sheffield for a comfy local pub drop into, the Red lion on Charles street is the new residence for student drinkers employment (whoo!)
would be a fucking cigarette.
Lastly, pat yourself on the back. Indulge. Learn from your mistakes and be original. Writing is a craft and it takes a lot of practice. It is not baking, so leave those cookie cutters at home and take a walk on the wild side.
Thursday: Teriyaki Chicken with Fried Rice
One hardly sees the vultures which were such a common sight those days. They have become extinct. Many of those gorgeous birds have vanished and our children soon will see all this in illustrated books, Nat-Geo and museums. Such a sorry state of affairs that the orthodox rituals, customs which needed to be drastically replaced still thrive and the beauty of the traditional cultural heritage are lost forever.
So blend and love and now
God required all male Israelites to be circumcised, but he wanted them to go beyond performing the surgery to understanding its meaning. They needed to submit to God inside, in their hearts, as well as outside, in their bodies. Then they could begin to imitate God’s love and justice in their relationships with others. If my heart is right with God, then my relationships with other people can be made right, too. When my heart has been cleansed and I have been reconciled to God, I will begin to see a difference in the way I treat others.
2 handfuls of pitted olives
“We had a good training match where we were able to play every player in the squad of 23,” said Ghana assistant coach James Appiah.
According to the U.S.B.C., the only line items in the federal budget dedicated specifically to breastfeeding are the peer counseling program and state performance bonus grants under the Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children (WIC), which reaches only a portion of the U.S. population.
to make the work available to the public will not result in significant monetary damage or an injunction that would disrupt the efforts the user has made in reliance on the orphan works designation. At the same time, the owner should in most cases be able to recover compensation for the use of his work, prevent new uses of the work by the user, and, where possible, receive attribution for his work.
Theological influence—when it involves two strong, authentic theologians,—always proceeds by a re-envisioning of the prior theologian, an act of creative reorientation that is actually and necessarily a reinterpretation. The history of fruitful theological influence, which is to say the main tradition of Israelite literature since the pre-exilic age, is a history of re-contextualization and reorientation without which modern theology as such could not exist.
Sample Use – I am a Miller of a Camp Circle about 20 miles west of here, the Camp Leader is Sidearm Suzi
I was an only child forbidden to watch much television, long before computers and video games were the norm. So I spent then, and still do, a tremendous amount of time reading books, often history, biography, fiction, memoir. Nothing makes me feel richer than a carefully-selected stack of unread books awaiting my undivided attention. As a child I adored Gerald Durrell, (a British writer who often chronicled his wildly eccentric family that included his famous brother, writer Lawrence Durrell). Reading him made me desperately want to become a writer, specifically one with his ability to write descriptively and to make people howl with laughter.
“Sixteen needles to the stomach”.
For those of you that know my family, you've probably caught on that the names we have been giving our patterns resemble someone or a pet in our family. Granted, our Tear Bear remains nameless at the moment. Hmm... I think we'll have to poll our audience for that in the near future. If you have any suggestions, please feel free to comment below.
The Road to Serfdom by F.A. Hayek (very good)
August brought a little accident to the family. My wonderful Mom broke her hip and although that was horrible, something wonderful came out of it. I started spending more time with mom and our relationship changed. She is one of my best friends now and I Love her to pieces. This project was my favorite for August. A beautiful stamp from I Brake for Stamps. I paired it with some great papers from Lily Bee Designs.
But you all looked on with anticipation.
Stephanie
I have been on my period which has for the first time given me a severe headache and a lack of will to communicate with my only son never mind a pair of trainers and a treadmill!
But to make me your home,
As well as lacking the winner, we also missed Marcus Sedgwick, who was on a plane to Switzerland. His Revolver was a shortlisted title. Charlie Higson (The Enemy) is 4th from right, next to Sarra Manning (Nobody's Girl) and Louisa Young (the other half of Zizou Corder). Between Isabel and Louisa is Jason Wallace, another début author with Out of Shadows.
Hey everyone!!!
2 regarding
You will be expected to take a turn hosting a DT week.
Rachel Renee Vickers and Clinton Ray Patterson were both from Poverty, but they didn’t meet until they were attending the University of Kentucky. Rachel went to the private, Crimson Catholic School for Girls, right down the road from Poverty Central High School where Clinton attended. That first week of their freshman year, they passed each other several times in the halls noticing each other every time. Before they actually met, they both knew that they were meant for each other. It was love at first sight. When they did meet, they were shocked and surprised that they lived only a few miles apart and had never met. And while attending UK, they were inseparable and were voted “the most loved couple” on campus, four years in a row.
You know how Republicans in Congress believe all of our laws should be Catholic Church-approved, right? Well, all of our laws regarding lady parts, anyway. Other stuff, like, say, the federal budget … meh, not so much.Seems like only yesterday, Republicans couldn’t stop shoving bishops in front of cameras to explain why women’s health care is immoral. But now that the bishops have some strong words for Republicans on their immoral budget to screw the poor, Republicans are sticking their fingers in their ears and saying, “Lalalalalala, we can’t hear you.” In fact, House Republicans would prefer the bishops shut up and stop talking about morality:
Karl Menninger
“Polity And The Custom Of The Camiroi” (1967) -R.A.Lafferty – A group from Earth is trying to make sense out of the laws of Camiroi. Funny stuff.
(Now I just need to fix that buggy "read more" page break code and I'll be golden!)
story or £6 per poem and the closing date is 30th June 2009.
So this is another way we have “art after criticism.” Criticism is useless and over with, yet art keeps going. But this contrary to what he said before about painting. Maybe the front heavy profit driven artworld has killed criticism, but that doesn’t make it dead. People will continue to have opinions and will continue to write about art. That is one of the main qualities of art blogs, and art zines. Alternative means such as this are a way to get the word out without word counts. You don’t have to worry about a gallery pulling an ad if they don’t like what you write. It is not perfect, but it is a venue, that for the moment, is free to do things that aren’t as easily accomplished elsewhere.
(without monkey)
Until at last the blanched mate said:
Not true, she said.
Now, I've tried it. It's pretty good with a nice chutney or fig confiture, but I still don't see what all the fuss is about. At holidays and special occasions, foie gras shares the same degree of requirement as Champagne (see blog "Bit of ze bubbly").
8. Kentucky Jelly
Laugh at Me...Sonny & Cher
9:00 – Passion Pit (DJ Set) @ Museum of Natural History $25 (21+)
For my card I decided to go with a mainly white theme, the card base and the card I have used for my embossed panels are two different types hence the colour difference! I have used Tilda with Cross Stitch Heart from the Magnolia Sweet Christmas Dreams Collection 2011 and I have coloured her with copics. I used my snowflakes folder and a craft concepts embossing folder called cottage floral. I used a MS PATP punch for tilda to sit on and some ribbon and jewels to finish off.
The Toynbee Tiles are cryptic message left in different cities, about the size of license plates, all embedded in asphalt. The tiles are all found with some sort of message on them. They all reference 2001: A Space Odyssey and suggest something regarding resurrecting the dead on Jupiter.
You will have a choice between these two blocks: shadowy claustrophobia or a block with front yard style lawns.
With that established the charts now indicate the crash of ages, has begun. This move could retest S&P 1,000 easily, 840 more than likely, and if it violates the 666 March 2009 low, then the next stop is in the high 300′s.
I can and likely do come across as a very strong person, cool and detached. But I also wear my heart on my sleeve, if you know what to look for, or even take the time to look at all. I'm feeling vulnerable and naked and raw. And not in a good way. Today I feel like a little kid who has just found out her best friend is conspiring against her. I want and need a hug. I won't get one. Not tonight, not tomorrow, or the day after that. I am torn between wanting to run to my parents and just tell them everything, and my need to not be under their scrutiny. That is its own special version of hell. I will have to tell them something soon, but with no movement toward resolution, I don't think it would be particularly helpful, or healthy.
Jesse and I wandered over there last night--it's walkable from our house, but I think biking would be a bit better, just to get to the cheese faster.
"Why do you need help?"
EPGP is short for "Epilepsy Phenome Genome Project." It is the largest ever research project done for epilepsy that is going on RIGHT NOW. We are so excited it is being done and that we can be a part of it!!!
We have a winner of the Kinder Latino product entry. Congratulations to Bobbi Storseth Capwell!!
Which at £2m a year means £100m going to Grosvenor Waterside Developments (or whoever has bought it). In addition, there are the other expenses that have been lavished on the building. Those that I knew about in 2000 were £10m for essential upgrading and £1m on air conditioning. How much more has been spent in the past 12 years? If the Wasting Mule wanted to do a real story on Tŷ Hywel it would have told us something of this relatively new building's interesting past.
If only I could tell you how much I miss simple things like my own pillow and hot baths and fresh peanut butter bars and pooping without relying on a tube threaded through my nose. If only I could tell you how life changing this week has really been.
A woman drew her long black hair out tight
- Put food in the dish and put in the oven following the instructions on the distance by type of food.
When you are in the middle of the stress and feel like the world is pressing in on you, take a walk, breathe in deeply, make yourself a schedule, divide your tasks, and maybe even ask for help. Sometimes regrouping will give you a new perspective and show you that it's not as bad as you think.
1229 ***D-XI/21/1995. “The O .J. Simpson Case Revisited.” Jurisprudence Course, The School of Law, Loyola University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1997(8), above, pp. 643-80, and in Item B-15 (Projected), above, pp. 381-402 (2004).) See Item D-VI/30/1994, above.
What did you like least about it? The fact that it made me cry. Well, ok, I don’t really hate it. I loved it too much to hate it.
but you built it up to a better place
I don't know if this is making me feel any better but just the fact that my fingers are moving so fast on the keyboard is helping I think. I wish I could scream through my fingertips. I don't know what I would say but I am sure it would be loud as hell.
The quilt I finished is the Water quilt.
4 cups red wine
LAWSON
She was angry and frustrated, but she didn't give up. She spent a year working and saving, so she could make the trek on her own.
...making sure that I sewed through the chicken wire layer, as well.
This week we have Purple Passion, Tan Hide, Pale Grey and Dusty Blue to challenge us and here is the inspo picture. Loved the combo but the Purple Passion turned out to be a really tricky colour for me.
In order to minimize disruption to academic instructional time, I decided to do our store during lunchtime.It actually worked out beautifully. Most of my students bring their lunches from home, so at our regular lunchtime, they took out their lunchboxes, while the few kids who buy their lunch went down to the cafeteria (and came right back up to class). I put on a movie (okay, it was Spongebob!) to keep them relatively quiet while I called three kids to the back table at a time to make their purchases. We were pretty much all done within 30 minutes, which was just perfect.
*If they are looking to join a new network, tell them who your working with and the level of success that you have had, and that by joining your team you will provide them with marketing and leadership training.
Today, if all goes well, we're bidding a fond farewell to the Kelvinator in the camp. I'm not sure just what vintage that refrigerator is, but it's got to be about the same age as the model pictured in the ad, which is from 1940. I have a hard time picturing any appliance made today lasting for over 70 years, but our Kelvinator is still muddling along, sort of.
wearing a shit-eating grin
Oh, each a worthy lover!
There is another aspect to these calls for ‘Bengal’.This one jives very well with that snazziness that shining India is all about – ‘Brand Bengal’ as it is called in the chambers of commerce and in the upmarket cafes of Kolkata. Some of this is the upwardly mobile upper middle class with its ‘consumer product’ centric view of all things. Then there is the element of supposed ‘coolness’ of ‘Bengal’ vis-à-vis the vernacular. Whats more, it even reeks of the nostalgia of stolen Burma teak, lazy colonial evenings and a booming Calcutta port to drain away surplus. The over bearing presence of the Calcutta-centric ( not Kolkata-centric) discourse on the question of renaming West Bengal did serve to skew the public. To some inhabitants of Calcutta, whose ‘Bengal’ or ‘West Bengal’ do not stretch beyond the confines of the metropolis (except a flight to Darjeeling). They are very perturbed about the discomfiture that foreigners (read inhabitants of Western Europe and USA) would endure pronounce this new name. If they had half the empathy for their fellow beings just beyond their city compared to what they have for folks who live half a world away, may be they would have better appreciated the importance of ‘West’ in ‘West Bengal’. Their lived reality remains utterly divorced from the sensitivities of the matuas and other low-caste communities who migrated from East Bengal and have trans-border organic connections in terms of family ties and pilgrimages. Slicing off references to ‘West’ would have been a project of cleavage – especially ironic in the face of officially sanctioned joint-exercises ( the drill-sounding expression is used intentionally) between India and Bangladesh using Rabindranath Thakur’s 150th birth anniversary as the reason.This, at the same time when, poor Bengalis in either Bengal, are continuously harassed and belittled by immigration functionaries and East Bengalis are gunned down at the Indian Republican frontier by Government of India’s Border Security Force at a disturbingly regular interval.That the killing of East Bengalis does not evoke any serious reaction in Kolkata, the capital of West Bengal, might suggest that the time has indeed come to drop the ‘West’ in West Bengal, as its mandarins show not a shred of sympathy to its brothers and sisters to the east. But there may be hope still.
Actually, that's not true. I wanted to write. I can't really say that I was encouraged in this, but I was only actively discouraged once. Maybe once was enough. I don't know.
-We like to mix them with dried fruit(any kind) and sometimes throw in chocolate chips for a easy trail mix--whether at home or when we head for the hills.
I've joined another Big Picture Class by the lovely Tracey Clark. This time it's Picture Black & White. I signed up what feels like ages ago and was so pleasantly surprised this morning when the first prompt email was in my inbox. It really couldn't be coming at a better time. I've been feeling a little lost for inspiration lately, a little knotted up in my head, and a little off-center/detached/disconnected. These Picture Series classes of Tracey's always open my eyes up to the beauty in my everyday. I need those kinds of reminders sometimes. (Or else my blog might turn into a constant steam of random Monday drivel and too must self promotion about up coming classes.)
Hope you can play along with us. Each challenge you have the chance to win a Wags 'n Whiskers stamp of your choice :-)
Who were your musical influences as a child, who made you want to be a musician?
And so, in the spirit of sharing the dark side of our American culinary heritage, I'd like to present this recipe to posterity:
Fordham University
4. Write down five songs you often listen to or that mean a lot to you.
The next two weeks are lower mileage with shorter long runs (16 this week, 7 next week). Then I have one more 20 miler before taper. I can do it (despite my anxiety).
(Originally written on April 13, 2012 10:33PM)
“How much?”
Take about 2 cups of fucking cream. Whip that bitch up with about 1 or 2 tablefuckingspoons of maple syrup (to taste, really. Depends on whether or not you have a fucking sweet tooth) until it starts forming stiff peaks. Get your fucking serving cups. Start layering those bitches with the maple-blueberry shit first, then throw some crumbled vanilla cookies or any kind of sweet cakey shit you have lying around, then the fucking whipped cream. Keep fucking layering the glasses until their goddamn full. Don't be an asshole and skimp on that shit. This is a fucking dessert, after all. Throw some fucking fresh berries on top to make things pretty. Serve the bitches immediately, and fucking enjoy!
I was able to recover and find my thoughts again after Mr. Preacher left me alone. But that doesn’t mean I forgive him. Keep your negative opinions to yourself. A) they’re not as unique as you think they are and B) you’re insulting the very person you’re sharing them with.
"The problem is probably at a unit level. They (the SANDF) are supposed to have tight control, but some stuff does go missing. We're not among the worst in the world.
taxes are a cacophony of chaos
In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the dough hook, combine the butter, egg, flour, sugar, salt, yeast and 3/4 cup of the water. Mix on low speed until a rough dough comes together. Continue kneading on low speed until the dough is soft and smooth, about 5-7 minutes. You may need to add some of the remaining 1/4 cup of water if the weather is particularly dry where you are. There shouldn't be dry bits of flour in the bottom of the bowl; if there are, slowly add a little bit of water at a time until the dough clears the sides of the bowl but clings to the bottom.
like a dog
The horror of the hoarder’s life
Cross, N. (1999). Design Research: A disciplined conversation. Design Issues , 5-10.
A quick post about a recent visit. I partly want to mention it because it was a model visit in terms of organisation by the librarian in charge - Ruth Kaye. A nice overnight stay for me, a decent fee - thank you! - and a lovely reason for the event: it was a special project involving an adult book group getting together with a teenage book group. Everyone knew why I was there and there felt like a real point to the trip. I know that funding for things like this is difficult and I'm just very grateful to everyone involved.
We exchange cards and have chocolate and such, but we don't make it a national holiday or anything.
AppDictions is easy to read, navigate and search, but beware the tempting ads for "too-good-to-be-true" items. I read several of their reviews and came away wondering if they'd really run any of these apps or if they just regurgitated the sales info from the game developers. Much of the same information is available in the iTunes store.
h - hope
“Groundwater can influence stream temperatures as well as streamflow and in some cases, it can take many years for that groundwater to make it to the stream,” noted Haggerty, the Hollis M. Dole Professor of Environmental Geology at OSU.
My studio is located in a large Florida room which is located off my dining room. It is about 12' x 25'. It has three large windows and one sliding door to the backyard. I do not have much wall space. All my furniture is from Ikea. My pretty aqua stools are hand-painted my a famous folk-art artist from my home country Venezuela.
Michelle Dicinoski is a writer of poetry and creative non-fiction which has appeared in journals, newspapers, and anthologies, including The Best Australian Poems, The Australian Literary Review, and Meanjin. Michelle is working on a memoir called Ghost Wife which examines same-sex marriage, belonging, and the ghostly family histories that haunt us.
I hope this has been helpful.....
WOW I've had SUCH lovely comments from my last post, THANK YOU!! I havent yet replied to all but I will get there. :) It means so much to me to read your beautiful comments and to feel like I'm not the only one who has gone through a rough start as a first-time parent. Thank you so much for sharing your thoughts and your heart-felt words.
* Kyoto University - Kyoto (Japan)
Don't put the battery into fire and heat it.
There we are. I have a plan. I feel strong. I have my mojo back. It's just as well.
Immediately I came up with a zillion things we can do to find ways to help us along in our writing. There's of course the easy ones: read, go on a walk, people watch, do a writing exercise, and the most obvious: write anyway, even if it's crap.
Ooooh I love it , my favourite hog weed covered in pretty snow and the cutest Robin ....it's gorgeous ...THANK YOU mum :0)
Pray that Egyptian believers will rejoice in the opportunity to grow in Christlikeness through the ongoing opposition they face (James 1:2-4). Pray that the Spirit will move in the hearts of this girl and her father.
1. The chosen people of God were hypocrites by speech
Scallop mat White cut from Elegant Edges pg. 24 (shift) 5"
One final thought--do you have a cute little one who would be oh, so cute in front of a camera? You should enter the Cutest Baby Photo of 2011 Contest! You could win $150 to MyBabyClothes.com! Submissions run until December 31st and voting begins on January 1st of 2012! Just go to MyBabyClothes on Facebook and enter!
I can not claim thus to be religious, however I do carry a golden cross around my neck, I do pray at times and I believe that there is more between heaven and earth than can be explain by simple natural laws. Despite being a scientist, governed by logical thinking, I am also forced to keep an open mind, thus I see myself as a deeply spiritual being believing in the unseen and the mysterious.
You don’t have to use lists, but they’re a good way to organize your followers, especially if you’re following a lot of people. When you’re on someone’s page, click on the little arrow button to add them to a list you’ve made:
The glaze is ash. Wood ash. Ash-ash, to be precise.... Near my house, a big ash tree came down in the great storm of 1987, (which was the most severe storm recorded in England since 1703), and though the larger pieces were removed, most of it was burned where it fell.
Untruth. The stone fidelity
Hobbies, holidays and heritage
Finish: Gomshall Station TQ089478
2. Because of the general hectic air of the holiday season, we will NOT have an official December meeting. There will be several people gathering, I'm sure, but we'll not have a formal presentation or tasting.
Matteo "Wet Cat" Yazge
David Ackles: Road To Cairo
I know it is what is best for me and the baby. I know that. But it is harder than you think -- suddenly being very restricted in your activities, even down to the most normal things.
in such circumstances
I have some pictures to show you today, they are a long overdue!
So, I had the surgery and I'm slowly on the mend. I hope you will stick with me as I recover and take my time getting back in the swing of things.
So I had a lovely trip to Bristol to see Karen yesterday, and this is what we got up to – a gig.
To be fair, I’m not sure Vegas has local flavor apart from casino buffets and what has been brought in by other expensive chains. Not that the food there isn't good—as my over-the-shoulder-reading boyfriend pointed out "they have some of the best restaurants in the world."
I did quite a bit of dancing in the car on the drive too. Made a few dance videos for some friends and entertained numerous drivers with my mad skills.
Picture this: you walk out of a giant arena with your sweetheart, having just enjoyed a lovely hockey game/country concert/Stars Wars: The Musical. You are hungry and in the mood for gazing into your darling’s eyes over a plate of pasta and a glass of red. There is a restaurant nearby. Do you really think you are the only people out of the 12,000 Jedi knights that are leaving the arena who will be hungry?? You should have made a reservation!! Now you will walk into our restaurant, along with about thirty other tables and a few random stormtrooper squads, all at the same time, and expect to be seated and served promptly. This is completely silly. I’m not saying: don’t go to the restaurant if you haven’t made a reservation. Whatever, we will deal with it and only curse you out in the kitchen where you can’t hear us, not to your lightsaber-loving face. I’m saying, think ahead. Plan ahead. Or even just call the restaurant and say: do you have room for two plus a giant stuffed Ewok in twenty minutes? At least then we will have some idea of the inter-galactic hordes that are about to descend on our little version of the Mos Eisley Cantina. Simply put, reservations are thoughtful and appreciated. (PS- No droids. This goes without saying.)
Last year we saw teams aid the diffusers use of pulling air from beneath the car, by adding large flap around its trailing edge. So a high rear impact structure raised clear of the diffusers trailing edge will help teams fit these flaps around its entire periphery. Red Bull came up with a novel ideal by creating a duct feeding airflow to the starter motor hole; this improves airflow in the difficult centre section of the diffuser. Many teams will have this starter motor hole exposed by the raised crash structure, allowing airflow to naturally pass into the hole. However I expect some vanes or ducts to aid the flow in reaching this hole tucked down at the back of the car.
It was not really difficult to sort the red tape once we had made the decision (Trust me, getting to that place in your mind is the real challenge but once you are resolute, the rest falls into place, just like doing a puzzle) I was married to a British girl for 10 years so I was bona fide. Up and down to the consulate in Pretoria . Lots of forms and photo’s to keep us busy (because we all had to get new passports, me, my wife and three kids) (and everything has to be un-abridged) but no hitches and got British passports for wife and kids within 6 weeks and my entry visa (indefinite leave to remain in UK) soon thereafter.
So there you have it! You got to be nosy without getting caught!
Finally, we make our way back to the ascent line, do a safety decompression stop, then clamber back aboard the diveboat, assisted by the enthusiastic Igor. As we chat about all aspects of the dive, Jon’s air reporting is the significant one. Remember Martini’s Law? Jon informs us that the first time Ria asked for air levels, Jon actually had 1900psi but was too narced to think of how to convey 1 and 9 and he just wound up raising his fingers in the 1 and 1 that he reported, rather than the 1 and 9 he intended to report. That was clearly the laugh of the day.
Please Note: I was Not paid to write this post.
Whisk together the olive oil, balsamic vinegar, Dijon mustard, sugar, garlic and salt and pepper to taste.
Meet the Kitchen Conversion Chart:
Voice in the elevator . . . my Rosetta Stone for learning a British accent -
I sometimes feel like a bit of a fraud as a mom. I am not the selfless, put others ahead of me at all times person it seems mothers are known for. I sometimes joke that if it weren't for my husband, I would forget I HAD children.... which is of course a gross exaggeration. I'd never forget them. Just their appointments, commitments, assignments, events... My tunnel vision can be immense and my short term memory (or lack thereof) doesn't help in the slightest.
In case I don’t make it, now, dear Gene, I ask a favor of you:
For most of my life, "history" has been very inaccessible to me. I pretty much have to see something to believe it, and in case you need the reminder, I ain't been alive for most of what we call, "history."
Today, make the decision to let go of anything that would keep you from His blessings. Make the decision to be a person of excellence and integrity. Treat others with respect and kindness and look for ways to be a blessing. Be determined to live a life that pleases God so that you can receive the abundance He has in store for you!
Tan addict Patricia Krentcil has been accused of sunbedding her 5 year old daughter to the point of burning the kid’s skin .
For the accessories:
The men are also accused of the repeated rape of the victim's daughters aged 16 and 18.
It really doesn’t matter if Pam Iorio is a recent immigrant to the US or a seventh generation American. In the eyes of Obama, she’s just an opportunity to show off his mad multicultural skillz. Pretty pathetic? Yes. But then, Obowma doesn’t give a shit about looking pathetic. He cares immensely about looking cool in the eyes of the multi-cultural left.
one egg,
People refusing to inject their children with a manufactured product didn’t do so lightly and didn’t do so out of laziness or lack of funds. People refusing are educated on vaccines, diseases and how to properly treat them without the need of synthetic materials. Doctors, hell a lot of people are dismissing real concerns as some passing trend. Maybe if they started acknowledging these concerns, actually listening and investigating; we wouldn’t have such a misunderstanding from health care professionals. It’s not from lack of trying, more and more people are not only learning about what is happening: they are seeing it with their own eyes.
Everyday! Everynight!
I always carry travel journals that I make specific to the place I am traveling to.
Maybe I overreacted.
While there's no bright star right at that location, the closest one at about 7° away would be Deneb, an incredibly luminous white supergiant. Depending on which constellation scheme you go with, that star is either the head of the Northern Cross, or the tail of Cygnus the Swan.
I wouldn't say that a road trip through a failed state is ever something that would have occurred to me, but I am glad it occurred to Abby. I feel fortunate to have been part of such an eye-opening experience.
Dumbledore jailed him, took away the keys,
My question; why wasn't a funnel involved? Politicians, even President Swagger are supposed to be skilled at ramming things down our throats, couldn't that skill have been employed to generate a Stevie/McCarthy moment?. Frankly I'm still thirsty. For Harmony!
The DBM’s home page is converted into a chat room by the hackers (see image below). However, the DBM site is back later this afternoon after it was temporarily diverted to its old site moments it was hacked.
In restaurant menus, crab cakes are often found sitting prettily on top of pasta dishes as a main course. To round out my Valentine's dinner, I zoomed in on a recipe that I had snagged some time ago but hadn't yet tried. Roasted Red Pepper Puree with Prosciutto and Pasta appears to be a great complement for my love of crab. The sauce is rich and flavorful enough to stand on its own with the pasta, but the crab cakes elevate the meal to something even more special. Valentine's Dinner is crab cakes and pasta On My Plate.
Israel had crucified Jesus Christ and because they were still under Law had to do, as that Law demanded, i.e. “repent and be baptised for the remission of sins. Saul of Tarsus was likewise guilty of rejecting and denying the Son of God. He, likewise, had to be cleansed in the same way, which is with water.
“No.” Says Ted, “I thought it would save time and money to do it all in one go.”
When my son was about 3, he had an action figure of the green Power Ranger. He named him Lucky.
I'll end with a few details to support the above claims, though there's so much more packed along these lines packed into the film that it could (and probably will) provide material for a fair number of academic dissertations. The title Margaret comes from a line in a Gerard Manley Hopkins poem read to Lisa's class by a literature teacher (Matthew Broderick) who, like a police detective in the film, eats his lunch at his desk. Lisa's mother (J. Smith Cameron) is a stage actress by profession, and we're privy to a realistic look at how tumult in her personal life informs her performances, and vice versa. Her new suitor (Jean Reno) is an opera lover, and the film's final scenes takes place at a performance of Offenbach's Tales of Hoffman. It masterfully demonstrates that sometimes sharing an experience in a theatre can be the best way to honor the loved ones we have lost, and strengthen our bond with a loved one sitting in the seat next to ours.
“Thanks. That makes me feel so much better. I’ll get the handbasket ready.” I sighed, realizing I was getting nowhere fast. “I suppose you want to be wearing your sandals in the avatar so you look like you’re wearing Jesus-Christ-water-walkers with your jumpsuit. I mean, why not, right?”
Or wear 10 foot wide red plastic underpants for that matter…
Most of you know that when your forms have select elements you have to be a bit more careful on how you process user input. A select element will not appear as a post variable ($_POST) if the element is not selected. That means you cannot assume the element will appear in the post array, instead you must check that it exists. Typically using the PHP isset() function.
…after Jesus said this,… went up onto a mountain to pray. As he was praying, the appearance of his face changed, and his clothes became as bright as a flash of lightning….
But Green B.E.A.N. is more than just a delivery service; they have great community outreach and make sure that through partnerships with Gleaners Foodbank and Second Helpings (in the Indianapolis area), people get fresh produce. Giving everyone access to good food is a cause close to my heart. Food is the good stuff in life, don’t you agree?
OG: "HEY!!!!! THERE IS A DEAD SHARK DOWN THERE!!! AND I FOUND IT!!!
Feather blending looks a little better, but it's still pretty streaky. Also, you quickly run the risk of adding too much ink and creating blobby edges with ink buildup. Not very pretty.
Young Josiah is a slave to Argamor, the powerful warlord who has plans to seize the throne from King Emmanuel. When Josiah fails in his attempt to escape slavery, Emmanuel not only sets him free forever, but adopts him into the Royal Family. The book presents an unforgettable picture of our salvation and reminds the reader what a wondrous thing it is to be redeemed. Alive with fast-paced action in a medieval setting, Book 1 of the Terrestria allegory series encourages the reader to live as a child of the King.
Plus, in 2 weeks Mick and I are taking Flynn away for the weekend for his very first trip to the beach. He's so excited - everytime he sees a picture of a beach, or a beach on tv he gets all bouncy and goes " Mummy - we go to beach! Flynn and Mummy and Daddy! ". Not only will it be his first trip to see the ocean, but it will most likely be the only trip away that Mick and I get this year ( as he is the only driver we have for our delivery service, he cant take holiays or sick leave ). So if i dont get at least one perfect, sunny day when we go to Nelson Bay i am going to be so disappointed. And angry and kind of upset. ( As much as you can get upset and angry with the weather - i mean, there isnt really anyone to blame is there ? )
(I planned to get a photo of Sarah while we ran too but I never saw
to lighten, dark, to storm or to abate?
Back on the double decker! Excuse Me! Excuse Me!
Terms of sale: How quickly does payment need to be received? How long do you ship after receiving an order? Do you accept returned products and issue refunds? If so, under what circumstances? Do you offer exchanges? It is best to clearly list this information ahead of time to save argument and confusion should an unfortunate situation occur. In fact, have you even considered it yet?
I was told that this song was a protestant version of the actual miracle. Supposedly, the truth was that the Duke (he wasn't actually a king)was going to Adoration on a very cold night and the page was his torch bearer. The page was freezing, he walked in the saint's steps, he miraculously warmed up.
Of course, a romance wouldn’t sell into that market at that time, so the story is a Western-type setting where a guy teams up with mortal-enemies to travel into alien territory to rescue his ONE TRUE LOVE — only then he gets caught by her kidnappers and she has to rescue him and his new buddy.
The final group of inventors of the compound eventually claimed by the patent, is of course a subset of the larger group of 19 inventors who first identified this initial class of compounds in the study that was originally published in Nature and which can be accessed over here.
Have you noticed a new/old trend in decorating/crafting?
In any case, the Alien series has left me with a question that I come back to every time I wonder again and again, where did these damn Xenomorphs come from? Where better to find an answer than the interwebs an a loathed prequel series. (cough AVP cough). But in the entire Alien universe (from films to novels to comics) how do they spread?
Monzon, as well as each artist mentioned, plays on an anxiety found at the heart of painting. If a painting looks like wallpaper, where does it derive its value? If two things look exactly the same, then where does the meaning come from? Is it just pretension that separates one from the other? This was particularly troubling to modernists, people like Kandinsky who believed that to leave content out of painting and to pursue pure form was to leave the physical world entirely or like the critic Clement Greenberg, who thought painting’s internal logic and the manifestation of that logic in history literally gave painting a guarantee and purpose. In a world where painting rolled a hard six on its value (literally staking the physical and spiritual world), to compare a Rothko to Grandma’s bathroom floral print was tricky and anxiety inducing experience. The artists mentioned above were willing to take on that anxiety to see where it went – they were willing to be funny, ironic, cynical, or even mean spirited. They deflated so called “high mindedness” in favor of what maybe the harsher truth -- that human expression through painting maybe impossible or merely self-indulgent and therefore useless to the wider world. These painters get both catty and gossipy in their work, but, and this is more important, they also get at the big issues of what art is, what it should do.
So what a surprise it was when I got an email from Janis last night telling me that she and Dina would be headed up this way on a road trip to visit friends and family since they both had this week and next for a vacation. Of course I wanted to see them again, and they were more than happy to be seeing me after all these years. We shot emails back and forth at each other, and arrangements were made for the three of us to have dinner together. They’d pick me up at my place, and we’d head off for the north country and a change of scenery for all of us. We listened to a Jackson Browne CD all the way, because of all the singers Janis and Dina like, that’s one we all three could agree that we liked, and the clatter of chatter and laughter accented the music nicely.
Luckily, for the most part, I do believe the writer as I can see it. The work might still not be right for me but it's strong enough that the offer is probably real.
The legend in question may never have reached the uppermost heights of fame, even at her most notorious as a blonde sex bomb, but Mamie Van Doren has something over every one of her competitors, from the truly Olympian (Monroe) to the more than faintly risible (not just Jayne - think Joi Lansing and Cleo Moore): she survived. And she is, against all odds, in Mr. Sondheim's phrase, Still Here.
tomato passata (optional)
I have been in Port Huron, Michigan visiting a friend. This is a view off her deck and we saw lots of these freighters passing by. Far in the distance you can see Canada. We had a great visit, and while there visited the Sew Elegant quilt shop and got the supplies we needed for Twilling!
It's quite a strange beer. On the initial sip you get a really smooth beer and you expect something really thick and oily. This disappears though, the body and mouth feel is light, and your left with your mouth burning of pure flavour. There's a big orange tang on the back of your tongue after the swallow, but the most obvious element is the powerful woody flavours which dominate your senses. (I've worked with Cedar before in furniture making, it's got really powerful and distinctive aromas, and takes a while to get the smell off your hands... not that it was a bad thing) It's slightly charred, lots of the burnt toast coming through with a drying quality making it very moorish. It's obviously alcoholic, but not in a way which makes you think 'slow down' - I don't think it's as warming as a 11.2% beer should be, which makes it a little dangerous in my opinion.
Tris's mother rescues her, and together they run to a safehouse where Tris's father, Caleb, and some of the Abnegation are staying. On the way, Tris's mother sacrifices herself so that Tris can escape. Tris runs into Will, her friend from initiation, who is now under the simulation, and is about to shoot her. In her panic, she shoots him instead, and somehow makes it to the safehouse.
First of all I tried Delia Smith´s recipe – aside from deciding to make the dough in my bread maker then forgetting it was in there on a bake programme…well, the result was a hugely over risen loaf that was raw in the middle.
But the raw data does not capture the disappointing display from a player who, fresh off his first PGA Tour win in 30 months, was made bookmaker’s favorite this week.
We returned to the boat and more than ready to get a good night’s sleep. It was a bit rough, but we secured the dinghy at the side of the boat and went down below. About 30 minutes later, I went above to check on the dinghy and saw that the waves had become much bigger, and they were really tugging on the dinghy lines so we decided to put her on deck. It was a bit of a struggle with gusts of 30 knots, and now we had our dinghy wheels on, which made it more difficult to pull her aboard. Anyway, we got her all secured, but then we noticed that we were much closer to sv Panache than we liked. We sat in the cockpit for awhile and watched. We also checked our GPS position, which indicated that we had not drug the anchor.
“Woo, hell yea!” Adrenaline coursed through my body.
So I decided to enlist some help yesterday, and go to someone whom I consider a real blogger, to fix my header. Because whenever I go to read Krista Ewert's One Beautiful Life, I stop for at least a full minute before reading, just coveting my neighbor's property...her header is perfectly aligned, her layout is clean and organized, her photography is flawless. And her posts read like a well-written novel. And that's when I remember- ooooh that's right- Krista is a real blogger.
I still loved the seam lines, though, and I had already gone to all the trouble to trace the darn thing, so I decided to do a little experiment. I cut off the tops of the center front, side front, and side back pattern pieces, and moved them all in toward the center by 1 whole inch.
Never, not once did I think Natalie took what we said to heart.
What they do not tell you is that the test consists of one of two papers chosen at random. One is a blank sheet with the words “What are the road rules?” written at the top in your own language. The other asks: “You have two hours to explain why scrungeblobs are not allowed within fifty zorthopeks of the disfustilator. Give at least seven reasons why this is fair.”
Cab Calloway & His Orchestra--Aw You Dawg
It means cash coming in and cash going out. That is your action.
Edit 2: The wooden fence next to the concrete section of the wall. The goal is to construct a wall the same height as the existing structure, with three feet of barbed wire (three coiled stacked on top of each other) on top.
The After Shot:
Thanks to everyone else who played along!
At that point, Mike hastily stood up, looking at the front of the empty restaurant and saying “Yeah, I think I have heard of that, will you excuse me I think I–”
Well...that's the story of the yarn, as they say! I need to go and evict more bolted lettuce from my garden (remember what I said...plant less lettuce!)...
The volume control that’s calibrated to ten has clearly been set at twelve. The cat in the hat, who’s setting these controls for the heart of this sun – Natty Dread – nods his flowing locks in satisfaction; his deftness on the decks is disembowelling music into a whole new art form.
Give it a go – it is NOT easy!
Someone who won’t label or judge
And anyone who has attended any of these demonstrations will tell there are always people who are there just for the sake of engaging in mindless violence for the sheer hell of it and were waiting for an opportunity to explode.
As I am writing now, I suddenly realise why I have never learned to swim and have always been terrified by deep water.
Evening everyone! Hope you're all well? I'm trying to relax (with a glass of red!) after a rather stressful day at work. I had a minor meltdown when I thought I'd lost my 3 year marketing plan presentation I'd been working on for weeks, with only an hour to go before I was due to present it to the whole company...arrgghhh! I was dealing with it quite calmly, but panic quickly set in & my poor colleague who I share an office had to deal with tears which could have quickly descended into a full on tantrum! Turns out our delightful IT system had saved it in a completely random place (to be honest that could have been me, it was late when I left the office last night!) & the presentation was safe & sound. Big sigh of relief, but man alive today has been a long day.
There were no offensive odors in the air, just the crisp air with the smell of greenery. It reminded him of being in a greenhouse, a sensation he could only describe as rubbing his face in a freshly rinsed salad.
In addition, compared against other options, a pilot operating this aircraft remotely —with the benefit of technology and with the safety of distance—might actually have a clearer picture of the target and its surroundings, including the presence of innocent civilians. It’s this surgical precision—the ability, with laser-like focus, to eliminate the cancerous tumor called an al-Qa’ida terrorist while limiting damage to the tissue around it—that makes this counterterrorism tool so essential.
* 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
The city’s Parks Department took control of the site in 2004 and in the years that followed, set out a plan to redevelop the site and Highland Park as one of eight “regional parks” around the city. Initial plans, conceived through the PlaNYC 2030 master plan, called for one of the reservoir’s three basins to be cleared and developed with new ball fields and play areas.
For the few weeks preceding his death on Saturday, February 25, Tanvir struggled to eat due to problems with his digestive tract.
So there you have it, my top ten all time favorite DIY projects of 2011. Here's hoping I have some good ones for next year as well. If I have Pinterest to inspire me it should be a good year.
For 50% of comparisons, gay and lesbian partners did not differ from heterosexual partners. Seventy-eight percent of comparisons on which differences were found indicated that gay or lesbian partners functioned better than heterosexual partners did. Because the variables that predicted concurrent relationship quality and relationship stability for heterosexual parents also did so for gay and lesbian partners, I conclude that the processes that regulate relationships functioning generalize across gay, lesbian, and heterosexual couples” (Kurdek).
Before we know it we are at Tony’s place . . . Pimpin Hollywood Hills house that Rocky had actually renovated for Tony. Pete new this straight away but it took me a little longer – Turns out that Tony is Anthony Clark the Comedian/Actor from the sitcom ‘Yes Dear’ that ran for 6 years.
Having said that, readers do still need some elements of familiarity and stories still need to be believable - i.e. could it really happen like that? So 'write what you know' should still be in the mix. I mean, what's wrong with setting 'kitchen sink dramas' in a futuristic world peopled by aliens?? What if that could really happen....
Keeping her supple through the exercises, combined with a good contact and rythm are the main parameters.
June 4 NEW London, UK Peter White and Dave Koz unplugged – special lunchtime show at the Pizza Express, Dean Street London W1 TBA
It changed of course when Ros's glorious pictures came in. And we worked on it as a very committed quartet: me. Ros, Janetta and the Art Director, Judith Escreet. It was published in the UK in April 2010 and in the US in 2011. Pleasingly, it has already picked up foreign editions in double figures but we always knew that there would be an issue in some countries with one spread.
In September 1873, all that changed.
We are only a doorkeeper. We open it and we shut it according to the command given us. We never make the decision. Never do we make this decision. No man can open or shut the door to heaven. Only God can open or shut the door.
Can't really remember when she stopped referring to herself in the 3rd person, but I recall it was in line with normal cognitive development. And now she's doing it again. Not sure whether it's because I sometimes say 'mama loves you' and similar 3rd-person phrases, or something else altogether.
memories of scalps harbouring sand came to mind.
Camellia sasanqua 'Showa-No-Sake'
Mari Ann
117 have directly or indirectly bankrupted at least 2 businesses
Cheese and 70s Satanists before bed make for messed up dreams.
I was started on Oxytocin and within an hour or so I was starting to get uncomfortable. I asked for the epidural, partly because I didn’t want to miss it and partly because I knew how bad the pain could get. I was nervous about it going in, to be honest, I was so high on Demerol and Nitrous Oxide gas last time I don’t really remember it going in…this time I was scared. I kicked Brian out of the way and was hanging on to Cheryl. As he put in the freezing I said “shit, crap, I am trying not to swear, fudge, fudge fudge”. It was pretty funny….the anesthetist said, come on you can do better than that! After just a minute it was in and working fabulously.
this is the possibly the funniest three minutes of 2012 so far.
Take a look around you from where you sit. You will notice that everything in the room is “made”: the walls, the upholstery, the ceiling, the chair where you sit, the booklet you hold in your hand, the glass on the table and countless other details. None of them happen to exist in your room of their own accord. Even the simple loops of the carpet were made by someone: they did not appear spontaneously or by chance.
Not so creative? Use old maps, recycled wrap, food boxes, food storage boxes, covered baking pans, or cans. Basically the sky is the limit. Draw on it, cover it or just add a bow.
The girls stayed with Nanny and Grandad for the night and had a whale of a time, feeding chickens, making me a birthday cake and eating ice cream. My initial worries of leaving RB for the first time soon disappeared with my stepmum giving me regular updates by text!
Did Noah have woodpeckers on the ark? According to Jenny, the woodpeckers didn’t need to go on the ship, because they can fly! She added, “You should rather ask whether he had termites on his ark”.
The station has its first permanent anchor schedule since long-time anchor Ted Henry left the building nearly 9 months ago, and here it is:
I'm not well-versed in the thriller genre, but I do know a thrilling book when I read one. The Informationist kept me awake past my bedtime on quite a few occasions. Each time I opened it, I felt like I was swept into Africa. If I hadn't had a deadline for this interview, on page 267 I would've slowed down just a bit to savor it. Then again, I may not have been able to help myself and gobbled it up anyway. It's that good and compelling a read.
This is also just as simple as making cream. No extra ingredients are needed, but this time we'll need a blender.
and we always get lots of
JOE: Thanks, it’s a pleasure to chat. Yes, we do keep busy. With a slate of now up to 24 films a year, we’re getting busier than ever!
While many individual activities and programs, such as those listed above, are recognized as national models, the successes of these efforts can be optimized through strategic coordination and cooperation. This new subcommittee will fold activities of existing regional ITS and M&O groups or projects into the regional transportation planning process, provide ongoing input into the development of the Regional Transportation Plan and Transportation Improvement Program, and provide a forum for information exchange. The subcommittee will also serve other related functions as relevant (e.g., as the steering committee for the Regional Strategic Thoroughfare System Plan, a plan currently under development by ARC.) Additional groups or projects will be added to the subcommittee as applicable.
To make the filling:
“I am seeing an indication of an incoming inquiry. It looks like some sort of a trace exercise. I need to see where the signal is coming from”.
Happy Four Year Blog-a-versary to us, little blog & me. The official 4th anniversary suggestions are fruit or flowers. The only fruit beers we can stomach here at a beer sort of blog are Magic Hat #9, and Dogfish Head's Punkin Ale. I'm ordering some of each.
You went and not return,
13And the priest of the image of Jupiter, which was before the town, took oxen and flowers to the doors of the town, and was about to make an offering with the people.
earshot. It can hold whiners back
With that in mind, the answer becomes obvious. Bird evolved from reptiles, so the first bird must have come out of an egg--laid by a reptile.
Introducing our "Clear Block Storage":
Yer gonna have to leave me now, I know
Having the integral coaster means the button fastening has to be at the top, but I've made sure it's at the side away from your thumb so it's not annoying. I LOVE how these turned out, all those colourful stripes make me smile......
I leave the church and join the Essex Way to continue across parkland then along a track flanked by majestic oak trees. At the gate lodge, I turn right onto a winding lane bordered by blackthorn undermined by extensive rabbit warrens. Then, off the road, and through a flat landscape of grassland and fields of wheat splashed with bright red poppies. At Aldercar, the path leads downhill into woodland which as the name suggests comprises alder trees growing in a wetland valley bottom, bisected by a gently trickling stream. Beneath the trees, lush green ferns and sedges, purple foxgloves and yellow buttercups flourish in the damp soil. Once over the railway, the path heads uphill, sharing buttercup-gilded timber-fenced paddocks with grazing horses and their foals.
Back at the diner, Caroline comes in and tells Max she got a cupcake job after making a call to a connection she knows. The job is for the son of a socialite in Manhattan and calls for them to make 60 cupcakes with buttercream frosting. Max refuses to do it because buttercream is difficult to make. Caroline then tells her that the connection she used was Max’s boss for her babysitting job, Peach, and that Peach referred her to Constance. Max tells Caroline she’s telling Peach that they’re not doing it. Afterward, Caroline walks in on Sophie & Oleg having sex in the freezer. Max then heads over to Peach’s to tell her that she and Caroline aren’t taking the job. Peach tells her she has to do the job and it has to go swimmingly.
In Christ, we have been given greatness, hope, peace, love, power, eternity.
Americans plugged into the Matrix are programmed to believe that they have correct information provided by a varied and “independent media.” In fact the media is owned by 5 or 6 mega-media companies run by corporate advertising executives and Washington.
If you don't have a blog but still want to participate, you can email your tile to me and i will post it here. (See the contact tab above for my email address). The deadline for each weekly challenge is Saturday night so that i can round everyone up by Sunday. What this means is that i will stop adding tiles to the slideshow on Sunday. You're still more than welcome to do the challenges and add your name to the linkey machine.
Maybe I can create a doppelganger of myself that has all the self confidence in the world, that always knows what his friends and loved ones are thinking, that always knows what to say to his special someone to help her feel less alone, AND who can land any job in the country with a wink and a smile.
His willingness to help.
But instead melts as farmers work the loam,
You used to work on the publishing side of things. As a writer, is having that behind-the-scenes knowledge helpful? Is it ever a hindrance?
Conclusion? The Jets set out to draft at least 3 starters. They did. Like I said earlier in the offseason, you can’t fill all needs in one offseason, but if you sign the right players via free agency and draft well, you can go a long way toward rebuilding. The early verdict is that they took a big step toward putting last season behind them.
We are spending the day at home (wohooooo).......the turkey and stuffing is in the oven, the pies are made....... just waiting for my mother in law to come over and then we can eat!! Ok, I still need to make the mashed potatoes and a few other last minute things.....but for the most part we are ready to go. I'm so glad to finally get a day of relaxing family time- the last week and a half has been crazy busy for me. Looking forward to the long lazy weekend- planning on watching "White Christmas" and some other holiday classics movies as well- and hope to get some actual stamping and creating done! I might even get a few Christmas decorations out....who knows?
13 The Great Cull
with the company that he works for. To mark the
(10) Isaiah 40:9
Now, with the unexpected death of her parents, Emma is plunged back into a world of despair and confusion. It’s a confusion only compounded by Carl’s return. She’s supposed to be in love with him...so why can’t she keep her mind off Thomas, the strong, quiet widower who always seems to be underfoot? Could the man she only knew as a friend be the one to help her to heal?
It is only now, at 38, that she feels able to reflect on a system she believes badly let her down.
Some people worry that the short story, like the vole, is declining due to loss of habitat.
My mom has always been a big advocate, especially in the gay, lesbian, transsexual and bisexual community so for me it’s always been a part of my soul.
Chosen randomly from the comments, the winner of the Play Date Give-away from McDonald's of Utah is . . .
Sad to say, but this little bit I am doing is beating me up. Oh, I'll drag through it. I'll... I'll do it. I will even do more than scheduled, I am seeing that already. But too, I will do less than what could, probably should, really be done. Oh, shut up you! Another siren call, leading me to the cliff's edge, don't you know? I am hoping, if the floor in the bathroom is still good, to have the water heater replaced, the carpets steam-cleaned, and my bedroom, living room, and on-suite bathroom back into production by Saturday, depending on how fast the carpets dry from the cleaner. Which will really happen first is still up in the air, depending several factors.
“It’s January. Process this, it is January, right, and I’m currently sitting outside on our porch (is it porch? the step in front of our front door?) and I’m sitting outside in a wool sweater, jeans, and my boots—but I’m heating up. I don’t know who January thinks she is, but this weather is unacceptable.”
It may be nice to be an Auntie (Mame or otherwise), because you avoid the crying, the diapers, the sleep deprivation. However, you miss the giggles, the hugs, the clutching, furtive steps to try to walk, the joy in seeing other people love you for just being you.
Instead I assume the RAF, feeling "well jel" got the rug pulled from under them.
So what time was sunset in Paris in early November? Was there enough time for all that to happen? No. Sunset was 5:30. Not time to nearly drown, be rescued, go home, get changed, have a shower and arrange a meeting for 7 while 7 is still an hour in the future. Change to meeting in the bar at 9.
For those already waist deep in the project, what things should I start adding to my layouts?
2010- After 10 months straight on the upside the market suffers a 9% correction from January into February. It then rebounds strongly and puts in a major high in April. This is very similar to the run from March 2003- March 2004 in terms of time. Market then bottoms 2 months later. Market narrowly missed confirming new cyclical bear market. It wasn’t until 4 months later (late-August/early-September) that an uptrend was confirmed. The high from April wasn’t seen again until November. Cyclical bull continues into 2011.
The offer I had from T-Mobile retentions was to stick at my current £10/month tarrif (100 minutes, unlimited texts/Internet) and pay £260 for the handset – not a bad deal at all really considering how much the phone is worth.
Your daughter
"How you feeling Moon honey?"
And rise
Included in the weekend: three gourmet meals in atmospheric local restaurants, a half day Foodscape hinterland tour taking in three of the region's best producers and a guided historical walking tour of Bangalow as well as fun writing workshops and plenty of free time to allow your creative juices to flow. Each of the three included restaurant meals will be attended by a local writer, editor or identity who'll lead themed discussions on topics from how to capture the essence of a destination to how to pitch an article to an editor with questions and answers, readings and more.
they've been working on the fireplace mantle and the kitchen area,
4. Using piercing tool make holes in the shape of swirls. Put brads into holes.
Sarasota Sheriff’s deputies say
Hi friends! I am so excited to be sharing one of our FAVORITE dinner recipes with you! This is one of Kevin’s favorite dishes, and it is so easy to make! This recipe is easy, quick, and delicious! Since you cook everything ahead of time, this dish is super easy to whip up ahead of time, refrigerate, and then pop in the oven when you get home from work the next day. I really hope you enjoy it! If you try it out, let me know! I hope you love it as much as we do :)
10pm
Flowers
If They Mated
I was in Fatehpur Sikri last month. It was just 7 am when I arrived there with guide in tow. Though I had read up on this abandoned city, it didn’t prepare me for the sheer lyrical atmosphere of the place. The red sandstone, clear blue skies and the greenery around was sheer poetry. Sandstone is my favourite stone (you can read more about my love for sandstone here and here) and just the sight of an entire historical city built out of this was a catalyst for me to travel back in time . And time travel in Fatehpur Sikri did not disappoint. The grand architecture, the sweeping vistas, the gardens, the exquisite and delicate jaali work in sandstone, the layout of the Imperial Complex, the attention to detail to make each space unique, the Jami Masjid, the colours inside… where do I even begin and for that matter where do I end?
But I regret not
How are you and your family? I am still waiting for your response regarding the fund. This fund 15.2 million would be paid into your account within 10 working days according to the Bank Director. Please get back to me immediately.
Speaking of projects... it's time for the 2011 round up, because, earlier this week was my 4th blogiversary. Crazy. I tallied the numbers, and as I thought, I didn't nearly knit as much in 2011 as I did in 2010 or 2009. This year I knit:
Always buy your coffee whole-bean and as freshly roasted as possible. Roasted coffee can stale very quickly. The peak of coffee freshness is about as long as the shelf-life of a loaf of bread. That being said, the best place to buy your coffee is at small, local specialty coffee shops that roast their own beans. Store your beans in an airtight container, but be sure to open it at least once a day to release carbon-dioxide buildup.
During this last month ive reflected on everything ive done for the past year…
*”Funny thing. People are so worried about their necks that they forget about what’s down below.”
One of the top three students talked about how she dreamed of being an explorer, and was creative with her speech. Instead of just talking about what she’d like to do, she had a narrative of an adventure she imagined, and used pictures that she drew in a powerpoint presentation describing going into a cave. She won second place.
So I came down from Oregon via car/rental truck and had a nice drive with my good friend Karen. We stopped along the way through many many mannnyyyy National Parks. I have loads of pictures but not today not just yet. I have yet to edit or upload those.
I threw on my tennis shoes and my camelbak
Rohmer, with the invaluable assistance of lead actress Marie Rivière (they are both credited with coming up with the script), gradually reveals, however, that Delphine's desperation as a result of Caroline's bombshell announcement suggests a far deeper malaise, one seemingly borne out of a broken-off engagement two years ago that she apparently still hasn't gotten over. The film doesn't get much into the particulars of this aborted engagement; it's simply a fact of her past, and it is still having an effect on her in the present, manifesting itself in occasional crying jags, denial, anti-social streaks and so on.
I think I will do one more like this to make a pair and then move onto something else. It has been fun experimenting this way as a change of pace, but stylistically I am not ready to move in this direction in a major way.
I wanted to use a soft color scheme for this card. I'm happy with the pretty blue. This photo shows the signature page on the inside:
We would arrange the songs through jamming after I brought some ideas of the songs during Merry-Go-Round period. I usually took charge in the melodies but the main riffs of the guitar of keyboard would reflect the members’ opinions. The arrangements were also more focused on the musical performance rather than the vocal sound since the process took place as we jammed together.
Mother: Unknown
Daffodils are quite a challenge for me to paint. I attempt sketching them every year, and every time I do it is a struggle. Getting the lights light enough, showing those darks and shadows without getting mud. They are so delicate in color, such happy flowers. I love seeing them popping up every spring. This year, because of our mild winter, our daffodils are blooming a full month earlier than they did the past two years. But yet again, they bloomed and then we had a snowfall. That does seem to happen every year!
45s:
1- Louis T. McFadden,-Chairman of the House Banking Committee-(1928-1935)
Brian May – Guitar
I also caught up on Spartacus and started God of War AGAIN.
* Go to a baseball game. We have a minor league team in our area, and we love to go see the Rangers!
I will be hosting the May edition of No Croutons Required. After much thought, I have decided that the theme will be eggs. Make a soup or salad where eggs are the shining ingredient. I will also accept egg curries.
An internet search told me that the truck stop is no longer there. I don't know who else makes chili and toast quite like that. I've tried. I can make a good chili, but it never seems to be quite like the chili at Tu-Lane. I've not even been able to duplicate the way they made the toast, but maybe it was the combination of the toast and the chili that really made the difference.
It is your job to be interested in the world. It is your job to ask your own questions about the world. I believe it’s an unschooling parent’s job to be excited themselves about learning the incredibly cool stuff there is to learn about the world. Learn from your own children how to be curious, aware and interested.
This is not a decision made lightly. But it is, I feel, a necessary decision to make.
I had issues with Avinash for a long time due to his ignorance on the importance and priority on friends that rose with a hotel incident. It was finally sorted when Avinash left us and then I felt really sorry for not letting him know it earlier.
So it will again be a stand off .
Second Mum and BFF2 have witnessed me a) nearly drive into a cyclist because I didn’t see him and b) nearly reverse onto a cyclist because he just came out of nowhere right up the back of my car as I went to reverse. Me and cyclists are not friends. I think of them as a swarm of buzzing bees. Because they always seem to come in for the attack, no matter if I’m on foot or in the car. Pedestrians are bad enough with their habit of just crossing the road whenever they want and then not rushing when the traffic starts coming at them but cyclists just seem to think we should stop and let them do whatever they want. They’re evil. And crazy. Crazy evil road users.
MIKE
from Sapele also arrested
of black papered books
According to Adib Khair, the Syrian general manager of Sama Productions which produced the hit series, the original episodes which aired in Turkey are 80 minutes in length, while the dubbed in Arabic episodes are each 45 minutes long. “We censor slightly,” Mr Khair said. “It’s not huge. There are no big emotional things, no graphic kisses in the first place, no love scenes, no nudity. If we find, for example, a lot of drinking shots that are not essential to the plot, we take them out. But if someone is drunk and it’s part for the story, we leave it.”
So nice to be in my own comforty bed without all the monitors attached. Ultrasound shows BabyB is a good size, around 2.7kgs! And very healthy and happy bouncing around during all those painful contractions.
Everybody at the park came over in a panic. We massaged Annie's hip for a few minutes and she eventually put weight on it and we walked slowly back to the car. I felt bad for her - she is almost 9 now and has a hard time getting over injuries. Having her mom fall on her probably was scary as hell too.
One last thing. As Captain Rogers would put it: “There is only one God…” No one can ever compare to Him. We are no superheroes and we need no superheroes. What we need is a Savior. Good thing Jesus already came to save you, me and all of us. (Luke19:10 – For the Son of Man came to seek and save what was lost.)
Just the other day, Nedbank chairman Reuel Khoza weighed in with some strongly expressed sentiments of his own. His choice of vernacular was somewhat different to that of Cleopatra Hani, but with the same inference nonetheless.
I gave my daughter a sofa and some classic club chairs.
2. Look for "Free Photostrip" to click on
“Apart from the fact that all three men were arrested together, there is no other evidence to suggest they form part of a syndicate,” he said. He said Moodley, who had previous convictions for drunk driving and culpable homicide, could afford R20 000 for bail.
Serbia's chief Kosovo negotiator Borislav Stefanovic said the holding of the referendum is "meaningless" because its result — rejection of ethnic Albanian rule — is certain.
Lemon Rosemary Salmon
To wit:
Anyway, Monday. First hour. Sort of a combination discovery flight, first lesson. We went off and did the 4 basics of flying. Climbs, turns, descents and straight and level. All flying is basically some combination of those 4. At least for fixed wing aircraft. We then went to a big wide empty field next to the runway and I proceeded to make myself airsick. My instructor, great guy by the way, sets up a hover and then give me the pedals. My only job is to maintain a heading. Keep the nose pointed at a big white pole just outside of this acre and a half field that we're in the middle of. Not too bad. Then he gave me the collective, throttle and pedals. Now, I'm supposed to maintain heading and height. A little worse, but okay. I'm only bouncing up and down maybe 10 ft. and swinging back and forth maybe 30 degrees. Then he says he's gonna take back the collective, throttle and pedals and he's gonna give me just the cyclic. At this point I KNOW this man is insane and suicidal.
This plot/plan was serious and we had military/intelligence agency level technology/equipment to carry out our mission, a strike team, a spy team, a clean up team, et cetera; and the plot/plan had layers of planning and preparation.
I have used Bo Bunny papers for this - I have had these Timepieces papers a while - I swear I am going to use up the stuff in this room!!!!!
When he finished it, he said, "Quick, bring me another beer. It's gonna start." This time, she looked a little angry, but brought him a beer.
When Italian pastry chef, Marcello Giannini took the train to visit his parents, he could never have guess how much this one trip would change the course of his life.
Where do I even begin to tell you all the things I did today?! My first day home with no job... and I was so stinkin' busy!! NOT!!!
If they are as disgruntled as the rest of the nation, they must speak out now because their opinions would send a clear message to Umno, that enough is enough.I pose the question because extremist Malays appear to dominate the affairs of Malaysia. Are the moderates consumed by apathy? Are they afraid of drawing attention? A few may think they are not articulate, or that their views do not matter. Perhaps, the moderates are content to carry on as we have done for the past 54 years; hence their silence.
So, off I went looking at machines. The first one that I liked was a Bernette 20. But, I'm old school when it comes to sewing machines & have to test drive more than one.
“I ate earlier with the boys, so do you want to eat now?” (Suzanne rarely ate after 8pm).
Singer thread
Elizabeth
I’ve been talking about it for six months, and thinking about it for a while, now I’ve done it.
Freddie’s personality is said to have led to clashes within the band, and Jeremy Gallop effectively ended their existence when he took back all his equipment.
this quote struck me as i read it this morning. i have been that girl before. stuck in the past - unable to enjoy the now because ... well, because.
Where do your ideas come from?
Hello everyone...welcome back to The Open Window.
One of the most curious things about the film adaptation of Andrew Lloyd Webber's Evita is that nearly all the scenes featuring Political Power, such as the famous "Don't Cry for Me Argentina" moment, are filmed off-balance.
Poll after poll shows the Wildrose heading for a victory on Monday. Yes, I know polls can be wrong or misleading, but just the perception of momentum can be a powerful force in politics. Voters are more disposed to back a party that appears to be gaining steam.
to make a bewitching craft mess!
Thank you, Jane Friedman!
Act Your Age
8:00 – Janelle Monae @ Highline Ballroom Free (21+)
Compared to the Shostakovich Preludes and Fugues, the Brahms Intermezzo was much more complicated to put together. I was quite surprised when I first looked at the score because how sparse the writing was. But yet, the aural effect of the voicing together makes it sound incredibly rich. When I began arranging the parts, I wanted to make sure that I conveyed that same sort of richness. In the middle, or “B” section of the piece, I did a little bit of Brahms channeling by ‘composing’ a pizzicato line for the viola. Brahms loves to combine three’s against two’s and often with strings he’ll do this with pizzicato, so I thought, “Why not?!? It’s something Brahms would have done!” I particularly enjoy this section of the piece because I get to take a short break while the other three play as a string trio.
I went to Picholine on a whim recently; my wife was out of town and they had a 1000-point reservation available on OpenTable on a Saturday night. On the one hand, this was quite a pretty penny to drop on a whim; on the other hand, the food was so good it was well worth it (and the service was great to boot, which is saying something considering I was a party of one, was one of the last people to leave on a Saturday night, and was probably slightly underdressed).
By looking at the civil rights struggle through the lives of black civil rights lawyers we learn about the contested nature of racial identity, even in an era where segregation was supposed to make race into something fixed, not fluid.”
This is a point gained no matter how much it might seem like two dropped. At this stage of the season, games in hand are a useful commodity but points acquired already put pressure on the chasing pack. In terms of catching Arsenal, neither Chelsea or Tottenham can be written off; seven and six points can easily disappear in the space of a week but this presumes everyone will win their games in hand. And looking at the fixtures, that is a big presumption.
But now your eyes sing the sad, sad song
A special set of music:
New Smart ID cards are prepared with iris scan technology and computer chips
In a small bowl, combine the powdered sugar, whiskey, and vanilla until smooth. Drizzle over the warm rolls.
Thank you to Dr. Castillo, who in many ways, has been an unexpected but incredible source of support through this process. You believed in me when it seemed no one else did, and I cannot thank you enough for your ability to both challenge and support me, a balance that is always difficult to find. Thank you to my committee members, for your guidance and support during this project. Lastly, thank you to my Access family, who has been a continual source of inspiration and support for the past five years. You have been a safe haven in the face of sometimes daunting obstacles, and I am forever grateful for the impact you had on my personal and professional development.
One interesting Me-262 operational fact was the formation of the very elite JV-44 squadron made up mostly of air aces lead by Luftwaffe General Adolf Galland (104 aerial victories with 7 in the Me-262). The top 5 aces in this squadron had over 1000 aerial combat victories between them (through the duration of the war) making it the most experienced combat squadron ever formed!
- We are weeks away from a new 80s-era Ultravox album (!) Excited? Hells yes. But after the O.M.D., Human League, and countless other reunion albums that disappointed enthusiasm is being held in reserve.
The Winslow Sprint is a fundraiser that will support the ongoing efforts of preservation and operations for the Issac Winslow House of Marshfield.
Alberto Carrera Portugal, Universidad Nacional Autonoma de Mexico. Global Cities and Global Media: The Urban Competitiveness Concept in City Rankings. Shaping the Local Policies and Global Perceptions?
Douglas Adams's Dirk Gently books are a showcase for the author's extraordinary gift for invention. The first book, Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency, featured a time-travelling Cambridge Don (who, as many of you know I'm sure, was a recycled character from Douglas's aborted Doctor Who story Shada), an electric monk that believes things for you, a ghost desperately trying to get a message to his sister, an alien spaceship at the dawn of time that is responsible for kick-starting life on Earth, an impossible sofa and a very funny horse. We also get to see the effects on the history of poetry when Dirk becomes Samuel Taylor Coleridge's 'Man from Porlock'. It's a work of genius. The second book, The Long Dark Teatime of the Soul, had Norse gods destroying airports, jet fighters turning into eagles and giant green-eyed, scythe weilding monsters rampaging about killing music executives. Even Adams's unfinished The Salmon of Doubt - which may or may not have been a new Dirk Gently novel - has the main character(s) travelling (in Douglas's words) '... through the nasal membranes of a rhinoceros, to a distant future dominated by estate agents and heavily armed kangaroos.'
Example Two: the wow login still ignores the case of your password.
And These Little Canvas Blanks, A little Thread Spool & Antique Sewing Machine To Create My Own With! Thank You Lesley For The Inspiration! They Were Really Fun To Make!
I then sprinkled over a little chopped onion and a generous dusting of mixed herbs.
From Daniel Lee, Undergraduate Services Librarian at the University of Arizona (full text on American Library Association website here)
I posted the prices realized from this week's contemporary art auction at Christie's. You're not going to believe your eyes. Expectations were exceeded. In come cases, by many multiples. Buckle up and scroll down.
The fundamental thing is to offer a variety of styles, not just a variety of labels/brands. Knowing the difference between styles and labels is the first jumping off point for me.
What does that mean for me?
“During these bombings by coalition forces, which started since this Sunday in the Logar, Kapisa, Helmand, and Baghdis provinces of Afghanistan, dozens of Afghan civilians – including women and children – were killed or wounded,” reads a recent message from President Karzai’s office, reports CNN.
1/8 cup olive oil (not extra virgin, as it will smoke)
…except then it did.
Life is always busy. We all have our own different lives and reason's we are busy, whether it's being social, working, playing with little ones or combing our hair... it always seems like there is something to be done.
Usually I try to find a picture to go along with whatever the heck it is I'm talking about, but really, I don't want to make light of older larger women by posting a photo of what we might look like in skinny jeans. It really is not a laughing matter. Nor, a pretty sight. Just by sheer mention of the words "jeans and older women" I risk becoming the laughing stock of the blog world.
It alleged that Najib had asked for the Opposition to work closely with the Government.
Tallgrass Brewing Company Tallgrass Buffalo Sweat
Note: I am not saying "Build it and they will come." I'm not saying marketing isn't important. But look at the big picture. Don't get caught up in the hype of this new thing called ePublishing. If writing is your passion, then make it your career. You're not going to be able to quit your day job overnight. But have a plan. Literally make a business plan. Google it. Figure out where you want your writing career to be in a year, three years, five years, ten years from now. If you want to have the success of a pro, then act like a pro and be a pro. Set your goals, then make a map of how you want to get there one step at a time.
we are ready to go
We first meet Nick as he checks into a Manhattan hotel, orders a room-service last supper, wipes down his prints then steps out through the window onto the eponymous ledge. A crowd gathers, a negotiator (Elizabeth Banks) is called, and we then discover Nick has escaped from prison with a plan other than a long drop.
discharged: And I do bind myself to conform, in all instances, to such rules
I needed a farewell card with a touch of vintage and was motivated along by the Craft Friends Challenge... I didn't want shabby for this card, so went for some vintage looking papers and kept the layout and embellishments pretty clean and tidy... feminine vintage I would call this, helped along by the little dashes of bling!
Sodium Tallowate – See Tallow.
The total cost to Phoenix taxpayers is about $3.7 million per year, based on payroll records supplied by the city. In all, more than 73,000 hours of annual release time for city workers to conduct union business at taxpayers’ expense are permitted in the agreements.
GAH!
As I looked over to Mike thinking of my options, Wyatt exploded. He vomited all over the base rock while screaming.
2 cups orange juice
10) Forgot to charge my Ipod before going running. I could hear, like, nature and shit. And I came dangerously close to having to acknowledge another human being.
I envy all these things.
Yay, beads are ready!
Go-Betweens - Liberty Belle And The Black Diamond Express - 1986
Some footnotes
On the whole, Cordoba was a lot different than I was expecting. It was pretty small, and there was no one. The whole city seemed completely deserted. The historic district was nice with typical tight, curvy streets, but the rest was just flats and offices. It wasn’t the most beautiful place and I was a little disappointed that the Mezquita didn’t really hit home like I was hoping it would. But either way, I’m very glad we got to see something new and get out of Madrid for a while.
So my tribute to McQueen is to continue to live by my mantra and reach and aspire to lift and uphold the creativity that he and so many before him bore.
Yes - a charming example of bad Cover Art.
This week I made sure to plan out ALL meals and snacks, including my evening snacks, which I have never done, that's when my mindless snacking happens it seems. Bite of this, nibble of that. No more, if it's not on the plan it's not going in my mouth and if it does I log it.
Here's Beer Advocates top Black IPA/CDA's
analphabetic adj; ignorant of the alphabet, illiterate. I trust this does not describe me, as I am Alphabet Dictionary woman extraordinaire.
Tracy xxxx
As I was opening my treasure chest, Ted spoke quietly beside me. He said he would now clear out the rubbish from my head, and make room for the important stuff. I had not spoken, and he did not know what I was experiencing, but he felt it. I then picked up a battered non-descript cardboard box. It was heavy. It contained all of the useless rubbish I have accumulated in this lifetime. This was negative emotions and oppressive memories that I just don’t need to hang on to. I hauled the box out of the window of my mind (with Ted’s help), and as it fell it burst into flames and disintegrated into ashes that blew away.
- Ray Johnson sends letter to Dr Abou - Gazi Director of the Museum of Antiquities Cairo
Many people like to purchase and read e-books and e-magazines through lightweight handheld readers today. Several companies have come up with innovative, standalone e-book readers; these thin elegant gadgets can take people back to the era of reading. Let’s have a look at some of these readers in this article.
would you believe all you’ve read?
Who is not? Anything at that won’t buzz brought about by products, is usually that the girls best companions as a whole.
*G-20 SAYS EURO AREA WILL IMPLEMENT EFSF STEPS BY NEXT G-20
Clif Bar & Cashews - July 28
- Jeans rolled up, cutoff A-line tank top or V-neck undershirt, eyeliner freckles, straw hat, mason jar of clear liquid: Hillbilly
Take a look at how the Pixies incorporated numbers on our projects today:
I am currently working on my next book, The Road Back To Me. In it I will discuss ‘how’ I struggled to maintain focus as I reinvented my thought process towards healthier new ideas.
After lunch, I headed over to Kolfe. There is a special boy, Dawit, who lives there. He calls me mom and I was so anxious to see him. It was fun to hang out with some of the boys there who I've gotten to know over the past few months. Very fun, but also very emotional.
Mary: “High school me would have eaten high school you alive.”
My good friend Miro, who used to manage a library, helped me to make them, and I am eternally grateful for her help. I am rather useless at folding or indeed cutting straight (to my mother's embarrassment!) and the fact that Miro was able to help me successfully make these bookmarks demonstrates that she truly is a master origami engineer.
Wonderful, creamy eggs. Smoked salmon for Matt (just about every day). There were always potatoes, in some form.
Kristin:)
2 Corinthians 12:9 And He said to me, “My grace is sufficient for you, for My strength is made perfect in weakness.” Therefore most gladly I will rather boast in my infirmities, that the power of Christ may rest upon me.
This argument assumes that time cannot be divided into smallest atomic units (which I accept, but is nonetheless noteworthy). It also presupposes that it is logically possible for Fred to die instantaneously rather than over a finite period of time (which I also accept, and yet is noteworthy). However, supposing I changed the paradox and said that an infinite number of Grim Reapers were set to go off at exactly 11:00 am, and Fred is approaching 11:00 am. Now, it seems to me that at the finite time 11:00 am (if there really is such a finite/atomic time – or even if 11:00 am is but a temporal infinitesimal point in the same way that finite lines are restricted by ‘points’ which mark their borders) an infinite number of Grim Reapers all simultaneously cause Fred to cease existing. However, a single Grim Reaper is sufficient for Fred to cease to exist. Therefore, is there a single Grim Reaper which causes Fred to cease to exist, or do all the infinite Grim Reapers cause Fred to cease to exist? This thought experiment finds its paradoxical analogy in the example of the brick and the bullet both hitting a window at exactly the same instant leading to the question “what caused the window to break?”.
Examing the clone body, Plejarans medics discovered something quite disturbing: a Melesh entity attached to the brain stem. Melesh beings are from the JAL-Universe where they have conquered most races by taking over trillions of bodies, and there have been scant cases of their activites in the DERN-Universe.
As well as Roger Helmer’s barnstorming and rousing speech, another speaker on the day was Chris Woodhead who was at one time the Inspector of Schools. His speech was especially moving as due to his illness is now wheelchair bound and his movements very restricted. I had seen him speak at a past UKIP conference some years back and had admired him then, but despite being on stage in his wheelchair this speech seemed, to me, even better than the last time I had heard him when he was a fit and healthy man.
Add the steep water and 3 pounds of extract, turn heat up. Boil for 60 minutes, adding the hops (all pellets) at the intervals listed above. At 5 min. add the rest of the extract, the sugar, and the chiller to sanitize it.
Just So You Know... speaking of thieves, our newspapers have been disappearing. Seems extreme coupon collectors need more coupons.
11/21 – Temp is in the mid 50s. Going to let it sit and condition for a couple weeks.
When: May 7th, 2012, 7 PM
- A rather chaotic backstage at the show. I arrived super organized, even for me, but the shift of rail location 15 minutes before the show totally flummoxed me and 2 hours of prep went down the drain.
there is a blackened cinder,
I'm pretty sure that if I just cleaned the ring really well, it wouldn't be pink anymore. I can't imagine that the diamond itself has been dyed, just some soap scum or dirt or something on the surface of the diamond has been dyed pink.
I leave you with two photos from SetiCon:
11.Addicted To Your Love
They are complete opposites, and they fit PERFECTLY together. I mean, you know, sometimes, perfection is perfection. AND THEY ARE PERFECTION.
May 2 (Bond Buyer) — NEW YORK – Mortgage application volume rose 0.1%, as purchases grew while refinances fell, according to data from the Mortgage Bankers Association’s Weekly Mortgage Applications Survey for the week ended April 27.
The voice acting in the series is actually handled brilliantly by both casts whether it’s the great performances from the original Japanese cast or the over-the-top work that the impressive English dub cast pulls off. I love Yoko Hikase but Monica Rial injects even more emotion into Houki’s personality. Then there’s Josh Grelle, Luci Christian, Tiffany Grant and Shannon Emerick who are just as amazing. Then there’s the music in the series that is excellent and you have to love both the opening theme song and the two closing theme songs (sung by Yoko Hikase).
Because I didn’t know anyone, there was no-one to call on to talk about old times. I couldn’t really knock on a door and say, “Hello, you may remember me. I used to come round and play with Sean when we were seven. Is he in?” Of course he’s not in. He’s not coming out to play. Not now. I realised that I’d never said goodbye to any of my old playmates. I’d never said goodbye to any of my teachers. Life had simply moved on to the next episode. It feels as though they are all still part of my life and that the past thirty years has just been an extended summer holiday. Any moment now a new term will begin and we’ll all be back again, lining up in the playground with excitement and anticipation about the new year and the fun we’ll have. And then Saturday will come around again and we’ll be free to play out for the whole day up on Sherburn Hill, until tea time and Doctor Who.
Flat pliers
Who's having the same problem.
Cotswold Dark Lager 5.5% describes itself as a tawny (that means brown) lager with a smooth finish. British Bramling cross & American cascade hops with Munich & chocolate malts & more of that optic malted barley.
That I and all those threatened
The other tribe scares the hell out of me. I don’t get their cultural experiences or their expectations of me. They all seem to be bonded together as well: sharing cars, watching each others children, lending toilet paper and cooking supplies when needed. I hear them, engaged in loud and bitter arguments in the parking lot, but back to being best friends by the next day. They smoke, they swear, they scream at their children. They blow up, forgive quickly, laugh and commiserate together. They never talk to me. I have made it clear which tribe I am in.
by Rev. Robert Jamieson, D.D., St. Paul’s, Glasgow, Scotland;
3. Students of color face harsher punishments in school than their white peers, leading to a higher number of youth of color incarcerated. Black and Hispanic students represent more than 70 percent of those involved in school-related arrests or referrals to law enforcement. Currently, African Americans make up two-fifths and Hispanics one-fifth of confined youth today.
3. Count Dracula And His Victim
Stamp: Whiff of Joy
Be sure to stop by SNS Digi Blog Design Team for more inspiration!
1 tsp. minced jalapeno pepper, seeds removed
This week I am thankful for:
I guess calving time is a reminder that life is constantly renewing itself. Just like the way life takes on a different, more exuberant tone when you are around children, I think our outlook toward farming is more energetic and positive when we see the calves running around.
Earlier, the Constitutional Court upheld the Citizen newspaper's appeal in a defamation case brought by McBride.
Why NC?? That is the boys' number one choice because we have friends that live there that they are very close to and they want to live by them. I love this tiny little town and would love to raise my boys there. We have friends there so it is not like we are going somewhere where we don't know anyone.
Hope you try them:)
Thanks to my shiny new headphones I had music for today’s run (more on that later) and one of the songs thats on my running mix is this slice of 80s cheese.
My apologies to whoever was planning to link up their entries for the last challenge in the remaining couple of hours, and was bounced back with the message that the blog has been removed.
My search in the basement did not uncover my high school art portfolio, but I did find a few old sketchbooks.
Happy thoughts keep me going!
DIANE LANE / Pat Loud – “CINEMA VERITE” (HBO)
I’ve noticed being on the go so much lately, that women are either foregoing the eye shadow or don’t do anything about avoiding the dreaded color crease. There are so many fantastic primers out there for foundation as well as eye lids.
So now that you're comfy, I may as well introduce myself. My name is Bryce, this is my lovely wife Kristy, and we are aspiring writers.
by holding onto hugs longer
Glad I met them as they led me to baggage claim. I was confused and all turned around. They headed for a taxi and I headed to find my Kassia, with an invitation to party it up at Treasure Island with my new friends.
Marseille 1989! Made to love you!
We stayed up till sometime around midnight that night watching old home videos of Bear from when she was a baby. This is absolutely her most favorite thing to do. If you are new to my apartment she will promptly assume this is something you will enjoy. So I finally let in and started them up. I cried half the time, she laughed and Hardscape actually quite enjoyed making fun of my hair. If you have a baby just remember…you can never take enough home videos. Even of the most mundane things.
When we got to the turning for Grove Park Station, we decided to carry on for a little bit, in order to reduce our mileage for the next section when we do it. It was mainly road walking, and we passed the grand building that was formerly Grove Park Hospital, and is now a residential building.
"Thank you, Captain.." he said in a low voice, as if Kor didn’t put an effort in searching for his parents. He faced his back on the Captain and was about to go when Zen wondered if he was offended by what Ashi had showed him..
I love rice pudding in any form. This Persian one was flavoured with rosewater (of course!) and had crunchy almonds and pistachios through it. Can be served hot or cold but I much preferred it hot! This post also contains my "student's saffron" - i.e. for people too poor to afford saffron! Check out the recipe here.
~Confucius
Daffodil season will have been a bust. They burst out of the ground prematurely, and found they don't like the warm weather. Anyway, we think it's going to rain again, maybe pour.
Side effects are nausea, an unpleasant feeling of fullness, and possibly an increased risk of pancreatitis. Because the drugs are not exact replicas of human GLP-1 there is also the possibility of the body's immune system generating antibodies which reduce its effectiveness. Future development work is taking place around reducing the number of injections by producing a longer-acting version, and slow release via an implantable device.
This is another Chinese New Year themed bento which is easier to make than my previous 'Year of the Dragon' bento. One reason is because I cheated and took the dragon's head and tail from yesterday's bento which I put aside just for this purpose ;).
It would be very nice, if you'll visit on Youtube and share this video for your friends.
Further, would specialisation create a strong pro IP owner bias (as is sometimes alleged in relation the US CAFC (Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit) which just had another one of its pro patentee decisions reversed (Mayo vs Prometheus) by the Supreme Court.
-Its not easy to smash them in to small and even pieces.
Me: "Yes, they've evil."
Standing, sitting and adjusting
I've always liked the look of pictures hung gallery style on a wall. Its a great way to use small pieces to cover a large wall. Our home has a mismatch selection of art due to both sides of our families having artists as well as art picked up on some of our travels. I pondered the idea of doing a gallery style wall behind our t.v. but in the end I decided to hang 2 Ikea Malm floating shelves side by side and create a gallery style shelf instead. In my opinion the less cohesive the collection the better! If any of you have gallery style walls, I would love to see pics!
Once, when discussing one of my looming deadlines, my agent made the comment “life has a habit of getting in the way,” and brother, does that describe how things have been going for me! Since the middle of March, I’ve driven over 2,000 miles, sat through my youngest son’s minor surgery, stripped two decks and a privacy fence, destroyed one belt sander (brand new of course…running it over a power cord isn’t such a good thing!), tried to kill a gazillion weeds in my yard, sown 30 pounds of grass seed, and chased after numerous grandchildren. Notice blogging and writing aren’t on the list??? For the former, I do apologize and for the latter, I really do need to focus and get to work!
When it comes to choosing the right Cowboy boots or Cowgirl boots, it pays to invest in quality. Justin boots are a good example of quality Western footwear that can last for years. Justin boots use a cutting edge construction design that helps the feet and legs to function efficiently, relieving pressure and strain on the feet, legs, and back. These boots also use special materials that are durable, and that even help to absorb moisture and reduce odor. Unlike shirts, hats, or even jeans, boots and other footwear always take a lot of abuse. By their very nature, shoes and boots can be worn out quickly since they have ongoing, constant friction and contact with roads and sidewalks. It's worth it to purchase a very high quality, rugged pair of boots that will feel great, last long, and look great. If the boots can actually help you to stay healthy, that's even better! It's not a bad idea to have a few pairs of good boots for work and play. Whether you are riding the range, dancing at a honky-tonk, riding your motorcycle, or just going to work, a good pair of Cowboy boots can be a great choice. It's a good idea to shop around on the internet to find a website that can bring you the best selection and prices possible. Now you can find impressive websites that have the full range of Western clothes, boots, hats, and accessories of the highest quality, at very reasonable prices.
And the US winner is Janet, who said "I love your felt-tastic creations and would love a chance to win your book. Don't you love Lark books?"
Hey 11:11 Fitness Lovers, Time to share your passion of fitness with your friends and earn a Lululemon $100 Gift Card.
Tonight we are going to Houston to listen to live music. It's supposed to get up to 78 today. It's going to be a beautiful evening.
The first game started around 10:30 am and was a rematch with an opponent from last year. I played Dave’s IG army in the 3rd round last year and got completely run over. This year was a little different. It ended up being a very competitive game with the outcome being decided by how far my Librarian could run on the last turn. It turned out he couldn’t run far enough (is 2 inches too much to ask?)
You'll need :
The chilli-choc mousse provided the perfect foil for the hoppy charms of the Thorny Goat while the hints of roasty bitterness in the end palate gave the mousse some nice complimentary melody. Even the plate garnish of candied acidulated malt grains provided a taste of what might be to come for future beer dinners in the Beer Deluxe Grill.
When asking hard or personal questions use a Wiffiti, the answers are anonymous. For example, after reading a thought provoking poem or piece of literature, ask reaction questions such as, "What were Horatio's motives?" and allow students to use their phones to text in their answers right there in class. They will be amazed as the answers show up on the screen. EVERY student will have a voice and EVERY student's answer will be displayed for all to read. Even the most shy, self-conscious student will get to share. The discussion will be
your feet. We ask them all
It’s been so boiling up here with the mini heat wave England has been having. Everyone told me that further up north it would be colder so I brought loads of coats, scarves and hats, and this week I have been in shorts a vest tops the whole time! I took these pics before uni when it was much colder!
As of July 1, 2008, Bandai Visual USA was absorbed into Bandai Entertainment. Titles will still be released under the Bandai Visual USA name. Bandai Visual USA titles will still be sold through their own online service (dot-anime.us website). Bandai Visual has recently launched a new label called Honneamise. Looking at their product line, it looks like it will be replacing the Bandai Visual label.
The bridge was opened by King Edward VII and Queen Alexandra on 10 July 1906. The total cost amounted to £500,000.
Perhaps not by accident, A.A. literature has chosen to report little about Dr. Bob’s youth. This may be a blessing for those of us who are taking a fresh start, a fresh approach, and a fresh viewpoint. The question concerns just exactly what Dr. Bob did as a youngster in the North Congregational Church at St. Johnsbury and just exactly what he was seeing, hearing, learning, and practicing in the Christian Endeavor Society at his church and even elsewhere. Those questions are being researched right now!
With enough training, I increased the length of my laps and could run slightly farther. My runs were, at most, 1.5 miles before the 5K. But that is nothing compared to the three-mile runs my brothers can easily do.
Not one wet eye around
There were a fair number, both listed on Horizons Unlimited and a quick Google. Right across the street from the hotel (sort of) was a large DHL building. Most overlanders had nothing good to say about DHL, but that was mainly about parts and when the destination was off the beaten path. So I gave them a call, cheating a little and calling the Milwaukee office so I got to speak in English (in retrospect, a system I should have used for LAN).
The snowflake on top was cut at 3" from shrink plastic. I used ink jet Shrinky Dinks and printed the pattern on the Imagine before cutting it out.
BloodEagle
Tell us what it is dangerous
The questions asked on iPads I feel less enthusiastic about. Any visit to a museum sparks dozens of questions in my own mind that I’d rather discuss; though obviously germane to the displays, whether pets are preferable to wild animals isn’t really something I have an opinion about. I almost certainly fall into the category of over-involved as far as museums are concerned, though; and a good question can definitely be a spur to an interesting conversation.
but always cried to and always felt
We poked around, in and out of many other places across I36 in Kansas and came up with almost nothing except for a wonderful 12 tin pie safe for Susan (I'll send you a picture soon)!!
Last Friday I started something new called 10 Things I Learned This Week. It actually got some readership, which is rare for a Friday. So I think I'll milk this baby.
(Maybe I shouldn’t post a picture of myself with a bunch of beautiful celebs, bad decision!)
If you wanna be best buds again, we've got a long way to go. Not because I was totally abandoned by you when I needed you the most. Not because we've grown and changed into adult specimens. Not because I'm now married and you now have a kid. But because you were a total bitch to me and I was patient with you anyway. Now you will have to be patient with me until I'm ready to care again!
Again, the two have different names but the product # is identical. Now how can it be justified to sell the same chandelier to Canadians for $30.00 more. This kind of money adds up!
Crochet Kitty Kat:
Usage – Heresy trials which had led to witches being burned at the stake in the dark ages.
When we stepped inside, we saw a wall of people. The men’s 1000 was just beginning, and we had hoped to watch – two Americans, both friends of Jonathan’s were skating and we would have liked to cheer for them. The concrete steps had filled up completely, and the flat area at the top was already piled several rows deep. It was also about 87 degrees in there, which is Too Hot for my usual speedskating outfit – wool long underwear top and bottom, thick wool socks, wool mittens, a wool scarf, a jacket. We piled in at the back of the crowd trying to get a view of the ice, but I soon realized I’d never make it crowding in with other people like that – so instead, I moved to the outer edge of the pathway, standing on my tip toes and cooling my back against the wall. I could see the overhead screen and a sliver of the ice, so it really was about as good a view as I’d be able to get.
Angela
Place a dot of glue on each of the "x"s and then place the coordinating piece on top of the glue and press.
Elodie uses traditional lace-making techniques to depict something altogether less delicate. I like the heaviness of her choice of black lace, and the way she leaves loose ends which show movement, and which contrast with the regimented structure of the lace detailing. I really like that she doesn’t lose the traditional genteelness of the image even though she is intentionally questioning the more traditional ‘feminine’ imagery usually found in lacework.
I always thought of myself as a wannabe hippy in the ’60s. You know, the ones who were attracted to some of the hippy thinking but couldn’t quite bring themselves to tune in and drop out or live on a commune. Now, my fiance and I laugh about the retired lieutenant colonel and the wannabe hippy getting together later in life. What’s even better is that later in my life, the alternative medicine I shocked my parents and colleagues by believing in and practicing is now becoming complementary medicine. I’ve written about this in the book, but now Catherine Pearson of The Huntington Post has written about it, too. Nontraditional medical courses like this are becoming more common and are also offered through many online PhD programs for those with careers looking to incorporate Integrative Medicine into their practices.
At least that was it...I think the meds kept it from getting worse.
VeronicainMo
"In what mental state were they when they were found?"
Our version is slightly modified from the Dime seed: levels were adjusted, tops/tails done, and better track splits made. Not a huge improvement over the Dime seed, but 1) you don't have to register to download from here, and 2) I like mine better ;)
“I don’t know if I want to do this anymore,” he said.
1. My crochet project at the moment is a bag
After a time, another neighbor behind me began strumming on his electric guitar. Nothing acutely disruptive and dissonant (ala Jimi Hendrix acid), just something quiet and easy and in complete harmony with the evening and the bonfire and the rising moon and the snuffling horse and the otherwise quietude of a natural landscape.
and how I'm here is somewhat baffling
Even if she’s old, her gray hair flows like water,
Frustrated, I told him to get his meat out of my casserole dish and we both went into panic mode looking for something to do with this massive amount of cow.
Earth Wind & Fire
Here's a photo of the garden in progress - forgive the wobbly pic please :)
4. A name and display on a quarterboard that’s affixed to the house - ‘Glory Cottage’ - represents adoration, praise, and thanksgiving.
Up and down 1st Saddle. Some pretty significant drifted windpack on sections of the trail. All hiking. Also, acupuncture.
Since I was busy this past month, let’s recap with our favorite guys before we move on to new stuff: Skream, D-Jahsta, Noisia, Trolley Snatcha, and Grimblee (introduced on The Dubwoofer) all dished out some pretty supreme vibes.
When you release your doubts, even if you can only do so for short periods initially, your whole personality brightens, and those around you feel this. Think of a time when you heard a motivational speaker who raised your spirits, and realize that when you are without doubts, you too are a motivational speaker! And this uplifts and encourages others.
The older generation, often times, disagree with modern parenting. My parents never utter a single word in front of my children when I am disciplining them, but out of their earshot? Oh, watch out! They make it very clear, I am too harsh and I shouldn’t have taken away privileges for not putting away toys even after the umpteenth reminder. ‘They are only children, they will learn!’ Learn how? If I always pick up after them, I don’t see them learning anything! They need to know that action or inaction in this particular case, has consequences. Anyway, I am very grateful, they don’t undermine my parenting but many are not as lucky as I. I have heard stories of how the mother or the mother in law reprimand the parent, in front of the child, for disciplining him or her. What kind of mixed message is the child getting in that case? The child is the real sufferer here since this is what she understands,’I can make a bad choice, if my mom and dad scold me, grandma or grandpa will scold my parents so my parents don’t have the ultimate authority over me anyway! So why should I obey them?’
* And if all you have to do is open your mouth and speak the words that other people write, do NOT expect an open attitude about your revisions. You want to do it? You do it.
TOUR EVENTS:
glam and vintage style distressing with different style products.
Automatic wins are those who requested the book four times and I did not note other people asking for that book during those weeks.
Gradually add the liquid to the bowl with the yogurt, egg and lemon, beating constantly with a fork.
The last performance of Tappi Tíkarrass took place in 1987 when the band reunited to play at a night club called Safari.
to the inside???
We had an appointment with the oncologist immediately afterward. He was going to go over the preliminary results with us. We got to the office and the FRIGGIN LIGHTS WERE OUT! Door locked. There are a lot of windows in the door and around them. Very obvious that no one was home. It was one of those experiences where you go, "What the heck?" and you try to open the door, even though you know your actions are futile.
To bask in the moonlight, and I will
I really like this paraphrase of Shakespeare's Julius Caesar. AND, you can have the paraphrase side-by-side with the original text!
For over 20 years my dear hubby traveled with his work. He would be gone for two or three weeks at a time, sometimes only home for the weekend, hardly ever for more than a week. I was a mom at home with four kids. The days were busy and hectic but the nights belonged to me. I could sew, craft, bake, and create to my heart's content - with no interruptions.
It was great to know that so many people wanted to join me on my actual birthday that we wouldn't have fit in any restaurant. Or we would end up tearing a place down with our laughter.
makes me dream drifting on a swing
He looked really groggy and flat out high from the night before. He noticed me and I waved to him. I watched him get some food out of the corner of my eye; he approached me. "Mind if I sit?" he asked in his sexy Slavic accent. The deep voice only added to the attraction. I clumsily fumbled to clear half of the table for him.
Yikes!!! We, as mothers, need to prepare ourselves (and our sons) for this battle right here and now (no matter how old your son is!!!) Hal and Mel Young are referenced in the leader’s guide as saying “Establishing frankness and communication from the very start will really pay off when they enter the testosterone years.” (pg 18 LG).
“Since its inception, the publishing industry has operated like an aristocracy. An elite few held the power to essentially determine if an author’s work would be allowed in the public square. It was publication without self-determination for authors. For no matter how passionate or motivated an author was about his or her work, the fate of the book rested entirely with a few publishing houses. Those days, however, are over. Everything has changed.”
About Triad:
I want to have tea on Sunday
We celebrated Thanksgiving this year at Papa’s River House. It also happened to be a little girl’s 4th Birthday. We started thanksgiving day off with a birthday breakfast for Abby. It was a wonderful few days filled with bronco rides, quad rides, family time and LOTS of food!
“Nuclear power plants are, next to nuclear warheads themselves, the most dangerous devices that man has ever created. Their construction and proliferation is the most irresponsible, in fact the most criminal act ever to have taken place on this planet”
stay pretty (:
The backing is minky, and I love the way the quilting looks on it.
The investment amount required for the complete rights to my invention and
John Mayer then...
Editorial is at the centre of the publishing process – that means you job is very varied but also means that you sometimes feel like you have too many balls in the air!
The Pirates has all the key qualities of an Aardman film: the stop-motion animation is meticulously executed and distinctively charming, the voice acting is perfectly pitched and, perhaps most importantly, every frame contains a studio in-joke, a witty movie reference or a gag pulled groaning from an old Christmas cracker. There are moments of slapstick, character comedy, ridiculous puns, thigh-slapping one-liners and a whole series of jokes that will sail over the heads of the younger audience members, including an audacious cameo from The Elephant Man. Central to the success of Aardman’s film is the very British combination of frozen-smile embarrassment and crippling insecurity that Grant has been assiduously mining for the past two decades, although he has only rarely been as likeable. Despite a palpable sag in the middle, where the story could have used a twist or two, Aardman’s wondrous imagination and subversive sense of humour carries the film to a stirring finale with a series of frenetic chase sequences that recall their best work in The Wrong Trousers.
Yes, yes... I am quite certain he started it all. The mad doctor and his cat wearing a hat. Then came along Standardized Testing, Daylight Savings Time, St. Patrick's Day, Spring Break, World Read Aloud day, and Easter. Not necessarily in that order mind you but it all occurs in one little month that is so innocently named March.
My boys have always gotten along. I'm not joking... they really have. I hear moms say "I can't wait for them to go back to school" and that was never me. Something however snapped in the Sonboul home this last week...while home for Spring Break.
So I’m coming back to blogging. But there’s going to be some changes around here. If you were a fan in the beginning, it might feel a bit heavy some days. If that’s not your thing, drop me a note and I’ll put you on the ‘bringing the funny’ post list.
Then came portable devices with headphones, ah headphones. I could move away from everyone with headphones. The music could fill my head leaving absolutely no room for the things that hurt or bothered me. It was different than just listening to music on the record player when I could still hear my mom thump on the wall and yell “Turn that crap off”. And now the walkman, it let “me” be portable, although it was clumsy, it was portable. I WAS PORTABLE! I could not only fill my head with these songs, but I could walk away! Oh the power! It took some work getting to a favorite song, but it was worth it. And now, the iPod! All the songs instantly available to fill my head and heart, removing any unwanted emotion. Music was my therapist.
This blog is all about support. Supporting each other in our writing, our dreams, our lives. If it's not too much to ask, a thought for Jade in the comment section will go a long way (all the way to New Zealand ;) ) and hoping she gets well and comes back to us soon.
Salt, 1 teaspoon
majority, at that.
But the plus side of course, is everything you think it will be. I under-use the capability without a doubt. On account of my lack of capability. I love that I can screen shot ideas when I'm browsing; at the crop tomorrow for example, I have LO sketches to hand without having to print them. Likewise directions, receipts etc.
That was the main goal. To run a half-marathon.
Wednesday: Securities Regulations Final
I will try to pop in but...
So turning my back on this world of ego, pain, prejudice, society and duty…. Disillusioned with likers as well as dislikers…
