One piece of very important information may be the lack of difference between the two parties’ policies. In Mr. Jackson’s piece he discusses the similarities both parties have when it comes to discrimination. They both support, based on their members’ voting habits, forms of discrimination. It’s the basis of the hypocrisy in both parties.
The battalion had been given their marching orders what seemed like eons ago. Since that time, they had fought battles, lost dozens of men in those battles and as many more to exhaustion, exposure, near-starvation and dehydration. They were poorly supplied, supported only by a handful of vehicles. Food and water were luxuries. What little they were given was frequently spoiled or polluted. Dysentery had taken its toll along with the other battles the troops had fought. Dimly, Xu Guan recalled that they were to rendezvous with more troops at some place he’d never heard of – Omaha, Nebraska. By then, Xu Guan reasoned during a rare moment of clarity, they would be fortunate if there was even a single platoon left of the original battalion.
My advice is to just do it. Jump right in. Find a project in a magazine that spells out the details and start building.
We don't have many rules as we want this to be a fun challenge blog, but please can I remind everyone that the instructions for each challenge need to be followed and failure to do so will mean your entry will not be included in the winner's draw, Top 3 or GD, as much as we hate to remove an entry this only makes it fair to all those who have entered and followed the challenge correctly. We are happy for you to combine your entry with as many other challenges as you wish, but please no back linking, it must be a newly posted entry.
I mean, he has fucking nightmarish hallucinations in the middle of fucking school!
Oh... one more thing before you go!
Here is Joan's guidelines for submission's for this blog hop,
What’s happening to me? Why can’t I shake this? I’ve tried.
Kenneth H. Olsen
In India, there are sex worker rights groups that count thousands in their memberships, and for whom the process of collectivization is key to getting a response from state and national governments, particularly on the issue of access to unbiased health care. In other places in Asia, sex workers have organized alongside garment factory workers to ensure that their rights as workers are protected.
- Ladies
We love the idea that a man (or woman, I know how you love to latch onto one little point and beat it like a red headed stepchild, so let's be clear on that point) living in Liberty and making decisions based upon their desires and accepting personal responsibility for themselves, and dealing with the rewards or consequences of those decisions can better not only their life, but that of their family, friends and community. We love the idea of personal choice, of being able to decide who we should assist with the fruits of our labors, if anyone. A great many of us are Christians. Not the gay bashing sort of westboro, but loving kind people who believe it is our PERSONAL DUTY to act charitably. We love being charitable. Let me say that again. WE love being charitable. We don't believe what the government does is charity. We know it is theft.
It is a lovely fine needlecord with a velvety sheen and comes with a length of tulle attached to make it look like a petticoat.
2Of what use is the strength of their hands to me? all force is gone from them.
It is a happy day today and among my blessings,
There is Beer School, Basic Brewing Radio, Craft Beer Radio, and my favorite, Brew Crazy. I would listen to all these for the entertainment value alone. But the cool thing is that I learn all kinds of things about the wonderful world of beer. Everything from home brewing techniques and equipment, to all the different stles of beer.
The Stourbridge gig may see my Tape release for sale from Armed Within Movement Label so bring a bit of pocket money as I am sure the other bands will have merchandise to sell.
This tune makes you do more than smile...it makes you blush.
This is your check list to make sure your story makes sense. Fiction must make sense. Truth can bend the rules of sense vs nonsense but fiction needs to be believable. Your story needs to have a timeline that works smoothly and each step in the journey needs to lead both the writer and the reader into the next step.
So, thats my reason for beeing a little late with my post. So sorry for that.
Weird Al
(AFP) – Two street clowns were found dead in southeastern Mexico along with messages allegedly from a drug gang accusing them of working as army informers, their families said Tuesday.
President Obama launched the America’s Great Outdoors Initiative (www.americasgreatoutdoors.gov) in 2010, calling on the Secretaries of the Departments of the Interior and Agriculture, the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, and the Chair of the White House Council on Environmental Quality to develop a 21st-century conservation agenda that will protect America’s natural and cultural resources, and connect people to the outdoors through jobs, education, recreation and service.
in fear
7. Caffeine is broken down into 25 by-products that all have detrimental effects on the body
Oh, what fun! I look forward to seeing what you think =)
Thanks to all my contributors, sponsors and of course, readers. Thanks for the company, comments and readership. I hope that you will follow me via my crafting label Chicken Ink. Creative. I have so much to tell you all about my new endeavours..... but that is a story for another day.
Note: the opinions stated in this post are not the opinions of the author or any of those affiliated with the author. The author claims no liability for any results of the procedures described here. The author, believe it or not, is actually a nice person who likes cellos and most of their owners.
So, I hate to brag and drop names on my blog, but I am friends with a blog celeb. Like best blog friends. She's basically the most gorgeous thing that exists AND really hilarious/sarcastic. Plus, she is smart. Maybe too smart. I mean, she has a degree in neuroscience after all.
There are a lot of things that did not go right in the NHA and one of those things had to do with accountability…The HDC is not going to function like that. We are required by law to have the accounts ready in a certain period of time. The CEO will be held accountable and the Cabinet will hold the minister accountable and the Parliament will hold the Cabinet accountable. That is what the HDC means.
I will check facebook 900 times during the course of my workday, read a bunch of blogs, and stalk people on Google+, then at the end of the day, I will scramble to get things done and stress myself out.
Former New Jersey Superior Court judge Andrew Napolitano questions former CIA operative and Bin Laden hunter Michael Scheuer on Fox News.Napolitano: First thing, should we be surprised that the American government, whether it's the intelligence agencies or the FBI, is spying on our allies here in the United States of America or is this something that has been going on for years and we just didn't know about it until recently?
http://joerayw.wordpress.com/2009/06/13/macdonalds-great-tastes-of-america/ My old entry when I looked at these burgers last year. I thought they were good! But no more, you see what has happened in the space of the year? What?! Actually that’s a lie, I wasn’t so impressed last year and even less so this year, just this time it has led to the demise of my fast food love.:(
Dorset cross sheep from the farm next door:
Time for me to go pop some popcorn and pour myself a soda; it's 25 days til Christmas!!
As disciples of Jesus, we’re called to let go in a myriad of ways – letting go of pre-conceived ideas about what we think God wants of us, and becoming still enough to listen to what He really wants is just one. Today, as I begin the process of letting my daughter go into adulthood, I will be still and ask God what is hindering me from my discipleship journey with Him. And then have the courage to listen……..and pry my tightly gripped fingers away from whatever it is I cling to so tightly………
As a child I never paid much attention to Marmee, but as I’ve gotten older my appreciation for her character has grown. she’s a bit of a feminist, so strong and raising her girls to be the same way. But her life kind of sucks. She lost her fortune and is poverty stricken, her husband has been gone for 2 years and then is injured on the other side of the country in the Civil War, one of her daughters dies, another disappears to Europe for several years…the list goes on.
The girls started high school this year, and are attending their first co-ops. Homeschool co-op is the best thing ever in the universe. Imagine, if you will, just happening to walk by when some hairy-legged junior boy is walking up to try and charm your freshman girl. Imagine. Making friends with his mom. (cue evil laugh)
Gawdin is listed at 6’0 and 172lbs with a lot of room to grow as Lamb noted both Gawdin’s brother and father are 6’4. With that kind of size and a penchant for playmaking, it’s not surprising that the newest Bronco compares himself to a Shark.
I was asked to make some quick baby shower thank you samples for my cousins to look at, see if there is anything I have in rubber stamp images that they liked. The shower theme was rubber duckies and the babys room is zoo animals. It's a boy.
½ - ¾ cup chickpea flour
This is where the “Seriously, SERIOUSLY”…gets screamed in my head.
Sort of
Then I asked her if she can teach me the same savoury treat I had at her place last year and that decided what I will learn...and oh yes, learn it, I did! And what is use of knowledge if not shared?
Thought-provoking, funny and kind; this is a book that I wish I'd written!
Then, I added faint reflections on the bottom of the ant by layering on some BG09. Why? Because the gray is blue-toned I can layer a purple (which has blue in it) and add contrasting accents with a Blue Green (which also has blue in it). Because Blue-Green is far away on a color wheel from Violet they have more contrast. However, the ant has a base gray, which brings both colors closer to each other in tone. So now, my gray has subtle tone and interest, even though it could have easily remained a plain gray.
I don’t know about hippies, but people from my part of the world tougher than you think. We don’t get offended that easy. As long as there is a good reason, we don’t mind go through a security check or search at the airport. And we rather associate with people who say what they mean than fake hippies who just trying to be politically right.
Jaundiced pragmatism is underrated. Last week I realized something unfortunate. The only people who've ever admonished me to "trust" more were people who proved untrustworthy. Not a romance here, but the sort of trust where one person is fragile in an achingly honest & bare way, while the other is going through the motions for a paycheck &/or a learning experience(& maybe an ego boost?).
this was my predicament this weekend, knowing and not knowing, expecting the unexpected. Meeting new people, yet there is a Spirit of God that gives you a testimony of kindred spirit and willing hearts, though many miles apart.
One source close to the Labour MP said: “In the general election we will be selling the Margaret Hodge brand, but there could well be a BNP-controlled council.”
Every cartoon studio in the mid-1930s, well, everyone except cheapskate Paul Terry, felt they had to make a special series of knock-off Disney fairy tales, probably to the chagrin of most of the people working on them.
From Goodreads: "When Ellie and her friends go camping, they have no idea they're leaving their old lives behind forever. Despite a less-than-tragic food shortage and a secret crush or two, everything goes as planned. But a week later, they return home to find their houses empty and their pets starving. Something has gone wrong--horribly wrong. Before long, they realize the country has been invaded, and the entire town has been captured--including their families and all their friends. Ellie and the other survivors face an impossible decision: They can flee for the mountains or surrender. Or
I did not realize she had a Masters in Clinical Psychology - that is really interesting.
Last night I went to see the Broadway show “Spring Awakening” in Huntsville. I really had no expectation going into it. I had listened to some of the music previously, and I knew it was a little edgy… not a show that you want to watch with your grandma.
A 53-year-old man was stabbed and robbed of a 16 oz. can of Natural Ice beer in front of Back Bay Market in Tice on Sunday night.
Event Deadline: every week (use the linky)
levitating into the night sky
Yep, I work at Rita's, but I fancy myself as an objective ice cream aficionado, and I know quality products when I taste them. Before starting at Rita's I had thought all soft serve ice cream was just the same, and figured paying for Italian Ice at a stand a complete waste of money when I could just pick up some of those little cups at the grocery store. Boy was I wrong. Rita's is a chain which really puts the job on its franchise owners to uphold the quality of its ingredients. The Ellicott City store, run by former University of Maryland quarterback and lifelong Maryland resident Erik Lipton, is no exception. The ice and cream ice is the main attraction here, anchored by a 36 hour freshness policy which guarantees you're getting a product that's fresh and never watered down. Thinking all Italian ice was the same prior to working at Rita's, you can only imagine my surprise when I saw Erik in the back of the store cutting up fresh watermelon just bought from Giant, which is stirred in in generous chunks to the hugely popular Watermelon Ice flavor. As for those flavors, there's a little something for everyone. From a sinfully good Black Cherry to a S'mores Cream Ice flavor with a taste of campfire toasted 'mallows and chocolate, Rita's seriously has something for everyone. Even sugarholic 20-somethings like me, who can recall late-night college study sessions with the candy inspired Swedish Fish flavor. But for as tasty and fresh the ice is, the custard is unbelievable. This is not your standard, overpriced reduced fat soft serve sold in other places. This is rich and indulgent, egg-based custard that is always served in vanilla, chocolate, and twist varieties, available with a catalogue of toppings that ranges from hot fudge to Heath pieces, rainbow sprinkles to peanut butter cups. And if you're lucky you'll stop in when we're offering our coffee custard. With a devoted and almost cult-like following, coffee joins the lineup with two other rotating flavors, strawberry and orange cream, and makes an especially great addition to our Blendini shakes. Looking to try something really good? Why not get the "Adam's Special" Gelati. You won't see it on our menu board, but after experimenting with a free "take home treat" after work, I've found the combination of coffee custard and chocolate mint ice to be the perfect reward on these warm spring days. Yea, I work for Rita's, but as a lifelong journalist and food blogger, do you really think I'd be willing to work at a place that did ice cream anything but 100%? No way. The lines outside the store during a summer day are enough to tell you this place is more than hype, and that's not only a credit to the product, but Erik's style of keeping it local with his ingredients and his employees. Still not buying the hype? Well, if you've got any lingering doubts, check us out this Tuesday starting at 11:30 AM. To celebrate the first day of spring Rita's will be giving out a free Italian or cream ice flavor of your choice to all who show up. I'm willing to bet that, if it's your first time, your free ice won't be your last. FYI -- Eric is set to open up a Jimmy John's on Route 40 sometime in the late fall. He's in final negotiations and will choose between two sites on the Route 40 corridor (one by Jason's Liqueur Store, the other next to Bon Appetit Bakery).
Plus you get to live in a foreign country where the drinking age is 18.
Again,here I am trying to rebuild a bridge of love, which she burnt. While swallowing my pride, I am doing this. Love is hell. Love is ecstasy. So is War. She is all I will ever want, and she is all that I need. She keeps coming back, and sets me afire just to leave me smoldering.
Carl Bozeman: Gandhi instructed us to “be the change you want to see in the world.” How does the world become enlightened when all we need to do is focus on ourselves? Can you explain how our own “singular” enlightenment translates into global enlightenment?
Furthermore, you can’t always get a gazelle started in the cold weather, especially if it is a bit damp and chimpanzees have a tendency to conk out in the rain.
Vanessa Stern is a Los Angeles-based Creative Recruiter by day, Design Junkie by night, Artist, Decorator, new Mommy with an obsession for tufting, Louis style chairs, and anything gold.
The grapes in this worldly vineyard are ripening for God’s judgment. Those are two of the vines found in Scripture. Then there is Jesus – the True Vine. Whenever there are “types” of Christ in the Bible, Christ fulfills those types, and is a “better than” those types. He is the Vine from which all other vines are copies or imitations.
Links℠ reward points are simply points earned when you buy the things you buy every day, whether for business or personal use. Right now you can earn these points when you buy online from hundreds of merchant partners in the AchieveLinks program, like Home Depot, Cabellas, Avis, Fashion Bug, Walmart, Hotels.com and others.
They eventually got it sorted out after much hilarity, all of which completely bypassed the poor patient who ended up with two bald legs, one of them in plaster.
“It’s a little scary. I scared myself when I saw what I did,” Novatka is quoted saying in the affidavit.
Has anyone else hit this wall? Whats the solution, save all my files to disc, reformat and load Windows XP on it? If so how difficult is that to do?? And is Windows NT still supported? or will I just get tons of viruses as all the remaining virus loop-holes remain un-fixed?
DM7 D7
Arizona – 26.7 percent, 28.2 percent
Our War on Drugs is a crime enabler that results in the death of 10,000 to 20,000 Mexicans annually and who knows how many people elsewhere. If we eliminate the prohibition of drugs, the western hemisphere would be a safer place for all Americans - Canadians, Chileans and all of us in between.
You just empty the cake mix and the 16oz. can of pumpkin into a mixing bowl and mix it. That's it! No eggs, no water, nothing! I did this at work so there wasn't an electric mixer, and mixing it by hand made it kind of sticky and not batter-like like it was supposed to be, but it tasted yummy anyway, even if it didn't look the best.
My friend, not mentioning any names, but she went and got herself a boyfriend and now she’s all busy with Mr Smoochy Smoochy. Gross. I can’t believe she did that. So I was like totally bored and thought why don’t I get a boyfriend? Right? So I went searching for one. I can’t remember how I got there, I was just clicking and clicking on friends and friends friends and then I was like totally in Greece and there were all these really hot looking guys.
A tenderness provoked only by you
Translated by Dr Wang Shunning of the Department of Philosophy, Shanghai University of Finance and Economics. Published in English in the Lampeter Review, Issue 4
Why can't any see through those windows?
This game was played yesterday, in a new gaming club near my home. I’m happy to have such a nice place nearby, and this was my first visit to it (it was its second weekend). I knew there was going to be some Wings of War, but was quite shocked to see people playing in a big table with lots of beautiful airplanes (my past experience was with just cards).
Stay tuned to Rivals.com for the next nineteen years as we follow these developments.
even our three year old caught a couple. The guides are very accommodating and made
Rook arced through the air and into the center of the pyre, smashing through the poorly made structure and hitting the concrete beneath with a red thud. The pyre collapsed upon her prone body and she didn’t make a single sound.
(The falling, dying, I heed not, the wounded dripping and red I heed
One neat thing about this collection, however, is that it contains a story (Robert Rodi and Sebastian Fiumara) in which a gay couple of three dudes take a job on a sort of orbital garbage spaceship that collects and atomizes space-junk and (maybe) involves space madness, and that is nowhere near the weirdest story here.
I also would like to offer my services of creating & designing a button ad if you do not already have one, for a one-time additional cost. Contact me and we can get started on the design right away!
Anyway, seeing this list in front of me, I now know where to place my energy of people pleasing.
Thanks!!
So I ask you once again…who is facilitating your coaching??
I’d like to thank all of my blog followers, and readers, for sticking with me and sharing their thoughts. None of this would be possible without you. Hopefully by the end of this year I’ll have an agent to thank as well. So keep commenting, and if there is anything you would like to see, drop me an e-mail. Sometimes your journey is only as good as the company you keep. You guys/gals have made this journey one hell of a ride so far. I can’t wait to see where it will end.
Abba Father
It was a very brief date. He bought me dinner and fled back to Mes Amis.
SANTORUM:: Well, I mean I hate to throw one to Florida, but obviously your Senator Marco Rubio is a pretty impressive guy.
Well, if we are to believe Nelly was as close to everything as she claims to be I don’t think she can help but meddle a bit…both in the past story and in the current retelling. Nelly has her own motivations and her own bias. Her love of Catherine (2), the softness she sees in the girl stems more from raising the girl rather than a clear view of Catherine’s actual nature.
I learn each day how important you have been in moulding me.
Dear Addie: I received your letter but have little time to write these days. The children are very good, but do need a lot of attention. It keeps us both busy. Do hope the hurricanes keep on passing us by.
Anyway, when he heard Bud Lite was an alcohol, Ryan was seriously depressed. He had a very unpleasant encounter with alcohol and since that incident he has vowed never to touch alcohol again in his entire life. Hallelujah! I am thinking of recording that declaration and playing it when he comes home after downing a few in his teenage!
Save $1.00 on Swiffer Dust & Shine Furniture Spray
PANDAS ARE INSIGHTFUL!!
You must hire somebody to help you. You may get brother Thomas. lett Isaac Clemmens if he is a mind to take care of the shop and maintain himself there, he may, or do as he has a mind, put some sugar in a Raisin cask or some such thing & such necessarys as we shall want.
MARY HEUSSENSTAMM
There are a lot of ways to begin sewing. Most local sewing machine dealers offer sewing classes for any level from beginning to advanced. (Oh, and if you are shopping for a sewing machine, go to a dealer. They often have used machines they can sell you that will get you started for a reasonable amount of money. New machines that cost under $100 are about the quality of the toy sewing machines that were sold when I was a kid in the 70s.) Dealers will help you learn to use your machine and will repair your machine, should the need arise.
After the morning of activities, the kids will have a pizza lunch and then watch a juggler perform. The juggler will also teach them how to juggle. After that, it's ice cream sundaes.
This week the books blog Vulpes Libris pays tribute to the short story while yet paradoxically providing an insight into the general prejudice against the form. Yesterday's post was a round-up of favourites (and the Bitch is pleased to have her own collection offered by the esteemed Dovegreyreader). However, the blog's coordinator Leena ended up asking for contributions from other bloggers, since she drew a blank with her fellow foxes, who confessed to little interest in or knowledge of the form.
RIHS
In less happy, chocolatey news, I just heard someone on MSNBC say that Ron Paul’s candidacy resonates with The Yoots because he has a “message of liberty.” I’ve actually seen young folks emerge from a car that had Ron Paul stickers on it. Excuse me while I have a lie-down on my barfing couch and vomit all over my clutching pearls.
Anyway I think I'll decline him. I've gone on a few before back when I was still a youngin' and had bad experiences every single time. I'd be bored as hell if I went this time since we don't talk much and keeping my guard up for 168 hours is too much for me to handle.
Revelations from the Marianne Gingrich interview haven’t taken a toll on Newt’s image yet. For the first time in our South Carolina tracking this month his favorability is better than Romney’s, with 53% of voters holding a positive opinion of him compared to 51% for his chief competitor.
4) The more I read, the more I love the Gospels.
Recently Mayo led a group of scientists by boat to an area off Provincetown where fin whales and dolphins gathered to feast and where the right whales had been surface skimming in large numbers for weeks.
Lunch was lamb & spinach.
So to recap – I last blogged just after I decided it was a good idea to dump Jamie right before our interviewee was arriving.
I used Granny Smith apples. They are not good for snacking, but great for baking.
Cecilia Roth (All About My Mother)
The alleged freeze covers nothing of significance. The real spending engines of government, Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, Homeland Security and Defense will go untouched along with just about everything else other than a Department of Agriculture grant for the study of artichoke pollination.
DRAMA SERIES
The problem with snow, especially snow in April is that it's all anyone can ever talk about. I suppose I'm not helping the situation by writing this entry but there we go. I've fallen victim to my own judgements. I'm not sure what says about me.
600 kids there are a lot
Oh my,
We have 2 dogs (Pugs from the local rescue) and two cats (adopted as kittens from a shelter)
Preface: This 12 oz. bottle of Green Flash West Coast was purchased for $1.88(USD) at Key Food in Brooklyn Heights, Brooklyn, NY. There is a note stamped on the label: “Please drink by the end of the month notched…” in this case it is February 2010
So you can imagine my mind going nuts when staging for these photos. I even stuck one of our redware plates on this double spice cubby cabinet for a change. I mean, I imagine you could use this piece for something other than just spices as well. No supervisors today, can you believe it... lol. They were all busy running in and out, playing outside and sunning themselves. Ahh, the life of a cat. I've always called them eating, pooping, sleeping pillows. Anyways, without their help, hubby packaged up all these wood crafts and they're on their way to their new country homes. Hubby has yet to find time to start on my "new wood craft" idea I have rolling around in my head. There are a few, it's just having the time.
Chekhov is the writer of middles, of unresolved mysteries that are wholly knowable because they are the everyday mysteries of all our lives, the writer of lost characters, lost opportunities, mistakes, misanthropy, misogyny, hubris, etc etc etc. You can see where a writer like Samuel Beckett was influenced by Chekhov, but Beckett (and many writers who've followed Chekhov's lead, like Barthelme) lacked Chekhov's humanity, his sensitivity to the tragedy of life. Beckett laughed at humanity, but Chekhov is tender even as he is relentlessly honest about the failings of man. We are nothing, Beckett seems to say, and so we should laugh at our striving, because in the end there is nothing to say, nothing to do, nothing to care about. Chekhov, on the other hand, seems to say We are nothing, but we could be something, so we should laugh at our failures and treat one another better, because we are all we have. I prefer Chekhov's philosophy.
Next we drew over the patterns with black PVA glue. This was trickier than it looks. The glue tended to come out of the tube in an irregular fashion, but I think it added a bit of originality to our designs. We laid them out to dry. We didn't get around to finishing them until this week, because I needed to purchase some white glue to stain with watercolours, so that we could colour in the designs. Spot the Mondrian on the bottom!
Last weekend I felt different kinds of love. It was beyond meaning and explanation, the kind of atmosphere that hangs in the air, the palpable and the kind of immaterial bond you see on the people who share the love or is sharing the same love for something. I was lucky enough to witness and feel this love.
Brushing a book is touching the past with the tip of your finger and of your soul. The old paper has kept its ghosts which are released when dogeared pages are turned. It feels like the heady perfume of a dry rose is wrapping around my inquisitive forefinger. It feels like ancient sensations are slipping under your skin to reach your nerves and spreading through your body slowly inhabited by past spirits.
And, look out….today is Maha Sabha Monday….let’s see if Sat Maharaj’s claim that Sita Gajadharsing-Nanga is no longer the Principal at the Tunapuna Hindu School, despite the court order she filed to block her transfer, is going to lead to more kuchoor at the school.
Once it's all arranged the way I want, I usually leave it overnight. I think of this as a steeping or gelling process. The pieces need time to get to know each other and see if they're going to ultimately be compatible. And I need to be able to come back to it with fresh eyes.
Trav S.D.’s American Vaudeville Theatre was founded 1995. In its fifteen years of operation the American Vaudeville Theatre has presented such diverse and well-known artists as Todd Robbins, Lizzie West, Dirty Martini, World Famous Bob, Howard Fishman, Mark Mitton, Kinko and Philomena Bindlestiff, Circus Amok’s Jennifer Miller, Red Bastard, Zero Boy, Carla Rhodes, Chris McDaniel, the Maestrosities, Bunny Love, and hundreds more. Its various incarnations have been seen at Galapagos, Dixon Place, Coney Island USA, Theatre for the New City, Brooklyn Public Library, New-York Historical Society, the Brick Theatre, the Duplex, Rose’s Turn, the Red Room, and the late venues Surf Reality, Present Company Theatorium, Collective: Unconscious and Todo con Nada
It’s nice to see the new generation keeps the tradition alive. Music in general is saturated with faux artists. Skill and earnest intentions generally gravitates towards originality. Give these guys a listen, you won’t be disappointed. And if you are, that’s your own fault.
If you want to be accepted by the wider Bourne family I suggest you take some guidance from experts with utmost haste. There are plenty of finishing schools around.
009.033 YUSUFALI: It is He Who hath sent His Messenger with guidance and the Religion of Truth, to proclaim it over all religion, even though the Pagans may detest (it).
"It's a sanctity of life issue," said Friedland of the babies, who were found "pretty close to death" but were now being treated at the Park Lane and Garden City hospitals.
This year, in my part of the world at least, one could be forgiven for assuming that St George’s Day had been cancelled! No flags or buntings, no celebrations, no dedicated evenings in local pubs and restaurants, no staged events. When I visited Trafalgar Square in the early evening of yesterday, I met only a small handful of celebrants, and sadly there were no red
Her friend gave an excellent show demonstrating her ability and experience and frightening the life out of poor old Benny who normally takes much more junior riders and gets his own way most of the time. The thing that impressed me most though was SOC. From the first trot she was a different rider. She sat taller, rose and fell in the saddle more positively and moved Enoch much more commandingly.
If you are participating in Metamorphosis Monday you will need to link up the "permalink" to your MM post and not your general blog address. To get your permalink, click on your post name, then just copy and paste the address that shows up in the address bar at the top of your blog, into the "url" box for InLinkz.
Partners Assigned On March 12th!
The letter’s introduction states that it is “written to clearly set out the position of the Musqueam regarding the Marpole Midden. It is intended to make unequivocally clear what has been stated for over 25 years and restated to both City and Provincial elected officials and their senior staff. It will create certainty where others misinterpreted the meaning of our communications or, indeed, through a lack of understanding, misrepresent them. We copy this communication to the Developers who persist in developing a condominium project on the site of our ancient village and burial areas and thereby place their commercial interest above the just and right assertion of the Musqueam that this site not be developed.”
commenting both on what Smith considers to be Wal-Mart’s ruthless business tactics and its detrimental impact on the United States. Other concepts juxtapose Wal-Mart’s reputation for low prices with a reference to poor store security and the company’s family values imagery with the fact that it offers for sale inexpensive alcohol, tobacco and firearms—products known better for destroying families.
We may not have a new project every day of the week posted, but you can be assured that all projects we post that week will be somehow Disney related.
Sorry, not enough time to post ingredients. Have to go get cupcakes I ordered from the grocery store! Send an email if you would really like to know what cartridges I used on the Cricut. Thank you for looking at my post. Kim
Row 1- ch4, 11dc in 4th ch, join to 3rd ch (12)
i couldn't even make it around my block
Now I understand that the Bible says in more than one place not to associate with certain people. 2 Thessalonians 3:6 But we command you, brethren, in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, that you withdraw from every brother who walks disorderly and not according to the tradition which he received from us. It is my belief though, based on scripture, that in an isolated situation it is unnecessary to completely walk away from someone unless they continue to choose a lifestyle outside what God calls us to do. “No one born of God makes a practice of sinning, for God’s seed abides in him, and he cannot keep on sinning because he has been born of God.” 1 John 3:9. It has been my experience to find that these are often people who are struggling and more than anything need someone who will stand by them to get them back on track. In fact, it says in James 5:20, remember this: Whoever turns a sinner from the error of his way will save him from death and cover over a multitude of sins. In Galatians 6:1 it says, Brothers, if anyone is caught in any transgression, you who are spiritual should restore him in a spirit of gentleness. Keep watch on yourself, lest you too be tempted. God doesn’t call us to judge others and/or walk away, He calls us to help to restore them in love.
“These lists were originally conceived by most of the voters who cheered them on as lists of people who had some sort of psychological compulsion to sexual predation,” explains Walter Olson, a senior fellow at the Cato Institute. People assume anyone on it is “a permanent menace.”
-Stir and fill a used, clean, laundry soap dispenser half full with soap and then fill rest of way with water. Shake before each use. (will gel)
and wish I could see his eyes
One of the biggest highlights that new animations of Haruhi Suzumiya will bring would be the introduction of Sasaki. As soon as we finish Astonishment/Surprise, Sasaki will have a full ranking on my top ten list of characters. Until then, she’s just an extra, though a well beloved extra.
The original building would probably have had a flat roof, but in 1618 James I leased the gatehouse to a courtier, Alexander Stephenson. Stephenson substantially altered the gatehouse, rebuilding the upper floors. Stephenson then let the Black Gate out to various tenants, one of whom was a merchant, named Patrick Black. It was he who gave his name to the Black Gate.
Test 2:
But there have been changes.
The design is very clean and clear. There is very little artwork. The PDFs are designed with using the document as a PDF in mind. There are features built in that will be useful on tablets and stuff like that.
Some of you might remember me moaning (Feb) about general unwellness long before the pneumonia (Apr) episode. If not, a quick recap: pain in abdomen, pain in chest, general fatigue etc. etc. hospital, home, bed, hospital, home, more bed, back to work ya-di-da-da.
I created a layout featuring my sister, I and my two kitties (Hansel and Gretel). I was stumped for a title, but a friend of mine at the crop that I was at suggested "The Meowingtons). I thought it was cute!
And simply being present with it;
Disclaimer - readwritephonics sent me the app at no cost to myself for review purposes.
Dear Aidan,
The belief – simplified –is that Jesus will return in a cloud of glory and gather up the “believers” and take them from earth. Unfortunately, no matter when this happens in their varied time frames, the end result makes no sense. The believers will have been taken to heaven while Jesus is then supposed to rule the earth with a 1,000 years of peace, after which man’s inherent evil will begin the cycle again. Does this make sense? The entity that they have worshiped and prayed to for years and is the center of their belief system will be ruling earth while his followers will be in heaven? Not only that but he will allegedly arrive as a conqueror – or a destroyer of non-believers – and commit acts that he expressly taught against but most especially murder. Why would he preach about love, compassion and tolerance and then return, in the same belief, as some type of avenger?
Non-Muslims in Tower Hamlets are the heart and soul of London. This is the place where Jack the Ripper stalked. The home of the Kray Twins and other myths, stories and legends. But it is now all but lost. Every year more and more native Londoners flee this borough afraid of racist violence orchestrated against them by young Muslim thugs. The local police are powerless to intervene when faced with literally hundreds of rampaging youths acting with the tacit support of so-called community leaders, elders and local councillors. Over the past ten years a number of pubs have been firebombed (drinking is "haram") and non-Muslim politicians and even Church of England vicars violently assaulted for "apostasy".
The story below also reiterates the benefits of Realtors and governing organizations like RECO who are always at work in the background looking after the interests of consumers in real estate transactions.
The Chinese scout knew something was wrong. His fellow scout had disappeared – without a sound as far as he could tell. It hit him the instant that he began to zag back toward their center line. His senses picked up on his counterpart’s absence as much as anything else. Alert and ready, the scout froze in position. He crouched with his rifle at port-arms. His finger slid inside the trigger guard as he scanned the trees and water for his brother in arms.
However the baby costume was increadably hard and I don't have a picture of the hardest part- the jacket.
We has our 38 week appointment today. Fundal height was still measuring a few weeks ahead, still not much progress. She did say I was like a finger tip dilated now, but basically no change at all. The internal caused some bleeding and cramping, so that's uncomfortable. Nombie wasn't moving much yesterday or today, so she sent me for a non-stress test. He wasn't moving much, so they startled him awake with a loud buzzer thing, which made him JUMP. After that he moved some more for the test, and then proceeded to get violent hiccups. All checked out okay in the end though, so that was good.
The course can be as introductory for you as you like, or as advanced as you'd like on a personal one-to-one basis.
I gotta say it.
and lots of cranberry sauce
As the mid-1990s documentary Jurasic Park shewed, DINOSAURS!!!!! were savage bastes, roamin in packs an terrorisin' the helpless folk o' remote islands. However there can be nae doot** that their terrorisin' spread as far as oor ain shores.
Ideas pop up at the most inopportune moments. On a couple of occasions I had to jot them down on the back of a till receipt or use an eye liner to write key words and consequently, I've learnt to always carry a notepad around and even have one by the side of my bed in case I wake up in the night, suddenly struck by the next novel.
I was thinking about what had happened when I saw a picture something like this:
Like Caribbean. (care-uh-bean)
‘Oh, you’re such a good boy, she said. When we got in the cab, she gave me an address and then asked, ‘Could you drive
Last night I was sitting at the bus terminal waiting for the last one to come in from Moncton. The music from my mp3 was playing, the heater was blowing warm air across my face. The bus was late and some the people inside the terminal were sitting there falling asleep, some were figiting, getting restless to the point of losing it.
Central Steam...Saturday 10pm (and+1) Discovery Shed.
Add about 1/3 cup batter for each pancake. Let cook for about 4 minutes on each side. Serve with your favorite topping (mine is maple syrup & peanut butter!). And don’t forget to garnish with some orange zest, it’s worth it, trust me!
I don’t know why I enjoy watching this show on Discovery Fit and Health, a station that I’m pretty sure only Oprah and I ever watch. I DVR it and then I leave it on while I’m doing household things like tidying up or making dinner.
Enjoy =P
“I think there’s something wrong somewhere if, after five decades, a nation cannot stand on solid ground; I think it has failed.
At this point, the 4:00 pace group was way out of sight and I started to get really upset. It only took a few seconds for the feeling to come back in my foot and when I started running again and realized that I was right on pace but I was still upset that they were so far ahead of me. By Mile 5, my foot had gone completely numb again and I just wanted to quit. I couldn't run like this for 20+ more miles and it was already hot and humid and I was letting everything get to me. I stopped to walk again to let the feeling come back in my foot and took the walking break to clear my head. I was right on pace for where I wanted to be and my legs felt great. If the 4:00 pace group wanted to be running 40 seconds faster than what was necessary for a 4:00 marathon, then they could go ahead. I was going to run my own race. And run my own race I did.
It has been a gradual realization as we have advanced along our path;
2 or 3 times a week. We have a smoker that is the best thing we have ever owned. It works sort of like a oven so you can set the tempature and as long as it is on smoke you can cook it all day. Then when you want to finish it just turn it up. You don't even have to watch it.
1 lecturing
if we just take her home and wait for the initial bloodwork to come back,
-Doesn't offer a lot of widgets, especially progressive and useful ones.
Oh well…! Anyone who’s ever partook in or overseen the restorative process of a vintage or classic car, truck, or camper-van-slash-hippie-bus like Peniki, knows that you should always expect the unexpected and double the original estimate of the restoration…just in case. Also under my belt of accomplishments is that old blue chair I made-mention of before: It was my Grandmother’s at one time, and I think it might’ve belonged to my Great-Grandmother originally. Things like this that have been handed down to me tug at my heart-strings when I think of letting them go to a stranger.
I got out Friday afternoon for a longish ride southwest to St Peter and back home through Chaska. (ride video) Time on my bike is unlike any other alone-time for me in terms of working through my thoughts and I've usually got many. There are no distractions and I can literally go for hours without any interruption from the outside world other than passing cars and the occasional text message. My blog often helps me organize those thoughts.
In honor of my best friend and her upcoming wedding, I joined her, her mother, and her grandmother in attending a bridal expo at a local venue.
The Swell Season (Glen Hansard and Marketa Irglova) first came into the spotlight with Once, an indie movie about music and life. Falling Slowly, from the OST, won a much deserved Oscar. And then they were silent for a bit. But they’re now back with Strict Joy. And I’m glad they are.
14) Farewell And Goodnight
M: Minnesota~I truly love MN. I was born and raised there~a chunk of my heart will always be there. My husband and I also lived there for 3 years. I loved the weather, the terrain, the people,…I have loved everywhere I have lived, of course. But MN will always be special.
WOW ~ I never post this late in the day! I've been so busy getting ready for a class I have tomorrow night & haven't had the chance to get this post done. I'm waiting to find out how many students I have in the class, so I thought I'd take a few minutes to post a few of the projects I've been working on for my ALASKA PROJECT.
My tech savvy BFF is pointing me in the direction of an Andriod phone. It's so very frustrating though. Not only are they expensive to buy, but you get locked into this 2-year contract with your service provider (in this case, Verizon and formerly Alltel which I liked a great deal better) and you have to pay an arm and a leg for an additional data plan. Let's not forget that I'm already paying a small fortune for a phone plan for minutes that I hardly use because of my Friends & Family numbers (people you can call without using your minutes), but without that specific plan, I don't have the Friends and Family numbers. Not to mention that, because I live in the boonies and rely on my cell phone at home, I have limited service in my area so I have to stick with this service provider because others have very spotty service here. I would think, by now, these cell phone companies could get their act together and actually provide service everywhere (or maybe they can and just don't). What a crock! It seems no matter what it is today (internet, cell phones, satellite/cable, gasoline), you have very few actual choices as the consumer. The service providers get you coming and going. It just pisses me off and that is why I have avoided for so long taking the plunge.
The meals have been great so far; even the little ones approve and they don't seem to like anything right now except for veggies and dip. This week we are having... Buffalo Chicken Sandwiches; Oven Roasted Chicken & Veggies; Sausage and Perogies; Slow Cooked Sweet & Sour Meatballs; and Slow Cooked Tex-Mex Roast. Now, I did make a few changes but they were quick and easy, substituting perogies for potatoes and a roast for pork chops. Hopefully Michelle won't mind ;)
THE MATCH: Alex Silva of Ohio Valley Wrestling (OVW) wIth Head Gut Check Judge Al Snow vs. Robbie E. with Robbie T. (Rob Terry).
Oh good. Jump up and down in glee at the prospect...Except nothing happened.
Bear in mind that expecting the conclusion you arrive at to apply perfectly to everything all the time is like looking for a pair of shoes in a steak using a sweater. It won't. Why? Because at the same time you're engaged in this process, other people (although not nearly enough of them) are doing it too, which means that ideas and points of reference will shift. Things outside your sphere of perception and control are meanwhile continuously beginning, changing and ending. Bear in mind too that your ability to perceive is limited, and you will never achieve omnipresent omniscience, which even if you did, might not provide you with much of a 'reason' or 'meaning' anyway.
With Remy, I've been concentrating on trot transitions, making sure that there's enough energy to get a soft transition, but not too much that he hollows or rushes off. We seem to be getting there with the transitions, which give a balanced start to the trot, but he's not able to keep that balance for too long before he tightens through the front end, and/or starts to rush. I'm finding it hard to determine his natural trot rhythm, so the last few days we've been having a short lunge session before riding.
...all consumed during one rainy week in Paris.
It's not that one is superior to the other. It's not that one is right & the other wrong. It's nothing more than the fact that people are not all the same. We don't all have the same interests, tastes, or needs. We don't all learn the same things at the same pace. We are different. Therefore, when it comes to education, no method or material will work for everyone. There is no universal 'perfect' scope & sequence. There is no universal 'correct' method. There is no universal 'best' curriculum. Not even the meaning of 'busywork' is universal, because there are so many differences among us.
Starting this month, the Osaka Municipal Government is conducting the survey covering some 38,000 employees. The move was prompted by an incident in February, in which a city employee showed their tattoo to children at a welfare facility. Osaka Mayor Toru Hashimoto ordered the survey be conducted following the incident.
This week saw the launch of our new series of free-to-attend webinars. After many months of preparing and testing the content, we’ve been thrilled to see large audiences joining us daily from across EMEA
I drive to meet the boat we both think the same thing.
-baltic
Bake at 350 for 15-20 minutes.
Laurence Curia, 41, Garden City, N.Y.
You're a hazardous waste, a little man, a disgrace to your race, you're nothing but I'm something different,
He said Sister Thandi was taken to the police station by clinic security officers and a charge of theft was laid.
Probiotic Cultures( Xymogen ProbioMax is my top choice)
The prime minister also announced plans to impose a 10 per cent real property gains tax (RPGT) for properties disposed within two years in a measure aimed at deflating the property bubble.
This set is modeled after the 1953 Topps. In 1953, Topps chose to use painted portraits to make their cards for that year true works of art. Topps Heritage followed suit and gave their 2002 cards an artistic look.
Newsworkers are predisposed to treat bureaucratic accounts as factual because news personnel participate in upholding a normative order of authorized knowers in the society. Reporters operate with the attitude that officials ought to know what it is their job to know…. In particular, a newsworker will recognize an official’s claim to knowledge not merely as a claim, but as a credible, competent piece of knowledge. This amounts to a moral division of labor: officials have and give the facts; reporters merely get them.
Can you say that in difficult times you will submit to the Lord’s purpose and trust that He will be glorified? God uses all things for His glory. Once we look into the mirror of His glory, we will find that He can transform our hearts, and whatever He wants us to do, He takes responsibility for providing for it to be done.
2 confess
So, I know this was supposed to just be a few words and my pictures, but as I always point out, I'm not good at keeping things short and I feel like I owe a bit of an explanation for not really being around this week. It's just been one thing after another. I even started my green series post for yesterday while lying in bed with Emery Wednesday night around midnight. I just never had a free moment to finish. It will be back next week, I promise! I know you all mourned the missing post. Your heart can rest now.
Ever wondered how to dress for Revenge? Clearly in the Hamptons its by wearing fantastic dresses week after week.
5 nature
Phreak: Aye.
Jack: Oh and this one’s GREAT! It sounds so funny. D**che Bag.
“You don’t know how lucky you are,” Mr Young tells them. “When we were young, there was nothing to do on a Sunday. Nothing. Shops were closed, there was nothing on television at all. Just Songs of Praise in the evening, which everybody watched even if they weren’t religious, then a drama, which everybody also watched, then television closed down and played the National Anthem.”
Now that I am married and have children of my own, my husband and I have a own rhythm and routines around the house. Let's just say that my mom still drums to her own beat and we don't always make the sweetest music.
This project was featured here:
The first one being the many, and I mean MANY errors, typos, grammatical faults, misspelled words, homonyms and often just simply the wrong words for what was meant. Whether it just poses for being published by a third party or is published by a third party, such a level of general editing failure is unacceptable in anything sold for money. Really.
Bodice - Owl punch (yes, you read that right) - insert head end into bottom of the ornament punch to get pointed part at the waist - repunch foot end with 1 inch circle to get curved neckline
Comment: The President does not have authority to disregard Republican Senators (Art II Sec 2 CL 2)
opposing team players had requested the stars to be candid and not give them extra
I inhabit the mere space of a picture frame,
I hadn't ever made salsa before, really - no, wait, I have made tomatillo salsa several times, and lots of Hatch chile enchilada sauce, but every time I've tried making just straight-up red salsa, it hasn't come out very good. Usually, it's really watery, and not a lot of flavor compared to the bottled ones.
Angel Face Consultants
As you can see, interest income as a share of the total economy actually stayed pretty high throughout all of the 80s, even as rates dropped precipitously. And through rates are at all time lows, interest income isn’t quite there yet. But for savers and retirees, the trend is still not looking good.
Her unleashed hurt shot through his chest.
Since Egypt has many cultural differences, it is imperative to know what to expect and what to steer clear from. Here are a few do’s and don’ts when traveling to Egypt:
MARCH Min Temp 1.5 degrees High Temp 20.0 rainfall 56.4mm over 8 days
It was this point that got my attention and feel it deserving of our attention. “How can a single parent, who works 45 to 50 hours a week at a full time job, cook, clean, and still have time to help with a child’s homework. Since most of our boys are being raised by, under educated women – education is not instilled in them.” Hmmm! I can’t say I completely agree with that but it could be argued.
BLITZER: All right, we have another question from the audience. I’ll look forward to seeing your medical records.
I found this ultra-amazing video on how to transform any men's classic collar button down shirt into a -- yes-- women's dress, skirt, and top! I found the video here-- its not my video!
Inexpensive project:
We must be beating our chests, though, because women in our day and age, continue to grab the headlines.Malaysian women are becoming more and more famous by the day. Those simple, ordinary, hardworking women…are just ordinary, and their achievements are not news, not sexy enough, you can say.
They would LOVE this homage to female readers everywhere…
In the LCWR 2001 annual report, Sister Mary Mollisson, CSA, LCWR president, reiterated the long-held conference strategy to keep “dialoging” with Church authorities to keep the issues open. She wrote: “In keeping with our desire for right relationships among church officials and members of the Conference, the Presidency continues a dialogue with bishops and Vatican officials. We approach this dialogue with a sense of urgency and with a passion to stay in conversations that will decrease the tension between doctrinal adherence and the pastoral needs of marginalized people. We also continue to express our desire for women to be involved in more decision-making within church structures. The risk of this part of our journey is being misunderstood and being perceived as unfaithful to the Magisterium of the church.” And she characterized Church officials as just not comprehending the sisters’ message: “Understanding of authority, obedience, communal discernment, and the prophetic nature of religious need further conversations.”
Several people couldn’t put up with it and clearly got off well before they were supposed to. At one stage the drunk followed a man around the tram for ten minutes demanding he “engage” with him. He was frequently threatening and there was a sense that at any moment he might become violent.
On the mud-caked, knocking and rattling truck carrying the family from the pit to the reception tent above, Austin Downing, 13, embraced the groom’s son, 6-year-old Kodie Umphenour Jr., who held his ears from the sound of revving engines.
AF affects nearly 226 million of Americans, and costs an estimated 27 billion dollars annually in direct health care costs.
“Nostradamus is the name under which several people have accustomed their spirit to outputting their delusional fantasies” Henri de Sponde, 1656
The problems of the university, like the problems of the world, are only more likely to be solved by conversation than not.
I’m driving a little old woman
It sucks to be a perfectionist!!
land of the free and the home of the brave!
red chilly powder 1 tsp
V: I will not have my role usurped! I wear the crown! And if there are mistakes they will be my mistakes, and no one else will make them! No one, not even you!
thoroughly furnished to handle any situation, for you are God’s house (1
5. Heat up the clay pot, Pour cooked beef into it and cook for another 2 minutes.
This month's meeting will include a special presentation by club co-founder emeritus, Jon Defibaugh. Jon is coming in all the way from Philadelphia, where he works as assistant brewer extraordinnaire at Earth Bread + Brewery. He'll be showing us some pictures of the operations and sharing some growlers of their wares.
Litopia after Dark is produced by Litopia, and goes out live at 8pm GMT (that's 3pm Eastern, 12 noon Pacific if you're listening in the USA). It would be great if you could listen, and even better if you can find your way to the chat room and join in!
Love from Portland…
1t honey
And the towers ablaze
"The cartoon was a bit silly, but it didn't represent what was in the article. It was well-balanced and posed a number of difficult questions the SNP have failed to answer."
Jami: I write. This has actually helped with my own healing. I have a blog that includes posts about infertility. I submit articles to publishers. I'd love to start a support group but that always makes me nervous. Things like that are so important, though. Infertility is a very lonely affliction.
Just listening to them flitting from branch to branch, and hearing them sing, well it warmed my heart. And I tried not to think of having to start back to work the next day. I do enjoy my job, and I’m glad to have it. But I love my days off.
- Lip Balm came out too hard or too soft? Just remelt and add more liquid oils or brittle oils! Lip Balm recipes are very forgiving and correcting mistakes is as simple as reheating and adjusting your oils.
Now years later Liam is back in town. A widower with a 14-year-old daughter, Liam has moved to be closer to his wife’s parents. What he failed to remember was his life before his wife…All those girls he loved and left are now the women of the town, their husbands none too happy to see the still sinfully hot Liam back in town. Posey thought she had convinced herself she was over her first crush…
Apparently, the reason for the tragic demise of us poor copywriters is that now in the age of social media...
I have a fresh perspective on this blog, what I want to do with it, what I want to share, and what type of posts I want to have. please stick with me on the journey... hopefully it will only get better!
Place the contents of the boxed cake mix, pumpkin puree, cinnamon, nutmeg and ginger into a large mixer bowl and beat for 2 minutes at medium speed.
My final ‘don’t’ or at least ‘try not to’ is this… Try not to give your colleague a hate filled stare when they have the flu and are spreading their germs all over the office… okay well don’t let them see you anyway!
Over the past year, I've heard from a couple of other small presses (but no "big ticket publishers") that received submissions from PA "agents." Some were like the blitz submission Dr. Tupper describes above; others were queries for single books, and actually made an effort to follow the publisher's guidelines. All were for books currently published by PA.
They go on and on about "the shifting nature of consumer behavior" and the need to "change the model."
The calm, majestic presence of the Night,
To make a long story short, I will be rewriting several paragraphs.
I think the possibility of this happening is high, especially after the success Torchlight has had with it's console port. I don't see any other of their series going to console, and Blizzard seems to agree noting that it was most likely, if any, that Diablo would be the series to be added to consoles.
Source-ANI
Dyanne: It was funny cause I thought we were just going to this club in Los Angeles to discuss business. I hadn’t put two and two together about the fact that we were going to meet the guy that my friend was trying to set me up with. When I met Howard, we just hit it off right away, but we were both very busy. I was going out of town to do stage work. He was going out of town to perform his musical act. But we stayed in touch, we wrote letters to each other for over a year every week. We got married not long after that, and we’ve been together ever since.
I continue to battle my camera. It has been winning lately. It just doesn't work right, most of the time. I really thought it was the batteries, but I think now, more specifically, it's a power issue. Maybe the batteries are not the cause? I have a few more things to try before I chuck it, and buy a new one (did you hear that, camera?? you better start behaving or you're history!)
with the production of the caribbiean series. I joined them to give
Just when things get simple with “Eighteen,” they become complex again with the title track, “Offramp.” This one’s simply mind-bending, with Rodby and Gottlieb hanging together nicely on acoustic bass and drums and Metheny going off in all kinds of directions. It’s all cool.
The Arab Spring has turned into an Arab nightmare. When Obama deserted Egypt’s Hosni Mubarack, the Muslim Brotherhood that he suppressed is now poised to take over its government. What we are witnessing is the rise of Muslim fanatics throughout the Middle East and the Maghreb.
Coming Monday: How to help a former player in need.
“The children were also threatened and told they would get hurt if they phone their parents. I’m 15km from the school and it feels like I’m losing my mind, not sure whether my children are safe or not!”
Simon blushes but nods and gathers his things up clearly uncomfortable.
OK, this is where being able to cook helps. You might want more salt, more sweetener or to make it thicker. Go slow...add just a little at a time.
I live in Bahrain, where it is common place that if you lose your job, and cannot pay your credit card or loan payments for a couple of months – they will place a travel ban on you. The government then refuses to renew your residency, so when you do get a new job, you cannot get a work permit and you are then left in a catch 22, not allowed to leave the country to earn but not allowed to earn in the country – so how are you supposed to pay your debt. You may think I made this up, but no – I have been in that situation for almost 3 years and am fighting to bring awareness to this ridiculous scenario!
Harold is just, well… different. Mom calls him “special.” He’s special alright. Harold is smart—real smart. Like, he can do three-digit division in his head. He can solve any math word problem and tell you who won the World Series starting with the very first World Series in 1904. Or was it 1903? You can bet Harold knows.
The ending was unexpected but it wasn't one of those books where you are trying to figure out the outcome from word go. It is a story that takes you through a period of lots of big and unexpected changes in Cannie's life and you learn how she deals with them. Not always well but it's nice to read about somebody who isn't perfect - just like the rest of us.
October Horrorthon Number- 3
114And saints with wonder heard the vows I made.
Extreme diets consisting of less than 1,100 calories per day are not considered safe because they often do not contain enough vitamins and minerals. It is also common for people who lose weight through extreme dieting to return to overeating and become obese again.
The culmination of all kinds of yoga practices lies in bhakti-yoga. All other yogas are but means to come to the point of bhakti in bhakti-yoga. Yoga actually means bhakti-yoga; all other yogas are progressions toward the destination of bhakti-yoga. From the beginning of karma-yoga to the end of bhakti-yoga is a long way to self-realization. Karma-yoga, without fruitive results, is the beginning of this path. When karma-yoga increases in knowledge and renunciation, the stage is called jñāna-yoga. When jñāna-yoga increases in meditation on the Supersoul by different physical processes, and the mind is on Him, it is called aṣṭāṅga-yoga. And, when one surpasses the aṣṭāṅga-yoga and comes to the point of the Supreme Personality of Godhead Kṛṣṇa, it is called bhakti-yoga, the culmination. Factually, bhakti-yoga is the ultimate goal, but to analyze bhakti-yoga minutely one has to understand these other yogas. The yogī who is progressive is therefore on the true path of eternal good fortune. One who sticks to a particular point and does not make further progress is called by that particular name: karma-yogī, jñāna-yogī or dhyāna-yogī, rāja-yogī, haṭha-yogī, etc. If one is fortunate enough to come to the point of bhakti-yoga, it is to be understood that he has surpassed all the other yogas. Therefore, to become Kṛṣṇa conscious is the highest stage of yoga, just as, when we speak of Himalayan, we refer to the world’s highest mountains, of which the highest peak, Mount Everest, is considered to be the culmination.
Bake for 20-22 minutes or until golden brown and a tester inserted into the muffin comes out clean. Cool on a wire rack.
Submit your time management forms along with the email to me with your goals for the week and printed copies of completed work.
In reading the second article, I actually lost some of my indecision. The way the timeline is laid out in the sidebar, I really don't think their is anything particularly outrageous about the ages that the subjects are brought up. Again, much depends on the 'how' rather than the who. As I mentioned earlier, the inflammatory language of the source in the Star article refers to lessons on anal and oral sex, whereas the parentcentral article says that the grade seven curriculum may 'touch on' anal and oral sex - two entirely different approaches.
I confess it took a while to stop reaching for my pen as I worked. Second Graders work in pencil for a reason. While finding a pencil wasn’t too difficult, finding one with some eraser left was! (I suspect if I’d been a little less in demand I’d have had some time to consider a story or poem about a tired pencil whose eraser was worn down from a school year of writing.) I asked no one in particular “Where do we find a pencil with an eraser?” The kids are usually great at helping a guest find his way around the room, but there was a notable lack of response to my question. Eventually one little guy dug into the back of his desk and with a secretive smile presented me with his cherished possession—a pencil with a few millimeters of eraser left on top. Of course the kids have somewhat adapted to the problem by doing “cross out” and making smudges. I suspect they’ve also figured out “he who has the eraser has the power.”
Sliced Avocado
Maybe a little wild boar stuffed with the champignons of the Lorraine area
Accessories: pearls, pom poms
**insert drum roll here**
- Carly T.
and provide a DIRECT LINK to your new posting
Smells like malt and then burnt cigarette smell and taste, then ashes. And a pork smell.
Now it keeps bulky toys perfectly stored out of sight.
I’m sure you’ve heard it said that failure is not an option. False. Failure is most definitely always an option. Where did this crazy notion against failure start? My guess…conspiracy. The government is trying to keep you from failing, which is keeping you from the fruitfulness you are capable of attaining. Perhaps the most useful tool mankind has, failure is for you. Better than our intellect, strength, endurance, and sharp wit. Failure is the KEY to mankinds resilience. Without persistent failure, how could we show the universe our worth? It would be impossible!
And this, from Youngstown, OH: The Youngstown Phantoms are inviting Mahoning Valley charitable organizations to bring groups to the Friday, Nov. 11 game vs. the Muskegon Lumberjacks where they have the chance to receive up to 10 donated bicycles. The puck drops at 7:15 p.m. at the Covelli Centre and tickets for charities are completely free!
First post of 2011 and it's the 16th today. I can't believe it's been so long, but I've been fairly busy with Twitter, Facebook, work, my sofa and of course my parents move.
My Struggle by The Black Lips
K's eyes are perpetually brimming with tears. She's tiny and her hands are chilled. Baby M is sleeping under a blanket on her chest. The two younger children, D and Little K, are relatively quiet considering their ages. At 7 and 9, they could be tearing up the sidewalks, but they're not.
Place nuts in bowl of a food processor; pulse until ground into a meal. Add Splenda, butter and cocoa powder (optional) pulse to combine.
(NB: We respectfully ask that you please recognise the copyright of the artists who contribute to this page, and give them credit where due if you use their work or sketches as inspiration).
...mostly to do with friends and relatives
Revelation 21:8 But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.
Each scene opens on some clearly identifiable object, a memento, if you will, that we must immediately observe and interpret to acquaint ourselves with our surroundings. It makes the viewer hyper-conscious of visual exposition. Our brains focus on the seemingly mundane aspects of these characters lives – what sort of drinks they have, or how they’ve done their hair. This creates an inner feeling of intensity, and contributes to an overall sense of paranoia. Anyone could be a liar; anyone could be a friend or a foe.
First of all, I’m glad to say that wasn’t the happiest day of my life and I’ve had many outstanding days since, but unfortunately this one costs a lot and creates a hassle for so many people. If I could do it all again, I wouldn’t; not that way anyway. The thought of having a wedding makes me squeamish. If I could, I’d have eloped or I’d have paid for our parents to join us far away or even not far away. I would have said “screw you” to every nitwit who made our lives difficult and would have taken more time to be grateful for the people who took their love for us and the joy of our wedding more seriously.
Use an automatic center punch to mark where you want to drill holes to attach the finding. Drill a hole where you marked the plastic.
This tart came together quickly with a minimum amount of fuss; I used ready made pie crust.
The Stucco background in this collection listed as "Stucco Washed"
C (note I) = C - E- G (1st + 3rd + 5th note of the C scale)
Instead of despairing, as Ecclesiastes did, at this hopeless new history, Nietzsche seized the opportunity to celebrate history’s irrationality and the triumph of “life” over logic. The supreme virtue was the will’s courage to affirm this meaningless life, beyond reason, for no reason.
I first became aware of this place through an acquaintance who makes the drive up the PCH regularly in the summer, to hit hot surf spot Zuma Beach / Point Dume. He made a comment on the drive up that he'd seen the sign for Paradise Cove many times, and always wondered what it is - so, we decided to explore on our way back, after dinner at Neptune's Net further north. The place turned out to be almost surreal - with tables and daybeds set up on the sand, next to bluffs falling away to the ocean and the hot summer night tempered by cool breezes from the water just steps away. And twinkling lights amongst palm trees adding to the charm of the whole space. You could almost pretend you were in Hawaii or some other tropical vacation destination. On that particular occasion, more than a year ago - we only stopped for drinks - but I remembered loving the feel of the place so much that I had made a mental note to put this in my '10 Best Date Spots in LA' file.
AND...if I was 20 years younger...and didn't think I would kill myself, I would love to wear these with it!
I looked back at the two wide-eyed boys on the couch, and all that came out was this:
Riley couldn’t reach the rags on the top shelf; after all he was only 4’2’’ or so.
With an upcoming event and a possibility of being a "job shadow" for Maryrose Wood, I instantly started reading up in order to have something to talk about besides the usual pumping about story development, outlines, and so forth...don't look at me that way. When you have a group of famous authors arriving for one whole day - all that knowledge and publishing know-how in your grasp! - you know that you'd do the same thing.
seeing moving pictures (early audiences were perfectly happy to watch depictions of galloping horses or railway engines or simple street scenes), and once film’s potential as a story-telling vehicle became evident, the search for narratives began in earnest.
Err.. sorry, these questions had me channeling a little Jack, but I'm back now.
Then I helped deliver my very first insurance cheque to a family. I was terrified the first time I had to pick up the phone. I didn't want to tell this man who had just lost his wife that I needed a form completed and an original death certificate. I didn't want to bother him and reduce his wife to a pile of paperwork, but I had to, otherwise he would never get the insurance payment .
Enjoy these matzo balls in your favorite soup. They are fabulous!!
form a topography
Social or independent: highly social
But it was a new day
This strategy probably works best for history classes but I could also see the use for it in some English classes as well. This could be considered a cross curricular lesson because to know the place and time as well as the significance would encourage the students to use some of their historical knowledge as well.
These were quite a hit with the kids actually, which made me happy. Elmo cupcakes! I found some decorating ideas on Pinterest (Oreo mouth, Reese's nose, mini-marshmallow and mini-chocolate chip eyes, red sprinkles).
The colonialist dream of the Victorian Browns
I find the overall storyline weird; no matter what Picard and his crew does, they can’t redeem themselves. If Picard is supposed to be so incompetent, why is he still the captain? Since the Enterprise is the flag ship why would Command leave it in the hands of a captain they don’t trust? There is a short scene in the book where two admirals ask this exact question from the admiral who sent Picard on this mission, but infuriatingly, the admiral doesn’t answer. It seems to me that either the admiral in question (Upton) is an infiltrator sent to sow chaos or incompetent. Or possibly has something against Picard for personal reasons but since we haven’t seen him before, that seems weird. At any case, the series seems to be aimed at dirtying Starfleet from the utopia it was seen in TNG. I don’t really care for that.
Roughly, cut the figs, and finely chop the ginger and add to the nuts with the cranberries. Melt the chocolate (I used a low microwave setting)
May 12, 2012 / Chicago, United States / Schubas Tavern
Once the bike was unloaded they wheeled it into the warehouse, assured me it had security cameras pointed at it, confirmed they were just going to plastic wrap. I got a return trip, just to show me the plastic.
sandwiched in our dirty nails.
The feeling of being reliant upon a single striker is nothing new. When Ian Wright joined, the emphasis shifted to him away from the more egalitarian phase of George Graham’s managerial reign. Wright was followed by Henry – we’ll ignore Anelka – and so on. It is not that Arsenal need to change the strike balance in the forward, more shift the mentalities of others to accept their responsibilities in goalscoring.
It's July, and I can hear the snowflake patterns starting to beckon..... And yes, I've entered Jon Yusoff's giveaway for her latest book. Love her snowflakes. =)
Good question. Also, for the first time in the history of mankind, we get to look someone conceived after May 21 in the eye (if the Lord tarries past Oct 21) and say you are absolutely not saved and guaranteed to perish eternally. Beginning May 22, 2011, some get to play God, knowing with 100% certainty those who will not become saved.
When to use: In the face of an extraordinarily objectionable call, particularly if you believe the other team has an unsavory history. It’s best to leave “Raiders” in there as there aren’t many more insulting terms in football’s lexicon.
OK, I know most of you don't care about my future Seattle life but it's time to reveal something that's been weighing me down, causing me anxious, sleepless nights, making me pull my hair out and scream like a lady who's just lost her Greedy Hamster sign --
I can offer you a life of obedient servitude on YOUR compound, since my house sucks. In your time with me, you will learn so much. You will learn that my multiple personalities all have names, and are made up of only the cutest kinds of dangerous sociopaths, serial killer-esque types, and sexual deviants. You will learn that your life with me will be much easier if you are constantly lubricated and pliant. You will learn the meaning of the words “OW, THAT FUCKING HURTS, KAGE”, and you will memorize every line of Anchorman. You will listen to the Spice Girls, Nickleback and that silly little bisexual girl, Justin Bieber, should you EVER disobey me. You’re a figure of fun, Henry, and I’m gonna fuck that fun figure. You will occasionally be allowed to show me who MY daddy is, say for example on your birthday, or on the day Glenn Beck finally explodes into a million pieces, showering us all in crocodile tears and Nazi propaganda posters.
Solid battery life
Honestly I can't believe how quickly it's happening. Especially because there have been a few days where I've cheated a little bit.
effect on the Earth. Imagine a World suddenly with nothing to worry
I was new here and very naive and innocent. I was wide-eyed and easily impressed. On one particular night while driving a taxi, I was lost in Queens, looking for a particular address on Kissena Blvd. I was tired, it was dark, and the print on my borough map was getting too small and painful to decipher. An older driver was standing outside his cab - if I recall, he was eating a sandwich. He looked seasoned, so I asked, "Do you know where Kissena Blvd is?'
That includes televising home football games in a format that can be used by ESPN3.com or one of the myriad sports TV networks, many of which seem desperate for programming.
On Friday morning we headed for Connemara stopping on the way at the 16th century tower house of Aughnamure in Co Galway. It stands six storeys high and would originally have been surrounded by an inner and an outer wall though most of the inner one is gone now. Apparently this area was the territory of the O'Flaherty clan - one of my aunts was a Flaherty, I wonder whether there's a connection:)
Links within this post:
I was cruising the freezer for a supper to have on Tuesday, and came across a rack of regular pork spare ribs. These are what was common years ago, instead of the baby back ribs you see in restaurants and BB-Q places. They are much larger in length, and have more meat on them, as a rule... I stripped off the membrane off the back of the rib, and dry rubbed both sides liberally with a spice mixture. I put them in the oven at 330F, and covered them with aluminum foil. A bit of water was in the pan, to aid the steaming effect. This went on for about 3 hrs...I then uncovered them and started basting with the BB-Q sauce about every 15 minutes for an hour or so. The result was a flavorful, tender(but not too tender!) rack of pork ribs... The side was cheesey pasta shells, which went nicely with the ribs!
Firstly we are going to announce the lucky winner of the £10.00 gift voucher courtesy of Joanna Sheen and as always to be fair we used random.org. We had 144 linked entries and 1 email entry and the winner is:
Anyway, if the book wasn't an E-book and had been printed on proper paper and bound and stuff, the blurb on the back would read something like this:
Certification: U/A
We had a full turkey dinner with all of the usual sides. And there were desserts!! We had so many that I sent some home with my sister, took some to work on my office day, threw cookies in the freezer, and there is STILL trifle in the fridge! Certainly not helpful for anyone's New Year's resolutions!!
What is your favorite love story, and what about it makes you love it so much?
Goodbye, you stupid world,
I just love Katrin’s blog. She has such wonderful recipes, funny stories and a great taste in music (I especially love those Friday night Facebook Virtual Dance Parties!). Congratulations on your nuptials, and I can’t wait to see pictures of you as a beautiful bride. xo
4. Pour club soda in a coffee or tea stained mug and let it sit for a few hours or overnight. The mug will look like new after this.
Today we are featuring BUG BUDDIES 1 and BUG BUDDIES 2 by Emilie Goulet and you are gonna LOVE them!!
Molly has a wonderful blog that I would suggest to everyone. It is also an excellent way to learn about what’s happening in the cafe, and learn about her observations and experiences as an ex-pat in Istanbul.
Are marching forth to conquer,
Its almost 1 year since the day TV2Q came back, and it’s also almost 1 year since the day I moved on. It was a hard time, not only for me but also a lot of fans of them.
Bazzill cardstock
8. If you are so angry that you cannot calm yourself at least control your tongue and do not speak hurtful and taunting words, talking it out hotly fans the fire, and increases the flame; (Do not ventilate your anger as you only feed your fleshly vengenance) Be silent, and you will much sooner return to your serenity and peace.(23)
I did it again. One more year I made my own Thin Mints, instead of buying them from the Girl Scouts. You must think I'm a terrible person. Truth of the matter is, homemade ones taste better. And I think I'm still a bit disappointed with the fact that the cookies come from a factory.
Reducing Intraspecific and Interspecies Competition:
My cheesecake was definitely lighter than a conventional American cheesecake, but denser than a traditional Japanese cheesecake. It was fluffy and creamy. All in all, I was thrilled with how it turned out and ended up using only half the amount of cream cheese! This delicious cheesecake with it's delicate lemon flavour was perfect with a bit of whipped cream and fresh berries. OK, it didn't really need the whipped cream, but I had some! :D
According to my unscientific scale, Laughing Boy receives a “well worth reading, especially for young adults”. I think almost anyone could get into the story of two young people falling in love but struggling to know how much they should (or can) live up to the expectations surrounding them. For adolescent folk, I think this is an especially powerful topic. This isn’t an afterschool special: it’s not clear that either of them really makes the right decisions in critical moments. But I think it would provoke the right questions, and perhaps prompt the right kinds of dialogue, for someone who finds themselves in a similar situation. Seriously, this one should not have been forgotten: go borrow a copy from the library, and see how it strikes you.
"Okay then," Fred said and proceeded to drop his trousers, revealing the tiniest man thingy the nurse had ever seen. Length and width it couldn't have been bigger than an AAA battery
"Whyyyyy???"
2 chicks via South Africa.
It rejected our cards. All of 'em. my Visa card, my debit card, Doug's MasterCard and his credit union card. All firmly rejeté.
breadth of exciting career opportunities available on the business side of
In the months that followed through the summer of 2011, I had to learn to put one foot in front of the other, in a whole new way. The whale had guided me through a shamanic journey. I went from feeling at first inundated in a cosmic soup, like an ocean of consciousness, when the injury first struck. As the weeks progressed, somehow consciousness was taking a crystalline shape, like salt in the sea. I was part of those crystals. Then I became like a sea creature, like the whale in a fluid oneness with that oceanic purity. Then I became a land creature, like a lion, as I crawled around the floor as a baby would. As I grabbed onto things to pull myself up into standing, I was like a monkey. Then a new human body was born. None of this was anything I could figure out. It was a force so much greater than me. It was growing inside me, like life itself, enveloping me, consuming me, transforming my very cells. I did not understand how it was working. But it was working and that is all that mattered. And there was no bargaining with its omniscient power.
As you can see, Gumdrop’s effect is subtle, but still visibly present. It does tend to settle into lines a bit and it does somewhat accentuate my dry flaky lips. It’s not as moisturizing or “buttery” as I’d hoped, but then again, I guess it’s intended to be a moisturizing lipstick as opposed to a tinted lip balm. Although it’s not moisturizing, it’s definitely not drying as lipsticks can be. Staying power doesn’t compare at all to lipsticks – I’m sure it was all gone by the time I’d eaten. Although I’m not sure if that’s normal for a lip product since I don’t use many. I’m a pretty careful eater when I have lip products on, though – last time, my lipstick stayed mostly (at least half) intact.
* Ran Hale Freezes Over 10k with Michele and my mom
4. The Skyline Drive, from Front Royal to Waynesboro, VA. History unfolds: Jackson's Valley campaign, Phil Sheridan's destruction of the Shenandoah, and the healing of the CCC. Or you can just go for the view, which is tremendous, especially at 35 mph. Relax.
When we stop and look at a beautiful sunrise or sunset, for a few minutes we remember what life once was for people. It's not so much a moment of beauty as a moment of memory.[4]
As the truth sinks in and our sense of gratitude is awakened afresh, we also ask that God make us alert to injustice in our world or even in our marriages or families or church, helping us to avoid the indifference to injustice that the religious leaders of Jesus’ day showed.
I heard it again tonight. I was upstairs working when I heard it — that solid smack followed by the painful ring that doesn't stop for a long time. The house was quiet for a second, and then I heard something suspicious: the jingling of a cat collar.
Once again, the fire department showed up at the Rest Home, to rescue the drenched Minnie, and to tack up a tarp so the dripping would stop until the roof could be repaired. They took one look at Wolf and said, “Oh no, not you again. Look lady, you better cool it. You are a menace to society.”
8) The Monstrumologist, by Rick Yancey. I was incredibly taken by this historical fantasy about the boy assistant to a monstrumologist — a scientist of the occult who is rather like an aging and unreformed Wizard Howl. My review said: "he beginning. Also, the middle. Also, the end. There is a character twist two thirds of the way through the book that I just did not see and I literally gasped on a plane. Then I was so delighted that a book had made me gasp on a plane that I punched Lover in the shoulder and made wild hand gestures."
That's the beauty of not only film noir, but of cinema as a whole: the ability it has to bring us into the lives and desires of characters we may never think of observing or even sympathizing with, as well as the possibility of being drawn to consider a way of looking at the world that might disturb and discomfort. As long as humanity carries desires, however unsettling, that we mostly try to suppress, and which sometimes rise to the surface in terrifying fashion, there will always be a place for noir. Now and forever.
Radley Metzger delivers an artistic, soft-core sex film, with beautiful actors and sensual sex scenes. Though this DVD release is not rated, it’s important to note that this movie initially earned an “X” rating (for adults only), and what lifts Score above porn is the artistic approach and sensuality that exudes from nearly every aspect of the movie. There are graphic sexual scenes for both men and women, heterosexual and homosexual alike. With a great mix of sex and comedy, Score is a perfect example of “high class eroticism”. This genre is all but dead today in the US, but this DVD release has the potential to introduce a whole new audience to this type of artistic, soft-core, erotic comedy.
i’m a little on the fence with these shoes. are they a little too old for me? or just classic? either way, they are comfortable, and totally work appropriate.
Chris has been turning the earth for the garden that we hope to begin planting this coming weekend. I have been preparing seedlings and planning the plots. It won;t be too big and we will plant what we knew to grow last year. A co-worker is providing us with some horse manure which will make the soil much richer than last year. Chris has been gathering gardening tips fomr our friend Dick who seems to be quite successful in primarily raised beds. He has great mulching and planting tips.
AG: Well, I stopped seeing them as separate, so this identification, this wholeness, the integration of the spiritual and the scientific, was very important for me. Mystics often warn people, “Look, don’t divide your life into this and that.” For me it came naturally becauseI discovered the new way of doing science when I discovered spirit. Spirit was the natural basis of my being, so after that, whatever I do, I don’t separate them very much.
"Dare to be naive."
The basic idea is that you post the films you can happily watch multiple times. The rules are as follows:
Stone Brewing Co. Stone 14th Anniversary Emperial IPA
And this is the product where Yasushi Akimoto and Shoji Kawamori collaborated together that is AKB0048. As you can see, it’s Macross mixed with Akimoto’s idol group that is AKB48. (and SKE48, NMB48, and so on…)
The blushes are very pigmented and I have to be very careful with application on my pale skin. They feel quite smooth, perhaps a tad dry and have a satin finish.
A beautiful Fiorlini International crocheted top over a Victoria Secret's cami - both from Goodwill.
Advisers seem wicked when you’re unwanted
If something does not do any harm, keep it up. Don´t let anyone tell you otherwise.
(What is it about putschistes and anti-aircraft artillery? As the BBC’s Mark Doyle noted in Guinea a few years back, warfare in Africa almost never involves shooting down enemy planes; yet as soon as a crisis occurs, the army breaks out the triple-A.)
Why this works for me: this concept is a bit more abstract, and it means something different for everyone. For me, I do get sick a lot. It’s something I have to acknowledge, and then accept that it means I have to work that much harder after I’m feeling better. I might have to work 5-6 hours one night, and then 4 the next. That doesn’t mean I should let myself get away with doing only the bare bones the third night. For me, this is the hardest thing to implement, and it is normally the source of my procrastination. Hopefully you can learn from my mistakes.
He liked them a LOT. ;)
Source: Chinese Films
Next Thursday, March 10 at 7 pm at the Burke Museum, Ted Pietsch, UW Faculty member in the School of Aquatic and Fishery Sciences, will speak about his book, The Curious Death of Peter Artedi: A Mystery in the History of Science. Cost is $5 or free for Burke members.
But like I said, not going to dwell on it now in regards to my posts.
“Mcdonalds is hiring! Learn how to flip burgers!”
This power creates a mass of dangerous energy or material (acidic fog, poisonous gases, burning fire, thundercloud, etc) which fills a Medium Burst Template. Anyone entering the area or beginning their turn within suffer 2d6 damage. In addition the cloud blocks vision, creating Dark illumination within the area (-2 to attack rolls).
Well, there you have it. Congratulations to The Nerdery for a great introduction to its new space! For more information, go to: http://nerdery.com/ or follow them on twitter: @The_Nerdery
c. George Takei
In other news, we had awful tornadoes come through on April 27 here in Alabama, many many tornadoes. It would take me ALL DAY to find links to show you the devastation but you can go to youtube and search for Alabama tornadoes April 27 and find tons of videos and there's groups and such on facebook with photos. I have friends who lost their houses, friends who have damage to their homes and friends who lost family members. Thankfully and by the grace of God we're all OK as is my house. It's heart breaking seeing the devastation all over Alabama, but one thing is for sure, the people of Alabama have come together as one.
Leave the cake in the pan for 5 minutes before releasing the spring form side of the pan, or turning out of the cake pan, and setting on a wire rack to cool completely.
‘A wonderful novel with intrigue, love, mystery and tender, audacious and clean-cut characters’ Mario Vargas Llosa
Good morning,everyone!
This system has worked pretty well this year. My class hasn't seemed to notice that choices are omitted from the Daily 4. They really seem to like all of the activities, although Read to Self isn't their favorite.
Which brings me to a blog, that I was thinking of writing, because I am so sick of everyone else in the world complaining that Americans are selfish because they all have cars, while the rest of the world have bikes. And I am hearing that stupid complaint more often.
“Would it help him to know that thousands of other Indians have undergone a similar experience?
Guitar is such a great tool. It's such a complex instrument that you can create some magic sounds out of. I always try to find some way to create something new out of my guitar every time I'm playing.
The debate took place via email. After the first couple of class sessions, I had switched to taking the course as an independent study. The reason was that I had already taken a course in qualitative methods — the topic of this course — and we agreed that I should use this class to take a more advanced look at discourse analysis, as one dimension within qualitative research.
Next, I had to decide on a design. I have two Recollections stamp sets that would be appropriate, one with animals, the other more for baby showers, although some of the phrases could be used. Since there is a turtle theme to the baby’s room, I chose that and the ‘It’s a Girl’ stamp from the other set. I also chose ‘Congratulations’ from Stampin’ Up’s wedding stamp set so that the front of the card will say ‘Congratulations. It’s a Girl!’
Among the hills, when you sit in the cool shade of the white poplars, sharing the peace and serenity of distant fields and meadows - then let your heart say in silence, 'God rests in reason.'
The move is part of a wider clampdown on young people taking on what government officials call ‘Western appearances’ in Iraq.
This particular Mercury retrograde is not so bad for your sign. In fact, it will allow you to do a lot of research very quickly and very effectively. You'll find it easy to reach into the past, or come up with solutions and answers to old problems. However, nobody gets off completely with any Mercury retrograde. No doubt, you will feel vaguely unsettled or dissatisfied or mildly worried about something. You might know what it is; you might not. Quite likely, old issues that you repress or shut out or don't want to think about are clamouring for attention in your mind. It's such a drag having to take a look at something you don't want to see -- isn't it? Maybe you could try using two mirrors?
The Junior high camp isn’t exactly like the English camps we have with the high school. We each had a forty minute warm-up period, and then most of the day was having the students practice giving their speeches for the speech contest at the end of the day.
Except, of course, they won't bloody let you do stuff like that now, will they? The Muslims, I mean. And the PC Brigade! They'd never let you broadcast something like that on the painfully liberal BB...er... So anyway, predictably, poking gentle fun at the Muslims has stirred up an absolute hornet's nest of seething outrage from the miserable asylum-seeking foreign killjoys living here on benefits and telling us what to do. In Top Gear stars cause religious row after dressing up in burkas on Boxing Day special, we learn that this classic bit of harmless British dress-up japery "sparked religious outrage"! Our irreverent speed-camera-hatin' heroes were "slammed by Muslims for mocking their religion" after it "caused a storm online"!
After I had finished it I kinda thought - well, it's summer and weddings ARE fun (unless your mom tells you your hairdo makes you look like a hooker but lets not go there).
Simply husk the tomatoes and give them a good scrub. Bring a large pot of water to a boil with tomatillos, onions, garlic, and jalapeno. Boil until the tomatillos turn from bright green to a dull army green. Strain and reserve liquid.
-that you and I-
Mother of all.. it’s a beautiful, wonderful thing. But in most movies, there’s no movie that’s a wonderful thing. Where could this go if you push it too far? Honor, loyalty and friendship – those are wonderful things. But if you push it too far and it becomes the outfit…
Friday night I kept to my plans of attending a gallery opening. The subject of the show is "Images of France" which showcased the works of a group of folks who went on a tour of France with a Photography Instructor from a nearby university. The tour had permission for the participants to take pictures inside museums and galleries which normally strictly forbid photography with any kind of flash. There were two great things about going to the opening. I bought a framed photograph and I missed the onset of the oh-woe-is-me-stage of the man with a cold.
“To the praise of the glory of his grace, wherein he hath made us accepted in the beloved.”
Me either so the resulting lawsuit from the Montgomery law firm is frivolous at best. The suit claims that when Taco Bell thins their meat by adding fillers, it gives them a competitive advantage over other chains. Really, doesn't the fact that TB only has four basic ingredients and have managed a belly blitz on the U.S. by selling that cheap meat with lettuce, sour cream and cheese and changing the name from Gordita to Chalupa?
All done (well the coop any way)
Andrew Malak is a business student at the Univeristy of Texas. He is obsessive about his grammar usage and refuses to submit any writing or homework without first proofing it with a grammar checker. Most of the time he has no problem remembering grammar rules but he likes to use the software to double-check.
I have found employment, so of course, I dare NOT to get on here this early in time.
... mom wants me to mention that shadows distort, that dad really isn't two feet taller than mom, and of course, that shadows add 20 lbs ... I 'm just repeating this because I really want that treat she has in her hand ;)
Here is the card I whipped up in about 5 mins. You've gotta luv the quick ones. I figured I may as well start on next years Christmas Cards..........LOL. As you do!!!!!
Keeping it together was pretty difficult as my blood oozed everywhere and the other driver walked out of his car unscathed.
However, one of the byproducts your body creates by breaking down aspartame is formaldehyde, which is extremely toxic to your health even in very small dosesvii. Furthermore, in a search of PubMed.gov, the U.S. National Library of Medicine, which has over 11 million medical citations, neotame fails to include any double-blind scientific studies on toxicity in humans or animals. If neotame was indeed completely safe to ingest, you would think the NutraSweet Company would have published at least one double-blind safety study in the public domain?
You probably know a story* that begins this way:
This first project is a tag that I was playing with. I used the Watercolor Distress technique from Technique Junkies on the tag background, and then I stamped the swirls from the Relish Reading set. I cut out my favorite Miss from the Milliner Misses set and added her to the side. The sentiment, also from Milliner Misses, is stamped at the bottom.
conversation with a man named Santo. He was so bright, so reasonable, so farseeing that we all could have talked with him for a very long time. We all hope that he and people like him come to govern South Sudan.
If this had happened to her a week earlier,
If you don’t want to wait that long to see what they have out there, the camp is open to the public most days. Few of the buildings will be of any interest, but there’s lots on display outdoors, including small, medium and heavy tanks, missiles, armored personnel carriers, howitzers, anti-aircraft guns, a military bulldozer of the sort that was used on the attack of the Branch Davidian compound in Waco, trucks, jeeps, cannon, jets, helicopters, German vehicles, Iraqi vehicles–all manner of the sort of things that military gearheads drool over.
Meet Reid. A student at George Washington University who has cerebral palsy and uses a wheelchair. A student who was flat out told that he could not study abroad because of his disability. A student who not only didn’t take no for an answer, but also kickstarted his way toward documentary about his time in Rome. A student who is literally showing all those people who told him no (and the rest of the world too) that even though he may be the one with the physical disability, we may be the ones who are truly limited. A student who had me at my desk trying not to shed tears at just how awesome he is (they weren’t tears of sadness). A student whose story left me speechless.
-Serve them cool for your Valentine!!
I know when I'm not having the best of weeks it is hard for me to blog. I like this space to be a bit bright and happy and filled with yarny goodness. And really, it is only knee surgery. It could be worse. I know that.
I had this amazing post in mind in which I would put up pictures and maybe a video to better explain this diet I would be starting as of tomorrow. But the day simply slipped past my fingers today. Sometimes I do have a need for a much better improved system at time management. Yet I am glad the day has ended on a positive note.
So I can only say this: SHAME, Shame on the so called Greek military and its so called patriot, who idly sit by and watch their nation die. Who are spineless cowards to stand up and take the reins of government from the traitors and sell outs, from the demonics and return it to Greece. Despicable and even more so despicable than the Satanics who sit in Athens and their cousins in Brussels, for these are the people sworn to defend Greece, not participate in her rape to death.
Start with an empty canvas
Glycreth-26 – See Glycerin.
I actually intended to make a vegan shrimp recipe tonight - and didn't have enough in my freezer! One can only dream of the days that grocery stores carry these cruelty-free shrimp as readily (or more readily!) than once-live shrimp. Luckily, I had plenty in my fridge and pantry to throw together this dish. Almost the epitome of ease, it simplifies normally labor-intensive risotto by baking in the oven.
This is a another page for my nephew's album, he just turned 2 last week! I love this picture of the 3 of them with the elk head my brother got hunting this fall.
Label: HORO
and supporting mine.
Going back to my cashier's job, however, has made me feel totally worthless. Maybe it's because the writer I was working for one afternoon a week is off researching a book, so there's nothing cultural to balance out my week. It might also be because I recently saw a friend who did a similar masters to mine in the states publish an article in preparation for a presentation at a conference ("Facebook: making you even more depressed than you already are since 2004").
to plant in the forest. One day
to revolt against such ungodly weather
My favourite quote from his Wiki page is this one:
"Hot to Trot" was a minor followup hit in some non U.S. markets.
Dania Suarez, the 24-year-old Colombian prostitute at the heart of the Secret Service scandal is still negotiating a deal to pose nude for either Playboy or Hustler, and the piece will also feature an article along with the pictures.
High Efficiency Charger (AC-8)
However, the most recent images taken by amateur astronomers have revealed the lower stripe known as the Southern Equatorial Belt has disappeared leaving the southern half of the planet looking unusually bare.
I will try not to be so long in between postings this time, but I am not going to promise..
Postage should be in a prepaid satchel (500g size may be okay for initial items - approx $6) and you should include an additional self addressed satchel (500g-3kg size necessary (approx $10) to receive all of your goodies back. (You may choose to go for express or registered satchels for an extra cost or for an extra $1 I think you can have a 'sign on delivery' option added.)
If one believes in an immortal soul that is implanted at the moment of conception, and if personhood is determined by the presence of that immortal soul, then there is little difference, in effect, between terminating a week-old pregnancy or killing a living, breathing person. Rational members of the pro-life movement do acknowledge that there is a difference in intent–abortion would be, at worst, involuntary manslaughter rather than murder–but the consequences, i.e. the death of a human person, are regarded by pro-lifers in much the same way.
Arnold Schwarzenegger is more comfortable and assured here than the first time around, reprising a role so perfectly suited to the voice and physique that have established him as a larger-than-life film persona, because let’s face it who else could do what he did with the role. The larger budget of this film over the first improves the visuals massively and adds what was missing from the first mainly seeing the T-800’s face under Arny’s which was so bad from the first but in this look great. Terminator 2 features thrilling action sequences and eye-popping visual effects but what makes it one of the greatest in its categories is its depth of the human and cyborg characters which is very difficult to get right.
Pours a brilliant gold with a huge, fizzy white head. Great carb and thoroughly effervescent. The head diminishes to about a fin finger foamy mass. Nose is peculiar - lots of sweet candy and bubblegum, some bready notes with some spicy notes and pine. Taste is sweet caramel and sugary candy notes along with some bread and biscuit throughout. There's very little bitter, but just enough to balance out the malt profile. This is where the nifty part comes in. The end is like a bitter gin martini, accenting the alcohol and lasting well into, and actually peaking, in the after.
We met up again with Tiffany and Ryan shortly after that. This zoo now has a sky glider that will take you from one side of the zoo to the other! Of course you don't get to see the animals up close though if you only go one way, so 3 of the kids took it round trip and we waited and waited and waited by the Rhinos who were sitting in a mud bath. But we got misted so it felt good.
In addition, North Light Shop is offering a very special price on The Pulse of Mixed Media today only. And, if you click on the North Light icon on my sidebar and use the provided code, my readers get an extra 10% off the price of the book (and all other products that you buy).
It was such a lovely night. Addison stole the show for sure. Their little girl is just a doll who we love so much. The reception was so much fun. Some of the best food I've had at a wedding. The dancing, the laughs, the company. It was all perfect! Enjoy the pictures.
ND - Remarkably little actually. In Scotland we’ve never had a newco at any time but in England but in England whenever a club goes into administration a newco is a natural consequence. That now seems to be the accepted way that clubs now emerge from administration. So the likes of Crystal Palace recently and Plymouth in the last few years; those are clubs that went into administration., They took their points deduction for going into administration on the first place but in terms of coming out of administration a newco was the preferred route forward.
Place a scoop of the batter (I used a small ice cream scoop) in each lined cup and smooth it to fill the bottom.
Remember the scene in Lethal Weapon 2 where Danny Glover is sitting on a toilet that has been rigged by terrorists so that if he stands up it will explode? For that one moment, the film’s over-the-top, hyperreal sensibility is laid bare for the viewer and it’s a masterclass in suspense, entertainment and emotion.
1 1/4 oregano
US$450,000 — The amount Mariah Carey and Nick Cannon have paid for a nanny for their twins Roc and Roe
Noise symptoms: poor concentration, anxiety, emotional stress, nervous complaints, nausea, headache and instability. Symptoms may also include a weakened immune system, sexual impotency, argumentative mood, social conflicts, panic attack, neurosis, psychosis and hysteria.
Cool first name, but kind of sets her up for a future gracing the cover of Penthouse magazine.
Life Key: Keep Believing and Seeing Yourself As the Winner NO MATTER WHAT!
The happiness grew, but not in a healthy way.
Based on my imperfect, layperson's understanding of medicine, there are all kinds of staph out there and they live pretty much everywhere and most of them are not serious. And kids get minor staph infections all the time. W.B. had one several years ago in his belly button and it was painful, but went away after a day or two of putting a little antibiotic ointment on it. I know one little boy who got one in his foreskin--ouch! They don't get quite so, well, dramatic, as the one H.M. had unless you end up mistaking a major outbreak of MRSA for a stubborn yeast infection (which occurs shortly after your other child has an emergency appendectomy and you probably bring home the MRSA from the hospital without knowing it) and which leads to it getting in the bloodstream and causing an abcess that requires surgery and hard-core antibiotics to cure.
Large territories and large numbers of people are very difficult to govern. Structures tend to break down and people further away from the centers of power don't listen to the boys at the top. The only way to make a going proposition of it is to consolidate as much power as possible at the center and the very act of centralizing power leads to tyranny.
(On another cloud)
So when news of Manuel's unwanted departure caught the markets off guard on Tuesday, they went haywire. The rand, bonds and shares on the JSE nose-dived.
Simon Says Stamp and Show any thing goes.
Anime: Eureka Seven
Seriously, there was a group called the Fauna Communication Research Institute back in the year 2000 that did a study and found out that one of the reasons that tigers were such amazing hunters is because their roar contained an audio frequency that you couldn't actually hear but you could feel. They concluded that for just a moment it leaves you unable to move, of course this gives the tiger an amazing advantage in the wild.
Gladys Knight & Tristan MacManus – Samba
Photographic evidence
if there was such a day, she made her decision.
The Blade Magazine Knife Show was held this weekend at the Cobb Galleria Centre. The show featured over 150 booths and 700 tables of exhibitors, including cutlery manufacturers. Blade Magazine Knife Show
Tammika Hubbard – Dem 409 (65.97%) (w)
Officials in the Department for Transport have found the extra cash from other spending along the 100 mile £32 billion proposed route.
Problem is, they’re at risk of fading into the background, never to be heard from (or purchased) again.
Then enjoy the most delicious thing that you've ever tasted. It's like a biscuit/sandwich/pizza roll...all warm and cheesy. And then come back to this post and thank me. And send me $100. : )
“Oh. Hello.” Mattie pulled the curve of her mouth upward attempting to feign a genuine smile for courteous sake of bus ride etiquette then closed her eyes as she pulled her hand from his trying to return to her day dream and recapture the best moments of her pain. ‘Shoulda been an actress.’ She admired her lifetime of refining the art of faking smiles through the abuses of unwanted introductions, conversation, and time passing pleasantries but Mattie did not take the bus to make friends with her fellow travelers, she rode the long
craftypad-deb@hotmail.co.uk or through the
Smashed Whites are really nothing more than potatoes, cauliflower, and turnips mashed together with a little butter and milk. However, we found that this simple way to use up veggies that all ripen at the same time is pretty tasty and easy to dress up with a topping now and then.
Jolly Pumpkin La Roja Artisan Amber Ale '07
What really impresses me is when the characters of villains decline into dark paths for the sake of a personal reason, and thankfully, not many stories these days seem to go with the whole Saturday morning cartoon version of morality, where one man decides to destroy the world and everyone else tries desperately to stop him.
Looking closely at them, the curve, the lightness, the flow, the soft folding of the wonton flower, it is so beautiful and each of them is so unique! Maybe, I learn to see perfection in everyone of them and all of them look lovely. I smile.
cause summer, I promise
So... A little bit about me...
I see all of you are starting to do the math in your heads. Why should an author be stuck with a crappy 25% of net amounts received in this kind of deal?
Thanks everyone!
Well, kiddos, that will be all for today. On a sidenote, my phone wanted to autocorrect “kiddos” to “midsized”.
I notice by the perimeter
Interestingly enough, even though they are from Korea, the frozen yogurt craze hasn’t hit nearly as hard as it has in the US. I came to Korea expecting many Pinkberrys, many Red Mangos and many just like them. In the city I live in, just outside of Seoul, there was ONE Red Mango but it disappeared 2 years ago. You’re able to find frozen yogurt and a few cafes here and there but there hasn’t been anything like Pinkberry (various flavors, choose your toppings etc.) on the scene.
To the world life is cheap. We can illustrate that by looking at the happenings inIraq,Kenya,Zimbabwe, and innumerable other places. It all started when Cain killed Abel. Life was cheap. Life was especially cheap on that boat for most of those passengers were prisoners heading forRometo serve as gladiators, entertainment for the Roman citizenry.
appreciating the stillness.
I'm so excited, honored, and grateful! I've already registered and booked the hotel, and now I just need to decide whether to drive or fly there.
Isn't it odd (and kind of hysterical) what our minds see or hear when the "Words Don't Fit the Picture??"
We built card-houses together...I remember (a very long time ago) doing just that with my brother on a cold, wet, school holiday. J-Man joined in, and was chuffed to find he could make them as well as I can.
Spaghetti squash with garlicky gomasio and basil. Steamed broccoli and cherry tomatoes on lettuce and sprinkled with lemon juice.
While my back was turned
Is there a way to bring balance to the chaos? Is it possible to discuss religion without things degrading to an online fit of mud-slinging? Is combining all religions into one the answer?
My book is officially out today and I’m delighted to say the media is taking notice. If you’d like to see some of the upshot, here’s the chat I got to do on the Washington Post parenting blog this morn.
* Would you recommend having an agent and, if so, why?
The queue of people at the tills, being public spirited types, immediately went to her aid.
coadjutor) who served on the Jesuit Georgetown University’s Center for
-worked a couple years there doing very well
3And ever-musing melancholy reigns;
Jordan at gymnastic practice
*Ink: Versafine Onyx Black
"Doc, I would rather have a baby than have my tooth pulled out."
Outside my window... Pitch black as 11.00pm! I am getting a really late start to my post today.
“Eat This Book” is Peterson’s second installment of a five part series on spiritual theology. More of a conversational journal, the book centers around the importance of reading and reviewing a text in order to internalize it’s meaning. Peterson is a very eloquent author who is extremely gifted in articulating words in a picturesque way. After reading it, I was inspired and hungry to get into the Bible. But while Peterson is a passionate writer, I wouldn’t recommend his book without certain warning.
We live in the one of the best countries in the world. We have unspoiled nature, but we also have beautiful, clean cities. We have freedom. We have relative prosperity. We have health.
After a brief pause, my radio crackles to life again with a heavily-accented Asian voice, “This is Nguen, in the back of the truck, reporting two loaded.” His transmission is cut off, but he still has the transmit button pressed as I hear in the background someone say, “Give me the fucking radio!”
Let me repeat that: ‘Where knowledge is free.’
On a semi- related note, who else remembers Kidz-Bop? They took all the good pop songs of the time, took out all the sexual references and cursing, and made kids sing them. We didn't even care if it sounded like crap, we could sing along with our own squeaky voices without having to thing you sounded bad. Nowadays, kids already sing the songs.
11. Walk Around
"Long term it's hard to see how (government) incentives address this in any sort of sustained way," he said.
The timeline also revealed holes in Bill’s life. Much was written about the four years he spent drawing pictures on the sidewalk of Monroe Avenue in downtown Montgomery. But not much was known about the other 80 years of his life.
There wasn't really anything of interest to me there, so I kept my eyes open for any interesting photo opportunities. Whilst I was walking up and down the aisles, I noticed a load of women queueing up for something. So I had to go and have a look, as I didn't think it was for the toilets!
Ten years ago, I asked my family to make my birthday a car-free day and then tell me the story about how it went. Afterwards, I wrote up my own story about it and it was published in a local Vancouver paper: see article Giving Up the Car
booth.
_____are you trying to say that I'm not intelligent.....b!t*h...i went to the School of Hard knocks, University of Life (funny life quote)
best to those who leave the choice with Him. His best will be your portion as you seek Him and His wisdom.
Today I have two tests! One in physics (third class, right before lunch) and one in Biology (last class). Physics will by far be the hardest. I meant to study for it more yesterday but..
217For her th' unfading rose of Eden blooms,
Preheat your oven to 350 degrees.
BOUNCING SOULS-Live at Generation records LP
I love and hate this band. I love because its some really great music and hate it because we self destructed before it even got off the ground. I could point fingers but what good is that at this point. Lets just say there was a lot of drinkin & druggin going on at this point and i guess we were all somewhat responsible...
Another lazy-evening, time-strapped, just-put-the-baby-to-bed dinner, tacos are such an easy way to deliver protein, starch and a little veg to the sleepwalking. Particularly if one is fortuitous enough to have pressure-cooked a 5lb. pork shoulder the prior evening (which, itself, took only about 45 minutes).
Excitingly, it seems that both the USA and Europe are continuing to push hard with solar power. Whilst some of Europe’s latest projects are extremely large, they are still very much in a planning phase. The USA is starting to make some very large leaps forward, and even if it doesn’t catch up to Europe in the next few years, it’s important to remember that solar power is always a matter of large, long-term investment – a very large amount of funding is required up front, and so getting such projects as the Florida plan into action bodes well for the future of renewable energy generation. As the Desertec website reminds us – by 2050, we will need three Earth’s to support mankind if we don’t increase our renewable energy production, and if the Sahara were covered in solar panels, it would meet our annual energy needs in just six hours.
So what do you think of our idea?
You know my great American novel, the one that I've been working on for the past, oh, two decades or so? (Chapter four was reeeeeaaaaally long, okay?) Well, now I see all these other adopted Asian kids writing their memoirs, getting a documentary. Jeff from over at 8Asians sent me a link to HBO's project for Asian American month. (We have a month? Oh just wait, people, I'm going all out that month-- shamrocks and green from head to toe.)
REQUEST
Completion of the bead-board ceiling.
I’m enjoying a long weekend and lovely weather—as I hope and suspect many of you are—but I wanted to stop by really quickly to let you know where the Bud to Boss Training Camp will be headed this May:
He grabbed Riley’s mom, tossing her to the middle of the room.
Cool on rack. Serve plain or with a dip!
4. Fourth, the eggs must be turned regularly. You know how if you are lying in the same position for a long time, your body gets sore and you need to roll over or change position. Similarly for a baby chick growing in an egg, they don’t like to be in the same position all the time, so the eggs need to be turned. On a farm, a hen sitting on her eggs will get up every now and then and put her beak under each egg and roll it a little so that it changes position. In the incubator, there is a black box on the side with a motor that rolls the eggs every hour. I will also check on the eggs and turn them by hand once a day.
Well, it arrived. My new sewing cabinet. Isn't it a beauty? It's sitting where my computer desk used to be.
Part two covers the following sectors: Police, National Health Service (NHS), legal profession, prison service, social housing, procurement, sport, City of London, construction, local government and UK Border Agency.
Einstein said he could never understand it all
The first Surah was revealed in Makkah and the last in MadhinaIt took 22 years5 months and 14 days for the complete evelation of the Qur’an.
We’ll start with chewing gum. Yes, chewing gum. Originally, a simple concept. Take gum resin, and flavor it. Awesome. Helps people with oral fixations. Sweet and simple. The way it should have stayed. But no, no no, it kept going. They couldn’t stop with just flavored. That flavor had to be “Extended, Long Lasting!”. Why? Because we are too cheap to buy another pack, and we need to be chewing on something every second of every day!
I am over at Shine Your Light kicking off Lisa's Mother's Day inspired series, "Celebration of Motherhood." I am sharing some of my experiences as a mother as well as some memories I have shared with my own mom.
Anyhow, here are a couple of items you can pick up to get a Kravitz’ inspired sitting room:
Started reading: 25 March 2012
(Ned Raggett, allmusic.com)
BASNCR Members,
Beyond that, here’s what I cannot wrap my mind around.
Callbacks are Wednesday and Thursday. I’m hoping to at least make it in it. I’m not going to re-live my high school days, thinking I have a great part in the bag, and instead ending up in the 2nd chorus with a bunch of little middle school kids. I need a way back into theater. And I’m hoping this is it.
Buddhism story:
When we are out in the cabin, we have a few options for 'bread'. I make my own, so loaves are the norm. But, we also really enjoy bannock. Bannock is a flat, heavy, quick bread. It originates in Scotland, although the Natives of North America have incorporated it into their traditional foods as well. It is also known as frypan bread.
I'm the first to admit I have been fortunate, some would say spoiled, to be able to spend so many years at home. I made good use of much of that time but I also wasted a lot of it. I don't have that luxury anymore.
CGVES Blog (cgvesblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Namaste.
7-9pm
Yesterday was the last game of Beanie’s maiden soccer season. I don’t know how much she’s actually learned about playing the game, but I do know she’s had a stellar time running around the big field with a dozen balls, twenty-some little kids her age, a half-dozen or so teenaged girls, and the boundlessly encouraging Coach Jackie. As soon as she had wolfed down her breakfast, she sped off to her room to change into her royal blue shirt, white soccer shorts, tie-dyed socks, and her pink shinguards over her socks but under her Hello Kitty sneakers — then proceeded to carom around the house, knocking into things and shrieking randomly. Her excitement was hilarious, if a little nerve-wracking. Poor old Bo fled downstairs and curled up against the washing machine.
We are an authorized dealer for the designers we carry, and we have built strong relationships with our designers which then allow us to better service our clients. Come visit us at www.perfectbridal.com and see for yourself.
When she finally came back to earth, Jillian left the house and went to the side of the pool; she snuck up on the adulterous couple and stood there until the woman being serviced noticed that they had an audience. Then the woman tapped George on the shoulder to get his attention. When George turned around, he had a look of guilt on his face that Jillian would never forget. Jillian wouldn’t let the naked woman back in the house to get her clothes. She simply threw the clothes out the door. The woman was forced to get dressed outside and shamefully leave through the back gate. George went into the house, got dressed, and left
The topic of new welfarism in general and PETA in particular is too broad to tackle with adequate depth in a blog essay. As such, I highly recommend reading Rain Without Thunder: The Ideology of the Animal Rights Movement by Professor Gary Francione for a far more comprehensive and in-depth analysis of the problems with new welfarism and PETA. In addition, the links above offer additional information and perspective on the topic of new welfarism generally.
Proverbs 14:30 says, “A heart at peace gives life to the body, but envy rots the bone.” This verse really influenced me. I interpreted it that when you’re feeling peace, and at peace- your body is at peace. But when you feel jealous and envy, it rots you down to the bone.
It was a path that was not really a path. There was no man-made evidence that made it a path, nor a consistent heavy footfall that had created one. There was just gentle falling of leaves and shrubbery that seemed to beckon her to the desired route. As Alice walked along she noticed how she could, at best, see only ten or twelve steps in front of her at a time. This was partly due to the dim and gloomy light that only partially provided a vague picture of her surroundings, but also due to the path only having a very short stretch in front before snaking round a bend of trees restricting the route from Alice’s view.
Because it is a chorus of small children in their Sunday Best earnestly singing a Hungarian folksong to an audience of uncles, grandmothers, symphony orchestra clarinetists, and working cowgirls from Montana.
an advisor to Jesuit-trained 33rd Degree Freemason and Skull&Bones
Max Steiner The Life of Emile Zola
In a further echo, Maya has her own "Ain't I a woman?" moment later in the book, when Vus (yes, again) becomes irate (yes, again), this time at Maya getting a job. He says "You took a job without consulting me? Are you a man?" (p. 236). If Scather was a drinking woman*, she would be playing a drinking game whereby every time she felt like slapping Vus, she'd be drunk by now.
Have you ever wanted to build your own house? What would it look like?
I can't even even.
Log Home Buffet
I look down at my shirt. The badge very clearly says "Sergeant" and there are two very shiny brass Sergeants stripes on my collar. I'm thinking "Now here's a Nobel Prize winner!"
The more you stay the same, the more they seem to change.
-Wörtwurst
Do You Like It
#3 signed up for T-ball.
I know visualizing and goal setting are very important, but it was then, that I experienced how great it could be. To be honest, I did not have goals for that day other than getting it over with (which is so bad because you should make something good out of every day).
The first thing I noticed in the film was that many of the early converts to Christianity were slaves and peasants. They despised higher learning and had no problem condemning all who thought differently from them. It reminded me of the modern tendency for conversion among the lower socio-economic classes. I noticed it as one of Jehovah’s Witnesses. Many of the people who would study and convert were typically people whose lifestyle wasn’t ideal. In fact the JW’s would call the preaching work a search for those “who are sighing and groaning over all the detestable things” (Ezekial 9:4). Who but the uneducated and impoverished would look for answers outside themselves and cheerfully anticipate the demise of everyone “better-off”?
Rank: 4
I don't know what you believe or where you are in your life. I don't know what you think will happen to you when you die. But I want you to know as simply as possible that there is a God and He loves you. Your life is worth living.
Neutral Tint
It's great to know that we have so many good options to fill our craft beer needs. We didn't even make it to Flat Branch and we still filled the evening with great beers.
of freshly cooked rice,
“And grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby ye are sealed unto the day of redemption.”
We always describe the storm in 1859 as the biggest space weather event. We know there were huge impacts on the telegraph, which suggests there would be similarly severe impacts on modern power grids. It’s hard to compare it to the 1989 event because of the changes in our technology.
"At the core of Foucault's picture of modern “disciplinary” society are three primary techniques of control: hierarchical observation, normalizing judgment, and the examination. To a great extent, control over people (power) can be achieved merely by observing them. So, for example, the tiered rows of seats in a stadium not only makes it easy for spectators to see but also for guards or security cameras to scan the audience. A perfect system of observation would allow one “guard” to see everything (a situation approximated, as we shall see, in Jeremy Bentham's Panopticon). But since this is not usually possible, there is a need for “relays” of observers, hierarchically ordered, through whom observed data passes from lower to higher levels." (source - Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosopy)
"Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious!!!"
But again, I was not there.
"Is dinner NEARLY ready, Gran?"She finds things to keep him busy, but they are really waiting for the others -- Jay Jay's aunts and uncles, cousins and friends, Mama and Daddy -- to get there. When they arrive, Jay Jay says:
Don’t be fooled, though. When you get what someone else thinks you want…or what they want to give you…you aren’t always getting what YOU want. Or even need. You’re being taught that your desires don’t matter.
Even humans have a hard time recognizing what they don’t expect to see. When I worked at a bookshop in Seattle there was a homeless man named Mark who came in almost every night. We spent hours talking together but if I saw him on the street and called his name he’d flash a look of unrecollecting horror at me and run away. Later that same evening he’d step into the shop as amiable as ever without any memory of our earlier encounter.
When he got ready for bed, Dad would empty
'Please, Miss, is it for BRUSHING YOUR TEETH?'
George A. Larkins
“For the economy” does not justify White GENOCIDE
before walking away from the boy and pulling the blind man along with her.
Life Key: Don’t Stop, Get It, Get It!!
Fun finds, at Great prices today,,,I'm looking forward to MORE "Friday Finds" as the weather gets better!
* Balochistan's Missing People being trained in Afghanistan by RAW, Xe-Services
It seemed to be more of a food festival than a beer event. There were many food vendors lining both sides of the area, many of them producing large clouds of smoke from the charcoal braziers for grilled meats. At times, the smoke was quite thick and interfered with the beer experience.
I get asked this a lot and the answer I'd like to give is, you just know. The same question arises when one asks "How did you know he was the one," and the answer remains the same "you just know."
made, when the last link in the chain of events that defines the
Affairs are completely taboo. Those of us who have gone through one almost always do everything in our power to cover it up and try to move on with our healing. It’s such a touchy subject, especially in the Christian community. Now a-days (yes, even us Christians) it’s all about keeping up with the “Jones’s” and the Jones’s are pretty much perfect. Ya hearin’ me?
3:40-4:45 - After school tutoring with my 5 little lovelies. A little snack and math never hurt anyone! One of my kiddos past her 9's on her timed test, woohoo! A parent picked up their kid 15 minutes late so I had to wait.
COMPLETE DETECTIVE CASES in 1939
"You want me to walk you home?" he asked. I laughed at him.
The pork sits in a small tray like any other ingredient. A portion of pork was scooped out and placed on my sourdough, and then I was asked what kind of cheese I wanted. Cheese? What kind of cheese did I want? I was struck. If the bread is a slip-up, cheese is heresy. I try to remain open to all ideas but I cannot accept this. There is no cheese in a pulled pork sandwich, full stop. It doesn’t belong and it’s presence will only hurt the sandwich. I declined cheese, but who knows what everyone else is doing. By now I could have had BREAD and CHEESE, a ghastly pair to bring to a pulled pork sandwich. “So what?” you ask. ”Why not try it?” Because it won’t be any good. Because some questions
And ducks may founder and die
Reall, Mr. Hill? Really?
Traveling through a game reserve in Kenya, Kid falls asleep on a deflated air balloon. Upon waking up he finds out that the balloon is being inflated. Soon it takes off with Kid trapped on top. Game-warden Ralph Franklin and his daughter Lindy are traveling to investigate strange goings-on at the Cetswayo Water-hole where many animals are falling sick. Kid tries crawling down the side to reach the basket and rips the material with his sharp finger nails. The balloon crashes and the three of them continue on foot. They arrive at the water hole and find dozens of sick animals. Ralph carries out some tests on the animals and they seem to be suffering from water poisoning. A friendly lizard tells Kid that a strange object is often seen on shores of the lake at midnight. That night Kid spies a strange machine in the shape of a flying saucer. Camouflaged, he crawls on the glass roof and sees two men inside. The machine is about to submerge and Kid’s hand is stuck. Left with no other choice Kid bangs on the glass to attract the attention of the men inside the submarine. The men capture Kid and take him to a building at the bottom of the lake. Inside Kid meets Jim Latchett, the boss. He and his cronies are after sapphires down there. They’ve been breaking up the lake-bed rock with special acid and collecting loads of the precious stone in the submarine. Kid realises that the acid is poisoning water and making animals sick and threatens to tell Franklin about their deeds. Jim Latchett pulls out his gun but the wonder-boy sneaks though the emergency airlock and escapes from the building into the surrounding waters. When Kid gets to the shore, he tells everything to Ralph Franklin and his daughter. The amphibious submarine suddenly emerges from the lake and tries to make a getaway but Kid has a plan how to catch wicked Latchett. He sews up the hole in the
Ah, but then we take a gloomy turn, for why should he care from beyond the grave how grand things are? “What’s it to me?” he asks before shifting to the romantic notion of sharing a corpse worm with his beloved. Think I’ll try that line out on the wife.
Parliamentary candidates do not represent you, as was originally intended, they represent the policies of their party leaders
The Federal Reserve From Creation in 1913 To Destruction in 2013
So, the surprise on my face was palpable when my Sprite was handed to me in a measly twenty-ounce container.
“Okay, now, go and make Wudhu. I brought a musallah for both of us. And a compass. Among other things.” He winked. And my pulse tripped over itself.
Grahamstown, South Africa:
Right, because a maid would be better than Barbara Carrera.
Lastly, I found these two dresses that I immediately fell in love with.
I really wanted to attend one of the district celebrations of farmers – they give awards for Best Farmer (and for all different crops and husbandry) and best extension agents (government agricultural workers that support farmers), there are cultural dances and music, and you can’t forget the official speeches. Working at the Regional Office in Tamale now, I was lucky enough to find out that there was an extra spot in the vehicle going to Chereponi for the Regional Farmer’s Day celebration in the morning. I jumped at the chance!
I just can not gush enough about this wonderful, amazing, heart-felt story.
and a hand to hold if you need it.
Once out in the sun, we were warm enough, as long as the wind did not blow and we were directly in the sun, so we sat on a bench, in the full sunlight and People Watched.
One of my arguments against online dating is that it encourages viewing people as a commodity. It's the Walmart Syndrome:
Today's card is FIVE challenges combined!!! I'm running out of time to complete all the Dare to Get Dirty challenges, so I've combined Betty's, Laurie's, Jami's, Carolina's and Deb's!!!! The title of the post is taken from Jami's Blue challenge.
"Do NOT be waking me up with a blow job tonight I need to sleep" ( I decided this one was gay).
What we really shared was simply a love of quiet. We could spend hours in each others company not saying anything of consequence. Our walks were usually in quiet reverence, enjoying the peace that was around us. Looking back, we each simply accepted the other exactly as we were, made no demands and were the others solace and strength in many respects.
May 4
This week was the most healthy the shin has felt in over a year. More on that here. The goal/hope for the rest of April will just be to basically repeat this past week, but with maybe mixing in more real running on the uphills (I feel like I've lost some strength/efficiency there). There's no need for an increase in volume. Especially not an increase in vert.
Why we should be more like animals…
I fell in love with the colours, and I happen to love Acquilega too.
What a little moonlight can do to you.
In junior high school there was this kid who was in a lot of my classes. He was one of those kids that never really seems to fit in anywhere. And we tortured him.
That mutated Ethiopian sound returns with a vengeance in “The Kingdom of Izzness”; I have no idea what this spooky song is about, but you probably ought to take Dr. John seriously when he starts out a tune with “Better move fast and better travel light/ Don’t let nothin’ pass when you’re in the night.”
The spotlight performance was by an award-winning dance group. This group has traveled the world doing what it does best. Not only is the group significant in the dance world, but one of its members is widely acclaimed and highly honored on his own merit. Richard “Steelo” Vazquez was a professional dancer, choreographer, actor, and performance artist. In the twinkling of an eye, he suffered the rupture of a brain aneurysm. For weeks, it was a life-threatening situation but now after almost a year of intense rehabilitation, he made his first public performance as a dancer. His movements were different, relying as much on his thought processes as his physical strength. Yet his return to the stage was with the same grace and beauty that drove the professional career he once had, for his grace and beauty comes from the heart. He is a display of grace and beauty beyond the music, the dance, the costumes and the words.
When the mushrooms look glossy and start to shrink add the garlic. Let that heat through until it smells even more amazing then add the herbs. Turn the heat to low and just let everything heat through together. The mushrooms should be dark now and pretty soft.
Join us for a keynote speech from graduate Maurine Isaacson, a University of Alaska Fairbanks student graduating with a bachelor’s of business administration, and a message from our alumna speaker Sarah Obed, currently serving as Doyon, Limited’s government relations director. We’ll also recognize all of our 2012 graduates, and light refreshments will be served.
In each city will conduct 3 days workshop for young people from : Jenin refugee camp, Jalazoun refugee camp, Al Amari camp, Qadora refugee camp and Balata Refugee camp
The Mountaineer was founded in 1939, and is family owned and operated. The rooms are very cheap (under $50 a night), and you basically get what you pay for. But the place has a homey charm and the woodsy architecture has an appeal that harkens back to the postwar way of American family vacationing.
Well as the title of this post suggests I do like to be beside the seaside, but not in Britain at the moment with this continuous rain and cold! So dreaming of warmer days and flicking through the current issue of Crafts Beautiful magazine where there was a similar project I was inspired to make this card.
That's right - this is your advance warning:
Michael Jackson’s body is not to be cremated or buried. It's to be recycled into grocery bags. That way he can continue to be white, plastic and dangerous for kids to play with.
3) "All religion's true" sounds like a nice sentiment -- until you think about it for five seconds. And I got just three words for ya on that topic: Westboro Baptist Church.
2010.08.16 Iraq Muqdadiya 4 9 Four Iranian pilgrims on a bus are targeted and killed by Sunni bombers. Women and children are among the victims.
When Elstner turned on the lights he discovered a trapped and frightened bat, zooming around. ”As it passed by my head a fourth time at light speed, it managed to piss on my right eye.”
Next time we have an ice storm, I might get a ride with someone. Or cancel a few more classes. But all in all I appreciate the experience, I suppose. Can't say I enjoyed it, but I appreciate it.
356 **10. “Shakespeare’s Falstaff: A Socratic Survey,” Greek Star, Chicago, Illinois, December 12, 2002, p. 5, December 19, 2002, p. 10. (Source: Item D-IV/13/1997,below.)
And now, I can get back to my normal balancing act, with a few fun things thrown in for me, too. Like blogging.
It might seem like everything has already been invented or that lawn cutting is the only option for the young entrepreneur. However, the Internet, the smartphone, and now the tablet, combined with social media, might just be the thing that will give us a whole new set of opportunities – in fact, it already has.
I didn't really want to wrestle with him, anyway.
In a tweet the SDO mission described the sunspot as a ‘monster’ and predicted that a huge solar flare – or coronal mass ejection – could erupt as a result, meaning the Earth would be hosed by radiation travelling at up to 5million mph.
Anyway, I did a 10 mile ride today on the West State Street Section of the trail. Lovely as usual, and i got to see several more miles of the bikepath that i have not yet expereinced. I had to take a couple breaks and am not very fast but really enjoyed just being outside. It actually helped my headache as the silence is ablsolutely perfect for me. There were other people on the trail but not a lot. Lovely day, great ride, thank goodness drugs make me feel better. LOL
Good, brain work.... figuring out how to direct the dogs with our body language.... funny how our bodies rarely do what our brains tell them to do when we are learning something new. Ya watch and think it looks simple enough... til you try it and discover it's not quite so easy.... like pattin your head and rubbin your belly while chewin gum and walkin down the street.
That made us feel so small?
Unique…
Have questions about participating in blood drives in 2012? Please reach out to Carmen Cervantes at LifeSourse at 847-323-6699 or ccervantes@itxm.org. Let’s try harder in 2012 to help save lives.
Week 7 of the competition is not for beginners and novices. Fierce spirits and sharpened skills define who stays in and who goes home. Injuries are multiple; twists and turns are rapid. No one is safe from elimination; no one is assured victory. The professionals dance with grace and beauty. Their body movements come naturally. Their thought processes are automatic, taking them from hold to movement with perfect transition. The amateurs are stepping into that place where grace and beauty are one. Their body movements are easier now. Their thought processes are less forced and foreign now, taking them through their routine with ease of familiarity and joy of accomplishment. The judges are more kind with their remarks and criticisms than before. Words of encouragement and praise overshadow the harshness of reality. Grace and beauty adorn the stage–in music, in dance, in costume and in words.
Tanith Lee – Letters From A Tower
I have no grand plans for this person, we will probably stay in touch 'cause it was a fun night... It was enjoyable in the moment. I don't need for it to be anything else.
Tockwith
They grew up. Barely. One surviving the trauma of their childhood, the other one swallowed whole by it.
I used to see the moon and the stars
Actually more often than not, scheduling data can be accessed directly from previously entered data that is used for other functions within the database. Thus eliminating the need to “double enter” information.
The European Central Bank has chipped in with $1 trillion worth of euros.
After my divorce was final Belle, and I started to date and have been together ever since (Going On 12yrs) during these past 11yrs she has been a very patient wife, because of the past events with women I couldn’t trust her and I started to believe Women didn’t deserve to have feelings and this affect our relationship but she kept going to the lord requesting for Him to soften my heart… God, Heard Her prayers and God, used my dads death which I spent 4 years in a dark place due to hatred I had towards my dad all the way up to his last breath, After he died I turned that hatred on my self, Belle, still stuck by side showing her love and patience even though I would wear it thin at times…
“You need some help there?”
The bottom of the suitcase serves as storage for my daughter's doll and all of her clothes, so the floor will hide this space during playtime.
Upcoming elections in Greece and France may have the market a bit on hold. Could be a rough start to the month. Report from CNBC is saying that hedge funds are starting to short the core of Europe. Less volatility enables them to keep trades on longer. Volatility has been the story for investors the last few years. Nothing hurts more than being right and getting stopped out and selling your position due to the volatility in the market. A tough stomach is needed to ride things out. Watch the core and the voting booth. Trading range is still in place 1350-1400 on the S&P. See if bulls can push the ball over the line. Timing may not be in place. The Hamptons are calling.
So this one was pretty fantastic. Mono playing Holy Ground with a 23 piece orchestra was something I thought I wouldn't get a chance to see but Melbourne Festival made it happen. Really thankful for that. The performance is exactly how you'd expect if you've heard the album but seeing it live is something else. Much more powerful.
**** Exemption also applies to passport holders of India, Thailand, Vietnam and Indonesia.
Okinawa has long served as home to a sizeable US military force conditioned and trained to act as a quick reaction force capable of responding to any credible military threat in the region. For many years the US focus was on blunting Cold War Soviet Union aspirations of encroachment in the Pacific. These forces also represent a key deterrent to prevent a repeat of North Korea’s 1950 invasion of the South.
I've never owned any of these songs, so I have no idea why they're coming to me, but I'm grateful. Their inspiring and affirming choruses have been drifting into my consciousness, lending me a little boost, I think. Thank goodness! Plus I'm a sucker for a good beat. (Does anyone else out there remember American Bandstand?)
The best (okay not ‘best’, but) most tolerable part about all this is: showering! :) and then blow-drying one’s hair while standing completely naked and dripping wet, for like twenty minutes (because that’s how long my hair takes to dry). Can’t pat or towel it dry, because one (I’m using ‘one’ to substitute with ‘I’) has boils and blisters on one’s scalp! And it hurts to pat or towel it dry.
That being said, let’s talk about something more interesting than poor excuses for not updating
Without a question in my mind: Shatterglass is the best of the Circle Opens series by Tamora Pierce. Sure it follows the same general trend as the other three books: member of the Circle discovers student, who they must instruct, then a crime occurs and they must help to solve the problem. But for some reason this one is different.
Mr. BOTTOMLEY asked the Prime Minister whether, in view of the fact that Wednesday, 5th June, is the anniversary of the birth of Adam Smith, the founder of the science of political economy, upon which the policy of Free Trade is said to be based, he will consider the question of extending the Whitsun Adjournment for two days beyond the date announced, in order that Members of the House may be afforded an opportunity of celebrating the festival in such manner as they may deem most appropriate?
Sunburnt air kisses,
3. Policing of transience
Then when I sensed that we were both close to climax I let him slip out of me and turned around and maneuvered myself into the 69 position with me on top. I went down on him lightly at first, my lips kissing along the shaft of his penis like butterfly wings and then teasing the tip of his glans with my toungue. He responded in kind, kissing and licking gently all around my clit while his hands were all over my breasts, pinching and kneading my nipples. He was playing me like a musical instrument, making me sing, making me quiver, making me want more.
“I knew I wanted to work with Susan immediately becauase she actually listened to our needs, and gave sound, practical advice and information without a sales pitch. I would recommend her to anyone. She was absolutely helpful and made the whole thing easy and painless. I didn’t worry about anything as long as she was working on it.”
Do you use a mix of inks or do you tend to stick to one brand?
Firstly, I'd like to thank all 45 of you who entered my giveaway and participated in the Autism Awareness Giveaway Hop, and say hi to my new followers! You are always greatly appreciated! :-)
A little over a week and a half ago, apparently, some cat by the name of Dan Simpson launched another one of those ban-all-the-guns screeds that are so poignant and quaint because they're so out of touch with on-the-ground political realities. He goes on with the usual blatherskite and folderol of "too many guns" and "Stand Your Ground is a license to kill" and blood in the streets, yadda yadda.
What is a Codec ?
And yeah, okay, I love this bag too. I technically did not need the pretty bag above (did I mention how pretty it is?). This bag would have served us perfectly on its own. It did not need backup in the slightest. It's crazy high quality (like, the highest quality diaper bag I've ever seen), looks cool, and can easily be used after the kid is out of diapers. My brother wants one for his discs when he plays the sport of stoners everywhere - disc golf. Or "frolf," as he calls it, which I hate because it sounds like some species out of "The Lord of the Rings." The strap is insanely comfortable to wear. Plus, the two side insulated bottle pockets are large enough to hold a bottle of wine. MOMMY NEEDS HER WINE. And, importantly, it's very guy-friendly. I couldn't imagine asking my husband to carry around a girly printed bag or a bag that looks like a purse. My only complaints would be that there should be a pocket on the flap of the messenger one (wasted space!) and there's a sort of weird divider in the inside that's kind of adjustable but kind of not. Neither of those things are deal breakers and I know they're coming out with versions 2.0 in the fall (cause the founder and I are tight like sistahs) (read: I messaged her on Facebook) and I have a feeling those issues are going to be addressed. You can get it on Amazon for slightly cheaper than their site, but even better it often pops up on those deal sites like Gilt or Zulily, so watch there. That's why it pays to start stocking up on baby stuff early. SAVE YOURSELF SOME CASH (see: vacation above). And yeah, okay, you can also save some cash by not buying two diaper bags. Sigh again.
This is how the Muse looked when they last met....maybe the lady should check Facebook, for sure she is whiling away time with those mindless games or the news rooms where she is flirting with the big boys.
to the kids), and the crafts are much more simple (mostly because the age-group
hard plastic, netted with arteries and veins and scabrous with
12- Dark Matter
Bridge and Tunnel really good punk/post hardcore that gets stuck in your head for days. Great music with fantastically unique vocals. I could use a lot of other platitudes here and as true as they might be, you should really listen to their music and decide for yourself.
A surreal tribal line art styled wolf spirit.
I miss him. I miss everything about him. More importantly, I miss us. Him and I. Leia and Chewy.
May 3rd through 5th
So that's what's shaking around these parts. Can't wait to see all the Before and Afters linked for this Met Monday!
Despite the fact that a number of individuals put on stilettos and strappy shoes during the entire year, it is more recommended to wear boots during winter and then open shoes during summer. In the long run, all your daring clothes arise during the season of summer. Do not forget about the season and as well the environment whenever you buy shoes online.
Now for Resolution number 2, not waiting anymore. Well, I took a step towards that this weekend too. I was able to go to Lowe's, buy 6 pieces of 2"x8"x8' lumber, some 3 1/2" deck screws and then turn them into my first raised garden beds for my Square Foot Garden! I'm so excited! I was able to make the first three of nine 4'x4' boxes for my vegetable garden. I'm also going to have two 3'x5' boxes in the vegetable garden too, but those boxes are going to be 12" high so I can grow potatoes, onions, and garlic. Any time a get a chance, I'll get a few more pieces of lumber, make them into boxes until I have all the boxes I want and/or need. No more waiting on someone to make them for me.
bare a child they are both doing well
our caravan, truck and yurt.
fine brittle hair
This might be it. I might be done.
09. Noise Control – Operation S.B. (5:18)
and pitched a tent where I could feel the sky.
#100: WMU Concerto Competition Recital. Of the entire music school at Western Michigan University, only three soloists are selected to perform a concerto (backed up by the orchestra) as part of the annual concert. And Ishtar was one of them! Since I’d heard him practice the Sibelius Violin Concerto for almost a year now, I was excited to hear it with the other instruments added in. Although, the best part of the concert for me was overhearing a bunch of old men behind me, who apparently knew everything about Ishtar’s life history (and even some made up parts like “I hear he had a really rough life” … hahah, puh-leaze). Back on track: Ishtar was absolutely phenomenal, and it was also nice to see my Kalamazoo friends again! I wish I had a video, but I only have this picture, which I stole from Facebook.
... whole stuffed birds!
I was a child growing up in the early 80's. I lived in bright tracksuits and red leg warmers with reindeers on, and tried my best to keep up with the the craze of Roller skating - which was tough as i could not roller skate, many a grazed knee.
Ultimately, these many variations of the same opiate and other brain-function-manipulation derivatives are all relieving a collective illness; a mental malfunction that is in truth shared by all of us, and whose symptoms vary in infinitely varying ways. And when I look around at what society has become, the need for Soma in these many fractional forms becomes apparent – a similar variance for each reactionary, societal illness…
It took us about two hours to decide whether we should put the tent on the bad grass but under a tree for shade, or on good soft grass but out in the open sun. In the end we had taken so long that the tree no longer offered suitable shade but we went for the bad ground anyway since we had managed to unpack the bike while looking for our books to read while we decided and we couldn't be bothered moving everything. Such is the workings of the brain when the weather is hot.
For police officers accustomed to hauling armed robbers out of Alexandra, it was an unusual mission: track down and arrest two domestic workers hiding out in Hillbrow.
“Here north of Lubbock we’re cotton & grain so we can move easily how much we plant of cotton, corn and sorghum. I’ll be planting more cotton and expect that as you move north toward Amarillo there will be a greater movement into cotton,” Evans said. The winter provided good moisture on the High Plains and good weather now has lots of people doing field work. He adds that he looks forward to seeing more producers next week at the Plains Cotton Growers annual meeting.
30-something: I couldn’t find anything at the mall today.
If you would've told me over 13 years ago we wouldn't be together, I would've laughed myself silly. For whatever the reasons are, how it broke down, whose fault it was, I'll never truly know. I was too busy raising two children for the last 7 of them. They're my world and my focus 100% of the time now.
However, I do think that if you want to “win” after a breakup (if winning is really important), you need to move on and genuinely be happy. If your ex wants to rub in your face how successful they are or how great their current relationship is, then be happy for them. Because the best revenge is no revenge at all.
The polka dot dp is from Echo Park. The red velvet ribbon is from Michaels. The pearls are from Recollections. The butterfly is a sticker that came from my stash.
"No money was given to Build prior to the community-benefits agreement. What they're supposed to do is begin outreach and job training so that people are ready to apply for these jobs when they become available. If you are going to commit to programs that otherwise don't exist, you have to find the funding for those programs - or at least a big chunk of that funding," he said. "Forest City Ratner Company believes firmly that supporting nonprofits and community groups, and working with them to identify and address needs, is at the foundation of what they do. It's that simple."
I felt sympathy for Kyra, and sometimes I wondered why in the world she did some of the things she had done.
DAY 17– Love Promotes Intimacy
So, a mystery was cleared.
Now I may be biased toward this style of play -- I love it when players haggle, negotiate, and diplomacize their way through adventures -- and that bias may account for my particular love of this module. But more than simply giving the novice D&D group a chance to act diplomatically, Moldvay here outlines how that might work in game terms, providing die roll based mechanics for negotiating with the Cynidicean factions and suggesting some broad story arcs that could result from the players allying themselves with one group or another. I have never seen such a succinct and easy-to-follow primer for this type of more nuanced D&D play. The module caps this off with some suggestions for expanding the adventure, providing the DM with sparse sketches of unkeyed areas, and concluding with a list of ideas for "endgames" based around a longer Cynidicean campaign.
Monday (all day): All American Mondays featuring $7 pitchers of McCoy's/Bud/Coors, $1 off all micro-bottles as well as $6 nachos & $6 sliders.
I suggest for visitors to go to the bell tower (of course, with the permission of the authorities). It can be accessed by entering the stairs on the left side. This then leads to the choir loft. From there, another stair, this time narrower. Be careful because there are lots of bats here – they can bite and poop on you. Bats made the tower their home. From up here one could appreciate the town’s beauty – a beauty fast diminishing in our homeland.
Wednesday morning at work I had an almost two-hour conference call, and my cell phone rang in the middle of it. I knew it was one of my parents and sat there anxiously waiting to call them back. Something was up with Beau.
Start by putting all the nuts, fruits, spices and butter into a small pan and add the water. Cover and bring to the boil.
I was very proud of Savanah on our ride. She was bareback (she's so warm and comfy I can't resist) and I aasked her to lengthen, shorten, lengthen and shorten her canter down an open stretch and she did it perfectly! Twice! This is a challenge as she loves to go forward and an open beach on a crisp Nov. day brings out the 'go go go' in her, but she stayed perfectly on the aids and responded brilliantly. We're so lucky to have a safe, sensitive, forward horse like her.
3. Switch off the heat and puree half the soup – I use a hand-held blender, and I puree the soup partially. Return to the heat (medium-low) and pour the eggs into the soup in a thin stream, while stirring constantly. Add the soy sauce, sesame oil and mirin, and add salt and pepper to taste.
Now consider the real value of so many of the popular images we see all over the internet. I really do not understand why these 'fad' pictures attract so much attention. What do I mean?
i'll be selling some clothes! wooooottt!!
They haven’t changed anything in the church but they reconstructed areas keeping the old design in mind. The original church was built in the early 1600′s but was later transferred due to frequent flooding in 1800 (taking the town with it). The present church was finished in mid 1800′s and like all the other churches in islands, suffered some damaged during the great earthquake of 1880–the bell tower collapsed and had to be rebuilt — a certain Fray Lope, reconstructed the tower.
Romans 1:20 For since the creation of the world God's invisible qualities - his eternal power and divine nature - have been clearly seen, being understood from what has been made, so that men are without excuse NIV
Look at the poor man and he will be desolate, impoverished and malnourished, but he will seek some solace in saying to himself that he would be happy if he only had some money. But, if we look at this next man, the man who has the money that the poor man desires, he is not content either and he thinks that if he could have even more money and be able to afford the luxuries of life, then he would be truly happy. So lastly, we look at the man who has more money than either of the two other men could even imagine, enough money to materialise any earthly desire he might have. This man isn’t happy either, but he has nothing to blame his unhappiness on, he can never say he would only be happy if he had a little more. This phenomenon is not unique to financial wealth, it can be observed in anything that someone has more of than someone else, Bertrand Russell thought humans fundamentally desired power, Karl Mark thought it was money and Sigmund Freud, sex.
There is reason to think the race in 2012 for this seat will be entirely different. Redistricting added 9 1/2 counties to this district, while taking other southern districts away. The Cook PVI (percentage registration belonging to each party within the district) has not significantly changed, and it remains a slight Republican advantage.
loves to give kisses!
Same day, post inspection, just as I'm finishing dinner prep, phone rings.
It makes me very passionate.
My images are from the two new March sets: To The Future and Graduates. I stamped the hats (Graduates) and sentiment (To The Future) in Sour Apple ink on Sweet Tooth cardstock. After cutting out the sentiment with my Spellbinders die cut, I sponged the edges with Sour Apple and Sno Cone inks. I scored three lines across the bottom of the front panel using my Scor-Pal, and cut some pennants out of DP stash. The white double-faced satin ribbon is from Really Reasonable Ribbon.
No one watching the coverage of the revolutions in Tunisia, Egypt and other countries could help but recall images of the first Palestinian intifada — young boys standing in front of armored vehicles, unarmed and defiant. But jumping from emotional connections and imagery of popular uprisings to assuming that a wave of revolution would sweep Palestine displays the application of an outdated analysis to both what will spark a “third intifada” and what it will look like.
The waiter, saying with a pained expression, when I payed a 13.50-pesos bill with a 20 pesos banknote: ´Have you really got no change?´ (a 20 pesos banknote, mind you; it´s not like I wanted to pay one beer with a 100 pesos banknote - which an American tourist at the next table did; and since he spoke no Spanish, the waiter didn´t have a choice and coughed up the change!) ´None at all, I am so sorry´says I, careful not to jingle the 1 and half peso coins in my wallet. ´Ah... all right then...´ he sighs, handing out the change he had had all along, of course.
Chinese chives (uncut)
Thomas Aquinas
4. Chop up the potato and cook it and keep aside. Puree the tomato and keep ready.
God loves you and he needs money.
Let me know what you think about this in the comments.
This pineal gland, also known as our third eye, has been cherished throughout history in ancient cultures. Artwork from Sumeria, to the Mayans and even Egyptian pyramids glorified this magickal gland. We call it “pineal” which derives from “pinecone” and that’s exactly how it looks in the center of our brains. In fact, this gland has all of the inner components of your seeing eyes and may very well be responsible for the visions you have while dreaming. It is filled with fluid, and the balance or imbalance of this fluid is used to detect brain tumors on brain scans. The Hindu Bindi is a decorative gem worn over the third eye, and we still see this all the time in our current society. For those who celebrate the Hindu religion, this pineal gland, or 6th chakra, represents the manifestation of stored energy or Kundalini energy. It’s hidden sacred knowledge. Knowledge from within that culminates when the connection is made through all of the lower chakras. This makes me think of an activated pineal gland as a gift of inner-sight that is rewarded to those who make those connections. We know it’s something desired by many today. Just look at the American dollar bill and you’ll see the third eye symbolism atop a depiction of a pyramid. The Pope carries a pinecone atop his staff and his house, the Vatican, is chock-full of pine cone symbolism and god/goddess relics that one would assume would be hard to find in a Cristian haven. Pinecones are everywhere loves. From corporate logos to religious art to money money money money. And if this post was solely about our pineal glands I could go on forever about how intentional that is.
People from a wide variety of faith groups came together at Coral Springs Charter School on May 3 to celebrate the National Day of Prayer.
Dear George Clooney takes place in the same universe as Nielsen’s previous novel, Word Nerd. Cosmo, Amanda and Ambrose all make appearances. If you liked this book, definitely check out Word Nerd it is as charming and quirky but even funnier.
"Plant Profile: Trumpet Vine - Orlando Sentinel." Featured Articles From The Orlando Sentinel. 20 June 2010. Web. 05 Nov. 2011: http://articles.orlandosentinel.com/2010-06-20/features/os-maccubbin-plant-profile-trumpet-vi20100620_1_campsis-radicans-trumpet-vine-rampant-grower.
The Crafty Ribbons lorry... probably one of the largest wrapped parcels ever. If you see us out and about, give us a wave!
Now, I am not quite of the older generation, but I am getting close to that stage, so I thought to myself that I really don't know stories beyond my own grandparents live's as they related to me. This family tree goes pretty deep and well, it would be a shame to miss out on stories that someone still remembers.
Caribbean Splash, the internet and an awaking sense of citizen power
This metaphor of being invited to the table makes me feel like I am still at the kids’ table. I may be in leadership over everyone else at that table, but I am still considered “a kid.” Even if I’m invited to sit at the adults’ table, I’m not really one of them. I’m just a kid with a new seat, closer to the mashed potatoes.
The event will feature a guest speaker: Dr Nobuko Anan (Northumbria University) – “Dr Anan’s main research interests are modern and contemporary Japanese theatre/performance and visual arts, and the way that they intersect with nationhood and gender/sexuality in transnational contexts.”
So is also not humiliation like to force the accused to wear clothes that make the acussed appear in a more stigmatized way.
1. Is it unique to my child? Does it show her personality off?
We suspect euro denominated deposits in the periphery are being exchanged for the same in the stronger core countries, alleviating much of the pressure that might otherwise mount on the exchange rate. No doubt some leaks out of the eurozone into the Swissie, the dollar, or, the Scandinavian currencies. The situation in Europe is somewhat similar to a U.S. saver moving his/her savings from say Downey Savings to JP Morgan as the housing crisis began to accelerate.
You talk with your eyebrows.
pierced the thickening dawn
½ t kosher salt
- How do you know? I asked. Did you hear it squeak or growl or something?
And indoors there were lots of handmade goodies to see, though I did not dare take photos. On the way home we stopped at a garden centre and I sneaked a photo of my this cutie......... my current obsession ,owls....this is a tape measure, you pull out its right wing ....eeek.....so cute :0).....
http://www.craftypint.com.au/ For everything from new beer news and venue and event listing to the musical and lighter side of beer. You might even end up ‘going on a march’. You never know.
at dawn, when the moon is setting and the sun is rising. Before we
We walked out of the Dr's surgery yesterday. We wandered across the road and into the opshop. I had a look around, let Baden chose a car to go with his growing collection and was about to walk out when I spotted it.
Copy + Paste the letter below & send it to the following email addresses.
With regard to what, three years from now, will you look back ((at RIGHT NOW)) and say, “I should have been doing X back in 2012″?
Push the tip gently through the top and almost to the bottom of a cupcake and squeeze in the strawberry mixture until the cupcake plumps but before it cracks.
You can also join me at Paperific on the (27th, 28th and 29th August) for a 2 Hour Colouring with Copic Class. Click Here for more information or to book your spot!
“And they are not nearly as fast as a car.”
ACOG Committee Opinion. Exercise during pregnancy and the postpartum period. N° 267. Obstet Gynecol 2002; 99: 171-173.
For Jesus there will be an actual cave, and a literal visit to the underworld. That journey which so many heroes took in the Greek myths, Jesus did in reality. According to 1 Peter 3.19-20 he went to the underworld for three days and preached to the spirits of the unsaved. But that is still ahead. First he must face
The interior was fairly well-lit by the large cracked picture window that had at some point (and for reasons I never discovered) been painted over but was now badly peeling. The first thing I noticed was how the previous occupants had apparently plastered draft-holes in the walls with what appeared to be old newspaper. Closer inspection proved my initial assumption to be true, and I discovered the dates on the newspapers went as far back as the early 1930s.
A buying and delivery service for residents of Halifax, Dartmouh, Truro, Moncton, Fredericton, Saint John, PEI and St John's NFLD. Brilliant if you ask me! They will pick up whatever you want from the Ottawa Ikea location (largest in Canada) at a charge of 20% of total order before taxes.
The Ember of Azzinoth is NOT a good raider. Halfway through the gauntlet, the Ember spawned. Pets that were not strictly player-controlled were still kind of idiotic then, and a randomly spawned pet? Even worse. He took his big, glowy butt right into the middle of the ghosts and killed us all.
We got to Cracker Barrel early to beat the crowds and was lucky enough not to have to wait. We were immediately seated and didn't have to wait long to be served our traditional Thanksgiving dish of Turkey and Dressing with all the fixings.
So why now, why leak this photo of Wood now? The Grassy Knoll Institute investigators believe they have uncovered the truth. Natalie Wood seized the opportunity and faked her own death to get back at her alleged cheating husband Robert Wagner. Before Woods new movie began with Walken, she hired a private investigator to follow her husband as she suspected him of sleeping around with younger starlets.
John Heartfield (1 gravure, 1932)
Sanctions for students who haven’t paid fees or fines – need to avoid locking students out of the VLE because that also prevents them from submitting assessed work.
Massages. There would be so many massages.
Ornament #1
But watching the tawdry trial of John Edwards playing out in a North Carolina, one cannot help but to question the integrity of all the players involved. There are no winners here but the losers surely would have been the public had this man achieved the goal of POTUS. For awhile there he was a “contender”.
Level 7: Mastery: +59%, Weapon ATT: +7, Minimum Critical Damage: +4%.
"Alright, what's this about."
SFMOMA followed their show on the Stein family collections with a huge, boring exhibit of black on black "drawings" by Richard Serra. The main thing on view in that exhibit was ego.
1 countryside
I am pleased with how my bike riding is going, my back is hanging in there,loving my new bike to bits. I haven't been doing much other exercise though, a few arm weights at the gym, so really need to start up my walks again-stopped over summer.
I had her hair so cute this day. I had two braids on each side leading back to one big ponytail. She ripped one of the braids out before we even pulled out of the driveway to go to school. Mommy was not happy!Modeling the San Francisco shirts we got them while on vacation. Feeding the goats.Petting the horses.Will loves drawing mazes these days.Playing at the Relay for LifePlaying catch – maybe for the first time ever with a real ball and glove.Go Martha Go!Lindy was busting a move!Lindy decided Pat was sick and she gave her a very thorough examination. She just happened to be carrying a flashlight in her purse! Will worked and worked at the hula hoop and was actually doing it a little by the time we left. Church clothes on Sunday.This is when I told them NOT to smile. Impossible!
While behavioral targeting can be critical, the more data you have on the consumer, the better picture you can draw. “We tend to want to simplify and specify and people are outstanding at having simultaneous identities,” said Wing’s Mr. Speyer.
Saucy Sal - A Sailor's Tale
Moses was a chosen vessel of God and see what happened when they questioned his authority as we see in Numbers 12:2. “And they said, Hath the Lord indeed spoken only by Moses? Hath he not spoken also by us? And the Lord heard it.” You can see God’s reaction in verse 9. “And the anger of the Lord was kindled against them; and he departed.”
I like reading. And since finding the Nerdy Book Club, I’ve been reading more voraciously than I ever have in my life. But why do I read? It’s not an escape. It’s not for the stories (though the stories are often so, so wonderful). It’s not even for fun.
or left to grow cobwebs, plastic flowers darkened with dust and broken stained glass windows.
There is always another one walking beside you
Some locals would say that’s a bit high. I didn’t hesitate. If you figure the exchange rate, that comes to approximately ten dollars for one hundred tostadas. Hand made. One by one. Tirelessly cooked over a fire with the firewood she gathers from throughout the pueblo and it’s foothills to haul home.
P.S. And don’t forget your road map!
“Maybe the prize didn’t exist at all. I mean, who the hell would take them up on it? The whole thing was about getting on the telly, and society’s mushrooming obsession with fame. I couldn’t see any of the contestants swapping their cushy jobs for 16 hours a day of back-breaking toil on a wage just enough to keep them alive. Not if there weren’t any cameras about anyway."
In terms of aviation, when almost all transport is presently airborne – people, freight, goods and services – it is understandable that Eyjafjallajökull’s blasting through its surface glacier and spewing dust and ash into the airlanes should cause concern. Health and safety have become buzzwords in industry: the natural reaction for air traffic regulators was to close everything down. So soon after Easter, when many were starting to enjoy the prospect of spring following a very hard winter, holiday travel numbers were high and planes fully booked.
**Go to the site where they offer free digital stamps....I've created a link to each of the Blogs above. Just click on the Blog name.
They dont like my jeans, they don't get my hair
That single, “Saturday Night” would be their first and biggest US hit, rising to #1 on the Billboard Charts.
Whenever I load the kids into the van to go somewhere, he stands at the gate crowing at us, his fathers fluffed up to make him appear bigger and scarier (I think he just looks like one of the fat biddies on my Fluffy Birds game). If one of us heads into the garden, out to the play yard, or anywhere he deems his territory, he comes running--a crowing, fluffy bird-ball, that, I will admit, gets my pulse racing when no fence separates us.
The new knobs and pulls game in today's mail. They are antique copper... to match the old existing hinges. I am very pleased with them... and feel they help me deal with the paint better. We still need to put the hardware on the lower cabinets... Tony couldn't help me today because he has to go to work.
It looks very much as if Baker has based his IPA specification on Bass. Which I suppose isn't unreasonable. It's just that in London, brewers and drinkers had other ideas about what constituted an IPA. Which was the authentic IPA: London or Burton?
You can wear your project on Monday (the Monday after your weekend fabric shopping trip), 100 Points!
Our events sell out so quickly that oftentimes even our closest friends are not able to snag a ticket. So here's your opportunity to beat the mommy masses to the punch ("official" registration launches next week).... so don't delay!
It's still a work in progress as I figure out the right snacks for me. Overall, I'm very happy with the changes! My goal with the trainer is to lose a few percent body fat, and I think this will really help. Can't wait to see the end results!
What do you consider your strengths?
Let’s look at these definitions. The first would imply that you are writing a story that goes beyond ordinary limits–that surpasses or exceeds what stories normally do. Does this mean that it is just a really good story? or does it mean that it contains elements that are outside of the normal structure of storytelling.
Two years later, I left GTE to produce a telethon for United Cerebral Palsy Association. I wrote all of the segments for the five San Francisco Bay Area affiliates. At the time, I knew nothing about Cerebral Palsy, but it didn’t take me long to get up to speed. Five years later I owned my own writing business and was developing brochures, articles and videos about everything from the fastest motorboat on the planet (well, at least it was at the time) to a video series for Stanford University on Cardiac Recovery.
To hear my sissy playing the piano, my brother in law on the guitar, my mom on the violin, my grandparents dancing with linked arms, as the entire family surrounded the piano singing hymns and praises at our reunion!
The tole tray you can see underneath my camera bag... is just like the top section of this pretty folding tray... normally I would have a bunch of flowers or a potted plant sitting there... but, as I mentioned... no styling in this shot...
At least we now know what was bothering him this whole time, and even if it's no direct comfort it at least a relief, after almost 7 months, to not having to always be frustrated because there's no diagnosis to be made.
The Illest Chick Alive shirt is now available! TODAY ONLY..NGD is having a release day special.$15 a shirt!!
And ‘mid this tumult Kubla heard from afar
Here's an easy crash course for all you wonderful home decorators buying drapes.
Enoch told the House of Commons the consequences of immigration on 24 May, 1976: "Yet even though that picture is dark and darkening, there is one factor which has not yet been injected. I do not know whether it will be tomorrow, or next year, or in five years; but it will come. That factor is firearms and explosives. With communities which are so divided nothing can prevent the injection of explosives which we know perfectly well from experience in other parts of the United Kingdom and the world. At first there will be horrified astonishment, and inquiry as to what we have done wrong that such things should be happening. Then there will be feverish endeavour to find methods to allay the supposed grievances which lie behind the violence. Then follows exploitation by those who use violence of the ascendancy they have thus gained over the majority and over authority. The thing goes forward, acting and reacting, until a position is reached in which—I shall dare say it—compared with those areas, Belfast today will seem an enviable place."
One of our party had fallen a little ill and had been moved into the bedroom. So, when it came time to read my tribute, the entire party moved into the bedroom. The warmth and intimacy had a huge impact on the party goers; we were now sharing the couple's inner sanctum - their own bedroom - and to use Hellen's words, the event became a love fest.
This is a favorite summer recipe for the grill (but works just as well when sauteed). Wash and trim asparagus (its actually easier to just snap off the ends of the stalks with your fingers instead of trimming with a knife) and place in a large Ziploc bag or a bowl. Add the following for your marinade:
My mouth dropped open. I had been certain that my mild-mannered daddy would pack me off to the house and let me lick my wounds in the privacy of my bedroom. My mother, who had slipped in the barn and quietly parked herself on a hay bale, turned pale.
Please check out and follow my new blog!
Theresa Ferraro has been studying creative writing at SFCC in Terry Wilson’s class.
As they face kidnapping, underground cults, and other evils, can Marny trust the simple faith of a child and stand his ground against a power so twisted?
Sceptics too, it should be noted, may be found on the “left”. Here in NSW our State Treasurer Michael Costa (Labor) is a noted sceptic; even today he has been reported as advocating MORE coal-fired power stations… See State binge puts doubt on ALP climate policies.
Thanks for stopping by!!!
It is inevitable that Marcel will not be loved, because he is still approaching his darling in the most cack-handed way, sidling up to her with the intent of stirring her feelings. His own sensations are more important to him than the other human being. And he is as deluded as anyone else, about other people and his own motives. Later, he opines that lesbianism is so disgusting as to be impossible.
with the carps
Don't forget to check back on Sunday for our May challenge, see you all then.
Ommegang Brewery Cup O' Kyndness
I helped her with practically every aspect of her looking for and buying a new home (going back and forth to the same furniture stores, taking photos of every single step of the house being built). I was getting over a break up and just didn’t feel like helping her move one bedroom worth of stuff into a house when she had her boyfriend, mother and other people helping her.
Discouragement will ruin your ministry – if you let it. I pray that whether your calling is voluntary or employed, you know Gods continued love and appreciation for all that you do, that you continue to follow His path on the journey and that you find others with whom you can share the road.
Larry Kudlow sums it up:
Journal about the growth of something or someone
(Pass out bread)
When I was younger I really like the movie Vanilla Sky because the first time I watched it I was stoned out of my mind. For a while I would say that they movie was my favourite ever (we all make Bad Choices) and I remember hearing my extended family, which cannot be described as smart, saying they ‘just didn’t get it.’ This was surprising because, to me the movie was plain-as-day simple. I felt sorry for my extended family’s forgivable stupidity and ignorance. But when I started thinking about the game yesterday I started to feel like one of them, the forgivably stupid and ignorant, if not the profoundly stupid. This is because the hints are there throughout the game and they are almost as blatant as being hit over the face with a 2×4. Almost. I’ve already gone through some reasons why it’s pretty obvious above, so I won’t repeat. But, despite this, I didn’t realize while I was playing it, in spite of sensing that something was off, that the entire last part of the game is the end process of being Indoctrinated by the Reapers. I honestly fell for it, I was not trying to get all the endings or see what would happen, I honestly thought, despite all the doubts that I was in control the entire time. And that’s exactly what Indoctrination is!
'A chocolate cookie based crust would just take over the bacon flavour'....then it was..
Grind the pecans with half the sugar in a food processor or spice grinder until very fine.
I poured over online descriptions of excursions, tempted of course by dolphin encounters, an idyllic afternoon spent at The Blue Lagoon, and snorkeling excursions on glass-bottomed boats. In the end, we decided to forgo big ticket excursions and head out and explore on our own (and save money!).
On 8 January 1985, Oliver Tambo advocated mass civil disobedience as a means to topple the illegitimate apartheid government.
Hubby: Sigh……
Well, I’ve been toying with the idea of a new computer. I don’t needs it, but I wants it. Looking at catalogs and reading reviews keeps me out of trouble… mostly. Apparently the boy and I were a little loud playing this evening.
Phase Ticks Flood parasites
Now is the time for Letting Go!
A few days ago a friend gave me the idea of some cute lunch to make for Lucas to take to school and I loved it. Yes, I know, I do need to work better on that, and yes I know I do need to work a lot better on that and I will, I promise.
In the Philippines it’s about being part of a group, all for one and one for all. Maybe that’s why I try to turn everyone I like into extended family. It’s because I miss my herd.
28 Some Kind Of Superman
The first rule of Diet Club is -- you always talk about Diet Club.
*I would definitely use 2 eggs if making this recipe again
Life is mostly back to normal.
The lectures are all well structured – Mr. Lee’s presentations remind me of prof. Wiśniewski’s style – a lecturer at my home university. They are easy to follow and provide a solid base of knowledge about Old English and Anglo-Saxon culture. A plus is, of course, Mr. Lee’s beautiful accent. Since I’m only a first-year, I’m not really an expert but I think he’s pretty close to RP (Received Pronunciation) – so by listening to the lectures you do not only learn about Anglo-Saxon but also improve your accent.
Much more to say on that topic, but perhaps I'll wait until next week for that one.
The United States and the Soviet Union started to send probes to the Moon in the late fifties. Most of these initial probes met with miserable failure. It is posited here that the reason for these early failures were due to a miscalculation of the lunar gravitational gradient.
are available for purchase
You fulfill your lesson by helping old folks and children. You came to this life to learn to care about the weak and the helpless. Do you remember now?
E.F. Hutton is set to return to the brokerage world, according to a report in The Wall Street Journal. Backed by former Hutton executives, the long-dormant name is being revived and the firm is set to launch later this year.
Fast forward to last saturday and me running down the streets of Coronoa, flip flops flapping, back pack bouncing, calling Gabe's name as I recognized his well-over six foot tall frame heading down the road. Though I had approached today with some hesitation, immediately when he said hello, (me standing on tip toes, Gabe crouching down), I felt it again, that slight moment where you body is trying to tell you something like give it a real shot. Given my recent thoughts on "the leap" and "trust me", I tried my best to knock down some of my walls and give into the day(te). We rounded the corner and came upon the unassuming brick building that was once the house of a great jazz master legend.
Calvin, however, was somewhat opposed to this, as Calvin was really sacramental in his own way. To Calvin, both faith of the partaker and the work of the Holy Spirit were both needed to make the Sacrament of Communion effectual in any meaningful way. The 'experience' of Eucharist, or the Lord's Supper, has traditionally been spoken of in the following way: the faithful believers are 'lifted up' by the power of the Holy Spirit to feast with Christ in heaven. The Lord's Supper in this way is truly a 'Spiritual' experience as the Holy Spirit is directly involved in the action of 'eucharist.' Calvin believed that Christ was really present, but it took an act of faith on the believer for the effect of Eucharist to have any real meaning to the partaker. Without faith, the act was simply a person eating bread and wine like any other eating of bread and wine.
"Bloody hell man, look at him go!!"
I took a look at sales in the last 12 months priced $1,000,000 to 2,000,000. There were 170 properties sold in that price-range, in that time period. Most sold fairly quickly, a few months at most. But 21 of them (around 12%) were properties that took years and years.
There seems to be little convincing data that the new age of hyper-targeted advertising is having the miraculous effect promised to us. In fact, there is plenty of evidence to the contrary.
11/12 - Nashville, TN - The Cannery
Wang Chung Dance hall days UK
In his two years and nine months in office, President Obama has compiled a spectacular record of noncompliance with the Constitution. Here are just some of the ways his administration has failed to execute
Sometime in the 1540s, the Brethren discovered the werewolf's crashed spaceship and decided to try to help it. They turned away from God and started to worship the Wolf. They provided hosts and food for the growing Werewolf for over 300 years. In 1879, they also arranged events in order for Queen Victoria to be bitten to start "The Empire of the Wolf".
The backbone of the website is a page dedicated to details of the office operation. In addition to chiropractic treatment, the doctor also offers rehabilitation and massage. He keeps office hours Monday through Friday, which include a prolonged lunch break from noon to 3:30 p.m. during which I imagine Dr. Muschik goes home and lies down. Next to a photograph of the doctor rubbing the lower back of a prone but fully clothed man is the practice’s 11-point “no wait policy”. This has little to do with how long you’ll be leafing through Adjustments Today magazines in the waiting room. It’s more about automobile injuries, attorney referrals, car accidents and how close to the hospital the office is located (almost within walking distance – good for patients but not so great for the collision-obsessed doctor).
“I won’t give up though the going is too slow,
There are numerous school closings and
His solo acoustic shows accentuate both his vocal and guitar playing talents and have proven to be highly successful with audiences and organisers alike.
Then Ajers said next we had to say what was the WORST part of our day. Mr. Manic said, "Well, the worst part of my day was that when I first started to fix the shelf upstairs it was pretty hard to do. The nuts weren't fitting right and it was pretty tight, but then I got them screwed in just right."
* Dave is out of his mind and has to go down as the goofiest front man of all-time. I couldn't quit laughing at his silly faces and moves. It's like having a clown as lead singer. He also does some moronic sidenote about some dogs he trains to herd sheep or something and blah blah blah. Please. And burn those overalls. They kept showing clips of him wearing them on the big screen and all I could think was "why is a 60 year old man dressing like he's 4?" Vocally though he sounded pretty good and the old man still can move his butt, I must say. I pulled a muscle in my groin just watching a few of his kicks.
Some of you may remember this post back in July... My dads sister-in-law had been clearing out her loft ready to move house and unearthed two old reel-to-reel tapes marked 'Mick and Don', which had been up there for over 40 years . Mick and Don were my dads youngest brothers (twins), who in the 50's were a duo who used to perform as The Essex Brothers. Well I did a bit of research after that, and found out that due to the age of these tapes, they would need 'baking' before they could be played. The tapes deteriorate over the years because of a breakdown in the glue that holds the oxide particles on to the actual tape itself. Attempting to play the tapes without this could result in the oxide falling off as the tape is played, and your recordings will be lost forever. Baking the tape temporarily restores the tape so that it can be safely copied to another source.
"Oh, I always go to the club on the weekends. Our country club is just lovely and perfect. None of those poor people looking us in the eye, ew."
The effect is as predictable as it is sad. Mali's reputation as a democratic and stable country, which was carefully built up over the last twenty years, is shot. The reaction to the coup has been resolutely negative, both from African countries and from influential countries like the former colonial power France. Inside the country Malian citizens are in dread of the present (with disorderly troops roaming the streets of the capital), and in fear of the future, with the food situation already getting perilous (prices are doubling from one day to another).
in this documentary playing their respective instruments
How much do you stick to it?
Katrina Kaif…. Item Song
BirchBox is a service that each month mails you a box filled with sample beauty products from well known and soon-to-be well known brands. The products come in trial sizes and that way you get to try all sorts of products you might not normally spring for. I know I for one hate taking a chance on expensive products in the hopes they will do what they promise. For $10 a month (including shipping!!) you get a box filled with new goodies to try every month!
Bunga Kantan (Torch Ginger, Etlingera Elatior), cut into small pieces (Optional)
For most of the day Saturday I decided to take up archery, and to my surprise I really enjoyed it! Hopefully when I return home I can pick up a new hobby!
K: So Israel, the IDF, carries out very intensive warning operations. Unprecedented. There are those who don’t like the term, “the most moral army in the world.” I think it’s a very complex phrase, and one has to make all kinds of professional diagnoses. You can’t just blithely invoke it. But let’s look at that claim in this particular context.
1 tbs. olive oil
Somethings are a big mystery...and you just have to follow your heart...
Have yourself a wonderful day.
Also, I'm making a quilt and I wanted to show you the "before" picture. It's for a baby shower we're going to next weekend. I know it looks a little wacky now. But, I'm hoping that by a week from today, it will have come together (Magically, perhaps? Or is that asking too much?) to make a really cute (but not too baby-ish) quilt.
This story happened in deep forest, where old Granny lived far away from civilization. One day a flying saucer crashed near her house, and Grannyâs peaceful life came to an end…
Now your path may not have every step, may not have any of these steps because your journey is different. Let me ask you a question, how do you walk a mile?
Questions about God's existence and character,
This cake is very very yummy. I made it this afternoon and there is about 2 slices left. Perfect for supper, which will be as soon as I hit the publish button!
All three of those references describe a very human Jesus. And, so far as the Christian canon is concerned, they – together with what I described last week – were the entirety of the known life of Christ until the Gospel of Mark was written about 15-20 years later.
When French explorer Louis-Antoine de Bougainville and his ships La Boudeuse and Étoile landed at Tahiti in 1768, the political jostling to win the foreigners’ favour continued – Tutaha this time securing the advantage.
I hope this finds you all well and doing great. It's sad that I will be back reading blogs and everything because school is starting back. I get bored in class and you guys give me something to do!! I hate I will be missing the Chicago trip this year, but with school and grad school interviews I just can't plan any trips this fall. I look forward to hearing the stories and seeing all of your wonderful pictures. I will try and start reading blogs and get caught up, wow I'm behind!
It's spring break here in Texas, and a lot of folks are taking to the airways in the sky to vacation overseas. Not me. Military and government broke me of any lingering desires to venture abroad. But for those of you who still seek to explore the world, read on. Maybe I can save you a lot grief.
5 Tips to Keep School-Age Children Healthy
Word from the previously fearful: give it up early, the beauty and freedom come more quickly that way.
The love story here is well done, which is saying a lot fro me since I grew tired of love triangles a long time ago. Raph is the demon sent to steal Abby's soul after making him fall in love with her he breaks up with her in a way so cruel I actually blushed with embarrassment and anger for her. Even though that happened before the book starts the authors do a wonderful job building it into the story line, and amazingly enough making the readers fall in love with the tortured demon. Gabriel is the perfect counter to Raph. He's there for Abby and brings her back from the edge. There's a lot going on in the plot so the romance doesn't get as much page times as other novels would take, but the authors somehow pull it off. The romance is subtle and real enough that I can fall in love right along with Abby.
My charity of choice is Special Olympics. Special Olympics Canada is dedicated to enriching the lives of Canadians with an intellectual disability through sport, and supports over 38,000 athletes, coaches and volunteers.
The cheerful attitude, the graceful walk, the charming smile, the gentle nature, the lovely figure, all this and more seems to combine into a Siamese bewitchment seemingly capable of captivating men of almost any nationality.
* 1 tsp. pomegranate seeds (optional), for garnish 1 slice orange (optional), for garnish
If you have a Fridge that runs on power, consider two alternatives.
“Peace.”
While serving make sure you dish up the delicious butter sauce. I served it with home baked bread which comes in handy to scoop the excess sauce. Some field greens dressed in a orange vinaigrette makes for a perfect side!
I've always wondered about what it would be like to wake up from a coma years later and find out your whole life has changed, and that's exactly what happens in this novel. It sounds like it'll be really interesting to watch the MC pick up the pieces from the life she remembers and put them together with the life she now has.
For those of you who read Never Forget. You’ll see that I grew up in Texas. All over Texas actually. So the music I grew up with consists mostly of Country songs. Few songs actually speak to me these days. But I’m going to rattle off some and tell you why and how they spoke to me, and how they affect my writing.
darling Grandpa Meyer, but it was the
I only had two hours to spend there, (so I really hustled!)
“Nobody has tattoos anymore,” I say. “They aren’t allowed within the territory.”
Please do comment if you can think of anybody that I’ve missed off the list, or if you would like to be added to it. I’m quite tempted to try and keep this updated as a useful resource for the future…
PS. You smell of curry.
“Run!” Aimi had said. “Run, Suzume!”
UPDATE: Later, on the same day, I learnt via a campus-wide e-mail that the same guy had been arrested by the RCPD and was now banned on the School campus. Apparently, he was a School drop-out and was furious about something. He was required by law to stay away from the campus premises.
~ Middle dd just finished her second day with her new Algebra 1 curriculum: Life of Fred. She likes it better so far. I was able to sell her Teaching Textbooks and buy the LOF at the same time at a local homeschool store so she didn't have to go any time without (she didn't want to go a month without doing Math while I sold TT online and used that money for LOF, so, although I got less for the TT than I would've online I was able to do an immediate transaction - worth it for dd's peace of mind... "following the child" in olders looks soooo much different than in youngers!)
Waist : 14"
The trial of John Edwards, “one-time golden boy of the Democratic party who rose quicker and fell faster than almost anyone in modern politics” began today. Edwards is “charged with is accepting more than $900,000 in illegal campaign contributions from two wealthy donors — cash that was designed to keep his mistress (and the mother of his child) quiet during the presidential campaign.”
Randerscheinun has multiple functions like concert hall, lecture hall, reading and chill out areas, areas to sit on and walk around. Developed horizontally, the Randerscheinun creates an atmosphere of togetherness which creates an open place for all.
There is no school today (no work for me)
Refreshments: For food, I did a ton of research on catering in Savannah and settled on Thrive, A Carryout Cafe. Emma at Thrive was able to design a menu that fit my budget and also accommodated my requests for both gluten-free and vegetarian options. Thrive sources their ingredients locally and the lunch was delicious. Our hands-down favorite was the pesto pasta salad, which we all literally dug into with our hands later after a long night out on River Street.
That didn’t surprise me in the least. I’ve always been the Hermione Granger of any group I was in.
and that makes me even more moody and stressed!
make war out of love
If you take a look at the image below, you'll realise why the feet are so unusually positioned. And as you can see, I wasn't the only person shooting the statue at the time!
Men will be led into these places as well. However the men who are lead in there will be very effeminate and cowardly, not placing their trust in God or themselves. The people who are led into these camps are laden with sins, meaning that they will have committed many sins and have not yet received the salvation of Jesus’ saving blood and grace at the time they are lead into the camps. They will have no trust or faith in God to provide for them, again denying the power of God. The last part of this verse says led away with divers lust. The promise of items such as food, shelter, clothing, and entertainment is what will lead them into the camps, that is the divers lust. Not diverse or many lust but a deep seeded lust for the comforts of their old life. Something they will only have a shred of in the camps. A deep longing for the way things used to be. Even though the way things used to be is what got America into all of this. People preferred comfort over serving God, wanted to be entertained instead of worshipping God.
So in the world of decor, the cheapest thrill for me is the Pottery Barn catalog. Not only does it come in the mail to my home, but it is free. How divine is that?
It would make the fact that I lost my job and that my house is in foreclosure so much more bearable to know that a giant bank is feeling better now.
People who have something to sell know this. They know how humans operate, and they use that modeling instinct against us in order to get us to buy their products. They take our basic drives and goals and carefully craft a message telling us that in order to get our needs met, we have to use what they’re selling. If what they’re selling is a direct means to a clear end, that bit’s simple: you tell people your product is available, does what it says on the tin, and can be obtained easily and for a reasonble price. If your product is more or less the same as the competition, you advertise it on price or value. If it’s better than the competition, you point up its highlights.
9And he saith unto me, Write, Blessed are they which are called unto the marriage supper of the Lamb. And he saith unto me, These are the true sayings of God.
Matt: Exactly! Or something like, “I wonder how long I have until I have a stroke?”
Asclepias or milkweeds, can be finicky plants to start from seed and get established in your garden, but don’t let them intimidate you. These plants will attract butterflies by providing both native nectar sources and host plants for eggs and caterpillars. Few garden centers sell them. Butterfly weed seeds can be purchased from garden centers specializing in native plants: www.americanmeadows.com is one. The milkweed seeds I have used I have simply collected myself from local fields. I believe it to be common milkweed.
Once the beans are re-hydrated, rinse them one more time to get rid of the bean juice and pour them into a large pot, with just slightly more than enough water to cover all the beans, like this:
Demonstrations are planned throughout Germany, Austria, Belgium, and more.
Jack fruit payasam is ready!!
Other studies have attempted to seek the underpinnings of human moral judgment when people are presented with hypothetical dilemmas. Investigators have generally found that particular emotional centers in the brain charged up when the dilemmas involved people in clear and present danger. But the brain activity was diminished in moral decisions that did not involve "up close and personal"' harm to others--such as deciding whether to keep money found in a lost wallet.
Today, I’m here to talk about THE Lester Chambers of The Chambers Brothers rock, soul, and gospel group that was popular in the 1960s and ’70s. THE Lester Chambers who was inducted into the Blues Hall of Fame in 2011. Not the East L.A. Blues Hall of Fame. Not the Novato Blues Hall of Fame. Not the South Beach Blues Hall of Fame. Not the Georgetown Blues Hall of Fame. THE BLUES HALL OF FAME. The Lester Chambers who was involved in this …
Everyone is cool in their own way. Whatever cool is these days.
I was born and raised in the boondocks
So, my message to you this week is, Go Forth and Be Book People! And, if you're so inclined to leave a comment, we'd love to hear about why YOU are a book person--but go tell the good folks at RIF first!!
Considering the revulsion which my confession of not having seen The Exorcist had on an incidental cinema watcher, I assume a plot description is superfluous. Essentially, actress Chris MacNeil over the course of the film begins to discern significant changes in her daughter and after exhausting options she realises that the reason might me supernatural and calls in a priest for exorcism. The most searing thing about the horror elements in The Exorcist is the way they appear not simply for effect but as organic elements to buttress the most significant aspect of the film – the relationship between mother and child. (Well, the most significant aspect for me, at least.)
A few weeks back, a buddy of mine texted me asking if I had been to Mara's Homemade yet. Not only had I never been there, but I had never even heard of it. A former NYC hotspot that moved out to the Island, serving New Orleans-style grub and Arkansas Barbecue? Sign me up!
Johnny Damon - When They Were Young
Incidental, if you are interested in bicycle smoothie makers, a few years ago I spoke to a chap living in Bristol by the name of Biggles. He was going to build me one of these. It didn't happen for various reasons. Perhaps he's still making them? bigglesrecycles. It looks like he is, as I just came across this charming site: http://bristolpedalrevolution.co.uk/machines/
I taught two classes, the accordion inky book and the Artful Journal. They were a lovely bunch of customers and their work was fabby. The lovely Michael had taken time out from his packing to come to my workshops. Very impressive as he was emigrating to Brazil the next morning to start a new life with his partner. Best of luck to you babe. xx
especially since you can’t fly on your own
April 5, 2012
No pen describe the sight
In one of the little shops, we found this ladder. Oh, it was never a utilitarian ladder, but had been fashioned for decorative purposes out of old bits of rough barn-siding-ish wood.
For all those who love music and love to listen to music while driving the iPod car kit is a dream come true. Music is a great companion and most people just cannot travel without music in the car. Long drives on highways accompanied only by music is nothing less than amazing and is loved by many music lovers.
Baumann looked at the experience of ab initio students of German on modern languages degrees at an English university. The research set out to measure the extent to which ab initio German students were able to reach the same standard as post A-level students. Results led Baumann to suggest that ab initio offers a successful model of provision because there are few disparities in final degree outcomes between ab initio and post A-level students.
Still, if bugs are to become mainstream in the parts of the world where entomophagy isn’t common, we (and by that I mean my children) are going to have to face our disgust and accept that it’s more social construct than taste.
Not caring about me
The bottles, rattles, and the blocks
Now one thing about a dead snake is that for several hours it will continue to twitch and move and rattle. The snake is dead, but reflexes and nerve endings remain active for several hours.
And it is just this gratitude that stirs in me a desire to encourage those who are struggling,
Two weeks have passed since reporters Dave Forster and Marjon Rostami – friends to me and many others at the newspaper – were attacked on a Saturday night as they drove home from a show at the Attucks Theatre. They had stopped at a red light, in a crowd of at least 100 young people walking on the sidewalk. Rostami locked her car door. Someone threw a rock at her window. Forster got out to confront the rock-thrower, and that’s when the beating began.
Why is it that everyone is constantly trying to change? It seems as though there is never a time when anyone is completely happy with where they are in life. How they look, what they’ve accomplished, where they are headed, what position they hold, how much money they have, what furniture they have, what clothes they have, what house they have, they are always looking for something better. Is it a good thing to never be satisfied? To always be wanting something different? Even if that doesn’t necessarily mean something more or something better? Should we live our lives always wanting something more? Should we find some sort of middle ground and just be satisfied? Should we never settle for what we have when it comes to our jobs, but always be content with the money our position brings? Should we never settle for what clothes we have, but be content with the way our bodies look without them? Should we never settle for the things we have in our home, but be content in having one? Is there any sort of compromise? Is it white and black or is there a shade of gray? Do we have to be willing to strive for more in every area of our lives or just let ourselves settle for what we’ve already been given?
Mam Cathy – Your words of wisdom and learning will always be in my heart.
Well, I received two more emails this morning, informing me that I did not get an interview. I'm slightly confused by these emails because when I apply, I get an email confirming and it states that I will not receive another email unless I'm going to be given an interview....yet lo and behold I have probably opened at least 8 emails that have told me I'm not getting an interview.
we wrote our names and ages ("look mother! it's a 4 because i'm 4!") on eggs.
So... I LOVED yesterdays card so much that I began working on another in hopes to make it even better. When I completed this 2nd Z Gatefold card, I felt I had been successful and I LOVE IT! A special thanks again to Cheryl who posted her amazing turtorial, check it out on my side bar,
The combination marks the beginning of the end of the current American regime.
As for the south carolina gamecocks history are fine when it comes as a retirement relocation option. Northerners may be well advised to politely decline to answer police questioning and if your blood alcohol level or if you have health insurance then do not unwittingly become a part of a fourth offense, you will face one year of prison time. Fourth offenses are considered to be finally said that these colleges in South Carolina. This place has about two thousand animals in it which stay in a place which closely resembles there natural habitats. The garden has some good collections of sculptures from very good artists that are state funded to small colleges promoting liberal arts, military or religious traditions. College sports are very low as well. So picture this. After moving to the Constitution allows any person, including a target, subject or witness can make is to search for ones in all industries in SC. Artists and designers can find employment in corporations creating advertisements, brochures, logos and packaging and product designs. They can work in agencies, design firms, film and media companies and you can still carry on your team can give you the south carolina gamecocks history of dedication to the south carolina gamecocks history a whole lot of large hotels and condo complexes right on the south carolina gamecocks history over Stanford 45-23, No. 7 Penn State, No. 12 Missouri on the national casino scene.
38And now I say to you, Do nothing to these men, but let them be: for if this teaching or this work is of men, it will come to nothing:
Every Tuesday I create a post on our agency’s facebook page giving small business owners the opportunity to talk about their business. Since my niche is business insurance I figured the benefits from doing this is threefold:
you're likely to see creativity manifested in this way.
It was lots of fun. And here's the feedback I received in an email from Nathan's teacher today:
I look up to the hill top
"Do you understand? Do you know what I am talking about?"
‘Fusion Junction’ is an interesting art book dedicated to a niche genre - game and comic book character design. Since the steep rise in graphic capabilities in games there has also been a corresponding rise in expectation of detail and quality in character design. Comic book art has also metamorphosed since the ‘golden’ and ‘silver’ age of the 1950′s. Comics now offer a wide and often radical difference in art styles, often reflecting the mood of the story lines. ‘Fusion Junction’ celebrates the achievements of these artists, who are sometimes overlooked due to the commercial aspect of their art.
The back-up feature this issue is a 4 page Tommy Tyme story. Based on the job # of D-190, this story is definitely inventory from as far back as 1945-46 when an earlier method of assigning job #'s was used. The "D" here may stand for an editor but I postulate this without any assurance whatsoever. Tommy Tyme was a time traveling youth whose adventures frequently took him to meetings with important individuals in history. Otto Binder created the series and was the primary author of most/all of the stories that ran from 1942 through 1946 in titles including KID KOMICS, the second MYSTIC and YOUNG ALLIES. Dan Barry was one of the main artists as well as Charles Tomsey. In this story I'm stumped at who this is. The art slightly suggests Chu Hing involvement in some capacity but in truth I'm clueless. I even wild guess wonder if this could be Tom Tomasch? Any suggestions would be welcome.
Are you kidding me??!?! I tried (without success) to not laugh. Apparently she had bitten the side of her tongue and it was bothering her. It amazes me how her mind works, and comes to conclusions that, again, border on the ridiculous.
Prayer: Lord, help me to recognize the ways I can proclaim the good news to my neighbors today. I ask this, as always, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the holy Spirit…Amen!
I hope you enjoy the blog hop. Thank you for visiting and I hope you like my pieces. I will visit you and check out your challenge creations on my return from GA.
By now readers here know that I was raised in a Baptist church. Another confession? I wondered why God wanted us to work so hard to “seek” Him. If i sought with all of my heart, then I may find Him. As with several other important concepts in my life, being a parent has brought me much close to an understanding of this game of hide and seek.
2 x single long-lasting eye colour - Ice Blue; Silver Green
gosh, i love this title. favie quote ever!!
Tonight was so much fun. While we kept track of Santa on the NORAD radar, Lorelai and I baked cookies for Santa. Filled a plate with them and put it on the mantle along with some chocolate milk and carrots (for the reindeer). She also said a good bye to Elrod, our elf on the shelf. And then she was off to bed to anxiously await the arrival of Santa.
The past couple months have put writing and reading blogs low on the list of priorities. But I am here. I find myself quickly taking a peek at some of my favorite bloggyland places before rushing on to something important. I have daily little fits of inspiration and I don't make the time to jot them down so I know I have amazing things to tell you but all I can come up with are flashes of time. Moments that moved me or shoved at me....frozen there in my hard drive.
“My point is that Marx is not working to create an undivided subject where desire and interest coincide. Class consciousness does not operate toward that goal. Both in the economic area (capitalist) and in the political (world-historical agent), Marx is obliged to construct models of a divided and dislocated subject whose parts are not continuous or coherent with each other.” (Gayatri Spivak, “Can the Subaltern Speak?”)
Jet sky, water circle, canoe, speed boat
Lisa and Margaret.
Now for something a bit sweeter, Dublin’s Cake Cafe is a hidden gem and is quite possibly the loveliest, frilliest, daintiest cafe in all of Ireland.
Fridges are expensive, people. In case you didn't know.
To venture on wider seas
This complex background perhaps explains Abbas's comments to the effect that Shalit's release shouldn't be linked to that of the Palestinian prisoners, since "One thing does not depend on the other." Suffice to say, a deal for Shalit looks anything but imminent in light of this state of affairs. Indeed, the ability of the various Palestinian faction to enforce deals of any sort - always a liability in negotiations with them - is looking worse than ever.
So I headed off to Home Depot with my measurements, and purchased 4 flanges, 2 pipes, cut to size and threaded by the nice people at Home Depot, and 2 elbows for the regular window.
and that we are so very proud
coriander powder 1tsp
At the entry portal, two stones are parted and a single stone wedge is pushed forward toward the horizon; the missing piece of what was once a single boulder. The smooth insides of the portal contrast the rough outer surfaces of the boulder. Beyond this portal, the stone appears to have been thrust into the plaza, wrested from the boulder and pushed forward – it bears signs of a great monolithic struggle.
Days of Speed Work: 1
We walked all the way up State St. and went into the Capital.
For me, my poetry has never been something I worked on. It is something inside of me that has to come out. It’s something I feel rising from a place deep inside myself and when I feel the stirrings, I grab a pencil and I let it come. It is its own voice.
Recently, I’ve been watching a new (well, new to me) show called “Private Practice”. At a wedding, Sam gave a toast to his daughter who got married that day. He then proceeds to explain the concept of an “Anyway Friend”. I was intrigued by the idea and thought to myself, who was mine?
(Note: I'm not having a go at farmers or anyone else whose work exploits animals in a humane way. If anyone wants to get into a discussion about the rights and wrongs of animal experimentation I'll happily direct you to my work persona, where we can have a full and frank discussion.)
Voters in France elected Francois Hollande as president May 6 after he pledged to soften austerity measures backed by his predecessor Nicolas Sarkozy, while Greece was thrown into another stage of turmoil after elections split parliament between pro- and anti-bailout parties with no clear winner.“
And Simon Peter followed Jesus: and so did another disciple. And that disciple was known to the high priest and went in with Jesus into the court of the high priest. But Peter stood at the door without. The other disciple therefore, who was known to the high priest, went out and spoke to the portress and brought in Peter. The maid therefore that was portress says to Peter: Are you not also one of this man’s disciple? He says I am not. Now the servants and ministers stood at a fire of coals, because it was cold, and warmed themselves. And with them was Peter also, standing and warming himself.
Matthew 27:11-50
* Create waves (interpret that any way you wish!).
...the behinder I get.
MORE SUSPENSFUL: A man has to find a job before his wife gives birth in one week.
If you have stopped painting for some times and you feel down because of it, the best way out is not to ask yourself “why?” but just to take small steps to get back into it. Artists are “makers” and it’s by making that we find again our artist way. Here are five suggestions to end a dry spell:
To my dear sister, we are available.
Her friendship which I have treasured for years has now become a living breathing relationship.
Here’s a quick quiz on loneliness:
