write it, introduce it, change it or create it.
I’m not talking about religion; I’m talking about connection. Dream-Stealing is kind of like using the realized dream–the evidence that this thing can be done–from someone who’s in fact done the thing. Premise: this has been done by X, therefore, if X can do it, then so can I. Conclusion: I can do this. Mantra? (Yes, we all need a mantra when going about the dream realization business) Mantra: I will do this!
Most of these I can see how it happens. There are a few, however, that look SO complicated (the cat one) that I found myself wondering whether they were actually casting that shadow or if it was fake.
2 tablespoons cider vinegar
I don't have one TBR pile per se. My TBR books are mingled with my read books in my bookshelves. At this point I am sure my unread books outnumber my read books as I tend to give books away. Yeah, the TBR pile is pretty much the entire living room. i have been thinking about getting a small bookshelf for my bedroom to keep my tbr books in but it hasn't happened yet.
As we move closer to one of our biggest events of this year the excitement is through the roof! Andrea Bocelli Live in Central Park has been the talk of the city for months and now we are just two days away!
In 1999 and 2000 the price for these new economy companies was at their zenith. This was a classic case of buying too high and reacting to the headlines of the day.
Our final spot is at an isolated beach on the other side of Malenge. It is a picturesque spot with just five simple cottages on a small beach away from any village which keeps garbage to a minimum. There is good snorkeling right off our beach. There is no electricity and no running water. We are the only guests. We are the Howells while Skipper and Gilligan tend to our basic needs. Neither of us have a book to read and without internet or TV either our daily schedule is something like this:
Within social and human sciences the American hegemony of the last decades is slowly declining but, on the other side, the English language and Anglo-Saxon forms and standards of university education are more prevailing than ever. Within popular music this construction of the scientific field corresponds neatly with the construction of the field to be studied. USA dominates, with some competition from Britain, and contributions ‘from outside’ are mainly from other English-speaking countries like Australia and Canada.
I'd like to post every day here, of course, for we are surely doing and making and running all about with life, doing fun things that I'd like to share with you.
I used a 6x6 Lime Twist pad, a new circle border punch by EK success and some Papermania chipboard. The sentiment is by Paula Pascual. I also punched out some white circles to hide behind the holes as it got too busy even for me without some more white to ground it! The Daring Team have been most inventive with their cards so do take a look.
I spat out a mess of black bug, wings and phlegm.
Lois Lane - ("Crusade" Season 4, Ep. 1): A slowly developed relationship over the years; from complete strangers to romantic lovers, Lois Lane is a journalist for the Daily Planet. After five years of friendship with Clark, they fall in love and she becomes Clark Kent's fiancee. She first appears in Season 4 "Crusade," when she arrives in Smallville to investigate the death of her cousin Chloe. She meets Clark for the first time when he falls from the sky and is found naked in a corn field. She wraps a red blanket around him (iconic for his future cape) and begins their reltionship. Does their relationship live up to this moment?
“English wasn’t the native language for a lot of the students there, so food became a communication tool,” she told me. “It was our main bond.”
The man was average build, so average in fact that if I were to have to describe him to police, I would have a hard time, he was incredibly average. He was 40-50ish, dark tanned, someone who spent his days outside, and he was praying fervently, I don’t know how to explain that, but I could tell that he was in deep communion with God from the time he hit his knees. I have seen people pray like this before when they have had family members near death, or when they were wracked with guilt over a sin, or were afraid their marriage would end and they could do nothing to save it. I looked away to give him his privacy until he finally stood and turned around to face me, and what I saw was not what I expected at all, but quite the opposite.
Nominee Kagan can make her case by the clothes she wears, the jewelry she rocks and the makeup she carefully applies. Regardless of what she does, she’ll still not compare to the woman we’d like to have appointed (see yesterday’s editorial, “Our Pick for High Court: Lost‘s Hottie Evangeline Lilly”). If Kagan wants to jump up and down or wave her arms wildly in the air to prove to the Judiciary Committee that she’ll be a strict constructionist, that’s fine.
If it's Monday, it means that it's cardio rehab!
Garuda Indonesia unveiled their expansion plans at the Arabian Travel Market this week aptly called their ‘Quantum Leap’ program. They plan on increasing their fleet size more than twice fold by 2015 to a staggering 194 aircraft.
From the side...I see the empire waistband hits where it should, and the cap sleeve hits at a decent place on my arm.
When Italy became a victim, the Euro became even more dodgy.
and each body a lion of courage, and something
Nikki Lane/Buxton/Robert Ellis/Jason Isbell – Living Room in Lower East Side
Did you miss me? I took a hiatus. Actually what happened was the computer desk got built, and in the process computer shuffling happened. That and I took Joy out of daycare cause I didn't love subbing and financially it wasn't working either, we lost money on that venture. So this year Joy is in a 2 day a week Mother's Day Out program on Tuesday and Thursday. This is much needed Mommy alone or with Daddy time. This also allows me to switch back and forth along our lovely new computer desk from the Mac to my computer. So here is a snippet of what life has been like the last 6 months.
Thanks so much. Sending you a big hug for doing this.
49ers 27 Giants 17
HEB Brodie
Some of the kids took long naps, so things were slow at first. Then after they ate, Mihaela, my mom and I took Ion, Alina, and Marius outside. We stayed out most of the afternoon playing and walking around, which was tiring, but was nice to get the fresh air! When we went back upstairs we found Nicoletta's mom waiting! She claims to be taking her to Cluj for medical care by way of ambulance to Bucharest, then helicopter?? We aren't sure about that part, but the mom is definitely taking her somewhere, as she had a bag packed and was spending the night at the hospital. I guess we will find out tomorrow!
Hello, dear readers. Here I am. There goes November. National Novel Writing Month (NaNoWriMo) 2011 has come and gone. Bring on the Christmas bonanza! My brain feels like pudding. I spent so much time immersed in Cetus Finalis that I feel like even blogging is inadvisable because I have no idea what I will say. My thoughts are barely thoughts anymore. My cousin has flown into town to help me decompress and celebrate after all those weeks of relentless writing.
4. On The Bank Of The Milky Way (3:46)
Ha ha, don't get upset about the death joke. I kid. Funerals are no picnic.
The Doctor: You tried to destroy an entire world.
When he was born I thought six months would feel like a lifetime but it has just flown by us. Now I wish time would slow down a bit. All our time is used up trying to get everything done in 24 hours that we don't really have a whole lot of time to just sit and enjoy this time that he is a baby. Here's hoping that the next six months don't fly by as quick as these first six did.
There may be any number of plausible criticisms that could be essayed against at least some forms of rock, but what Rand has provided in her "Art and Cognition" essay is not one of them.
To start, a platoon sergeant is in charge of the whole platoon. Then under her is four squad leaders. These are usually the people you see in the very front of a platoon when we are marching. The first squad leader is the person who will replace the platoon sergeant in their absence.
I am entering the Macabre Monday challenge which is to CASE a Minion. I cased my boss at Delcious Doodles Teri . I used black and purple as she did for her card and the beautiful Black Pearl image.
Received a ton of compliments on this outfit at work today. I think it was the classy- conservative at the top that worked it's way down to high leopard print peep toes that gave the extra spark that people seemed to comment on.
Her boobs are droopy, the satin patches look awful and the tuille hell in the back is just insane. It does give a little shape to her though as she otherwise looks like a swizzle stick. Also, the hair is a mess. She may have a very kool name but to use a very popular expression these days, she's a hot mess. She's not at all hot though.
I used cardboard from a large box that I peeled the top and bottom layer off of leaving only the corrugated part which makes it really easy to fold and roll into the half log shape. I also rolled some smaller pieces that I attached to the base to make them look like tree limbs. Holding the cardboard in it's shape is some electrical tape. The limbs are attached with hot glue and straight pins and then some electrical tape at the base of each limb. Once the form was established I mixed up the Plaster of Paris working quick like the instructions on the box recommend. I found an old ratty paint brush to brush the substance on with and it was PERFECT. It actually gave texture to the plaster that I don't believe I would have gotten otherwise. The rolled cardboard mimics tree rings and I think it's pretty fabulous. I'm thinking the sky is the limit with this stuff. As long as you have a good base.
Whatever the reason, their relationship is thought provoking on two different levels. The first is in the psychological ramifications of their forbidden love. The second is in the cultural clash that the two create. Davis is a beacon of Western Christian morality; chaste, forgiving, selfless. General Yen represents the Chinese Hollywood stereotypes of the early 1930s; greedy, conniving, and ruthless. Davis is an idealist who believes that with God’s help any problem can be resolved. General Yen is a callous pragmatist who understands that whoever has the money and the weapons has the power. Throughout the film they try to convert each other to their own ways of thinking. But each instance fails.
Tomato -1
"He's gay!"
Wanna kill terrorists? He does too.
Cascade $0.25/1
Place the rice in a well-buttered casserole. Arrange the browned sausages over the top. Drain the pineapple and to it add the brown sugar, vinegar and seasonings. Spoon the seasoned pineapple over the sausages. Moisten with a little of the pineapple syrup. Dot with butter. Bake in moderate oven for about 20 minutes.
Barked Shag, the tiny Jack Russell.
*May or may not be edited for G rating
What if Senator Antonio F. Trillanes IV declares straight to my face:
And the two monsters I am sitting.
For all the non-chronological slicing and dicing, Dean and Cindy's relationship follows a fairly familiar trajectory. They meet while Cindy is in college, and Dean—working for a moving company at the time—sweeps this ambitious, career-minded woman off her feet with a banjo and an earnestly sung tune (which, not too subtly, is called "You Always Hurt the Ones You Love"); she becomes pregnant from a previous relationship, though, and after she finds herself unable to go through an abortion, they decide to get married. But, of course, that original romantic spark doesn't last in married life. The film itself opens in the waning days of their marriage, and later on, we see Dean—a house painter, bearded, given to fits of alcoholism—making one last desperate attempt, in a futuristic sex-hotel room, to rekindle the heat missing in their union.
James Maitland was evidently a confident negotiator and talked the brewery into removing a clause in the standard agreement which would have forbidden him from holding any other licences. His position strengthened by having a secure lease, he approached the brewery again in December the same year for help with repairs to the floor of the pub, which had been damaged by wet rot. Bernard’s agreed to pay half the cost. As the repairs cost roughly half his annual rent, Maitland was recorded as being very pleased with the settlement.
"We do fairly well for 62% of our students."
The 3.5 codex forced me to play an army of guys who sometimes just disembarked from their tanks and started running towards the enemey, even if those tanks would get them into the fray much faster than their feet. The codex also didn’t allow me to use jump infantry in my World Eaters army, even though using a jump pack is something that every frenzied berzerker should find very appealing. Let’s face it: All that equipment was great and full of flavour, but the rules sometimes just didn’t add up. I don’t want to play an army that always wins. I want to play an army that conforms to my aesthetic whims and that “feels right” to me. That’s far more important than winning.
swiss dot folder in my Grand Calibur, love that machine!
I mean who can forget this:
Where will you find yourself if you will not believe?
Or, if you are targeting those in need of wedding day insurance, why not co-market with a florist or photographer?
DH in the nursery with Logan while I am in recovery
My guess is that Best Director will end up being a competition between Danny Boyle and David Fincher. Never thought that I would write THAT sentence. In any case, if their movies end up being too weird to win Best Pic, this is the consolation prize.
Lily talks the Doc out of watching the boring opera, and they head on over to one of her old hangouts, and the joint is jumpin'! Two thirds of his time on screen, the Doctor is smoking!
This was a week of challenges...some have been dealt with and some are in process. Only one isn't started yet- but it's a fun one so that's okay...
Please take time to visit her blog and browsing her store. The quality of the dies and stamps are the best! I was just a guest designer on her blog for her Friday Tip of the day so check out all the goodies posted from her DT and Guest Designers.
Still, that sort of ethical clarity—so obvious to most Americans in the 1930s—is apparently far from obvious to a great many Americans today. The speculative bubbles of the last decade, again, offer an uncomfortably clear look at the popularity of delusion in American public life just now. When John Kenneth Galbraith wrote his brilliant and very funny history The Great Crash 1929 back in 1954, he noted that the best preventive for the miserable economic aftermath of a speculative bubble was a clear memory of just how miserable that aftermath had turned out to be. In 1954, he was quite correct; a generation raised in the Depression years kept Wall Street on a very tight leash back then, and indeed Galbraith’s own testimony before a Senate subcommittee in 1955 on the implications of the 1929 experience was enough all by itself to pop a stock market boomlet—a circumstance Galbraith recounted in wry terms in the foreword to the second edition. The memory of 1929 had an immunizing effect so potent that it took until the 1960s for the US stock market to blow its first very tentative bubbles, and it wasn’t until the mid-1980s that a really classic stock market boom and bust followed the traditional path, up with the rocket and down with the stick.
Well, sort of. It’s true that paper and ink and presses cost money. It’s just not a significant percentage in the grand scheme. To reference Murphy’s article (which you should just go ahead and read. It’s short and brilliant and you’ll learn stuff),
- ½ cup apple juice or water
In view of the above, PHIVOLCS reiterates that Mayon Volcano’s status remains at Alert Level 1. The public, however, is reminded that the 7-km Extended Danger Zone (EDZ) at the southeastern flank of the volcano and the 6-km radius Permanent Danger Zone (PDZ) at other areas remain off-limits due to the continuing threat from sudden small explosions and rockfalls from the upper slopes. Active river channels and those areas perennially identified as lahar-prone around the volcano should be avoided when there is heavy and prolonged rainfall. PHIVOLCS is keeping a tight watch over Mayon and shall immediately report any significant development to all concerned.
Mouth
Keith Moon, drummer with the The Who, is naturally on the drums. He appears to be sharing a joke with a laughing John Entwistle who is on the bass guitar.
The judge had this to say about the effect of his actions on the Judicial system:
Mark and Kristen Westbrook are adopting two very precious treasures. Aren't they absolutely adorable?? They recently adopted two other treasures.... THAT'S FOUR BABES IN LESS THAN TWO YEARS!!!
"In the world of endurance sports, exercise isn't just an activity, but a lifestyle."
One thing I am very grateful for is the wonderful support I get from all my publishers. Sometimes it can be hard to be truly objective about your own work and their Art Direction, feedback and comments can really help motivate and improve my work.
couple of weeks I have pulled this out of the fridge then
~Benjamin Disraeli
With this heat?
I have had a lot of requests for a tutorial on how I mix Copics and Prismas or Poly Chromos Pencils when colouring my images. I am not very good at these tutorials but I have decided to give it a try. I have used a Lili of the Valley James the Bear image for this tutorial.
2. Sally Hansen Complete Salon Manicure – Shimply Devine
Man-is-man-is-man; and, woman-is-women-is-woman.
* AGT
31And Israel was true to the Lord all the days of Joshua, and all the days of the older men who were still living after Joshua’s death, and had seen what the Lord had done for Israel.
In a heavy-duty mixing bowl, cream together the butter and shortening on medium speed. Add the eggs, 1 at a time until, completely combined. Scrape down the sides of the bowl with a rubber spatula. Add the superfine sugar with the mixer set to low speed. Once combined, set the mixer to medium speed and mix for 5 minutes.
We made an Easter Tree this week.
Not all of us will experience these crazy-amazing life-changing experiences…and we can be grateful for that, I suppose. But at the same time, is there a way one can harness this mindset that people like my girlfriend have when they have been given another chance? Do you have to wait until something tragic happens or a miracle happens to make you view your life differently, live freely, and with renewed purpose?
06 - I'll wait (Silky dub total) (5:49)
This month of May is to be a very important energetic month, and while we will not at this time speak to the physical events set to occur in this month of May if all goes as planned, the purity of energies that are to make their way to you with the coming and passing of your current month are to set the stage for the energetic and physical manifestation of so very many beginning changes that you have been waiting for, for so very long.
I would usually baked some potatoes together with the chicken, but this time, I left them out, and served the chicken with some salad instead. I have also served the chicken with tortilla wraps, making it an interesting meal for my kids.
Rock in Paradise Sir!
I first heard about eating a raw diet from an interview on NPR, with the authors of the cookbook Raw. I thought it sounded interesting, but I didn't think it would be for me. Last year, I kept getting hints that I needed to improve my diet. I made a soul collage card, and all the pictures I picked and put on my card were of raw fruit; I didn't consciously do that, I just grabbed the pics I loved, and that's how it ended up.
Well, at you can see from the above, Shareology was at the latest Social Media Breakfast in Bloomington, Minnesota; let’s take a look at the visual record:
How can we explain this unusual color pattern? Is it simply due to lightening of skin color? In other words, did reduction of skin pigmentation incidentally reduce eye and hair pigmentation? The diverse palette of eye and hair colors would thus be a side effect of selection for lighter skin.
Thursday, 12 April 2012
On burnish'd hooves his war-horse trode;
From the bus station we took a cab. I’ll be right up front, you’ll probably end up paying about $10 US for your cab ride from there because they totally take advantage of the fact that you’ve just arrived and you’re tired and want to get where you’re going. After that though, the normal price to pay for a taxi ride anywhere in the city is about 200 Pesos. If a taxi driver asks for more than 250 you’re getting ripped off and should go find a driver that will do it for the average price.
momentum
Ranadivé, born fifty-four years ago in Bombay, takes this simple fact as a challenge. He has built his company and become wealthy on the idea that we can master that deluge of data and use it to make the world a better place. That’s why he keeps talking about this new thing he developed called TopCom, Tibco’s latest pride and joy.
and Ive got one!!
10:47: We pull out of the driveway.
Improved external situation was the main factor for the high growth. Advanced countries have filled up inventories to increase imports. Thus, many countries were able to walk out from the economic shrink, such as the United States achieved growth by 5.7 per cent, while Japan achieved 4.6 per cent of growth, Vietnam achieved 6.5 per cent and Singapore achieved 4 per cent.
I'm so proud of my independent little girl. But at times it gets frustrating. For both mommy, daddy, and you.
The two teams at each turn in the draft, Mudville 9 at the #1 spot and Kill Moose&Squirrel at #11, put together some fearsomely awesome teams with their draft strategies. The Mudville 9 made the suprising choice, to some, of selecting Dustin Pedroia with the 1st overall pick. Wasn't surprising to me. I was planning on taking him in the first round as well. Second base, after the first couple of guys, was the shallowest position in the draft. Had he waited, he would have missed out on the big 3 of Pedroia, Cano and Kinsler. Kill Moose&Squirrel really did his homework. Constantly screwing myself and others out of some excellent choices that I thought would have lasted longer. Damn you, Boris Badenov!!!
You can find Laurie online at:
No, Orcs attack in packs and always without warning. Like pack animals.
Basic Spelling Rules – The “y to i” Rule
Churches and preachers are sometimes called self-righteous, argumentative, misguided, unfocused, and overly harsh. At times those charges may be true. I don’t know of any Christian that would deny that we have at times come across in less than savory ways.
NOTE: DO NOT to use all the filling in the recipe. I usually make more than enough so I can use leftover to make quick side dishes or uses as base for spicy soups or stews. The filling can last 2 month in the fridge.
This flower garden smelled incredible. It has tones of petunia's. I wanted to bottle it up and take it home.
22 through
So yesterday the Hubs had a Dr. appointment with the new doctor. After a year of no answers and hearing how "rare" he is, we got SOME answers. New Doc said he has 75% scaring in his liver and he definitely has a combination of PSC and Autoimmune Hepatitis. BUT thankfully it can be controlled with meds. My lovely husband decided he was sick of taking his meds and was convinced the old doc didn't know what he was talking about, because of the lack of answers, so he decided to take himself off of his meds. No bueno. He woke up a week and a half later, jaundice. I asked him what the hell he was thinking and he said, "I thought I'd try to see if I was normal again..." REALLY?? So let's just say he learned his lesson. After losing weight, turning yellow, feeling sick, dry heaving, loss of appetite, night sweats and feeling tired, he's decided to never do that again. So this whole month the new doc will be adjusting his meds and taking him off certain ones THAT SHE WASN'T SURE WHY HE WAS TAKING IN THE FIRST PLACE!! Can you believe that?? He also has to have blood drawn every week to see how he responds which will be interesting because last time this happened his body didn't respond to the meds. So now he is starting from scratch and he likes this doctor better. She told us that she has a liver conference today and she is going to have other doc's review the results from his liver biopsy to help get more answers because once again, he is so rare.
Second, targeted strikes are ethical. Without question, the ability to target a specific individual—from hundreds or thousands of miles away—raises profound questions. Here, I think it’s useful to consider such strikes against the basic principles of the law of war that govern the use of force.
Accessories: ribbon, brads, Dazzling Details glitter
October 10 – LC Pavilion, Columbus, OH
“Mother”s were that colour – until the accident.” He stroked the blade down her cheek, “Yours will do just fine.”
Just how much do you know about American History? A quick survey has convinced me that a lot of people must have used that class to catch up on their sleep when they went to school. Well, I'd like everyone's attention today because there will be a pop quiz later!
He says his own nightly prayer:
Wash and dry each potato. Using a sharp knife, carefully slice very thin sections from one end of the potato to the other. Go slow and hold the potato steady. Do not allow the knife to reach the cutting board. Use a mandoline set on the thinnest setting, 0.5 mm, to slice each garlic clove very thinly. Place a slice of garlic between each potato section.
Do I dare
9. Im not an organized person, at all, not even a little bit...but yet I know where everything is.
Just love who you are (whether you get the flowers or not) and everything else will fall into place.
you can enter 3 different creations and you can also leave a Tip with
Step 4)
thought we should open a lefse store.
Marriage is hard. Even good marriages, happy marriages, peaceful marriages. You don’t always agree and yet you can only move forward together. What’s hard is figuring out the balance between protecting yourself and protecting the relationship. It’s this way for all relationships really, not just marriages, not just straight partnerships, not even just amongst couples. That old dilemma of knowing how and where to set boundaries, which of course requires you to know yourself; what you will let go and what you insist upon, what makes you feel good or sad, what you’ve decided your priorities are regardless of the costs, and what you want most from those who love you and whom you love.
"It lies with me!" cried the Queen of Maybe
Common sense would dictate, this being SPORTScenter and all, not NFL Live, that the next segment on the show would take us elsewhere. Sportscenter, however, ditched common sense the second Tim Tebow was drafted and they realized they could dedicate an entire show to one fucking subject. So of course, the next segment consisted of Chris McKendry talking to some local New Orleans reporter about his take on the suspensions (as if he’d reveal some unforeseen angle that proved Roger Goodell was in league with the Illumanati and that the Saints have been using humanoid robots for the past 4 years). Desperate for some relief, I glanced to the side of the screen that shows you what’s next on the show- every fucking segment was about the suspensions! Literally, not one upcoming segment title didn’t feature the words “Saints,” “bounty,” or “suspensions.” All the while, of course, the Bottomline is stuck on an endless loop of this very same news. How many different takes on this subject could honestly be considered compelling? Do we really need every ESPN personality, local sports reporter and opinionated NFL player’s thoughts on the matter? Isn’t the endless Bottomline loop enough? WHERE ARE MY GODDAMN HIGHLIGHTS?!
So, with the decision to make my own style lamp, I headed to my recently acquired pile of scrap wood to find the right pieces to begin. When I was perusing my father-in-law’s scrap pile to identify pieces I wanted, I had purposely chosen pieces I thought would be useful in making a lamp, so it didn’t take me long to find what I was looking for and come up with a rough plan of how my lamp would begin to take shape. For the post, I chose a 4×6 construction timber, and for the base, I picked a nice 2×8 piece of board. I decided that I would mount a nice 4 point antler (half the rack of a very nice 8 point buck) to the base in front of and wrapping around the edge of the post.
As a writer, my primary goal for our wedding ceremony was to find texts that reflected us as a couple, that embodied our sense of humor, and that avoided religion at all costs.
We've forgotten what we owe our dead and what we owe our children. We've even forgotten who attacked us.
He predicted that the nationalisation of mines would “happen in my lifetime”.
“Do not judge, and you will not be judged; do not condemn, and you will not be condemned. Forgive, and you will be forgiven, give, and it will be given to you. A good measure, pressed down, shaken together, running over, will be put into your lap; for the measure you give will be the measure you get back.” (Luke 6: 32-38)
Last time we visited Walt’s, I also tried the macaroni and cheese and fried okra. Both were good.
UPCOMING RESUMES DUE SOON
These are beautiful, and Sally noted that her daughter loves her Gaptastic , wears it all the time, and shares it (somewhat reluctantly) with her friends. There is definitely time to knit up one of these.
The Resolution Kit
I apologise if I have scandalised any readers by forgetting to bow my head at every mention of the name of our Blessed Saviour.
Redwood Bend is the 18th novel in Robyn Carr’s highly acclaimed Virgin River series and this one sees Katie, who readers will remember as Connor from #17′s younger sister, making her way to Virgin River to visit her brother. Now that what kept them apart has been resolved, Katie is looking forward to being close to Connor again. He’s looked after her since the premature loss of their parents and she wants to be close to him for her twin boys’ sake as well. She isn’t sure if she’ll settle permanently in Virgin River, the boys may have needs that will mean living in a larger town. But she’s going to take some time there and see her brother and get to know his new partner Leslie and hopefully just relax.
Keith Eugene Coleman, 34, Warren, N.J.
I am glad she’s on my team.
it's picture time!
This is our kindergarten through 8th grade students and staff supporting our school nurse who was just diagnosed with breast cancer. The school has adopted the motto, “one of our own will not fight alone” and we proudly wear our t-shirts stating this.
The journey started right at 6:30am and we were off. The runners were very cautious for the first few hundred meters with a couple of rocks and the “dog due” right on the middle of the asphault path. The butterflies that I had experienced over the past two hours was gone and was actually feeling good. The runners made the turn at the southern tip of the lake. I noticed to our left that there were a number of tents along the Olympic Club Golf Course. The U.S. Open Golf Tournament will be taking place in the third week of June and you could see that the workers were out in force working on the course. The sun was rising over the Twin Peaks area and we knew that it might get warm though there was a marine and patchy layers of fog in the area. Though there were walkers, runners and cyclists on the course, I don’t believe the runners were ever in danger…..hopefully. We were fortunate to have two water and fluid stations along the course and the runners took every advantage of it. The one on the golf course side of the lake was important because of an incline of nearly 800-1000 meters.
2 teaspoons lemon zest
Fingers crossed that I keep that mindset as I head out to San Francisco to take the next step in my career. Here’s to overcoming any obstacles that the future may bring!
I must attribute Jayden for inspiration for this post. Thank you, Jayden!
Mahek:- It is too easy to say this but its too tough to actually forget. And one more thing I have not committed any crime so that i should forget the past. I respect myself as I did what my heart said and I cherish those small moments. Infact, i would have been dipped into this guilt feeling, had not i said that. My love does not need any reciprocation. I had lot many reasons to find a love, many more to remember them but not a single one to forget that. (Deep breath) Don’t worry, I am not so weak to let the past overshadow my future. I know I will happily manage my future. Bitter moments cannot be forgotten but they cannot close the door for future ones. Infact I am happy to get Aman in my life. (Aman is Mahek’s fiancee).
you with whatever you can dream up!
The exercise calls for the camera to be placed in front of a fixed setting that has continous motion, and for this I used the merging of intersections on the River Trent.
“With this gift of His Infernal Majesty, we have been blessed with the nanosecond attention span, the erosion of patience, the exponential growth of crediulity and gullibility, the silent profiliferation of pornography, and the removal of most of the societal barriers that formerly obstructed it.” (pg. 125)
ah the writing life.. and i still have my day job.
56 7 9.70 , 46 2 3.66
Racked: 05-19-2009
Scritti Politti The sweetest girl UK
For the cookie dough:
That's teenagers for you. But then one day they will probably be an old romantic just like their father. And if they are ever inclined to kiss a girl in a magical place, then Cwm Idwal will still be there, waiting and as wonderful as ever.
Citizen Ruth
WARNING – This episode contains copious amounts of One Direction. Women with heart conditions are advised not to look directly at One Direction. This also applies to women without heart conditions. They’re very pretty – see? See how pretty they are? They’re very pretty! I’d like to run my fingers through their hair; and I’m just text! Anyway, without further ado, enjoy your iCarly episode.
I have just made and shared a free flippy for Easter! It's on my TpT and Teacher's Notebook shops, which you can easily get to by clicking on the picture to head to today's blog post for more info!
Ok so the weekend is here and I am excited cause its a sports packed I am excited its got it all football, rugby, F1 I am uber excited about that cause my weekend is set I am such sports fanantic. I am sitting here typing this and watching sky sports news hehheheheh every man’s dream cause I will probably be the one to tape the big game over the wedding video (thank God for pvr).. Lol
Through the use of a large plasma screen in the new hearing room, as well as other hardware and software, patent and trademark judges are able to see the presenting attorney and receive evidentiary documents electronically. Hearings are conducted as usual even though the parties are hundreds or thousands of miles apart. Many law firms have purchased the necessary equipment so their attorneys can conduct electronic hearings with BPAI and TTAB. Attorneys can also participate in oral hearings from Patent and Trademark Depository Libraries located in Sunnyvale, California; Detroit, Michigan; and at Texas A&M University in College Station, Texas.
Do you consume the Eucharist immediately or can you wait until you go back to your seat? (You consume the Eucharist immediately.)
1/2tsp salt
In fact, Ben Bernanke’s current policy of zero percent interest rates and Quantitative Easing where the Fed buys bonds and mortgages – the specific goal of that is to keep interest rates lower to prop up the housing market. That is an admission by the Fed that low interest rates make housing prices higher than they otherwise would be. So the Fed is acknowledging that interest rates can determine house prices, yet the Fed is saying that interest rates had no effect on house prices during the bubble – which is nonsense: if it wasn’t for the low interest rates, there would not have been a housing bubble.
it wasn't the best of times, it wasn't the worst of times. i'll take it. i usually shoot for an 85% happy average. this year has been no different. i'm thinking i might shoot for the stars in 2011, though. mebbie 87%? it's a good time to think of these things as i pretty much have a clean slate for the year to come, eh? well, until 12:01...when i start screwing things up. ha! optimism ftw!
Marinated items such as olives and capers are part of the raw foodie diet and add quite a lot of zing to dishes, so I've been enjoying this tapenade recipe that I adapted from the cookbook Sundays at Moosewood Restaurant. It keeps for about a week in the refrigerator, so making a big batch and then eating it for snacks and lunches can make your life almost cooking free for several days. It's also perfect for taking to parties and sharing with friends.
I turned on the shower, took off my shirt, and then caught my reflection in the mirror.
Prepare yourselves for a rant.
The letter went on to remind County Executive Mangano and Legislator Schmitt that a supermajority –or 3 votes from their side of the aisle – was required to approve any bonding.
The ASA-AMC Collaboration:
As forceful as Keechie is here, she can also be almost painfully subservient and pathetic elsewhere in the film. In one of the most nauseating scenes, she actually compares her loyalty to Bowie to that of a dog, telling him that a bad dog will take anyone for a master, while a good dog will remain true to the one person it loves. She tells him about one dog who, after its master died, wouldn't take food from anyone else and died not long after, and the obvious implication is that she's like the dog. It's a pretty horrifying analogy, and once Keechie drops her antagonistic initial response to Bowie and the other robbers, the film does little to make Keechie into a more developed character: her only desire is simply to be by Bowie's side, eagerly leaping into his arms at every moment. The limitations in the portrayal of Keechie hold the film back from being completely satisfying, but in other ways it's a worthy noir romance, replete with dark undertones and a poignant depiction of the gap between reality and impossible fantasies.
What the leper wants is to be re-joined to his community. He could now attend Passover and the other feasts in Jerusalem. This leper understands that lone-ranger Christianity is not an option. The leper implores; a form of prayer. He kneels; a form of confession and repentance; and he believes that Jesus will heal. There is an entire model for Christian living in this one verse. But even more remarkable is Jesus’ response in verse 41: “Moved with pity, he stretched out his hand and touched him and said to him, “I will; be clean.” We see Jesus as the Messiah who cares. He is moved with compassion. He sees the ravages of “sin, disease and death which take their toll upon the living, and particularly evident in a leper.”[7] Then the gospel says that Jesus “stretched out his hand and touched him.” There are two points that need to be addressed in this scene. What is the importance of Jesus touching a leper? First of all, from the “perspective of a leper it was an unheard-of act of compassion which must have moved him deeply and strengthened him in his conviction he had not asked for help in vain. Secondly, from the perspective of Jesus’ relationship to the current ritual system of the day, it indicated that he did not hesitate to act in violation of its regulations when the situation demanded.”[8] As one author says: “The ceremonial law gives place to the law of love when the two come into collision.”[9] What is the result of this civil disobedience from our Lord?
Whew, I'm glad that was only a hypothetical. Thanks for playing.
Tertiary fermentation/conditioning in glass at 60F for 5 - 14 days.
now, we ask each other
Sultan: Set aside political differences – Friday, 23 March 2012 17:45
Looking ahead and wishing all the blogger fraternity an excellent and dream filled 2009. I have really enjoyed blogging with you these past months and thank you again for all your kind comments on mine – love them! Blog On!!
So, all in all, I've been a freakin' bowl of sunshine to be around. So I haven't blogged, because I learned many many years ago from a certain adorable bunny that "if you can't say somethin' nice, you shouldn't say nuffin' at all."
Entry #62 (Inspired by recent events in Kansas)
My birthday was 5 days ago, and honestly all I have done is sleep. I didn't even dream...It was too deep of a sleep. How boring. I wonder if thats how Sleeping Beauty felt when she woke up? I've actually had a dream once where I was arranging clothes by size in small, medium, and large...and thought Omg please let me wake up!! What is this??? lol. hmmm.....
Yes, Old School, I understand. But, couldn’t you compile a top ten list of just the music you heard this year and it could be your own personal 2010 Music Top Ten List? You could use it to explain to people your own musical tastes.
But let’s get back to the food joints, Kaanagam was popular for a cup of chaaia (the best cup of tea you’ll ever have!), Runs made (the best) mutton korma with kerala parota and Coronet cooked (the best bl..dy) prawn and fish buryaani, and to top it all you could pay when you (or any of the above mentioned friends) had the money. The only condition was that you had to be from Madras Catering!!
"If any of our responsibility is determined and any gap identified, that our negligence was criminal negligence, and there was an intentional failure, then we are ready to face any consequences," said the minister, Firdous Ashiq Awan, citing the general.
“ I’d have gotten more done, but I thought you were going to be gone longer,” he said.
And now, hereeeeeeee’s Jesus! Right here with me and right there with you! (That’s what the Bible says.) So if Christ is really with us, why don’t we include Him in an active role in our church services and programs? If Christ is really alive and present when we gather in His name, then we should be in for quite the remarkable demonstration of His power and love, every Sunday morning — unless, of course, we make Him step aside before He is finished with His part of the program. Experience Jesus running a church service on Sunday mornings @ 10:45 and Thursday nights @ 6:30 at The Salvation Army Berry Street Worship Center in Nashville, TN — 225 Berry St., 37207.
The thimbles are also stamped images. I used multiple layers of silver embossing powder and while still warm, gently imprinted the stamp image. The button is from my grandmother's stash, the mini spool is a thrift store find that I wrapped in metallic thread and the doily is from the cake decorating section.
The crap she serves is heaping
14. Butch Walker And The Black Widows - The Spade
Jacob Blair ... DJ Burton
dry."
Not to say that the idea of hitting 430,000 words is tempting and rewarding, but given what’s transpiring in the newly revamped beginning for the book so far, I would never be able to break past the extra 40,000 words tops.
The stock price spiked just over two dollars on the announcement and then dropped off to below its trading range of the past few days. This means a lot of stupid money jumped in and got slaughtered within minutes. The market was not efficient shall we say. The long and short of it is it will be very difficult to produce comparable if not improving y/o/y results. So is the company worth any more or less now?
So, wanna see my mess?
Nevertheless, huge challenges lie ahead, including the likelihood of another global recession, which could upset many of Lesotho’s well-crafted economic plans. For now, the tiny mountain kingdom appears to have grasped the perils of unbridled reliance on South Africa’s magnanimity.
Bobby thumbed a diesel down just before it rained,
Hi all, Is it seriously January 2012? I CANNOT believe it! We had a great Christmas holiday with friends and family, now it's time for me to start living my New Years Resolutions! Craft more, eat less, and enjoy the time with family! Okay now onto that first resolution of crafting more. I think I have become Teresa Collins obsessed! Ever since I got her Baby Boutique cartridge for my Imagine I cannot stop playing with it. I just love her style, especially the black and white together with pops of color thrown in.
She looked up at the sun filtering through the auburn leaves and smiled for the first time in 6 months.
Again.
That’s what I’d call properly aligned incentives. It seems like a good way to turn a Ponzi scheme into a wealth-producer.
*Blackfoot term of affection for younger female relative.
There are alternatives to FC. FC is never ethical to use if protecting the rights of the individual is your primary goal. Our most vulnerable deserve our very best. They don't deserve shortcuts that put words and abilities onto them that are not them; it is a devaluing of who they are to say what they are capable of is not good enough.
In some countries, such as Germany, Great Britain and Amercia, people tend to be explicit in communication. Ideas are fully spelled out, and when trying to understand a message, people will depend on what has been actually said or written. In other countries, such as Kenya and Japan, people tend to speak and communicate in an implicit and indirect manner. In this case, people depend on common understanding in knowledge and etiquette to extract the underlying message.
What a truly excellent adventure! It must be done again!
How did your weekend shape up? Did you do anything fun or exciting? Is it frigidly cold where you are too? How do you feel about the NFL Playoffs? Do you care? My team was out a long time ago and the only other teams I would have liked to see go all the way got knocked out yesterday (Thanks Saints. Thanks Broncos.) So for me, football season is pretty much over.
In the same complex of Mocenigo palaces, the Countess of Arundel was two centuries earlier involved in an intrigue with a Venetian noble. It cost Antonio Foscari his life. He was executed on April 21st, 1621, on a charge of mingling with foreigners. The Countess was furious, and told the Doge so. On January 16th, 1623, the Venetian state belatedly issued an apology.
WHY IS THE MOVIE NOT OUT YET. I WANT TO SEE IT SO BADLY.
Shugamama
t-a-k-e y-o-u-r t-i-m-e
So now I'll go back to my "blogging when I feel like it" mode and just be happy!
The Reggae Meets Ska series began with shows in New Jersey with, as the title suggest, a mix of ska, reggae and dancehall bands along with DJ sets. This will be the first show in New York City, and its long overdue. Sadly, the once burgeoning ska show scene that took root in Manhattan in the early 80's at CBGB's and The Continental and then moved to Wetlands in the 1990's and finally The Knitting Factory in the early 2000's, has moved, liked everything else, to Brooklyn. This is a show for all of you who have been resistant to head out to Brooklyn. Hopefully, it will be the first of more ska shows at this venue and others in Manhattan.
9:09 PM – Oh look, CM Punk. He definitely will not make fun of Johnny’s voice. Nope. No sir. He is here to help Johnny. Punk is going to let Johnny know what the WWE fans don’t want to see. And the first thing on his list is, Johnny Ace. Punk goes on to tell Johnny lots of things, the most important being that Johnny is a joke. He then shares with Johnny, that he is stupid, ugly, and has no friends. Punk also believes that Johnny is a toolbox. Yup.
Ever since I read the Candy Magazine, I’ve always dreamed of being part of it, specifically writing for it. I’ve always wanted to visit their publishing house to know what the staffs are doing and how they spend the day in Candy. In fact, that’s one of the reasons why I took this course. Now, I can answer almost all my questions. I had the chance to meet Miss Marla Miniano, Deputy Editor-in-Chief of Candy Magazine. Finally! Thank God our professor gave our final requirement for him to interview one Broadcast Journalist and one Print Journalist. Honestly, the first person who came in to my mind was Miss Kryz Uy, a fashion blogger whom I admire. But unfortunately, she’s not in Manila for the whole month I think. And then Miss Marla popped in to my mind.
The promise of homemade sodas occasionally came back to pluck at the edges of my imagination over the next few years and I ended up acquiring a decent collection of materials about the history and how-to of soda making. One of my favorites is Homemade Soda, a new-ish recipe collection by serial author Andrew Schloss. Not only does he have multiple root beer recipes, he gives various ways to prepare and then carbonate syrup bases; mixing with seltzer, carbonating with a siphon, or even — if you want to try your hand at it — brewing and lightly fermenting.
I may be away some time as we also have a few busy weeks ahead of us in real life, with Birthday celebrations and friends visiting to look forward to.
2 pounds potatoes (we used organic Yukon gold but red would also be good), chopped into 1/2 inch chunks
Road food. Sometimes you’re hungry and just want a little ‘something-something’ in the belly (the other ‘something-something’ comes at the end of the ride…. wink,wink). If you’re ever riding around the back roads between Tatamy and Bath, PA (the beautiful, small town countryside north of 22), be sure to check out Dreamville. If you’re hungry it’s the place to be (especially if you have a sweet tooth!), and if
Hugs Love and a "Bunny" Bus on the Cheek!
So sticking with the subject of Facebook for a minute, another of my favorite titles is that of Spoiler Whore. I will be the first to admit it. I LOVE my spoilers and I don’t care who knows it. For example by the time that the first episode of True Blood Season 3 aired on HBO my poor husband commented that there was perhaps only 5 minutes of footage that he hadn’t already either seen or heard to expect based on all the spoilers I had shared. From videos, to articles, to rumor, I scour the net wanting to know as much as possible before the show airs and NO it doesn’t diminish for me one little bit. I watch the episodes over and over anyway knowing what is coming next. This knowledge allows me to scour for underlying things that I may have missed the first time! Don’t like it? Don’t have me on your wall! But beware …. delete me and you stay deleted. Next day regrets as you miss my non spoiler based ramblings and snark filled comments on your status updates are to be expected and as I am a “friends only” Facebooker … in the end you will be the one that loses out!
Anyway I'll keep you posted as to how the events unfold with the good Doctor.
SEMPLE who was
Sam Clayton - congas
October 15 – DeltaPlex, Grand Rapids, MI
It is written by three lovely ladies (including one Lauren Conrad)
The Bible speaks decisively…resurrection is not simply the continuation of existence; it is resurrection to an endless life in a transformed state of being. For Jesus, bodily resurrection meant resuscitation with transformation. That is, what was a physical and mortal body became a spiritual and immortal body… transformed by the power of God. The significance of Jesus’ resurrection is beyond imagination—it is central to our faith. The resurrection is proof of all of Christ’s claims and it is a solid foundation for our faith!
A tale of Theon Greyjoy’s turn from Rob Stark ally to potential enemy? Which way will he go? His Dad is an annoying dick, but also perfect for the role, i.e. that is what he is supposed to be. I remarked last week, but Patrick Malahide is fantastic in the role in just a few scenes that he has.
And that’s all I want to say.
And Judy and Charlie? They woke up Wednesday morning to 8-10 inches of snow on the mountain. Tennessee is never dull!
C & L lists Horses Ass for Washington State and a blog I’ve read for a long time.
“Oh, how I am going to miss this place,” I thought, deeply disturbed by the negative energy of a sorrow that I knew was fast approaching. I failed to pay attention to the lake that was alive, chattering to my left.
Meanwhile other ‘emerging’ economies led by India and Brazil are also trying to expand their manufacturing industries in an effort both to match China’s prowess in this regard and to close the gap in living standards and incomes with the developed western world.
Here's a chronicle of some of the rides Little Lewie went on for his first amusement park adventure. If he didn't exactly know what it meant to "go on rides" before, he certainly knows the phrase now. I may have been seven years-old for my first amusement park experience but what can I say? Three is the new seven.
According to the Pennsylvania police the car was slammed into a tree and had burst into flames that they could not get out in time.
And a coupla broken bones.
Paper - scraps
For just one example, take "right livelihood." Roy Eugene Davis is not a Buddhist (he's actually one of the original disciples of the yogi Paramahansa Yogananda), but he essentially speaking about right livelihood in his book Life Surrendered in God: Handbook to New Era Discipleship when he says:
My mother took the phone into the other room as I cleaned my plate. It was only 10am and we weren’t scheduled to be at the diamond for another couple hours. I was always so anxious on game day. I would pace the hallway and toss the ball into my glove and imagine throwing a runner out from center field or hitting a ball to the gap for a double. Time would just crawl by it seemed.
I immediately imagined the people who were up there, and my worldview expanded in a day from Pokemon and yo-yo's to international relations. As I listened to George Bush acknowledge the day's tragedy, I was enraptured with the response he promised to deliver to these killers. I was suddenly an ardent kill-em-all neocon that would make Terry Jones blush. From here I derived a fun motto: "I am a recovered neocon. I was in puberty, what's your excuse?"
4. Repeat step 2, and try to increase the number of right-foot push-offs per minute by two to five. Follow up with another recovery jog.
I’ve never been that great with emotions. Because I’m not so great at dealing with them, there are times when I try to protect myself so I try to ignore them. Ignoring emotions doesn’t mean they go away, it just means you are stock piling them for another day. Eventually something else comes along and gets pushed to the top of the pile. The metaphoric pile can’t take anymore, it’s too high, there is too much and it all comes crashing down and you end up dealing with the whole lot in one go.
Pretty soon we will only find these posts in my archives, but until then, I will keep moving forward.
i smile. pretending that there was nothing to worry. during the group disscussion, i asked innocently to the panels, "maaf , boleh kami bangun untuk berbincang?" thank you. and another bluntly shot question, "where did u get the paper?" and they all looked at me like i was an alien who suddenly appear from nowhere into the room. =.= . and to my relief, a friend (nice boy he is) tear down his and handed it over to me. alhamdulillah. i thanked him for his kindness and continued discussing with the others who seemed relieved too to find the solution. hehe (saya buat gimik boleh pagi tu) :D
"I get a form asking me to nominate up to three artists in each category, from which the company takes the four most nominated for the shortlist. Then we get to vote again for the winner.
The campaign is not doing their homework though, Bain Capital and Mitt Romney saw the creation of tens of thousands of jobs by companies like Staples, Sports Authority and Domino’s Pizza. But they accused Romney of having a grandfather who was a polygamist too. It was his great-grandfather, when that was part of Mormon custom. And they ignored the fact that Obama’s father had multiple wives, as did his grandfather.
The moment was so intense and my heart leaped when Jake escaped from that man. And just when I thought it was over, the man reached for the penknife on the ground with one hand and grabbed Jake by his ankle with another. Jake tripped and fell. The man got onto his feet and picked Jake up by the neck and started to choke him. He even slashed Jake a couple of times on his arm.
- Gives an healthy Independence to the kids
Ophelia was a child, a princess of her destinies
Do you think you have an accent?
And though it might seem like nothing will ever come of that interest, there might be ingredients to a fulfilling career/pre-occupation lying in wait that will emerge in the long run.
I'll try not to say anything too fucked up!
Even if you don't like coleslaw you should try it because my husband and daughter love this and still claim not to like coleslaw. We like it with pulled pork on buns (very American) and also as a side with oven fried chicken.
so i looked around a bit for some inspiration.
Even the Disney movies get in on the act, making even the adults cry with their sad tales, which thankfully always ends happy and teaches us a lesson to boot! Animated movies have come a long way, with Disney and Pixar etc., and are movie blockbusters, with big name stars behind the voices. (My favorite part of the movie is trying to figure out the name behind the voice, lol.)
Ironic how you say you “have no appreciation for languages and the little subtleties and beauty some people find in them… when they write paragraphs or essays, the sentences bleed emotion and they put images in your head.”
What was really refreshing about this book was the fact it moved us from the usual steampunk locations (usually Victorian London or the old west) and moved us to place we usually don’t get to see. The book climaxes in the Ukraine while the characters are making a mad dash to China.
1. When they phone, I enjoy asking telephone call operators in Mumbai what the weather is like there at this time of year. The answer is invariably "Hot", "Wet" or "Hot and wet".
'I love it - I'm giving this copy to a friend and buying another for myself' - Darren Adam, Presenter, Radio Forth, 17 November 2008
That should do us for a year or two. No more pepper fits.
Nonions.
How can god give girls so much power? How can they turn productive, busy and ambitious men into a wilting mass of uselessness.
Do I love well?
I cooked Sautéed Munggo with Alugbati. I think the main ingredients for this recipe is native only to the Philippines.
Those who frequently read about music will recognize the format from Legs McNeils’ canonical Please Kill Me: The Uncensored Oral History of Punk, John Cook’s Our Noise: The Story of Merge Records, and Mark Yarm’s recent Everybody Loves Our Town: An Oral History of Grunge. All use the oral history form to great effect. Taylor’s is equally engrossing. Over the course of five years, he interviewed over 200 people in London, producing some 950,000 words of transcribed interviews, before winnowing his selections down to the wriggling mass of text that fills these 400 pages. The book not only asks, “What is London?” it asks, “Who is a Londoner?” As Taylor says in the introduction, his goal was “to assemble a collage of voices that could yield a richness about a place and time.” He wanted to do so in a way that created the “narrative arc and emotional truth” and “pace and texture of a good novel.” He isn’t fooled about the project, though. “Whatever it is,” he says, “Londoners is not a definitive portrait; it’s a snapshot of London here and now.”
So now that I have talked and talked about the world of magic and vampires it kind of makes me want to read Harry Potter once again. I looked to my bookcase and saw all seven of the books aligned. I decided it was time to take out the first book again and be aborsbed into the world of magic.
I can only hope Adam can make better decisions for Tony Lucca in the finale. Tony’s there, so now it’s time to prove that he deserves it, Adam.
* He was 5'11" and apparently was pretty hot, by English standards in the early 1800s anyway.
Geez, Wally just can’t catch a break today. Having to deliver a heart to a Vlativian Queen with second-rate bad guys hounding him… not exactly the best of days. Still, the story itself was solid and was more than enough to make up for villains I’ve never heard of (also helps that a good chunk of the plot was taken from the comics). Kid Flash’s greatest physical strength would be his speed, so to have him fail to deliver something when given a time limit gives great depth to his character. Hands down the best YJ member when it comes to straight-up sympathy from the series episodes and not comicbook backstory when looking up other characters’ respective Wikis (that would go to Robin).
I've been doing this 21 Day Organization Challenge with Toni at A Bowl Full of Lemons, and it's been fun and very worthwhile. However, I've missed just puttering around and doing tablescapes. Sooo.....decided to do a post that I could link to the tablescape divas out there in blogland. I'm starting to get the hang of taking before pictures, because I took some of these just after I put the Christmas decor away and got my tables all cleaned and polished.
"Besides the obvious actions that were now immediately needed, to learn about her cancer and treatment plan and how we could best support Vanessa in this new, crappy situation..." Jessica explained in a recent interview. "...we also found we all felt like we needed to act, immediately, in another way, too, to make our dream to start a future business together 'real'.
Sift the flour, baking soda, baking powder, salt, cinnamon, allspice, and cloves together into a separate large bowl.
Yep, that's by big bag-o-awesome up there. I got to try a big bag of A Happy Green Life in the Country Apple scent, yum! Actually, I should say that I am currently trying the bag, as it lasts 50/100 wash loads and lasts forever!
‘Tired of hearing about it, they said’.
Maybe? Possibly? :)
There is no single author; the Amazon product information says "By the Editors of New Word City", whoever they are. The "book" is not an unpleasant read, and the information in it seems to be well researched and accurate, but it simply was too short when I had expected a full biography - I had finished it in less than an hour, when I had really settled down with it for a long, comfortable read in my armchair.
With the advent of spring, many of us begin to shed excesses of all kinds. It happens organically as we shed layers of clothing and open the drapes. Some of us cut our hair. Some of us lose weight. Some of us exercise more. Some of us renovate our homes. Some of us donate things we don’t need anymore. And why? To breathe in fresh air, create a new view, take a lighter stand in the world – all of which serve to make us stronger and more present. To reflect the sun.
In case you were wondering … the cheeses listed in the Monty Python cheese shop sketch are:
The narrative skips from the didactic and haughty to histrionic and ribald, and this linguistic tactic plays a vital role in the plot as the clarity of diction mingles with playful rhetoric, illustrating Cornelius’ despicable yet endearingly tragic persona. Donleavy displaces his protagonist in a foreign culture, dramatising the tawdriness and lack of soul in a modern world, as Cornelius declares: “I don’t belong in this country…This city is against me.” New York and its flagrantly flawed social ethos is portrayed with topographical realism, which airs the city’s dirty laundry with a characteristically rebarbative tone. Donleavy sneers with impeccable finesse at modern-day America, which is characterised by “big envy, big lust, big greed”, and is a place that’s “sad and bitter”, “a land of lies…vulgarity, obscenity and money. A country of sick hearts.” The character ensemble in A Fairy Tale of New York is chaotically heterogeneous and consists of personages who seem to teeter on the edge, most notably Cornelius’ love interest, the pale-limbed Park Avenue blonde by the name of Fanny Sourpuss, who is obsessed with his “marvellous twitching cock” and constantly pleas for him to “undertake her”. But Cornelius has ideas of his own. Here he is weighing up his options: “Marry and be rich. Stay free and be poor” while “She gets richer. And I get a worn cock. Till death do you part. And your prick falls off in heaven.”
Esther requests that the king and Haman come to the banquet ‘this day’. God is giving very clear time connections so we do not miss the chronology. That day is the 3rd day of the fasting, the 16th day of the 2nd month. It goes on to say:
Gavin and I went to the library. I got some GREAT movies (Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close, The Help, Winters Bone, and more).
Description: They say that you don’t know what you’ve got until you lose it. I didn’t need to lose mine to know what I had.On one fateful day two years ago, I lost my family to a terrible accident. Unable to live without them, I made a deal with The Grim Reaper. I traded my soul for the four souls of my family.
a cascade of meanings we aren’t meant to fully gloss.
TLB: "I know. I'm, like, a genius."
Do you know how hard it is to take a close up picture of your ear without showing your face? Really hard. I must have taken about 20 pictures of these super cute earring I
The people who manage salmon in Lake Michigan will have to decide soon how many fish to put into the lake. The salmon fishery is a man-made industry in the Great Lakes. It’s produced by planting millions and millions of fish in the lakes. But keeping the salmon population in balance with the food supply is a challenge these days. And some scientists are raising new questions about the salmon’s demise in Lake Huron and whether that can be stopped in Lake Michigan.
Last but not least, Way to Go, Karen!! Karen commented last week that she is on 3 weeks of menu planning! Woohoo!! In a couple more weeks, it’ll feel like a habit that you couldn’t imagine not doing! Praying for your continued dedication to managing your home! Way to go!
1 NY strip steak (or any other cut you prefer)
Its a good idea to write your 30 Second Elevator Speech. Refine it, and watch the reactions of others as you say it. Its not an easy thing because it sometimes has to change depending on your audience. Find key words to put in your elevator speech. Especially if it makes people money, saves time, or solves a particular problem. People do not want to hear how long you have been in business, they want to hear what’s in it for them, and why you? Passion and the solution to their problem is the formula. See ya in the elevator…
16And am I to go on waiting while they have nothing to say? while they keep quiet and give no more answers?
One year ago today I arrived in Buenos Aires. What a truly amazing year it has been!
But on Monday, I loaded the machine, turned it on, shut the utility door and set about making soup with Squirt. At one point I turned round to get some water from the sink...and squealed - water was flooding in under the door.
Of reason
Long Shot: Elizabeth Olsen (Lead Actress)
the swallow would nurse with the bear
I don’t know if it’s always the last two lines that need to be cut–sometimes they come up earlier… but it is true, in my experience, that nothing is done perfectly the first time.. practice makes perfect… and practice is fun.
Many moons ago, I used to swear like a sailor who hasn't gotten laid in months. I cleaned up my act, because, frankly, it's not the same cursing in Spanish (even with an exaggerate "r" in "reputissima madre" for example) or using more benign, polite phrases, like "darn it all" or "crap". Ideally, the colorful and meaty English counterparts give emotional gravitas to that thing or action to which you refer, which means that writing a piece or delivering a line peppered with offensive language is challenging. It has to be coherent, keep the piece moving, and be entertaining at the same time. This is easy if you're Annie Wilkes in Misery:
These frequencies have been building around you for many years, but the strength and frequency continue to build and more notes are added to the symphony, as it were. As more of you begin to awaken, the attraction to you and your planet of these frequencies increases.
Is it that it feels more like a picture book than a tool for adults to properly glean information? Or is it because it standardises the whole beer drinking experience, and deprives each beer of its individuality, allure and sense of mystery? (The Cyclops website states that the system's primary intention is to "de-mystify beer"... Can you imagine the whisky trade embracing this?)
And lastly - Zombieland. I stumbled across this one accidentally and I totally give it two dead thumbs up. It’s a zombie flick for those of you with a quick wit and dry sense of humour. I loved Woody Harrelson in this. Zombie Type – fast-moving.
The next morning we went to the hospital and had an ultrasound and were told that everything looked fine! We could not believe it! It was too early to see a heartbeat but apparently everything looked great and the bleeding was coming from a blood clot in my uterus. That sounded pretty scary to us but the nurses kept saying "oh, it's only a blood clot, thats great news" so we assumed that it was all okay. The doctors put me on progesterone supplements and injections of HCG to try and 'support' the pregnancy.
Fresh Asparagus, Tomato, and Feta Salad
150ml milk
Grayson nodded, but he wasn’t really listening. I knew I should have killed the bastard myself. It was obvious that somehow she’d gone south after Valderas had contacted her through the priest.
Lemon juice – 2 teaspoons (or orange juice – 2 teaspoons)
Her parents decided that we had to forgo camping and we stayed the night at a nearby cabin instead. Oh well.
I guess the carnival is the place to be in order for 12-year olds to get hit on by 40 year-old tattooed drunks with no teeth. Because there was a lot of that going on.
The bounty of the friar and wisdom hath so won
An Ceann Comhairle: ￼ ￼ The Minister should refer her comments through the Chair.
when she shakes her tail
Wow, it has been months since I've posted, and really pretty much that long since I've had some time to craft. My usually overflowing stash of cards has been completely depleted and instead of focusing on Christmas, I needed to get some much needed birthday cards created. I can't tell you how great it feels to be creating something again. Sometimes I forget just how therapeutic, my hobby is.
When I returned home, I couldn't wait to give Parker his new monkey as belated birthday gift. We talked about how the monkey was a special gift from mommy and how it will always be there to snuggle with him, especially during moments that I can't. We named him "Sock". Parker has sleep disorders, and Sock was one way of working through them. It instantly was his companion, a comfort item and he toted it around everywhere...
P.S. Thanks for all the comments about my last post mourning the loss of Picnik. Picnik certainly had many fans!!! I used PicMonkey to add the text to the first photo. It is easy to use and the fonts are stylin' - I jumped for joy seeing Lobster Two! They say collages are coming soon! Some Picnik folks went to PicMonkey and you can see it. It is web based, but you need to pull your photos in from your computer, and can edit one photo at a time. I hope they are able to add direct integration with Flickr at some point and make the whole process online, but it a great start!
That, to me, is infinitely more heroic and selfless than strutting around Europe at the invitation of a proudly Marxist political party, pretending you're superior because you were punished according to the law for your own free actions - whilst knowing the people you see as dupes or pawns are keeping your family safe as their own lie awake wondering if there will be a phone call or a midnight knock, and just how bad the news will be.
Best Fan Writer: Frederik Pohl
JLL report that rents fell by 3.1% in Q1, 2011 which represents a moderation in the pace of declines which have been running at over 20% annualized in the previous four quarters.
Another Unibrou selection. I'm feeling slightly tipsy at this point, so why not have a 9% Alcohol by volume beer. Dark mahogany color with a quickly dissipating tan head. I want you to take my review of Maudite, subtract the apple smell and increase the brown sugar flavor. 3 Stars.
Recipe for Pecan, Orange & Cocoa cookies:
Soak horseradish in vinegar overnight. Drain in a sieve over a bowl, pressing horseradish until dry. Discard dry portion and to the strained liquid, add remaining ingredients. Beat well with a rotary beater. Makes about 1 1/3 cups.
I read it, and then passed it on to Tracey, without offering an opinion on it myself.
Divya is my first blogger friend and gave me so much inspiration to do more and more and im always very thankful to her. She has a lovely blog and with full of Indian recipes. She uploads each and every day with lot varieties of recipes.
She told me that Mel was intelligent and sweet, but unable to get and hold a job. Apparently, he spent much of his time working out as a body builder. She knew he had the intelligence and charm to get himself a fine job (perhaps as a salesman), but he was entirely lacking in confidence in himself.
She wrote on it:"From one mother to another mother for many other mothers."
Women are disproportionately employed in government, typically as teachers or administrators of some kind.
series of steps, collectively known as the Design Process, which Landscape Architects employ when designing outdoor spaces - regardless of scale. This methodological approach to design enables the Landscape Architect to clearly identify the optimal arrangement between the elements they hope to incorporate into a landscape and its existing natural and constructed features.
The tension between the Hooper and Quint characters was quite real in that those working on the film have stated that Robert Shaw and Richard Dreyfuss hated each other in real life.
that all who look upon it
06 The Little Girl I Once Knew
Bekah - yellow and purple, we are rainbows
Whether you have a year or a matter of months to plan you will have enough time to plan every detail. I promise. All it takes is hiring vendors who you trust, a helpful fiancé and group of friends and organization.
Really excited about finally meeting Rachel Hawkins. I'll find out if what they say aboout her is really true. I hope not. I feel terribly intimidated by talented writers.
◦Preheat oven to 375º
“Here’s hoping, haven’t given a lot of that today.” Turning with a smile he leaves the examining room.
Big concepts written with straightforward talk. You’ll learn heaps about God and how all of Christian thought works together as a whole. Just brilliant stuff.
2. Owls hunt silently. All you hear is the scream of the bunny victim.
Do you claim to be a Christian? If you are, don’t you know that you are bought with a price? Don’t you know that you are not your own? Don’t you know that you belong to the Lord Jesus Christ as a member of His body? Don’t you know that in this holy, perfect arrangement He is ordering your steps?
I have a pair of course, but I only wear them in height of the summer heat.
To disguise
The First Air Race
You're trying to get too much information in this paragraph. By cramming in all this stuff, you leave me with nothing but questions. Questions like: who cares if WMN was killed in an explosion? Why would an FBI agent feel threatened by rhyming poems for godsake. Death by Hallmark?
The Arab revolution that stood against political dictatorships sparked off the indignatos in Spain and Greece to stand up against the dictatorship of finance capital. The first tentative demand to emerge form the #OWS is the Robin Hood Tax but already it's clear that even to make this demand the movement needs to unite with workers everywhere and build for a general strike to bring down the capitalist regimes and open the road for real democracy. The general strike called by #OccupyOakland for November 2 follows closely on the 48 hour general strike in Greece. There will be many more. Based on collective consciousness, action and self-defence this can be the beginning of the revolution. After Robin Hood comes the trial of the Sheriff and then the deposing of King John.
Everyone is bullshitting too much with this. Plain and simple, the economy sucks, college grads need help, and Obama is just a panderer. The message is short and sweet: “Obama’s economy sucks, so we need to extend loan interest cuts.”
b) how he might come across on Question Time
There are 86 Makki Surahs (chapters)and 28 Madani Surahs (chapters)There in the Qur’an.
So, I would get in place, press the remote button which focused my shot for me, dropped the remote to the floor or threw it out of the shot before my 2 seconds was up, and I ended up with a perfectly focused shot with no ugly eye sore in my right hand.
I had picked up a tub of pasteurized lump crab meat during my last run through Sam's Club. Valentine's Dinner seemed like the perfect opportunity to create luscious crab cakes with it. I love good crab cakes, and think that the best recipe lets the sweetness of the crab shine through. I don't want a lot of filler, and don't need heavy seasonings. I want to enjoy the richness of the crab, and Virginia Crab Cakes are the pure heaven for me.
Next, I remove the liners and laces because they just get in the way. Then I brush off any dirt/shavings/manure still clinging from the last time I wore them.
Ballast Point Sculpin IPA 8
I see your struggles being clean. More pain than joy. It’s a time in your life where the scales may not be balanced. You are working so hard to change but everyone is saying, no. So many frustrations, what is the use?
* Edited in: I remembered wrongly: the quote Jenny read out was about the soul:
An Aadhaar card with number : 4991 1866 5246 was issued in the name of Mr Kothimeer (Coriander), Son of Mr Palav (Biryani), Mamidikaya Vuru (Village Raw Mango), of Jambuladinne in Anantapur district. As the card displayed the photo of a mobile phone, officials have no clue of the address where the card has to be delivered.
Call Blushing Bride today to schedule your appoinment 618-628-7800
Watching “He Lives in You” at one of the revues. It gave me chills. I think that same revue they did a HAIR medley. it was excellent.
I have a year left. I don’t know if I’ll make it.
Bonus stage was also added at the end, you can enter it if you found the ‘Special Monster’. Kill robber Spiegelmann and he will drop a Box of Greed. From the box you can get~
Please give these Lemony Leeks a try and find your bliss too.
What can be the horizon ahead and how will the collectivity and the state interests be tutored remain to be clarified, yet the fact is that governance is in the hands of Hezbollah leading the initiative and setting the offensive tempo to erase the international obligations.
SH: I'm opposed to it. It was hurting me.
“But you haven’t finished your testing of me yet,” Shallan said, forcing herself to be bold. “Surely you won’t give judgment until you have.”
when I think of you
An industrial and provident society is a legal entity for a trading business or voluntary organisation. The Community Benefit Societies Act 2003, which has introduced the concept of an asset lock to prevent specified assets being used for unintended purposes. They can carry out any legal business except that of investment for profit. They can either by a cooperative or trade as a charity for the benefit of the community. These restriction might make it unsuitable to run a whole town though it has been used in New Towns such as Crawley to own whole estates set up and run as housing copartnerships for the sole benefit of their members.
I call this one up when I notice myself longing for something different. For instance, my husband, due to unavoidable travel, recently missed a holiday with us. Over and over during that day, I naturally found myself wishing he could be home to share our celebration. I felt the lack of his presence as surely as I could feel the temperature of the air, or the solidity of the empty chair that sat at his place. Rule #2 pulls me away from that longing for a few minutes and asks me to notice the flouncy skirt and mismatched leggings my 4-year-old joyfully wears that day, and the particular expression my older daughter has on her face as she draws a detailed picture of a house filled with princesses. I notice the sound of our kitty as she brings me the catnip mouse I made for her, and the not-so-perfect turkey cutlets I cooked, the creamy potatoes, the crisp lettuce with my favorite dill dressing. When I focused my attention on these details around me, I noticed how tiny and simple and beautiful they each were. They converged for only a short space in time, and if I had been lost in longing land, I would have missed them, too. So I say softly to myself, “Rule #2, Be where you are.” And I am. For now.
Real life example:
Gorgeous pineapples (to which I seem quite enamoured with lately) but for some reason this has come out waaaaaaaaaaaay smaller than the finished 34 inches stated in the pattern.
Like in a support group,
I was particularly struck by the collision of nature and the urban world. Overhead, crows harassed the omnipresent eagles, and on the surface of the lake, my companion and I plucked empty plastic bottles — apparently flung by wealthy weekend boaters — from the water.
CPJ: “Punch them in the nose.”
Thanks for checking out all of my photo sessions I post each week!
SS: It’s nothing we want to escape from.
Few of us who haven't served in a military operation in a tropical climate know the very muted joy of biting into a Hershey's Tropical Chocolate Bar.
Coat has seen it all - been there got the T-shirt if you like. Coat knows me like no other.
At one point in the evening, I got off the four-wheeler and tried to catch one with the verbal guidance of my fellow frog-catchers. We spotted the fat, burping frog that was to be mine. Sinking my legs into the muddy water, I followed the light beam…creeping slowly towards the frog. My hand moved closer and closer to its back. With each breathe, I watched its body inflate. and deflate. I stopped mid-motion. In this moment, it felt similar to the feeling I’ve had when standing next to an ice cold river waiting to jump in. My desire to jump in was just as strong as my desire to say put. I was frozen in the middle, turmoiled in decision-land. In those crucial seconds, my hand simply would not move. I had this irrational fear that the frog would turn around and bite me or its slippery skin would somehow feel completely unbearable. I’m adventurous, I love being outdoors, but my city-girl lifestyle started to gain immediate transparency. Snapping out of it, I decided to retreat from the frog. Following this decision, I looked up to see 5-6 foot snake slither into the same body of water that I stood…about 3 feet too close to me. Needless to say I turned around as fast as I could and hopped back on the four-wheeler. From then on, I stuck to my role as photographer. Below you’ll find a photographic journey of our evening, and into the next day of food preparation:
Traded
In Ithaca I saw the snow fly for the first time this season. Nothing stuck, but, as soon as I saw the white stuff, I started craving a heavy, dark, roasty, hoppy, stout. What is it about this time of year that makes me want a stout?
3. We must avoid hypocrisy. As true believers we love to tell people about what the Bible says. But we must act out our own preaching in our own lives!
Now... does anyone know where I can get some small Bruins buttons?
NOTE: if you cannot get preserved ginger in syrup, you can also chop up some crystalised candied ginger and substitute honey or another sweet, syrupy ingredient for the ginger syrup. If you use the substitute, I would recommend blitzing the candied ginger in a food processor or grinder to get it into small pieces, because it’s much harder than the preserved stuff. I would also possibly recommend increasing the powdered and fresh ginger then to 1.25 teaspoons each (as you miss the ginger kick from the syrup). I think my kids prefer this substitution in fact; although I like the preserved ginger version myself.
- Today was the first whole day that Dan and I have had together in what feels like ages. We had lunch in Wetherspoons, found Ben & Jerry's on offer in Tesco (2 for £6) then came back and watched films. It seems like so long ago already that we had every single day together over the summer.
9. Carolina Panthers DT Quinton Coples (UNC) The Panthers were able to put up some points this year but in many of those situations their QB made some bad decisions and threw games away. If Carolina gets some defensive support maybe Newton could cut down on some of his mistakes instead of always looking to extend the play.
The lack of chemistry was obvious from the moment we met, only her beauty distracted me. I thought I was making the extra effort out of curtsy. Possibly, the idea that I am so likeable that ALL women should like me, if they would only open up to me I could help them. RIGHT !! Radical acceptance of the truth often saves me from total destruction.
4. Thank the blogger who nominated you.
So there it is. You now know Harbingers thoughts as well as I do. There is pain and truth in equal measure there.
I realized while transferring pictures to my computer that the past 3 dinners I had with my boyfriend was all noodles! We frequent these places often when we are near Metrotown. The food isn't super outstandingly delicious but food is decent enough and most importantly, cheap!!
I don’t usually make $14,000 purchases. So even if we hadn’t quit our jobs to travel the world this amount would make me a little jumpy. The idea of double miles is my solace in this sea of spending! This purchase alone gave us 28,000 miles.
Barack Obama’s latest campaign slogan “Forward!” also happens to be a Nazi marching tune.
December 30
When BNP officials objected to the appointment and warned that this would be severely damaging to the BNP’s public image, Griffin dismissed the objections as “irrelevant” because the Kitchens were “consenting adults and no-one would care less.”
The author, Maureen Sterans, B.A., M.S. has really hit on something here. I wish this was available when I was struggling through math.
some pics. below - there was a lot on hands -on activity but I won't load up the 50 odd photos! about 10 here to give an idea!
When she opened her eyes, he was gone.
I made many of the things for the party using my Cricut machine. I made the fun mustaches, the horses on the tables, the banner, the signs and the Audrey banner using my Cricut. Oh, I also made the cupcake toppers as well.
Bands/Performers I've Seen Live--A More-than-likely Incomplete List
pictures from tfs
Causes of death in foreign travelers:
This year’s Formula One race in Bahrain is very divisive, and has added to the tensions between the government and protestors. Indeed, there are more protests, and more repression, as a direct result of Formula One. Police have been using birdshot and live ammunition in the Shia villages where protests are centred, in an attempt to dampen down activities that could disrupt the government’s efforts to portray Bahrain as being back to normal.
no fate(for you are my fate,my sweet)i want
She appears as an incarnation of the crone or winter aspect of the female deities of old. She is the carrier of wisdom, the guardian of the life and death gates, the overseer of the cold months, and the stewardess of story.
At one point Haye picked up and swung a tripod and Booth, who was trying to break things up, was left with a wounded face.
Don't talk about yourself in the third person. The QueryShark finds it annoying.
Franklin claimed that the President began attending Church to bolster his political career and is a Muslim under Islamic law. “Islam sees him as a son of Islam because his father was a Muslim, his grandfather was a Muslim, great grandfather was a Mulsim and so under Islamic law, the Muslim world sees Barack Obama as a Muslim,” Graham said
persons, ie, those who are legally without citizenship from any country. However, it has long been acknowledged that this definition accounts for only a portion of the individuals who are not receiving the protection of a nation state.
22.07.08 US Chapel Hill, Night Light
(Gazette) A religious rights group is calling for the removal of the Air Force Academy’s top officer after a flap over a speaker planned for a February prayer luncheon at the school.
That is all I will say about labor and delivery.
Some people say that when it comes to pushing it is a relief, obviously these people are fucking liars, because it hurts so fucking much that I find it necessary to describe the degree of pain associated with pushing out a baby with no pain medication by using the word fuck. It fucking hurts.
STORYCOMM
Van Til was deeply suspicious of Barth’s simple declarations that the Bible is the Word of God, and he interpreted Barth’s is as merely becoming and not as being. He believed that Barth failed to leave behind neo-Kantian presuppositions and German idealism, abandoning realism and a correlation between scripture and the Word of God. Van Til, however, properly understood Barth’s objection that orthodoxy had objectified scripture and the Word of God, leaving the human as the subject to dominate the Object, but did Van Til read into Barth a too settled distinction between scripture and the Word of God, allowing being to be interpreted only through the lens of becoming.
Derrick Wilson was charged with coercing a North Carolina woman into having a sex for money, said sheriff’s office spokeswoman Becky Herrin.
The Cuban officers “questioned whether the DIS has the necessary influence with his bosses at USCG District Seven (headquartered in Miami Beach) to mitigate these kinds of incidents,” the cable added.
It’s got nine cosponsors — all sitting Councilmembers who had an opportunity to sign on except Jack Evans and David Catania.
When your company launches a new product, often the office is in abuzz with excitement. So as the marketing team, what’s your plan? You’ve deployed all of the traditional marketing methods to get the word out, but something new may just take your marketing endeavors to the next level. Why not host an educational webinar to entice customers?
Hollinson, Harry. Illustrated by Butler, Leslie and Bayly, Cecil. Rockets and Space Ships. London : Perry Colour Books Ltd. (44 p.) 19 cm. "Do You Know" series. 1953
Media consultant and trainer Thomas Roth who conducted the management training said the course assisted the participants in identifying strategic tools that will improve programming and the performance of the stations.
along with a Caesar Salad
Being daylight, most of the reports are of a white object with blue and green being most mentioned secondary colors. The average brightness reported by witnesses was between that of the sun and the light produced by a full moon. While this is most likely a random event, there is a possibility this fireball was a member of the Lyrid meteor shower.
Three weeks ago the Institute told Reuters, in an interview later published in media ranging from the New York Times to ESPN.com, that the Soccer World Cup could come to be regarded as key milestone in changing attitudes about the African continent. It is also the Institute’s view that the risks commonly associated with South Africa’s World Cup, including crime, a shortage of accommodation, and weak transport infrastructure will not adversely affect the tournament. Planning around the tournament appears to have been very effective as demonstrated by the now complete stadiums which are hugely impressive sporting arenas. On this score alone the sceptics about our ability to host the tournament appear to have got it wrong. The World Cup tourist experience of South Africa will be one of the best tourist experiences in the world. In almost every respect the factors that South Africa can control in arranging the World Cup appear to be well under control. But international terrorism is not something over which we have the capacity to exercise much control. In addition one of the most effective assets that any terrorist group can possess is to convince its next target that they are no longer at risk. South Africans should therefore be a little less hasty to dismiss the risk of the World Cup being targeted and realise that the scourge of global terror applies to all societies and particularly under circumstances such as those pointed out above. - Frans Cronje” http://www.sairr.org.za/sairr-today/sairr-today-how-vulnerable-is-south-africa2019s-soccer-world-cup-to-a-major-terrorist-attack-14th-january-2009/
Anyway, just a few photos of me practicing the dance. Ignore the messed up hair, I'd not long woken up!
I’m not afraid to stand up for what I believe in,
Suddenly the bell sounded. He just got up and left. Abby stayed seated, heart broken.
For our main I cooked Chilli chicken with basil and coconut cream from Cooking Class Thai by Australian Womans Weekly. Havn’t cooked from this cookbook much at all, but this recipe was really successful so I’ll definitely be using it again once this challenge is over. It was very simple and quick to cook using only a few ingredients, and best of all it tasted like something you would order in a Thai restaurant. It was very coconutty but the herbs and chilli kept it from veering into a bland dish. The recipe called for a lot of fish sauce, which I was a little worried about as it is such a pungent ingredient with a really strong taste (its made from fermented anchovies), but I stuck with it and it really worked. Both myself and boyfriend enjoyed the dish, although it was very rich and he couldn’t finish it all. I’m clearly made of tougher stuff. Next time I would probably cook it as part of a Thai feast with several other dishes to balance out the richness, and wouldn’t serve it just after a rich French starter.
Large pinch of sugar
AEC + Real Estate Sessions
I wasn’t brave enough to take a photo of the chef, just feet away, making the crepes, but I wish I had captured his method of preparing a sunny-side-up egg. He’d crack it on top of a crepe full of ingredients, then grab the yolk with his left fingertips and move it in a small circle while cutting around underneath it with a knife in his other hand. It looked like a quick and efficient method of getting all the white to separate from the top of the yolk, so it would cook appropriately without leaving slimy bits of uncooked white. I imagine it would take some practice to master this technique, but it might be worth the effort….
I forget things all the time. It's rare that I walk out of the house without having to run back in to grab something I forgot. Just a few weeks ago, I walked out without my keys, but I did remember to bring my kids, and to lock the door behind me. I found myself outside in the cold with no keys for the car, and no way to get back into the house.
But to get back to the point of this post... I like the Drudge Report, but I didn't like the way they poked fun at Ms. Clinton's appearance. I admire Hillary for stepping out without makeup. I also thought the slams on her for partying in a Colombian nightclub were so much ridiculous sour grapes. I don't get the criticism. By all accounts she and her entourage kept their pants on, which can't be said for the Secret Service. She was mingling and having fun with the locals, which is what our state department personnel should be doing.
Hope you guys enjoyed the full nursery post! That room really has turned out to be our favorite in the house thus far. It took a lot of hard work, but it's something we both truly love and are proud of. What do you think of it? Anything you would've done differently?
That's a lie, I will definitely cry, and I will probably quit running forEVER.
Blends Well With: Everything really, but is exquisite with other florals, all the citrus oils, frankincense, geranium, sandalwood. Jasmine is highly odoriferous, so use sparingly.
My inner sense of curiosity of ‘where I could go on two wheels’ now had me scoping out the local library and researching the internet. Cycling is one of life’s simple pleasures and I really wanted more of it…
GS Reviewer: Brogen Hayes
“You do too,” McKelvey said right back, although his face had softened to a smile. I took the patient’s pulse, and his heart rate had slowed to a crawl.
The Koran Says ‘Prepare Against Them What Force and Steeds of War You Can, to Strike Terror in the Hearts of the Enemies”
And back to our entrance again. He had me jump over holes, do quite a few loops, zig and zag, and generally have a fun walk home. His favorite is the Jumps, where the trail stops and you have to jump to where it starts again. Not my favorite.
sneaky law in 1980 that says they represent both sides in a case! But
and accepting the love you shine at me.
Release Date: August 7, 2012
"Do you live nearby?" I asked. He did. Around the corner.
“The Bible shows us God in His high and holy place, not in a state of inactivity, not in silence and solitude, but surrounded by ten thousand times ten thousand and thousands of thousands of holy intelligences, all waiting to do His will. Through channels which we cannot discern He is in active communication with every part of His dominion. But it is in this speck of a world, in the souls that He gave His only-begotten Son to save, that His interest and the interest of all heaven is centered. God is bending from His throne to hear the cry of the oppressed. To every sincere prayer He answers, ‘Here am I.’ He uplifts the distressed and downtrodden. In all our afflictions He is afflicted. In every temptation and every trial the angel of His presence is near to deliver.” DA 356
…to be continued.
You think you are dealing with a rational, sensible adult who can give and take, share and understand, her empathy will be great but her ability to withstand any hint of criticism or demonstration of belief in her (good things and bad things) will trigger all kinds of abandonment fears. in other words praise can be as bad as criticism as she may feel that in ‘doing’ well you will no longer be there for her as she no longer ‘needs’ you in your eyes.
dried cranberries (optional)
So I keep quiet when parents enthuse about how much their children are going to love this and that thing and subject because the parents are planning on making it an important part of their homeschool curriculum. I just wish them the best, and hope that things work out in a way that each person gets to have their own favorite things, and enjoy sharing those favorites with each other!
And speaking of which . . .
I've cleared a space on my desk and I'm thinking of adding a 3rd row IKEA rack (on the right). Unfortunately IKEA doesn't sell the kind I bought anymore so I'll have to find one similiar.
At first glance it might be difficult to take any positives from the sad turn of events that saw our peregrine pair lose two of their chicks over the weekend, but the sheer dedication of the female falcon to her brood was amazing. In the face of appalling weather she sat tight – following her instinct to do all she could for her chicks.
Lisa and and I are both doing OK. We’ve pretty much become numb to everything.
The Simpsons is a good show for kids and adults, the later episodes are more for adults (exp, Judge me Tender) and the earlier episodes are more family-friendly (exp, Bart gets a F), The show is about a family who does highly unusual events in life, Such as a evil sideshow trying to kill Bart, Multiple security cameras eyeing the city, and saving a giant whale.
Please see the customer reviews of Data Robotics Drobo S 5 TB Bundle with Drobo S 2G and Western Digital 1 TB Caviar Green Drives DR4A2-10EARS-5 (Black) on the merchant’s site by click on the link below.
2) Limo service provided through the compound (not applicable to a Saudi woman)
a few drops of tabasco sauce
Leave to the fridge to set for 4-6 hours.
No wonder people run away from ordination. Almost every ordained person I know ran from God for as long as they could. For Alan it was six months and then he made the mistake of going to a Vocations Day to prove that he wasn’t called to be a priest. For me it was a year, for a friend I know at the moment it has been two years. The reason we run is because we know that if we say “yes” then we have to face the fact that.
No matter how complicated our relationship had been, it broke my heart to see you in such a broken state.
Motor Company is Alan Mulally, who is Roman Catholic.
So, what’s a political party to do – especially a political party with a history that reveals crashes in everything it did? How about this from FOX NEWS?:
There is nothing like being with family for Thanksgiving. So we set out for the hills of West Virginia to visit my brothers family on their homestead, Bywater. Our little wagon was packed with all the things a little 4 month old baby would need, big-boy toys, and our dog, Magdalena.
I was returning the borrowed minis moments later, the battle lasted fewer than 15 minutes, and we never got through the whole count. I am sure glad the skeletons rolled a 22 initiative, or they never would have gone at all. The best part of it was that everyone really got into this 15 minute battle. I believe the poor deva was the only one who didnt get a chance to whale on some skeleton, while 3 pc’s won the “3 minions in an encounter” award. After the battle, they got to loot some dead adventurers outside the hidden chamber (the unfortunate party who discovered the chamber) and received 2 healing potions and a cloak of resistance. I will bring them cards next week, I wish I had time this week. The party discussed the items and made very reasonable choices about how to divide the loot. I was surprised at how naturally it occured: the cleric got the cloak of resistance, while the two main tanks, the swordmage and the battlemind, got the healing potions. Incidentally those two pc’s are the only ones to drop to zero hp in an encounter so far.
I am very happy it is now Friday evening and I am lucky to have a three day weekend – three cheers for Bank Holiday’s!
Wherever he was, it wasn’t anywhere near the Sherim. He lay on the gravelly bottom of a narrow gorge, his boots and calves in the swelling stream. The sky above was grey, dark with fading light. Dora lay half on top of him, her head on his chest and her leg tangled with his. Her hair, normally so wild, was plastered flat against her skull, and her robe was dark with moisture, almost black in this light.
Use these for Friday or Saturday night dinners and still stay within a reasonable budget.
Haney also has another notable baseball card as his 1969 card features a reverse image of the photo that appeared on the 1968 Topps card and shows him as a left-handed catcher.
The V40 comes in three trim levels – ES, SE and SE LUX – with Bluetooth, climate control, an entertainment system with a five-inch colour screen, 16-inch alloys, Volvo’s City Safety system and a pedestrian airbag – a world first – fitted as standard across the board.
This beer was soooo good! I love most wheat beers, but this one had a more refreshing and spicy taste like they talk about. I can definitely taste the hint of orange peel and like that I can taste it without polluting my beer with an actual piece of fruit. Yum yum yum this beer makes me happy.
and how am I to wipe my tears
I’m sort of glad. I couldn’t stand the pressure. But I guess I’ll have to learn how to be a Sports Mom, because the season is so long.
EveryoneBut I wonder:
I thought that was cool. Now, there was another woman in the contest who was 53, but... not to sound like an a-hole... but she wasn't a "Linda Lou 53," if you know what I mean, and the crowd didn't give her quite as warm a reception. And there were some women on that stage whose time really, really would have been better spent somewhere else (like in a library or gym, or even at the dentist). All in all, though, there was an vibe of good fun, and like I said, the overall skank factor was low.
Today we are looking at Acts 27:23. Paul is speaking to those aboard the ill-fated ship seeking to go to Rome. He informs them, “For there stood by me this night the angel of God, whose I am, and whom I serve.”
Alyssa has been complaining of heart burn. I don't know if it is something that I should have her checked for because she only complains about it when she is worried about something. If I do take her in, the Doctor is going to look at me crazy, because in my gut I think it is all in her head. But you know, that "What if"? I'm going to see how this week goes and then take it from there.
Naturally, parents Tom and Debbie are proud of their son but at the same time, being parents of a prodigy isn’t easy. It's not easy being the second smartest guy in the room whenever your six year old is around. Tom must deal with that every day. And while Adam is the best piano player in the country, Debbie struggles just to land a seat on the local symphony.
uyuni, in bolivia, is known mainly for being right on the edge of huge salt flats, a unique tourist attraction. just outside of town, however is a junkyard for trains. for anyone fascinated by things mechanical, a visit here offers an incredible experience.
The man came back to the counter, empty-handed.
Step 1: Decide to try nursing again after 9 months of exclusive pumping. Surely it will work now, because I am desperate! It … did not. I got bitten, I screamed, and we are done. D – U – N DONE nursing. Forever. Again.
“I’ve shared your story, Kadie, but I am not the one who made you unforgettable. You are. You always have been. I love you. You were everything right in the world and the best memories I have are all with you. I’m lost now. I never realized that I breathed easier just because I knew you loved me. Please find a climbing tree and wait under it for me. I promise, someday, I will come and find you.
4- Add the liquids and the yeast mixture to the dry ingredients in the large bowl, and mix
The Orchard Garden is slowly loosing it’s summer coat, leaves are falling from the fruit tress and the autumn colours have begun.
But I have to ask, when is Mattel going to make some adjustments- bigger ones than they have.
In addition Chantal and I have started a fresh batch of Cabernet Savignon.
Despite encroaching middle age, Mrs. Irk and I did manage one day of live performances, at London's Wireless Festival in July, and the acts ranged from passable to stellar. The former included Chromeo (who would have been great at 10.30 at night- unfortunately they were on in broad daylight, battling the wind and drizzle at 4pm) and Katy B (on a mission, yes, but only towards mediocrity). Slightly better was Ke$ha, who I'd mentally written off as the poor man's Lady Gaga, but who actually won me over with her sheer abandon, ripped tights and largely female band. At 6pm The Streets were (was?) their (his?) usual self, a self I'd got to know well after accompanying Mrs. Irk to various concert appearances over the years, and the crowd moshed accordingly. (How long did he manage to drag out that farewell tour, by the way? It seemed to last all year.) So, Mike Skinner would have got a qualified thumbs-up, were it not for the theft of my wife's mobile phone from her bag during the performance, a theft that only became apparent as The Streets left the stage, and which put something of a damper on the rest of the day. The Aphex Twin performed admirably at 7pm , but we sat outside the tent unable to summon up much enthusiasm for the proceedings. When the headliners, The Chemical Brothers, came on stage at about 8.30pm, we wandered over but my wife's mind was clearly elsewhere. I determined this at about 9.15pm, when she declared "We'll just stay until the Chemical Brothers come on, then we'll go, eh?" It was with a heavy heart that I informed her that we'd actually been sitting watching the aforementioned act for the last 45 minutes. I have to admit my mind was elsewhere too (though I at least was cognisant of who we were watching); I was wondering what would have happened if we'd gone to see Battles in a smaller tent rather than The Streets on the main stage. No doubt we'd have seen a slightly less exciting gig (and subsequent reviews confirmed this. But Battles attract a slightly less thuggish audience than The Streets, and I'd wager that Mrs Irk would at least have kept her phone, and we'd have enjoyed our day out slightly more.
An ancient and benevolent species the Star whales had according to legend guided early space travellers through dangers on their journeys through space. By the time of the 29 century the species was all but extinct save for who is theorised to be the last of its kind. When earth was facing destruction because of Solar flares that Star whale was drawn to earth. All the peoples of Earth had managed to escape in massive city ships but the people of Great Britain lacked the supplies to create an engine, the people were left hopeless and mostly heartbroken by the sounds of their Children crying due to the increasing temperatures. It was these sounds that had drawn the whale to the planet for has Amy put it "When you're that old and alone an so full of kindness what else can you do" who intended to offer its services to the stranded people.
As a teenager, he was given his own 15-minute radio show on KRNT-AM, which was broadcast live from a Des Moines, Iowa, department store. Later he hosted a program on WHO-AM, where he first met the station’s young sports announcer, Ronald “Dutch” Reagan. The two men started a friendship which lasted over 60 years.
Action in Knowledge of Kṛṣṇa
Aastra Value 9110 Standard Phone – Charcoal A1264-0000-10-05 Basic PhonesGet it just only $27.50,buy it Now！click here!
starting at the top, going left to right:
Happy New Year!!!!!
Wow, great stuff. Very good flute playing, good arrangements too. Some psychedelic touch, not boring moments at all, every songs is different, it was a very difficult to select some become favorites; all is very good and “ask you” to listen again and again. Language is not problem for me; give some charm to my ears full of English. In a word there is a GREAT ALBUM.
“A bunch of guys talk in the market,” said Don Feinberg, a founder of Brewery Ommegang in Cooperstown, N.Y., and an importer for Vanberg & DeWulf there. “We’ve all been saying the same thing for about 18 months now, which is, enough of the high octane.”Rock on, Don! If it were just a little easier to find these beers...I wonder if we'd see more sales. Sounds like the USDOT is putting on a DUI push: why not get behind that?
Is there any more bizarrely specific subgenre of film than the Tim Burton fantasy story where Johnny Depp plays a pale weirdo? I should think not. Dark Shadows is their latest outing, a film which didn't really seem necessary when it was first announced and seems even less so now that it's been made. An adaptation of the soap opera from the 1960s/70s that ratchets up the camp factor to about 110, Dark Shadows is a funny movie, but one which never seems to have a sense of purpose.
Tris is quickly becoming one of my favourite heroines. She is a complete badass in this book! Even more so than in Divergent, and that's saying something. She was always trying to help others, and sort out this mess her world is in. She had struggles and I loved her for it. I was a little bit annoyed at how everyone always turned to her when things went wrong as if she was the most intelligent and as if she had the answers to everything. I think they forgot that she was just a teenager.
Everyone loves a sequel, right? Just look at Iron Man 2. X-Men 2. Rocky 2. Speed 2. Ok, maybe not that last one. But you know you love a good sequel. With that in mind, I present for your approval: Wild Week of Reviews 2.
The car.
I've managed to get a little stitching done, a little sewing done and a piece of applique ready to start. The applique is purely a practice piece - when we went to Galveston the other day the lady at the shop where I bought the fabric and paint was working on a piece of needle-turn applique and she made it look so easy I thought I had to try it! She suggested starting with a heart so I cut one out and tacked it to a piece of background fabric while I was w/o the computer this morning.
The northern end of Sugley Dene is dominated by spectacular beech trees towering above the footpaths and the stream, Sugley Burn. Their impressive canopy shades out sunlight from the woodland floor and bare earth banks are common here. The southern end of the Dene, by contrast has oak, ash and hazel trees allowing the light through to plants including native bluebell, wild garlic and lesser celandine.
Metroid 3: Air-conditioned Metroid
From the blog I write for Peach:
Tempering:
Well, let's take real life. How did I feel yesterday? Sure, I was happy and excited. But, I was overwhelmed, scared, nervous, tired, itchy (that's because a hungry misquito crept into my room and wrecked havoc with my arm) and above all, naked.
Bob believed in relationships and, as opposed to the Buddhist “non-attachment” strategy to life, he believed in really getting attached. Bob thought of himself and everyone else as “club members” and all he had to do to connect with someone was to find their common club. My dad was part of the musician club, the motor cycle club, the Jewish club, the smoking club, the father club, the naked hot tub club, the comedy club, the brownie club, the sweat lodge club, the Epstein club, the sculptor club, the good dog club, the loving partner club, the garage sale club, The shitty gas station coffee club, the amazed by cool shit club, and thousands of other clubs that helped him connect with different people. None of these clubs were exclusive and there was never a dress code. After my dad died, hoards of “club members” came, called, and wrote to grieve, celebrate, share, love, cry, laugh, roast, and connect. I was filled with love like I had never known.
Pattern Description: A Simple Solutions pattern - Misses pull-on pleated skirts and tie belt
The first time we met was the day I took the photo for his ID card. Like all new members of staff, his introduction to the organisation included the humiliating ritual of stepping into my small office and facing the camera. Like the others, he stood patiently while I struggled to assemble the tripod, while I waited for the laminator to heat up. We made small talk while we waited. At least I did - I think he probably watched in stoic northern bemusement while I went through my standard "oh you'll like it here, everyone's very friendly" routine.
Fréttabladid
But I caught her lookin’ at me
I’m in my room; it’s siesta time! I’m, obviously, not sleeping. It’s Saturday. and I slept until 14:00h (2pm), when I woke up I went out to the living and it was time to eat! We had some awesome soup that doesn’t even deserve to be called soup; it’s so much better than that!
Then in the classic way of all exercise equipment, it started to attract dust – in fact I never even got it out of the shipping box, for weeks! The shameful sight of it sitting on the floor still in its mailing box, along with the urgings of fellow bloggers (not to mention my husband, who didn’t know what it was but couldn’t fathom why I would order something and then never even unwrap it) prompted me to vow that this weekend I would actually get the vest out of the box, and wear it on a walk, with a picture as proof.
The beginning of the school summer holidays is perhaps not the best time to attract the attention of teachers and school librarians with an idea! But, hey, I like to live dangerously.
Thank you, Susan for thinking of me and sending me these wonderful measures.
Lucky me, my buddy Quentin, or Q, was there at my place to help me out. We’re talking putting me in the shower, getting me on and off the toilet, and the best housekeeping I’ve ever enjoyed since my sisters came over and did a big ol’ cleanup before I went in for my surgery. So my words to Q are nothing but thanks. This is my very best friend and I am lucky to have him around.
some chopped rosemary
3 eggs, beaten and strained to get rid of those little lumpy bits
Happy Birthday Ray and Al!!!!!
Today is definitely feeling special. My whole family has left me alone at home while they go see The Hunger Games! I loved the books and eventually want to see the movie, but I desperately needed some down time. Home alone in my pajamas, drinking too much coffee, and ignoring household chores sounds like a sweet vacation at this point. The busyness of life was really sucking me down this week, and I can’t even adequately express how the thought of not having to leave my house today is making me giddy with delight. We typically go to church Saturday night, but I’m even planning on foregoing that in order to get myself back to a good place mentally.
03 - Gator Country 06:23
Some people have criticised your books for being racist or sexist, what would you say to them?
My favorite word today is dullard. N., he brings a lot of joy when he leaves the room. Def.: A guy who has a photographic memory with the lens cap glued on.
For exertion to meet intention
3. A few poinsettia flowers and pinecone sticks were added.
Thought id try out posting from my phone to try it out and since im feeling lazy.
Finally, after science and philosophy went their separate ways, philosophy began an exercise of largely excluding any sense of empiricism, realism, or other grounding in objective reality. Why should it? That’s what science is for, right? Unfortunately, this has led to questions of serious philosophical consequence that have precious nothing to do with reality. This tends to make philosophy seem relatively useless. But the thing to remember is that philosophy isn’t so much about what you can prove as it is how you can prove it. Philosophy is a process, and its body of knowledge is largely methodological. It doesn’t matter if philosophers argue about how many angels can dance on the head of a pin; it does matter how they argue about it.
Me: “What are you doing??”
Hell, we can't even maintain or generate any interest in space exploration anymore (Wait a minute -- maybe that's because White American taxpayers are smarter than we think; and they know we can't afford those kinds of things as long as we choose to wage countless and endless wars, and if we hope to be able to support our massive and rapidly growing non-White underclass?) (But then you have to ask yourself -- is that really making the smartest choice?) Or maybe it's because our rapidly growing non-White population just isn't all that interested in space exploration -- it's such a "White thang" you know (once we get past Obama hastening to appoint a fellow black as head of the program).
We all need oasis's in our life
I felt a bit overwhelmed yesterday when I was trying to find an outfit for today. I wanted something comfortable because I thought I was going to be running errands, light because the weather is abnormally hot for this time of year, and something that worked for my 9-5 and a dinner out. Apparently I get stuck when all of these things come in to play. To then take a photo of what I'm wearing and blog about it makes all of the decision making harder. So in the end I tossed all of my options and went with jeans. To be honest, I almost broke out my puma sneakers. You know it's a shitty day when I'm wearing sneakers (or a day that my leg is bothering me).
Well, this is where you are finding us now. Prepping for surgery and a busy January-June. With the dreary, cold weather we are certainly missing our Hawaiian lifestyle, but for such a time as this, I am grateful to be where I am, surrounded by wonderful friends, family, and a supportive community at Great Lakes Church. I always find myself exactly where I need to be, regardless of how I might *feel* about it. I’m learning to let the former influence the latter. It is my life struggle, for sure.
The products used in the above cards are linked below (of course).
And I must say that I’m relieved the dog is back at her home, but probably not quite as relieved as Dustin, who cleaned up not one… not two… not even three… but FOUR little dachshund piles and one little dachshund puddle from our living room rug.
Another one almost the same warm colour, but glossy with a grain, like a cello
The verse is followed by another guitar/bass riff, starting with the same descending third heard in the opening riff but transposed up a major third (C# down to A). The riff then involves a higher F in a descending line moving down to the low F, showing us now that these notes are actually spelling out an augmented chord (F, A, C#, F). The last two bars of this three-bar riff are actually the same two bars that were heard at the beginning of the song, thus setting up the second verse in the same manner as the first.
food intake No. 5 (4pm)
Part of the way I’m made is I tend to reflect on things over and over and over again, especially when it is something important and it goes pear shaped. I recall retracing the whole friendship through the car as I drove home. And then as I was thinking about how hurt I was, I had this sensation come over me. I won’t say that I heard a voice but as I contemplated how someone could hurt me so much, I heard myself say ‘If this is how much a person could hurt you, how much do you hurt God with your sin?’
Stop back tomorrow for the next weekly Art Impressions Weekly Challenge.
Sessions 1 through 3 will be followed by opportunities to meet with individual presenters who will respond to questions and prod you (and your team) to wrestle with contextual application of the combustible ideas they are passionate about.
i was just kidding!
Program Coordinator: ETE of WCC
‘Patients often held the threat of suicide over us like the sword of Damocles. I was once called to see a girl of twenty who was in psychotherapy with a social worker. The latter was at the end of her tether because the patient, who slashed her wrists regularly, was at the window threatening to jump out unless the social worker devoted even more time to her. I pointed out to the patient that as the window was not very high up she might only break her ankle. (…..). Why not go to a window a couple of storeys higher up? Or better still, find another building to jump off, a small favour to ask.’
I beat her up.
A: For a more casual/relaxed setting, I LOVE a pair of Chuck Taylors on the groom! Bucs with a fun sock are also so handsome.
Crawling in motion! :)
that's bonzo looking for a reason to let it rip.
When I started this blog, I wanted to focus my posts on experiences or observations that I felt were educational, either to myself or others. I figured my audience would primarily be veterinarians and students of veterinary medicine. Fearing criticism, or perhaps just disdain from those more knowledgeable and experienced than myself, I chose to write anonymously.
We are pleased WordPress, Wikipedia and Zemanta with several servercompanies provide us with tools to bring our ideas across many borders. Limited in our own resources, being dependant on free gifts, as non-paid preachers we are thankful for the provisions certain companies make to give us the opportunity to publish our ideas.
Koscielny has been very outstanding this season for Arsenal FC. I still feel that he’ll get the nod ahead of Djourou to partner Vermaelen when he’s fully fit.
What I take from this passage is that there is no reason to set rules around the path you feel you should be taking, if you don’t actually know where you are going. We focus so strongly on what enculuration says is ‘normal’ about the ways we get into relationships, how we let off steam, or how we respond to someone who has ticked us off, for example, that we stop looking at the why? behind our actions.
WIE: It’s interesting that, while you turned to spirituality because you felt that science wasn’t really satisfying your own search for truth, you have nevertheless remained a scientist throughout.
But I must say, I do love it!
If my 1st two picks are right look for the Hokies to move into the top 3 with a realistic shot at a BCS Championship game berth. But for any of that to happen Tech must 1st take care of UVA and maintain control of the Commonwealth Cup.
Or the time when he wrote a message, saying,
Lamenting this series of defeats, Patricia Levesque, a top adviser to former Governor Jeb Bush, spoke to fellow reformers at a retreat in October 2010. Levesque noted that reform efforts had failed because the opposition had time to organize. Next year, Levesque advised, reformers should “spread” the unions thin “by playing offense” with decoy legislation. Levesque said she planned to sponsor a series of statewide reforms, like allowing taxpayer dollars to go to religious schools by overturning the so-called Blaine Amendment, “even if it doesn’t pass…to keep them busy on that front.” She also advised paycheck protection, a unionbusting scheme, as well as a state-provided insurance program to encourage teachers to leave the union and a transparency law to force teachers unions to show additional information to the public. Needling the labor unions with all these bills, Levesque said, allows certain charter bills to fly “under the radar.”
LL Cool J - 44
becoming ourselves,
"Factory Girl" by Sinead O'Connor/The Chieftains - This is from one of my favorite CDs ever, The Chieftains' magnificent Tears of Stone. Combined with Sinead's otherworldly voice, this song - like many from the collection - will break your wee heart. I used to come in from my college classes and the gym, slide this CD on, and take a load off for an hour before dinner. Ah, nostalgia.
There are turkeys in my back yard getting busy.
5. Good Earth Natural Foods -- This health food store has several locations around Utah, but the Sandy store is the closest to Salt Lake City (and the closest to where I stay). It has very high quality fresh produce, some fresh breads, a good bulk foods room, many frozen and refrigerated options, and local and nationally available brand packaged foods. The prices are comparable to Whole Foods, but in some cases, they are lower. Also, depending on the day, the produce might be fresher and less expensive. Go to their web site first since they do feature coupons.
But re the stonework itself, compare the width of the mortar in the second photo above (perhaps an inch thick in many places) with that of this column which I found along a hiking trail:
No, I didn’t go to UGA for college (I needed a smaller learning environment if hoped to ever graduate). However, my sister kept the Tedder dream alive by going there. More importantly, she met and became friends with the future Mrs. Tedder while she was there. So I’m eternally grateful for Georgia in that respect as well.
It's Bachelorette time! Squee! I can't decide if I love the Bachelor better or Bachelorette. It's like Sophie's choice up in this joint! I mean, on one show there is a bevvy of buxom totally insane chics and maybe one or two normal ones who will never get picked *cough* Melissa *cough*, but on the other show there's utterly idiotic doucheberg's having the most bizarre pissing contest evah.
The second question asked by Genevieve is, “What do you think (a conspiracy theorists) function is in society?”
***This worldview doesn’t simply say we are without excuse and show how we are without excuse. It provides a singular path to renewal. A singular path means that there is one absolute way which aligns with the reality of one absolute God (i.e. it makes sense). Multiple ways contradicts the idea of there being an absolute God.****
He noticed that the edges of the flake did not make the usual symmetrical figure. This one had rough edges, as if it had been a small piece of a napkin that had been ripped into confetti and tossed in the air. More noticeable was that the flake had not melted after almost a full minute in his hand.
from too long service? Or was it the tremors of old age
Wines were predictably, natural and organic from a pretty well chosen list, with glasses of Jacky Blot et co. at around 6€.
A box of chocolates from some Japanese guests we received at the office today. Aren't they pretty! I've never had Japanese chocolates before, so I'm really excited to try them! No, it's not a holiday here in Indonesia on Thanksigiving day. Business as usual...
“Servants, be obedient to them that are your masters according to the flesh, with fear and trembling, in singleness of your heart, as unto Christ; Not with eyeservice, as menpleasers; but as the servants of Christ, doing the will of God from the heart; With good will doing service, as to the Lord, and not to men: Knowing that whatsoever good thing any man doeth, the same shall he receive of the Lord, whether he be bond or free. And, ye masters, do the same things unto them, forbearing threatening: knowing that your Master also is in heaven; neither is there respect of persons with him.” Ephesians 6:5-9
God’s answer to this people’s determination and work ethic is revealing: He says that, when they all work together they could accomplish anything, so he has to stop them by making it impossible to communicate. Then He scatters them around the world.
Kids with this syndrome react with neurologic symptoms - e.g. tics, obsessive/compulsive behavior, hyperactive/impulsive behavior changes, mood lability - to the presence of elevated strep titers, or the antibodies created after an exposure to strep. These kids are misdiagnosed all the time as ADHD, or Tourette's, or Asperger's. (If you Google it, look up "PANDAS" and "strep," because if you leave out the "strep" part, all you get is stuff about...um, pandas. Ask me how I know.)
The bad is now behind us. Now we move into the realm of the good ol’ off-the-wall post-apocalyptic movies.
Imagine finding your first love, only to be ripped apart by the apocalypse. Peyton Anderson will never forget the day she was forced to make a choice--between her family--and Chris Parker, the boy she'd given her heart. And now, four years later, as she steps from the fallout shelter and into a dead and broken world, he's the only thing on her mind.
The love, the light of love
Oh, non-magical-Far-Away-Land audience, how may I placate thee? For amongst your mongering hoards lies one particularly insistent, fastidious clamorer: she goes by the name of Inner Monologue, and she’s a tricky bitch to satisfy. She seems obsessed with motion, specifically, my own through space and time, and never tires of nipping at my heels with the most stinging whelps of questions – “But why? To what end? From whence have you come, and where exactly is it that you think you are going? …… eh, princess?“
Each Sunday we share a special inspirational and uplifting message to help build and strengthen our
I'm sorry but this is just plain not interesting, let alone enticing. An American girl abroad with a group of students finds herself attracted to one of her merry band. This isn't a plot. It's a set up.
or on the flowers below
Which panto is it?
Okay, the Republican primary might not be officially over, but after a much better than expected showing - and victory - in Iowa last night, Romney has all but wrapped up the nomination. The polls in Iowa show that he's still having a very difficult time connecting with the hardcore conservative voters, but that is not Romney's base, and he doesn't think he'll need them as much during the general election. In fact, he's basically been running a general election campaign during this entire primary process.
I would also really appreciate it if you would grab my button and post it somewhere on your blog. Once you are following me you can link as many links as you'd like.
What is your favourite book?
Fun though that might have been: sailing underneath and looking up as you entered the harbour. He probably stood in a sanctuary on a hill behind Rhodes Town where he could have been seen for miles.
The truth is, you can make a winning situation out of everything. No matter what you're handed in life, you can either choose to win with it, or loose with it. But you HAVE to know when to walk away, you have to know when enough is enough, and when to give up. I'm taking my deuces and peacing out. I fold. And I consider it a win. Sometimes the best thing you can do is look out for yourself, and stop worrying about saving everyone else.
Trained near Guiting Power in Gloucestershire by Nigel Twiston-Davies, 14-year-old Hello Bud is the oldest entry in this year’s John Smith’s Grand National. His Scottish National triumph in 2009 was gained under then stable jockey Paddy Brennan, but the trainer’s son, Sam, took over in the saddle when the gelding, who likes to be up with the pace in his races, was fifth to Don’t Push It in the 2010 John Smith’s Grand National at Aintree. The horse warmed up for Aintree in the 2009/10 season by unseating in the Coral Welsh National and then finishing unplaced in the Blue Square Gold Cup at Haydock and Cheltenham’s Fulke Walwyn Kim Muir Chase. After his Aintree exertions in 2010, Hello Bud was pulled up in the Sandown Gold Cup and began his 2011
Nazaryan writes:
Garlic bread
It’s not often that you meet a solar company executive who is also one of the most underrated guitarists in America. Many in the Taos Valley can now make that claim since Peter Greenberg and his wife Milissa moved to Arroyo Seco in 2008. Music aficionados of the local rock scene have seen him playing with Manby’s Head in a garage rock style, and a recent show at the KTAO Center had Peter on stage with his old Rock n’ Soul group Barrence Whitfield & The Savages. Throw in his previous membership with Boston punk group DMZ and the ‘60’s influenced Lyres and you have someone who has attacked his fret board with a passion in a variety of styles these last thirty-five years, with no signs of slowing down anytime soon.
But when I did refrain from visiting a sick person, fearing infection, I was gently reprimanded for not showing my solidarity to a fellow human being!
Immy is a normal 18 year old, with a normal life, a normal family and a normal boyfriend. But when she finds herself falling for a girl on an internet message board, a girl she knows only as the mysterious Fickle, her so-called normal life is suddenly turned on its head.
Alright, yes, I am happy to admit that I enjoy listening to some Lady Gaga at times. But then again, don't we all?
This is a noteworthy admission by the philosopher, indicating his possible awareness that the analysis he is providing on women is more of a personal assessment, and shouldn’t be regarded as the final word on the topic. This is all well and good, but the problem is that Nietzsche’s words on the subject of womanhood are stated in absolutist terms (a practice the man himself spent much of his active life criticizing in others), which makes it near impossible to approach from a rational standpoint. Not to mention, the not-so-subtle undertone of suspicion and conspiracy that emits from the spiteful prose, causes the reader to instinctively view Nietzsche’s own words with a layer of suspicion; unable to shake the feeling that perhaps this fight stems more from the philosopher’s desire to settle an inscrutable personal score (though I’m inclined to find such seemingly handy conclusions much too convenient to be of any real use).
” Bhartii,are you okay ? Listen we need to talk.” She sounded way more tense and solemn than i was.
“While the Justice Department’s admissions have largely come as a result of being confronted with indisputable facts, the painfully slow process of getting the truth has been a continuing frustration for the Terry family. They still do not have the all the facts about the circumstances surrounding Brian Terry’s murder …. As Brian’s sister said of his family’s desire to know the full truth, ‘Brian was about making a difference and justice. And I just feel that this country owes it to him, because he spent his whole life fighting for this country some way or another.’”
I'm not fighting anymore. I refuse to. If it ain't workin' it simply ain't workin'.There's nothing to defend or prove, anymore. But, writing is still the key to me. I used to say that music was. These days, it's writing. I don't intend to give it up, so long as it helps me to breathe. But, I do intend to expand on my writing. I will continue to bare my emotions... by that same token, I will find more creative ways to reveal those things that are screaming to get out, but in a more protective mode. Vignettes, for instance. I intend to create a series of vignettes that speak of the things that are bursting from the seams, to get out. I also intend to make more serious postings. Instead of this blog being all about my emotions, to also post about a few things, from time to time, that are also very real in my life, or at least, interest me. Things which might be interesting to others, as well as informative, or support a cause. "Yeah, right!" she mocks of her good intention. "We will see!" Try is all I can do. There is more to me than meets the eye, on this blog. I have it, in my mind, that posting on other things, which deal with the other aspects of myself, might spill over into the real deal, and help develop those sides, instead of focusing on self-absorbed emotion.
“It matters to young people how many friends they have on Facebook or what brand of clothes they wear, what mobile phone they use and who they’re seen with. The funny part is that they may be ok with what they have as long as they don’t know what their friends do too,” Sadia Raval tells me.
“Although he was a Son, he learned obedience through what he suffered; and having been made perfect, he became the source of eternal salvation for all who obey him.” (Heb 5:8-9)
I've thought a lot about being a dad this June more than past. As Moriah graduates and prepares to move on, I've had opportunity to reflect on my own fathering and also on the relationship I have with my father. Fortunately, for me, I've enjoyed both.
One heck of a title don't you think? Very clever, indeed! It makes you think of what the book can actually be about. The synopsis also leaves you wanting more. Another love book. YAY!
V/A - Towers of New London (VSR 1985, comp with Vacant Lot, Paisley Jungle, The Reducers...
Communication is a hot topic in our community, whether it be communicating our identity, sexuality, or negotiating relationships and boundaries. How we communicate and how we interpret the communication of others can often drastically affect our relationships with those around us. However, communication is often not simple when the topics we want to discuss are complicated. We may find ourselves reaching for words and come up empty handed or with inadequate language. this is especially difficult when our gender and sexuality intersect in weird and often contradictory ways.
Almost a century ago this month, women's rights activist Emma Goldman was arrested in New York for distributing "obscene, lewd, or lascivious articles". What she was doing was handing out pamphlets about birth control, with the aim of freeing women sexually and socially from the burden of unwanted pregnancy, and she got a spell in a prison workhouse
Kids think I'm crazy - - but I'm cool with that!
and not a racial aspersion
You got your first great granddaughter, Jazmine, in December 2008, and your second great grandson, Isaiah in February 2010. They are exactly the type of kids that you would love: intelligent, active, interested in everything, generally well-mannered, and very cute. I might use Photoshop to make a four-generation picture with you in it, like we were able to do with dad in real life.
Oh the irony of it, Prescunt, the shambling class warrior and former cruise ship waiter a craven coward who quite litrally jumped onboard to avoid national service.
How do we overcome this nagging voice of doubt?
with recommended DMC Floss
Deep within the heartache
32 Once inside it, call the first layer background and lock it. Make a new layer and call it text field.
If you've been reading along here for a few years you know that I have a love/hate relationship with the word "luminous." I worry about its overuse, especially in book reviews. Nevertheless, I've racked my brain and I can find no other word that better describes the memorable feeling of reading a truly luminous novel such as this one. Just read this description of the newborn, Simon, from the first page of the book:
I first saw it, about 8 years ago, at the fascinating house of my French partner's godmother. Francoise is a fiercely wry, 5' tall (at MOST), retired professor of classical Languages. We always stay at her and her husband's house, out in the countryside beyond Tours, for a few days during our summer and Christmas trips to France. Francoise maintains a large pigeonaire which has always been filled with with fifty or so white doves....terribly stupid, but quite beautiful; I've painted them at least six times over the years.
“YES! EVERYTHING IS FINE! GO HAVE FUN IN THE LIVING ROOM! FUN! GO NOW!”
2. Need For Approval = 35%
Rhododendron x ‘Girard’s Fuchsia’ (Girard Hybrid) – Eye-catching ruffled flowers (2.5 to 3″ wide) of a deep fuchsia-pink (with dark pink spots) often cover the bright green foliage from April to May. The leaves turn a bronze-red in fall when exposed to colder temperatures. ‘Girard’s Fuchsia’ prefers part to full sun and grows 3-4′ high and wide. Zone 5.
This is a simple tree planting ritual that I wrote for our grove’s upcoming Beltane celebration this weekend. Our grove is only partially wooded currently–we will be planting about 15 new trees around the grove to help fill it in. It is designed for a group, but you can easily adapt it to one person. Feel free to adapt this ceremony to your own needs.
The stories—and the harrowing experiences of Conor’s daily life as his mother’s condition nosedives—are entertaining, excoriating, draining, and wildly fulfilling. We are right with Conor as he seeks out and confronts the truth of his feelings about his mother and his life. When he finds it and acts on it … well, I was a mess.
I’ll be meeting with Brianna Menning of Communities First Association based in Minneapolis. We’ve emailed about possible ways the Army and CFA can work together. Of course, have to stop by the City Vision College exhibit to talk with Michael Liimatta from Kansas City. Two City Vision interns presently serve at Salvation Army corps in Kansas City and St Louis; we are working on two more internships, in Detroit and another major city.
“Yes Mage?” Surprised, he blinked and stammered for a few minutes.
Brigham Young emphasized: “There are multitudes of pure and holy spirits waiting to take tabernacles, now what is our duty?–To prepare tabernacles for them; to take a course that will not tend to drive those spirits into the families of the wicked, where they will be trained in wickedness, debauchery, and every species of crime. It is the duty of every righteous man and woman to prepare tabernacles for all the spirits they can” (Discourses of Brigham Young, p. 197).
of the Republican budgets. That deficit was the lowest in five years, and
Miss Cranky Pants (aka Jody MacPherson) is a communications consultant, politico, soccer mom, divorcee (is it any wonder?) and coffee addict who gets a little testy without regular caffeine.
We can allow the opinions of man to influence our beliefs but no amount of faith in any doctrine of man will save us from the truth that God will judge us with on judgment day.
How can you politely refuse this type of man? You can’t, as they don’t take kindly to the words “no, go away and not interested”. This kind of man can turn nasty and hurl abuse as you’ve hurt his manly pride. So you’re in a no win situation really. The best thing to do, is to just ignore this type of man, or be prepared for abuse if you choose to answer back.
Die-cut: Spellbinders
I think I've finally realised that I cannot control the external influences which are affecting my recovery. The external messages may be right (they aren't for the most part - why are people so cruel?) but I don't actually have to listen. I understand you have to be pretty insecure yourself to treat another human being so monstrously but that is no excuse.*
1. Prelude to 'The Song of Songs' 11:40
Geoff buried his face in his palm. “Why are you keeping that thing?” he asked.
No...really! Bitches...stop laughing!
Lets just hope the 2 month break from international cricket that is if our board doesn’t manage to fix another series in between will give time for the administrators time to think about team India and take a long hard look at them. Its a crucial juncture, Australia seemed to have recovered their mojo and the Proteas and the Pommies are a pretty cracking outfit. India needs to decide its priorities and look at the rankings table with renewed zest in International Cricket !
For English Muffins, cut dough into 2 sections. Roll out about 1 inch thick. Using a large biscuit cutter or a tuna can with both ends cut out, cut circles of dough. Place into a cast iron skillet, heated to medium, with a sprinkling of cornmeal on the bottom.
There was no way any images of my mash potato and avocado for guacamole were going to do the Smood justice so I thought I'd let the YouTube video do the demonstrating.
Or in sunsets.
BF: That’s an annual budget. This is the UN development report. You’d have to go through their experts and find out how they did those numbers.
Meanwhile, the guiding objectives are the same, whether in NATO’s East European frontiers in Kosovo and Georgia, or the shores of Tripoli. In Libya, NATO spokespeople are forecasting “NATO interoperable forces,” and kings and dictators are supported in Georgia and elsewhere. NATO also seeks a “Middle Eastern Partnership” to bring that area into their fold.
Blog Administrator
I don't own a cowboy hat. But I look pretty flippin' rugged here on my bale of straw, don't I????
We saw some beautiful historical houses with some amazing gingerbread moldings. The details of the gingerbread told the profession of the owner of the house. In this case it was a ships wheel. Very interesting.
Except, not quite. Although the universe’s total entropy is increasing, that doesn’t mean that every single point in it must be getting more and more random and disordered all the time. It’s possible to decrease entropy locally, in some small system, by doing some work (adding some energy) to bring some order to the proceedings. It is possible to build a sandcastle, obviously. You just have to provide some process by which effort is expended, and the sand is arranged into an ordered pattern – such as, pick up your spade and get to work.
*”I just seem to find no end to my humiliation today.”
Barely 5PM, it was prime feeding time for birds, who were crowded at the feeder. The sound of hundreds of happy songbirds was simply gorgeous. And then I noticed a clematis that had flopped over and tied it back up, and the more I stayed outside, tending to my neglected gardens, the more I realized what I have been missing by not slowing down and appreciating all the beauty around me. As I weeded and deadheaded, it occurred to me that perhaps my desire to buy new makeup is a based on a love of color. I don't need to buy stuff that clutters my home and my mind when I can enjoy all the beauty that nature has to offer.
Here's what I read and found interesting in January. It's not a complete list and these are not reviews per se - just commentary and notes, in case you find something here that strikes a chord.
Your Job as a Parent of an Unschooled Child
This is like saying that you are a big environmentalist, that you totally support people who take care of the earth, and would not support any business or organization that pollutes. But also, it is government intrusion to have laws that make it illegal for businesses to intentionally dump poison into rivers.
Janet Reno, fresh from burning up all those religious nuts in Waco, had her stormtroopers raid his relatives’ house in Florida at Castro’s behest.
Mom saved the day!
What do you enjoy most about your class?
Then once again stand proud.
Transmission
Even loves the things I hate about myself.
You’ve ruined my life.
On the sewing front... during the process of helping my folks move, my mom gave me a couple boxes of miscellaneous fabric and trims! I've been putting them through the wash getting them ready for my sewing groups Dress a Girl Around the World project that we're going to be doing in a few weeks.
Theorizing without observation gives only one piece of the puzzle; ditto observation without theorizing. When the two come together so forcefully, it gives pause.
Somehow word got out about our non-existent band, and the rumor spread to this idiot named Jon Rosen, a DJ and music rag publisher who fancied himself to be the king of Tucson's music scene (sadly, he was right). Jon started bugging us and our friends about this fake band, which we dubbed Bible Party after Jeff Davis' great soiree, and we (and our friends) exaggerated our accomplishments. Soon, people started actually believing we were this great secret band, even though we had never played, never practiced, and had absolutely no songs or, really, any willingness to write any.
As early as 1877, when this school photograph including my great-grandfather was taken at St Andrew's Middle Class School in Litchurch, Derby, Holden had identified the niche of scholastic photography as one in which he could specialise.
Dates: Aug 6-10; Age/Grade Range: 8-17yo
Thanks for the reminder. I did get to talk to the Ford people and pass ideas on. You wouldn't believe how many of your ideas are already in the 2010 Ford line-up! I'll write up a post about my visit to the Ford manufacturing plant this week and announce the winner of the book.
1.Great Day For Up "Taste of The Wasted" from Flores de Sangre
Alyson Kate
The Light's hope now lies in the young Nasharin warrior Darshun Luthais—the chosen Guardian, for he alone carries the power to stop Abaddon's black sorcery and end the war once and for all. But to do so he must cross over into Abaddon’s kingdom, and that means destroying the one who guards the border, a Fallen Angelic Throne, the secret to Asgoth's three hundred year Rule and invincibility.
Among the tenants who accumulated significant debts are Stechers’s Ltd, Prestige Holdings, Total Local Promotions, Tee Wee Ltd, Royal Castle Ltd.
On top of all this, there are several demands crying for intervention. Like electrifying the track; like setting up additional ticket counters (right now buying tickets in both stations is a nightmare); like establishing a railway medical college (was proposed in 2009 Rail Budget but so far no progress, not even foundation stone laid).
My little corner of the world. My younger brother was living with us for awhile and this was his room, our guest room. He moved out last spring and I've been slowly turning it into my jewelry/work room. I love having my own work space it makes all the difference in the world. Its so nice to close the door at night and feel like you can separate your work from your personal time. However, getting my mind to turn off jewelry related topics is a different story. . .
So wherever you find yourself today,
6,000 for a total of 12,000. Not 1.2 Million, or 1,200,000. But
(And yet, I can still barely contain myself whenever a new word comes floating out of either kid’s mouth).
Oooh, talking of stash, do you know I have bought only 2 skeins of yarn so far this year - how good am I? As always I started the year resolving not to buy yarn until I had seriously dented the stash. And then I lost my crafting mojo which meant I didn't even want to buy yarn, oooer. But now my mojo is back it seems, so I'm determined to start denting that stash......
Serves 2- 3
I've had a huge clearout of stuff I just don't use.
Hope this helps, Bec xox
When she reveals herself, it's only in those moments when you are authentically open to her charms. She'll surprise you as you drive around a bend in the road: There she is, veils of mist swirling up to her sturdy knees, those classic cliffs plunging down to the ocean and receding down the coast, so beautiful that you just want to cry.
Tomorrow I'll go out and remove my strawberry jam mixture and replace it with a proper sugar water solution. And hopefully this will be the final battle of this war dramatic ant war.
I do solemnly swear, that I will uphold and defend the Government of Virginia as
We left with a whole bag full of delicious things, from Polish cookies to spicy carrot salad, but what really captivated me was a simple tub of creamy mushroom salad. I hope to return soon to see if the Dnipro folks will part with this awesome recipe, but in the interim, I had such a hankering for it that tried to recreate it in the Crispy Cook test kitchen.
But you can bet that the manager of the store will receive a phone call or email from me.
Putting the mandate on the insurance companies
1 1/2 cup mini heirloom tomatoes
Updates…the family of Nally has mentioned that he indeed did not live with his mother and father indefinitely. However they have also mentioned that he was troubled and considered “mental.” They state that they as a family have had him arrested as a minor for choking his grandmother and that he put his mother through hell. They came on to inform the media that they in no way shape or form condone the actions of him and also that he should receive the maximum punishment allowed. You can read more of their comments in the comment section of this story. story below…
You will update the web site and Facebook group. If you have experience with Joomla and K2, you will rock! If you have social-media marketing expertise, I will hug you...virtually, of course.
The trip came as quite a surprise, and was planned something like this. Me: "I have a job! I'm taking a pre-job vacation!" My parents: "Come to Mexico with us!" My sister: "I'm coming along!" There it was: a family vacation. For a week, we traveled through Puebla, Taxco, with a last stop in Mexico City.
Regarding our inspiration piece: Bob Brookmeyer is an American jazz trombonist, pianist and arranger. He was born in 1929 and is 81 years old now and he continues to perform. He presently teach jazz composition at the New England Conservatory of Music in Boston Mass. He has also worked extensively as a composer and conductor in Europe. He started a school in the Netherlands teaching improvisation and composition. He received an Emmy Award Nomination for his 2005 Album Spirit Music. You can hear a sample of his music here.
Bristol is a fine city but new developments there are ugly, standard developments that you see all over the country. Like other enjoyable cities Bristol has appealing natural features like its Floating Harbour which goes half way into the city. Bristol is, unfortunately, following the fad for apartment blocks that are layered or serrated which are being slapped up all over the country.
He also said he dined each day as would a king. He basically said he had no problem except for hearing the screams of his abductor’s victims. He said he was living the good life there if not for the screams of those being tortured and killed before him.
You, yourself, are actually incapable of paying the cost that it takes to make you a good person. Fortunately there is one person who is capable of paying the price for you. That person, of course, is Jesus Christ.
It's the greatest mistake humans have ever made,
First, as the line for VIP admission snaked around the building, it was obvious that a large number of folks bought VIP tickets. One guy making the hike to the end of the line elicited a laugh from all of us when he said, "I guess I'm not as important as I thought I was." By 12:10, the line finally started moving, and by 12:40, I was inside the building, leaving me only 20 minutes for the exclusive tastings. I don't know if paying $20 a minute was a wise move, but I tried to squeeze an hour of drinking into twenty minutes.
She did this outstanding painting depicting this theme. As she painted the scripture was read. Then our worship team started playing. It was such an incredible experience for our Easter service.
William Faulkner is buried in St. Peter's Cemetery. There is a circle of trees surrounding his grave. It's said that if you enter that circle, you'll be cursed by Faulkner himself, for invading his privacy. It's also been claimed that sometimes, late at night, when folks walk their dogs or wander home from the bars and restaurants on the Square, and they pass the cemetery, that there’s another sound, something like the soft, muffled thud that khakis, old tweeds, and brogans might make tumbling in a clothes dryer. Some say it’s the sound of America’s greatest writer and Oxford’s most famous citizen, William Faulkner, spinning in his grave.
Admittedly, this snippet of dialogue doesn’t give the reader much to go on. It does, I think, represent the larger book on a couple of levels. But first, here’s the context. The book’s protagonist, Bureau of Land Management (BLM) Law Enforcement Ranger J. D. Books, has been drawn into a joint investigation with the local sheriff’s department. The case involves the mysterious disappearance of a prominent southern Utah couple, who, for decades, have been involved in looting Native American ceremonial and burial sites in search of ancient artifacts. When they fail to return from a weekend “skeleton picnic,” the hunt is on.
I don't want to close it, but my life has taken a lot of changes and I'm not sure exactly where this blog fits in anymore. Unfortunately that has led to me slacking off here.
Now, I am by no means a fashion expert. There are days where I feel like I’m on point and look pretty damn good and other days…not so much. So, I really have no idea what I’m talking about here; I just know what my eyes find offensive.
April's challenge for Some Texas Artists Like to Paint was tools. Our students in the second grade experience Pioneer Day each Spring. The children dress in costume and experience a wide variety of activities, such as washing clothes with a washboard or a very useful tool prior to the invention of the automatic washing machine.
It must advance the story, and must do so in a limited number of words (based on a percentage of the total number of words in the piece) or it will distort the pacing.
06. Higher Power - fades into news update -
then slice or chop; the restaurant juliennes the ham.
I was taking my sacred Sunday nap, the girls were outside in the back playing, and Joel was making dinner. I sort of woke up when I heard the girls at the back door saying things like, "What is it?" and "I can't see it very well!" and finally, "It's Chippy!"
One of the issues with having a mental health diagnosis is navigating responsibility. “If I have an illness then how much of what I do, say and think actually within my control?” It gets very tricky. Paraphilic Coercive Disorder would experience the same.
CCD Policies- Review and explain the CCD Policies that are in the Parent/Student Handbook so the catechist will know what they are and what the parent and student must follow so there will be no misunderstandings. This will allow CCD to be able to run smoothly and without any problems.
Tuccitto notes that where the 49ers struggle on defending the pass is when the opponent uses four or more wide receivers (accomplished with running backs split wide), but New York uses a four-plus wide receiver set only six percent of the time. That translates to something like a 0RB/4WR/1TE or a 1RB/4WR/0TE. So, watch for how many times the Giants try offensive sets apart from their norms, especially loading the numbers of wideouts in situations which aren’t necessarily in passing situations.
There's no introduction for the first act but my cutting-edge knowledge of modern music tells me it's Suzi Quatro.
4 tbsp of honey
Sit Down Shut Up
temperature hovering around a sweltering 40 degrees, we had an amazing time
Note: Mantle Cell Lymphoma has CD5 surface markers, and Mantle Cell Lymphoma is elevated in CFS.
This grill was amazing! It was hot as anything, but after a while I got the hang of working with it, and was able to get chicken that was perfectly cooked, and tasty. The chicken ended up so tender that you could literally pull the leg bone out of the leg with a simple twist of a pair of tongs! Here’s how we worked this magic: two step cooking. Often you want the skin browned, and the temperature in an oven just won’t do it as easily as the high heat of a grill or a saute pan. In this case the grill actually had two levels. The lower level would be fine for cooking thinner foods like a burger, but the upper level was a bit cooler. So, we used the lower level to mark the chicken, and then finished it on the to level. Season the chicken, and then put it on the grill skin side down. After a couple of minutes, check it, and if it is browned flip it to the other side. Then after a few more minutes we just moved everything to the top level. I was actually able to get about 14 pounds on the lower grill at one time, and in two layers I got an entire 40 pound case of chicken on the top. This is how I got 200 pounds of chicken cooked in an afternoon. It took about 160 pounds of charcoal, and cost me a bit of arm hair, but everyone had a great time!
I remember the stump. And the axe. And the wringing. But most of all I remember the chasing. Seems that no matter what tree I hid myself behind, those dead chickens always knew how to find me. Those crazy, headless chickens would chase me screaming and hollering all over Granny’s yard.
Your French fries are fried in corn oil, your beer has refined corn starch, your coffee is sprayed with maltodextrin (made from corn), etc. I daresay, most of the things you will ingest today will have come from corn.
Cycling Story
Jeremy announced as an appetiser that the idea of a small claims track for IP disputes that was suggested by Hargreaves is to be implemented.
- You fuckin serious? Really? I suppose though banks and corporations got status as peoples now, don't they? But they've robbed from the public purse in a massive transfer of wealth. And now they aren't paying back their debt, but giving their bosses big fuck-off bonuses again. If you lend your pal a fiver you expect him to pay you back right? Well these fuckers aren't...so what we're doin is beginning to re-right the balance of things.
All of these made him marvel when he compared the Chinese to what he saw in Europe and the Middle East. Even though he was an Italian, proud of his people and well aware of the greatness of Ancient Rome, Marco Polo wrote: "Surely there is no more intelligent race on earth than the Chinese."
Here is a quote from the book by Brian Croft and Phil Newton to whet your appetite.
And that was where we took off when John Trogner joined us. Is that a problem, that it's not a helles, a hellerbock, an Export, or a pilsner? No, we both agreed, it wasn't, what it was was very interesting. We had a beer that didn't fit in the traditional spectrum of lagers that everyone seems to have set in stone. About the only thing anyone's done is to lighten the color of Festbier and make that bastard "imperial pilsner." That hardly seems to be tradition-breaking. But then, lagers are things of subtle differences, at least...traditionally.
Bohemia Especial - Dominican Republic
Hollyoaks: Danny Mac (Dodger Savage)
Open non-thinkers read everything…
Pierre the Cornac Archer set out into the Trollmire, determined that he was going to find whatever hidden treasure the forest held. He didn’t let such petty concerns as monsters worry him — he had his trusty bow ready to turn any monsters into a pincushion.
My favourite part of this invitation is the wording: “Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same”.
And tread onward to your throne amid the mart?
Lis was kind enough to give me a lift to the Hollywood and Highland station so I could grab the train back to the hotel. We made a quick detour on the way: she took me to Miracle Mile! I told her about how I saw the movie Miracle Mile just before I left this most recent trip so she took me to the main area where they filmed. Even the restaurant is still in there, though it's no longer 24 hours, and we passed by the tar pits. Holy crap!
I read books on natural cosmetics, consulted my Grandma on how they did it in the 'old days', rethought the idea of 'cloth pads' (first I thought it exotic but gross & possibly terrifying lol!) and Googled like crazy.
also, our home is small and our living space is open so a little bit
I had the privileged of going to Kenya when I was 16 and I fell in love with the people. Of all the countries I’ve been to, Kenya is on my ‘Wish List’ to go back the first chance I get.
After a disastrous encounter with a thrash drummer—“I can play Anarchy in triple time.” No. You can’t—and one session with the talented but geographically-challenged Tom Trusnovic, we found Eric Whitlock on craigslist (!), and soon liberated him from a whingy numbers-in-their-name-type punk (lower case p) abomination (you’re welcome, Eric.)
And when I say every girlfriend has had a THAT friend that met these 4 principles, I mean it. Going back to college. Going back to high school. Going back to junior high. It’s a universal. Can I get an amen?!
Full Sail Amber 5
Bags of homemade pierogi dumplings ($8 for 16 pieces) will cover you for your next dinner party, available with potato and cheese, meat or cabbage and mushroom fillings. You can also pick up boxes of bigos hunter's stew ($8), golabki cabbage rolls ($8 for three) and flaki tripe soup ($9), generous with beef tripe, carrot and marjoram - all homemade by Hanna Luczak. Krokiet ($6 for 3) are deep-fried croquettes filled with minced meat and vermicelli noodles that make an easy, reheatable snack.
When you marry, or remarry at 54, that walk to the altar feels very different than it did for me at 35. If you have kids (we do not), they’re grown up and may have kids of their own. You’ve lost friends to premature death; we lost 12 in two horrible years. You’re facing your own health issues or those of aging parents.
a wedding gown,
Here again Germany should try to gain three centers in 1901. Belgium should be among the centers gained as then three German armies can come to bear on Burgundy in 1902. Once Burgundy is taken, Germany should try to infiltrate as many armies as possible through French lines. In conjunction, England is using its sea power to take and control the English Channel and the Mid-Atlantic Ocean. Then it is just a matter of beating the French into surrender.
1 assumption
I see him every night when I try to shut them.
Or you might get off a train at 18 or 22 or 25 or 35, and say "Wow. That sucked." You might spend the rest of your life trying to avoid trains. You might be able to make up for the time you lost, and find some passion after all. Good luck to you.
Reality is proved by the appearance. A foreigner does not need to look in the mirror he knows what he is and as his kind try to take our territory off us their children are brought up in their own culture and start to form rival communities to ours. The tradition is the content : events take place in history like Trafalgar or Ombdurman and we respect them and keep them going in celebrations and it becomes the content: it adds to the existing tradition giving us a scaffold as it were to structure our lives and culture. We keep them alive in our minds and they give us strength and confidence. We depend on the appearance to perceive the reality. The idealist notion that reality lies behind the appearance is not accessible to empirical investigation.
I’ve recently discovered that I can cook. With the right instructions and motivation, I can actually kick some butt in my kitchen. Now, people who don’t know me should know that I’ve never liked cooking in my entire life. The whole 30 years I’ve been on this planet, I have not found any passion for cooking, until now.
There was one by the Sustainable Defense Task Force, organized by Reps. Barney Frank and Ron Paul, which outlined a plan to cut $960 billion by 2020.
There are times I feel I've been whisked back into the 1950's since living here. I've noticed over the years how men in particular (sometimes the women, too) can't look a woman in the eyes, can't have an adult conversation and won't take instructions from a woman. The amount of times I've answered the door to workmen (and other men) asking, "is he in?" and "is the boss man about?" and "I can't see him anywhere (looking around frantically as though they're terrified of speaking to a woman), shall I come back?" Do men realise how annoying this is? Do they not understand that in this day and age, women do possess some skills and are capable of having a conversation without talking about kids, washing and what to have for tea? I was particularly irritated the other day when two workmen showed up at the house. They came in separate cars. As we have sheep and lambs on the garden it's important we keep the drive gate closed at all times. But these workmen left it wide open. It's usually open when there are no sheep about, and as they've been before it was quite obvious that it was closed for a reason. I was just about to get in the shower when they arrived, the dogs barking furiously alerted me to their arrival. I peeped out of the window and assumed The Farmer would be around so I carried on and got in the shower. Unfortunately, The Farmer wasn't around and the next thing I knew there was a ladder being fixed against the outside of the house. Without further ado, I got out of the shower, dressed and went downstairs. Flung open the back door in temper and realised it was the two men who had been coming to do some maintenance on the outside of our house since the horrendous winter of 2010. It's now spring 2012.
But if all of these dreams might find there way
(Memo to FF: Revisit this area in the fall with a nod to West Windsor and Grover's Mill, the site of the Martian landing in War of the Worlds and Orson Welles' 1938 Mercury Theatre radio broadcast that panicked the pants off everyone. Bet those folks could have used a big Belgian brown back then to help 'em settle down.)
Jackson went to MDO for two years, one of those years it was a necessity because I was still working. Since I stopped working right before Brayden was born, the second year of MDO was a nice time to bond one-on-one with Brayden and a really good opportunity for social development for Jack.
One, I wasn’t sure about my ability to fully process my experiences in a mindful manner…understanding the complex emotions of dominant…
11. Heavenly Body
Fairy House Building
I have some simple art for you today, just a glitter gradient over a nice shimmer polish. I was going for Easter and spring with pastels, but I think it reads "Ice Queen." It may have missed the mark, but I think it is gorgeous, either way.
3) Include journaling - check
Attempts to contact Nitzan and a police spokesperson at the time of publication were unsuccessful, but Mambaonline will continue to pursue the matter.
As much as I want to look forward to each new day the nights suck. Just saying. I’m scaring myself with how healthy I’m acting. But I do miss him. So much. Every time I get a little pang I just talk myself out of it. It’s easy with him not around. I can’t imagine what I would do if he were right in front of me. We both melt in each other’s presence.
I mentioned recently that I'd put away my Belgian winter ale stash for the season, but I also have a couple of Americans that have been hanging around since the colder days and I'm nowhere near as confident about their ability to see the summer through and stay any way fresh, so I guess I'd better drink them.
Which is really sad because studies have shown that talking about your struggles and feeling heard is a major step towards gaining healing and making progress in the right direction.
The delegation members expressed solidarity with Syria, stressing rejection of all forms of foreign interference in its internal affairs.
For more tips on how to share your expertise through writing, keep reading…
So it is no surprise that he found that older women were more moral. In my studies too I have found that older women were more prone to to "faking good" (i.e. have high lie scale scores).
I think his awesomeness defies explanation. It’s a gift that God bestows on but a few.
SG: Let’s see what we can find shall we.
I guess I really want to be able to love him and know that he loves me, but I don't believe it is possible to have such a softness. I think there will always be jagged edges of the past and the rigidness of suspicion. I can't let go and trust.
Of course, all NORMAL people can see the obvious contradiction in the above.
Here is the actual scientific explanation from the esteemed scientists of Cyberskin.com:
I haven't said a lot because I wasn't sure I would write it, but I'm almost at 70k words! Meaning I'm on the home stretch to finishing the first draft. I already have the ending written, I just have to go back and add a couple chapters that lead up the the climax. And it's fantastic! I'm so excited for how faced paced and intricate this book is. Brusenna has grown and changed so much from the time we first met her. She's finally become the woman I wanted her to be. I still have a lot of editing in front of me, but I have something to work with, and drafting is the hardest part anyway.
You have GOT to try those! Like, yesterday!
I love how they are so called out when they do things like this. (And with so many experts, pundits and eyes studying your every move, why do these people do these things?)
It was a music magazine and it became more – a political and cultural rallying-point for alternative points of view of all kinds. Its writers, designers and production staff tapped phones, biked cheques from bank to bank and drove in relays to the Kerry train to catch the printers, after long nights of putting the magazine together fuelled by coffee so thick a Turk could trot on it. They became a family, a haven of mutual support and, like many families, a place too for dysfunction and, for some of them, excess.
I was going to spend the WHOLE WEEK crafting up a storm, trying to catch up with Christmas gifts. Instead I ended up taking my sister to the doctors today and ended up waiting there forever. Came home hungry and exhausted, an empty shell of a person. (Though I did sneak some shopping in there while she was waiting and bought some lovely fabric to make MORE beautiful things with!) More running around tomorrow morning and then back to creating.
EB: Bloomsbury made you a lovely musical map of the town, which can be seen and heard here - and which also appears in the paperback edition. How concrete a map of the town did you have in your head as you wrote? There’s also a theme of maps in the novel: can you comment on the significance of the fact that Tutt Bevan the Undertaker is looking for a straight line through the
CARTE BLANCHE TREATMENT
I loved the end result and we got the most compliments on them in the park!
Moving in! Slowly. We've been bringing boxes and more boxes over from my parents' place to our new home. And then we've been unpacking and trying to find the perfect space for all that stuff.
…but this time it’s going to be a film script like last year. That, my friends, I can do.
In 1844, a lower Manhattan dry goods merchant John Haggerty Austen purchased the old Dutch house, dilapidated but still desirable due to its view of a harbor clogged with ships. Austen greatly expanded the property into a Gothic revival summer cottage worthy of an old European fairytale. Soon, several members of the Austen clan lived here year-round. And in 1866 they were joined by Austen's unmarried daughter and her small infant Alice.
He said to me: "It is done. I am the Alpha and the Omega, the Beginning and the End. To him who is thirsty I will give to drink without cost from the spring of the water of life. He who overcomes will inherit all this, and I will be his God and he will be my son.
P-I-N-K
To touch the soul of another human being is to walk on holy ground.
They threw down history. They exalted the profane and spat upon the sacred.
Certainly, computer software may satisfy the "transformation" test (see, e.g., claims 5-6 in Abele), but chances are that practitioners, in a practical sense, would rather rely on the "machine" leg of the Benson test. Alas, the CAFC will have to address this test another day:
reclined in the alley. Fascinated, he watched me as he drank
Bebe, the little baby penguin, is sold separately and comes in a plastic egg. Bebe has three switches that you can press to make her talk. The directions state that Bebe can “talk” to Penbino if you point her directly at Penbino’s heart. We had a little trouble getting this to work but were able to get Bebe to say “Mama” in a cute little voice and that seemed to be enough for my little ones! Bebe is available in 6 different colors, each with its own unique voice.
The writers at Why South Africa Sucks and its various prior incarnations were warriors in a war we will all soon be fighting. May God keep them safe and see them well for they have shown great courage in the face of a deadly foe. They have now wisely chosen to move on, but their bravery and their achievement remains.
Making Friends With Second-Hand Watches
“Am I going to get the Today Show, the New York Times, and NPR?” Unlikely.
These bins, these bins hold no bread;
10. Journal. Record your food intake and exercise so you can see what behaviors are helping you and where you can make some changes.
According to the Defence Industry Expo’s own website: (www.defenceandindustry.gov.au) the Australian Government plans to replace 80 percent of its “war fighting” assets by 2020. This constitutes an “investment” of $150bn of taxpayers money.
What you really have here is another case of beta males trying to ape alpha-male behavior.
I'm sure Jupiter isn't really interested in their whole marriage problem, but how to get them in a threesome with him (You can never put it past him to do that, just look how he is looking at Psyche and holding Cupid!)
And I attempt to capture it ALL on digital photo memory cards (that just doesn't ring as well as capture it on film, does it? LOL)
The Government of the largest province of Pakistan is also working hard to give relief to the poor class of Pakistan.
Snap them shut tight
Genetically engineered foods are required to be labeled in the European Union nations, Russia, Japan, China, Australia, New Zealand, and many other countries around the world. A recent poll released by ABC News found that 93 percent of the American public wants the federal government to require mandatory labeling of genetically engineered foods. As ABC News stated, “Such near-unanimity in public opinion is rare.”
I'm turning forty this week. I've been told, it's a big one; I should have a huge celebration; 40 is the new 30; I don't look a day over 29.
Image by Glitterbabe,
Actually, I'm pretty sure you could call it an extended vacation. Truth is, I can't even count down the days until my vacation is over, because as of now it's a permanent situation.
Here is John Milton’s Sonnet XXIII:
Rosa: This is a kind of custard, but not curd since there's no acid in it. Although this color is very much like lemon curd!
“I can’t wait to appear on HSN and Snookifiy it! You will be able to buy my signature fragrance, slippers, sunglasses and you can even get your own Crocodilly!” said Nicole “Snooki” Polizzi. “They will make great gifts and I know the two hour event will be so much fun… be sure you tune in!”
And each is made with love.
Last on the bill, Headliners UNHOLY GRAVE, seemed to be playing on half speed from the off. The singer , as a german chap I befriended at the gig later said, seemed to be trying his hardest to transform into the Japanese Lee Dorian circa nowadays Cathedral. With his disco hands, jumping around and zig zagging from left to right, he wasn’t far wrong.
Arsenal go into today’s final match knowing that they’ll be without Fabregas and Walcott.
128. Revolting Rhymes: Roald Dahl
Love spending time with them - just wish it could have been longer...
Welcome back to my Six Sunday post, all due to http://www.sixsunday.com/ twitter #sixsunday. This is my third post and the first two you can find scrolling on my home page. The first 6 talked a little about the world and how our heroine has to avoid zombies, unless she has the ketchup and mustard bottles ready for them. The second 6 has some tension as Cindy and our heroine came across a dog. The following 6 continues right where last week's left off...
In this case I used wonderful smelling lemon balm. Arrange it so that the greens literally drop over the corners of the vase. Rectangular vases are easy to arrange in!
Since cauliflower is white and kind of tasteless (in my opinion), it’s perfect to blend in with different kind of recipes.
But I am jealous as I sit here and the hubster and the SIL are sitting out on the porch, smoking some flavoured tobacco via the hubbly bubbly (and no, that is not code for anything illegal, it really is just flavoured tobacco) and relaxing. Because I don't want to be out there in the second hand smoke, not while pregnant.
4.) Ribbon
Prefill done today....tape and mud tomorrow. Oh joyous tape and mud. And look at those shoe thingies....that takes skills. Balance and looking up at the ceiling and carrying around the little muddy tray....skills.
Starting at the neck cavity opening, gently slide your fingers between the skin and the muscle tissue of the chicken, loosening the skin at the bottom of the breast and around the thighs
Adam Nicolson, the heir to Sissinghurst -- one of the most famous gardens in the world -- wrote this:
~ Kahlil Gibran"Busy as a bee" and how busy the bees have been this spring. We have all sizes from tiny little yellow fellows, all the way up to these giant bumble bees. They have latched on to the hyssops of blue and apricot (agastache), the lavender, daylilies, milkweed, black-eyed susan, and any other plant with anything that resembles a flower. Of course, the lavender and the bee balm (monarda) are the favorite. In fact, each bloom is often covered with two or three big bees at one time. I noticed that even at dusk when most insects are retreating for the night, these bees almost seemed to be in a bee-drunken stupor; settled down in between the blooms with wings folded, not moving even as the camera came to within inches of their heads. Yes, indeed... these two are drunk with delight. It wouldn't surprise me if they didn't stay on the flowers all night.
Apart on the on the internet ticket booking procedure, you are also able to book your deals for the expo over the social networks such as Face Guideline. Face Book have been more popular among the men and women all over the world and it’s now the No.1 social networking site. Auto Expo Next year is seen with a lot of supplements from the a variety of Motor vehicle companies to exhibit their best so as to cope up while using every day and overseas players. It’s got already been revealed that 24 car or truck launches are from the home market together with around Seven begins from the global economy. Let us wait to view the vehicle launches as soon as possible.
The Guyism website says that "Guyism is all about you, the male Internet user, and what you need from an online experience." What guys seems to most need from an online experience is the opportunity to look at pictures of fabulous babes, who are usually more or less déshabillé -- that is a core principle of guyism. (I personally prefer more to less, but a little déshabillé is better than none at all.)
Tacoma activated reliever Scott Patterson from the disabled list today, and he is available to pitch immediately.
I am just crazy about flowers this spring. My first time to ever put up a window box! So much fun. I just stuck a variety of flowers in there and am hoping for the best :)
Dorian Grey, before it all went pear-shaped.
I shifted on my feet. A Peanut butter and jelly sandwich would be a God Send right now. Too bad we only get them twice a year. We were only allowed commodity foods twice a year.
A friend who just got married is just back from her honeymoon, while the divorced one is now engaged to someone else.
The End Is Nigh.
The nine books in February came to a rather slight total of 3,632 pages after a few thin books read in February. Add this to January's total and my running total for the year is 9,271 pages. The longest book this month was A Girl's Guide to Kissing Frogs, while the shortest by a very clear margin was Belle's Song.
So now we await for our child's information. I am so excited about this. I just know that this child will be such a blessing to our home, and I pray that our small $32 a month and our letters will bless him/her!
That was the theme of a misguided Times article Tuesday, which focused significantly on gentrification-led change (see the map below, highlighting small establishments), while missing the fact that such change had nothing to do with reclaiming the enduring "scar" of the Vanderbilt Yard.
Jesus responded: “Unless I wash you, you have no part in me.” The pronouncement must have rung in Peter’s ears, and his reply shows the depth of his heart’s commitment to his Master: “Not just my feet but my hands and my head as well.”
A bunch of asparagus, chopped into 2cm lengths (approx)
Well, of course the candidate this year who often seems shut out of the debate receiving fewer questions is Ron Paul. We all know the Rockefeller establishment is for the liberal Republican Mitt Romney, a man who supported abortion until he decided to run for president. A man who supports gun control, tax and spend government, and of course Ombamneycare, having ran the pilot program in Massachusetts.
mp3 at 190-ish kbs, but excellent recorded sound. And did I say excellent playing? I did? OK.
I stirred the curry in
Chorizo, Curly Kale & Potatoes
I want to be strong and remain strong for his second birthday, I pray that I am. But I feel the pain. I know it is there. It never went away. It never will. I will live with this pain for the rest of my life. I have learned to manage the pain though there are times when it seeps through. There are days that the pain is worse than others.
a bit of olive oil and
1046 ***D-V/6/1989. “The Original Gorgias?” Basic Program Weekend Conference, The University of Chicago, Starved Rock State Park, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item B-7, above, pp. 264-78 (1997).)
Language can be quite specific not only to a State but a suburb, or even a school. When I was at high school in Perth many many years ago non-uniform clothes were called "civvies", yet the high school down the road called them "colours". In Sydney "mufti" was the term used at every school my kids went to.
"I don't run a cinema here, little man
I understand that that was in a HOA neighborhood, and he doesn't have the right to shit in his own bathroom without permission in triplicate, but I really hope the judge tells the HOA to take a hike. The individual in question actually tried to comply with their regulations, and nobody told him he wasn't until after the gigantic swingset was up.
5. I have never had sex with a man. I am awaiting a letter from the Pope confirming that my son’s conception was immaculate and that he is Christ risen again.
“Winter Wipeout is a show written and produced by gay spies and orgy-ists or homociders.”
The likelihood of the founder of WikiLeaks facing possible extradition to the US has strengthened with a number of senior American politicians declaring that he has breached the Espionage Act.
Alright, the show is over, time to get creative.
Whipped up dinner out of Ruth van Waerebeek's Everybody Eats Well in Belgium cookbook tonight, which I haven't opened in years. Glad I got it out! I did the Roast Pork with Mustard and Onions, because I happened to see a nice little pork loin roast at Giant, and then a bag of frozen pearl onions (I'd get fresh, but I didn't have time to peel them).
(As a side note, I've been thinking of how I can have a giveaway that includes all of my writer friends and all of the many genres they write in. So, the next giveaway will be for a query critique. When? When I have time, of course! I'll let you know around the net.)
Now I've come inside and opened all the windows to let the desert night whisper in. The moon is full and glorious and at any moment the coyotes will make themselves known. Cats and rabbits, beware.
Afghanistan: A Gathering Menace (The American Scholar) – a journalist’s take on traveling with US soldiers. Is this just bravado or a toxic culture?
Split Timers
TOO quiet..........
Me: Why is that?
Remove from the heat, cool and grind in a spice or coffee grinder. Add the remaining ingredients except for the oil and stir well. Heat the oil in a frying pan and when hot, add the spice mixture and fry for around five minutes until the paste turns darker. Cool and empty into a jar. Store in the refrigerator.
Foeders are, of course, the huge oak barrels Rodenbach ages
I almost cried when I realized what I'd done. Not because I felt like an idiot (even though I did), not because it meant I would be late getting home (because I was), but because I felt like it spoiled the weekend. After a bit of giggling with my mum, and a bit of a reality check I reminded myself that the weekend wasn't ruined and I'd have a good story for my blog. I really did have a wonderful weekend at home. I'm so thankful for all of the amazing people in my life.
I made this map board out of an old corkboard that was chilling in the garage. The map is also a decal from World Market. The shelf matches the two over the desk.
I know when I first started drawing, I learned how to draw things and then always drew them the same way each time...I struggled so much with learning anatomy and the overwhelming task of learning how to draw everything that if I found a way to draw something that worked, I stuck with it whenever I could.
Aliphatic Alcohol – See Lanolin and Vitamin A.
Using a digi of mine can win you a prize of 2 free images, and thank you to all who did, the winner is :
Though he's taken to yeowling whenever I sing lately...
Catherine Cordero - 6
I'm going to make this short but sweet! I have in my possesion a $25 giftcard from Starbuck's! Most everyone loves Starbuck's, even if they aren't a big coffee fan (like myself, don't hate me, k?). Most everyone loves boobs and want to do something to save them, right?
Glancing Through the Glimmer.
The intellectual property and high-tech industries are still trying to figure out what to make of Twitter’s recent patent announcement. The company has stated that it will begin using a new patent assignment agreement it calls the Innovator’s Patent Agreement (IPA).
Just click on the image to enlarge it for easy reading!
Under Articles 94.1 and 95, the Tribunal expelled Craig Whyte for life from any participation in Association Football in Scotland.
Anyway, a full episode guide, trivia and quotes page will exist here on the blog at some point as this was one of my most watched shows of the 80’s. For now, check out the original season 1 intro:
They are the ones supporting the perversion and decline of Scientology.
James Taylor
Paul didn’t even look human after two weeks in the water. Only knew it was him on account of what was left of the tattoos he wore on his arms.
Jim Rice was unquestionably a better hitter than Mike Cameron. Everybody knows that. Even if you neutralize their offensive numbers -- which, admittedly, is already playing with the numbers more than many would like -- Rice hit for a much higher average, got on base more, slugged 50 or 60 points better. No, it's not close. Rice led the league in homers three times, in triples once, in total bases four times, in RBIs twice and so on. Mike Cameron never led the league in anything good (he did lead the league in strikeouts once) and only once finished in the Top 5 in anything good (fifth in triples one year). No, it isn't close.
I forgot the rules of the dance
My heart thumps, loud forceful licks, Anyone near could hear them. Pounding through my skin, feel this. No man has ever done to me what you do.
I will not spoil my sheath with lesser brightness,
My parents taught my siblings and myself that people were to be judged by their actions, not who they happened to be. It was no big deal that three of their best friends were gay -- two men who owned a restaurant had lived together for many years and a psych nurse who happened to be a lesbian. I was especially found of her because she let me drive her MG convertible after I got my driver's license.
This year I have decided to do my best to practice the KISS method of holiday preparations.
I sent the band into the chilly, damp November night with wishes for a Happy Thanksgiving, and then I came back inside, lit some candles and sat for my own run-through of the music.
Over the past twenty-five years I have viewed with growing alarm and consternation the developments in the North American Anglican Church, in the Anglican Church of Canada and the Episcopal Church and more recently in the Common Cause Partnership and the Anglican Church in North America. I have watched the Episcopal Church succumb to liberalism, modernism, pluralism, and post-modernism. I have seen the good news of salvation by grace and justification by faith replaced by a false gospel of radical inclusivity and universal salvation.
Of course ultimately this speaks not to the politicians but to the electorate at large and to the intellectuals who educate them. As things stand now, any aspiring politician who speaks plainly, andwho doesn't pander to those living in a fantasy world, is unelectable.
We enjoyed our afternoon - although it wasn't totally as I had planned. I told her she didn't have to have rest time in her room - that we could watch a movie together. She picked Horton Hears a Who, and we settled in to watch it together. Unfortunately, Caleb did not obey and stay in his bed for a nap so I was up and downstairs spanking him. He finally was told he was not going to get to have ice cream tonight. Very sad. I was sad for him and knew it was not going to be a pretty sight at Coldstone later on....that's the consequence of not obeying though!
However, this is New York City, and the evening would not be complete without upping the ante in some more remarkable chance occurrence. A man who, coincidentally, had also eaten at Trattoria Spaghetto introduced himself. Employed at Columbia University, both he and Jeffrey bonded over their mutual acquaintance and reverence for John Dobson.
I’m also pretty sure that there are a lot of people out there who would have loved the opportunity to get “up close and personal” like this.
And so it goes with our lives.
When I made the second loaf, just yesterday morning, I took a hint from my grandmother's Easter bread recipe. I added just a little bit of sugar (1/4 cup for a half-loaf) and the zest of half a lemon. I also made one other change. I was out of milk and buttermilk, so I used plain yogurt and light cream instead. It made the bread more tender than the previous loaf, which had been made with buttermilk. I will deinitely be making this sweet breakfast bread again.
*Liquid Pearls: Butterscotch
Brad Deveau
rejoice in the Lord when the sun shines.
WS: If you’re writing about high-level armed robbery in the U.S., Lufthansa is certainly the high-water mark. Six guys walked into the Lufthansa cargo terminal at JFK and – without firing a shot – walked out with between $5-$10 million in untraceable cash (no one ever knew for sure how much). At the time, it was the largest cash robbery ever on American soil, and very little of the money – only about $30,000 – was ever recovered. However, within a few months afterward, almost all the principals had been murdered, because the bosses found it was cheaper and easier to kill them than pay them their share.
I covered my card and added the two sentiments. I wrapped the bottom portion using jute and added a stick pin. I made my own stick pin using head pins and beads that I found in the jewelry section of a craft store. Using Diamond Glaze (Glossy Accents would work, too) I adhered the beads to the pin. I finished the card by adding some accents using my Pearl Pen.
Another protester, Nurul Amani Faizal (picture right), 28, said that 10 male police officers charged at her and beat her.
My sports writing on this site, such as it is, is generally reserved for either quirky, weird or historical sports, or for athletes who have some connection to show business. However, we happened to be at a history-making MLB game the other day, and it seems worth recording.
And then there are the places that are almost theoretical. I vaguely know that there is a place called The Maldives, but I haven't the vaguest idea where they are or what they look like. I'm not even sure if I should refer to the place in the singular or the plural? Is it The Maldives or are they The Maldives? Does anything happen there? Has anything ever happened there? Surely it must have a history, a people, a government, an ecosystem, some distinguishing characteristics -- but for me, beyond its name, it doesn't exist at all. I didn't know Grenada existed until Ronald Reagan invaded it in 1983. And now all I know about it is that Ronald Reagan invaded it in 1983.
Dealing with grief is perhaps one of the most difficult things in life.
Well, not exactly.
I've glanced around the floor of the van a few times since then and never spotted him, but he keeps us company on all our travels, constantly warning us about our reckless driving and protesting the potholes that we insist on bumping over. He's a very safe driver, himself. I've decided he must be wedged underneath a seat somewhere in order for every slightest bump to aggravate him so, and I have no intention of removing him from his predicament.
Jackie~
Centered Flowers are RAK from B.....
Feb taught me not to be afraid of adding things to give more dimentsion to my cards!!! My fav card this month had to be my gorjuss bee tilda!!!
The person you may want to smooch while wearing this is... THIS GUY.
and I gave myself 6 months.
They don’t bother with no fkn disguise
Hani was assassinated on April 10, 1993 outside his home in Dawn Park, a racially-mixed suburb of Boksburg. Using a gun provided by Derby-Lewis, Polish far-right immigrant Janusz Walus shot him in the head as he stepped out of his car.
trade, hitchhiking his way to Toronto. I felt better after a shower,
And I have them sectioned off for everyone on your list; start writing these ideas down:
All of us, yes, including yours truly, work for the Boss but that’s another story for another time!!
Meet the Project HOPE Volunteers
The selection was serendipitous as juneyeta wrote: “I have MANY of the same pieces and GORGEOUS shoes as you.” So the skirt should fit right in with the rest of her wardrobe.
I love my blog followers! They have the best sense of humors anywhere! I had a laugh just ordering some of them. So if I haven't told you all lately...thank you for supporting my blog with all your wonderful, funny, and inspirational comments! You guys ROCK!!!!
Dec. 17: Hard Rock Casino, Miami, FL
Despite Bloomberg’s efforts, the housing shortage is going to increase, warned Jerilyn Perine, Executive Director, Citizens Housing and Planning Council. She described how city investment in the 1980s and 1990s “helped build a marketplace” and attract private capital, but most new construction was unaffordable to the average New Yorker. Less than 25% of available apartments are affordable to New Yorkers at the median income
Enjoy collecting and sharing these precious moments!
After a nice day in the yard I headed out to a FunRaiser for a breast cancer organization called Team Towanda. I was participating in the health fair prior to the party honoring and celebrating amazing women. It was a great event with food and dancing all night long. I was blessed to have both my sister Kelly and a friend Grace attend the party as my dates.
Time to turn in. Nursing the baby, while drinking liquid therapy (slushie, I know its bad bad bad), while Itty Bitty is playing with her Leap Pad behind me as I type up this blog. Life is good…at least until I wake up tomorrow and find that the chores still need doing. Ah well.
The Wife
The aroma is lagery, but clearly made with real barley and not adjuncts. It's a fresh, biscuity malt, with just a touch of that sour apple. It's middle of the road, but inoffensive as many lagers can often be.
Sized to fit standard shelves, stylish design to fit any décor
I couldn't think about anything but the pain and I think he must have known that because he spoke. He either expressed a feeling or asked a question in between each swat. The questions were hard to answer. It seemed as soon as I answered I would get the next swat.
and when I read Christy's post, I could SO relate!! I've been thinking a lot about the subject of balance in my life lately, and I'm always looking for a new perspective on this and tips for how to achieve such a thing. more on that after Christy tells you a bit about her average day and what's important to her....
FH: No, to be honest, I can’t think of any, so far, fingers crossed.
Did Jacob ever overcome his insecurities? Perhaps. Perhaps not. I wonder if many are aware of this, but it usually takes an individual to overcome his or her faults during an entire lifetime. A good number of people never succeed in overcoming all of their faults. And since “INTO THE WEST” focused more on his and Thunder Heart Woman’s children in the last three episodes, audiences never discovered if he had overcome all of his faults and insecurities. Jacob certainly seemed more at peace in his old age than he did during his first forty years. Perhaps those years of solitude near the Sierra Mountains foothills helped him finally achieve some inner peace.
You can't do this on your blog....
I might just be a bit more irregular with my blog posts simply because I love Spring and I need to be out and about. Also, I have a few meetings to attend and I have to try and focus on being a professional adult (I know, that sucks). I hope to share details of the upcoming projects soon (if I am legally permitted to). And I hope you are all enjoying your delicious Spring weather and gearing up for a fabulous Summer.
The yoga system of living and health is vegetarian, because its dietary practices are based on the belief that healthy food contains prana. Prana is the universal life energy, which yoga experts believe is abundant in fresh fruits, grains, nuts and vegetables, but absent in meat because it comes from an animal that has been killed. Some Buddhists in Japan and China are vegetarian because of their spiritual beliefs.
The rice makes the soup thick and hearty, while the kielbasa gives it smokiness (as well as some protein). I will definitely “cook” this again. It was super-simple and quick! I was done in less than 15 minutes!!
*JB’s 2012 NHL regular season prediction record is 622-550 = 53.07%
In 1803, American legal scholar St. George Tucker said of the Second Amendment, “The right of self defence is the first law of nature: in most governments it has been the study of rulers to confine this right within the narrowest limits possible. Wherever standing armies are kept up, and the right of the people to keep and bear arms is, under any colour or pretext whatsoever, prohibited, liberty, if not already annihilated, is on the brink of destruction.” He also criticized the British government for taking away its citizens’ guns under the pretext of preserving animal populations; he saw it as problematic that few people were allowed to keep guns in their homes.
Best UK bottle or canned beer
Reminder: Submissions Due in 4 days!!!!
The kingdom of heaven is valuable: In a world that often lacks any substance or value, when we find God’s Kingdom, we will do anything to have it. It is worth more than anything we presently have. We know this is something real and valuable. It might necessitate a relocation or a restructuring of our life, but we will gladly do it. There will be sacrifices, but they are small in comparison.
Hiring a France Schengen visa agent will be a wise decision for a person who knows nothing about visa filing and even don’t have time to invest in the process.
3T brown sugar
Quid = Pound = currency. Example, “This sandwich cost me 2 quid.”
Leaving Yellowstone behind this final time was sad, but we still had 4 or 5 days left and I had a couple of places I wanted to revisit. In 1993 I had taken my friend Doris in my VW Pop-top camper and driven to Yellowstone (from Denver, where I lived at the time). The van broke down, we parked it in the lot of the Conoco station in the park and waited for a part. It didn't work, so we got towed to West Yellowstone, Montana, rented a car and drove from there into that corner of Idaho that is adjacent to the back of the Tetons. The map showed a dirt road over the Tetons, so as the sun was setting I took it. Of course, as it got darker and darker, the road got narrower and narrower and higher and higher! It finally came down to Flagg Ranch in the northern part of the Tetons. I have dreamed of that road ever since, and wanted to see it in daylight. An internet search named it for me: Grassy Lake Road.
To be honest, I think this must've been the part of the show when everyone was expected to go and put the kettle on.
__The first among them were the Hunnes, the Turk tribes, who in the 4th-5th century A.D. forever did away with millennial domination of the Ancient-Scythian culture in the North Black Sea Coast. They opened the so called ” Migration Period”. Next to the Hunnes the territory of the present-day Ukraine was occupied by Avars (6th-7th cent.), Khazars (7th-10th cent.), Pechenigs and Polovets (9th-13th cent.), Golden Horde (13th-14th cent.).
*WOMEN ARE WHERE WE GATHER THE EVIDENCE FOR MORTALS BEING FASHIONED TOGETHER IN A FEARFULLY WONDERFUL WAY for they are every bit as beautiful as they are humbling.
in birdsong
It also cut its growth forecasts for the US to 1.7% in 2011 and 1.8% in 2012. It had previously expected growth of 2.6% and 3.1% respectively.
Lilly: "Guess what I'm naming my character!"
Missing somebody? Feeling sick? Feeling tired? Can you just not be bothered to do anything?
wouldn’t be visible for the world
So, here are the books I've chosen:
Dear reader, please take a deep breath, and read on.
Native Hawaiians, and Native non-profit organizations addressing safety for Native women. We are excited to help provide national leadership to end violence against Native women through important partnerships with the National Congress of American Indians Task Force on Violence Against Women, the National Task Force to End Sexual and Domestic Violence Against Women, the Domestic Violence Resource Network, numerous Indian nations, national Indian organizations, tribal coalitions, other national organizations addressing violence against women, and Native
I can’t control my feelings, nor even stop disparaging thoughts which may be raining on me. But I can control my response to all of that, choosing to recite scripture, such as the classic spiritual warfare passage, Ephesians 6:10-20. Reciting and praying the our Father/Lord’s prayer. As well as “the Jesus Creed.”
Why are men and women engaging in this destructive dance of indiscretion?—an exercise that leaves both parties emotionally deficient and intellectually insecure to see the error of their ways?. I believe that many men and a growing number of women behave this way because many of them lack the courage to be different.
I began (on Ina's suggestion) by melting only part of the chocolate in the microwave. I melted about 2/3 of the chocolate in 20 second intervals. This is really important as you don't want to scorch the chocolate. Once chocolate is melted, add in the remainder of chocolate and stir until all chocolate is melted. Immediately, pour into the middle of the rectangle on the parchment paper. Spread melted chocolate to the edges of the rectangle.
One such piece is the beautiful antique French bookcase which arrived in the store last Friday. I have been looking for this piece for about 8-10 months. I wanted an antique cabinet which had glass doors so that I could display things inside of it, timber shelves because I don’t like glass shelves at all, lovely carving, a straight top so that I could put things on top of it, the right size to fit on a particular wall in the shop and also be in good condition. It needed to tick all of those boxes and also be a good price.
This painting was part of a series I was developing called Red Shifts, exploring various strong emotional states (anger, passion, etc.) associated with the colour red, and seeing what that colour does to some relatively milder emotional states (comfort, hope, etc.). I only ended up doing a handful of paintings even though I was getting into it and enjoying the monochromatic limits of this series.
Hello and welcome back to Day Two of the Easter Blog Hop. If you just happened to come visit my Blog and would like to Hop along, You can start at the beginning with our Hostess Lisa
For instance, what would be the proceeding for a mere local demand? It might be summed up thus : A large and definite proportion of mild, a dash of matured, a heavy quantity of what is termed gyle or heading, and a warm racking room, to give the immediate cask condition; while, on the other hand, and to simply give the extreme case for export, the proportionate intermixture would be entirely different and the heading would sink to a minimum. This general principle underlies the whole of the several processes common to Irish breweries, but I think it would be manifestly unfair to enter into further detail. Many people have attempted to imitate the treble intermixture process by substituting returned porter or old beer, which has been bought, for what I have described as the matured or vatted stout, and by using, for heading purposes, actual fermenting wort or simple malt flour, but in every case complete failure has resulted. The old, or returned beer is different in every way to stout matured under pressure, while the fermenting wort or the malt flour, however vigorous they may be in the direction of inducing condition, are in no sense comparable with a strong wort partially fermented; since, in one case, we are introducing developing yeast wholesale, in the other merely wort with high fermentative capacity, freed from excess of yeast-forming matter by the semi-fermentation that it has passed through.
Trough the late XIX century dandy style with striped trousers, clean cut velvet jackets and the little prince hair cut to the folk, excentric style, full of jewelry , fur coats, dentelle collars and silk foulards. The sporty style he used to wear in the early years of the Rolling Stones is rarely seen in any other rock n´ roll star at those days, always in white and sneakers .
I’m kinda naive when it comes to drugs, always have been. Already in elementary school they talked about the dangers of drugs and how even in our small city everyone knew where to score some. I always wondered why no one had asked me, or if I just wasn’t part of “everyone”. I would opt for the latter. Anyways, now I live in the capital, and I still to this day have no idea where I should go if I wanted any illegal drugs. I’ve never bothered to find out, ’cause as I said, I’m crazy enough as it is.
Letts couldn’t do a straight-up horror tale, but with “The Daemons,” he gave viewers the next best thing, and that’s a tale of science masquerading as, or rather being mistaken for, mysticism, and according to “The Daemons,” which Letts wrote with Robert Sloman under the pen name Guy Leopold, it’s been going on for centuries. The central premise of the story is a great one, and “The Daemons” drips atmosphere and sports one memorable moment after another. There
Limestone Branch was founded in 2011 by brothers Steve and Paul Beam, whose ancestral roots run deep in the Bourbon industry. Their great-great grandfather was Joseph Washington Dant, an early Bourbon pioneer, and their great grandfather was Minor Case Beam, the eldest son of Joseph M. Beam in the legendary Beam lineage.
Christians are the salt of the earth and the light of the world. These are transforming attributes which bring wholesomeness and goodness to the world. Believe this, and act on it, and you may be surprised to see what God is able to do through you in bringing the light of Christ to your world.
“This omission will not go unnoticed by LGBT Londoners” Tom King said “They will also remember Johnson comparing same-sex marriage to bestiality and his support for Section 28. Boris’ position on LGBT issues is pure political posturing.”
"third time. Let me hold your dog"
Karen is asked if it’s difficult being a “girl in a workplace dominated by boys”. I make note that I should point out that it’s high time to start referring to ourselves as men and women.
Deadline: April 30, 2012
Use PowerPoint presentations, videos and documentaries to understand better. Enquire and ask your teachers for more guidance. All events in history are chained to each other.example: If it weren’t for the oldest computers (created by Charles Babbage) then we wouldn’t have the present day iPods and MacBooks. So enjoy that mystery of history!
25And, after preaching the word in Perga, they went down to Attalia;
Huge icicles are formed which hang from the ceiling, in sharp contrast with the green summer foliage outside.
Beunka’s co-defendant, Richard Cobb, admitted to the killing in his trial. This information was suppressed at Beunka’s trial. His jury were told that he was the gunman and he was given the death penalty.
me in the front seat, freezing in blue pajamas. Look
ND - That’s the point. Oddly enough you might end up with more money going to creditors through a newco route than through a CVA so actually the differences…
It takes a week to get there, even though this thing travels at approximately 125mph.
44And the Lord gave them peace on every side, as he had said to their fathers: all those who were against them gave way before them, for the Lord gave them all up into their hands.
I walk across the park to we’re the parents have gathered. Four park benches have been pushed together to make one large table within the edge of the park and beneath the shade of some towering oaks.
It is a fillet of lamb on a vegetable tian with a mint and pepper sauce.
I am sure Harold and Mona are together in heaven united in love like the day they first met. I'll look after their simple treasures as I am sure they would want someone to. It's not in the value, it is truly in the meaning and that, like love in your heart and your life, is priceless.
by Christopher Durang
I do not have much time to post, as I am actually using a friend's computer. But I will tell you this-
7. Liza Minnelli “Single Ladies (Put A Ring On It)”
Distilled water
This year we have a Jesse Tree. If you haven't heard of it, you need only to go to Pinterest and type it in to see lots and lots of ideas. Several of my friends have had the Jesse Tree, and I am excited to make this a new family tradition!
Although Avent recommends size 2 teats for 1 month+ onwards, Baby O didn’t start on size 2 til 2 months old. He was quite comfortable with size 1′s flow. Secondly, he is a fast drinker. I read that babies generally needs at least 10 mins of sucking to “feel” full, article here. Switching to a faster teat will mean finishing the milk within 8 mins and he’ll be crying for more even though he has already taken his full intake.
According to published reports, the home ministry has cancelled the licences of the three Tamil Nadu-based NGOs who have been opposing the construction of the nuclear power plant at Koodankulam. All three have been accused of diverting funds they received from foreign countries and using the money to hold protests against the plant. It is after many years that the Government has chosen to punish any NGO that indulged in converting a UPA dream project into a nightmare. For the past few months, an NGO has been able to mobilise massive public opinion against the setting up of the nuclear facility. Surprisingly, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh deviated from his usual style of not naming either an agency or a country for any misdemeanours, and was forthright in his condemnation. Taking a cue from former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi, Manmohan also discovered the role of a sinister and invisible foreign hand behind the sabotage of important developmental projects. In an interview to a US-based science journal, he minced no words when he said: “There are NGOs, often funded from the US and the Scandinavian countries, which are not fully appreciative of the development challenges that our country faces.” By singling out the US and Scandinavian countries, the Prime Minister pointed his finger only at those NGOs who were active in Tamil Nadu. If these NGOs were also suspect, then why was the Government indulging in a dialogue with them and sending senior ministers, civil servants and even a former president of India to try persuade them to withdraw their agitation? It is also possible that a large number of other NGOs, including those opposing the nuclear plant, may have also misused their funds for purposes other than for what they were granted. The belated punitive action against the NGOs Manmohan referred to raises an important question about the neutrality of the administrative system. The government is sending out unequivocal signals that those who don’t give in to its pressures will be punished. What surprises many is the government’s sensitivity to civil movements against nuclear power plants?
It’s rare that I find the need to write a blog post on scam agents because sometimes I live in a bubble, feeling that anyone who has done the work to reach my blog has also done enough research to know what makes a reputable agent. Well, recently I was proven wrong. . . .
Much to the chagrin of my fellow fishermen, I filleted the two mackerel, and immediately set them to cure in a bag of vinegar on ice. Much to my chagrin, the experiment was a total and complete failure. The fish turned sour and mushy, just utterly fell apart. It went immediately to the trash out back, where I’m fairly certain the neighborhood raccoon turned his nose up at it.
You know, don’t you?
Once primitive man had settled in one spot for a longer than usual stretch of time, and he became familiar with the natural features in the area, it probably did not take too long to realize that there was a definite correlation with the sun’s movement in the sky and the shifting of shadows cast by fixed earthly objects such as rocks, hilly outcrops, and trees. Obviously man’s own shadowy mirror image on the ground must have also activated curiosity in the minds of some primitive men. The crude design of sundials (shadow-clocks) using fixed natural structures, were in all probability the very first devices built for purposes of satisfying the curiosity of man and his hunger for knowledge.
Pale Ale (American Pale Ale)
Huge thanks to those of you who joined in "No Designer Paper" challenge last week, I hope you all enjoyed it.
11 Tao - Esoteric Red (5:33)
Everyone thought that someone else would help Kitty Genovese, and the net result was that no one helped.
It’s not glamorous, but it is worthwhile and rewarding. I have a great deal of flexibility, and I get paid a decent amount of money. Best of all, I actually enjoy what I do. Had I chosen a different path, I might have found myself in a career that did not allow me the happiness, the time with my family or the great work environment I now have.
And that’s not all that poses a threat: A mysterious plague is spreading through the crowded streets of the city, striking young and old alike. Now, as panic mounts and the body count rises, hidden secrets emerge. And as Seregil and Alec are about to learn, conspiracies and plagues have one thing in common: The cure can be as deadly as the disease.
The Beer: Though MCBC is still working out specifics on exactly what styles they will offer, they have plans to experiment with a little bit of everything everything. "We will set the bar extremely high," Adams said.
Have you tried any of the Supergoop! products? I recently tried them out for the first time, and really like the brand. I know some people received some Supergoop! products in their Birchboxes this month. In this post I'll share with you their Everyday Face & Body Moisturizer SPF 30.
Many the animals with whom she weds,
Kitchen Twine
My daughter is home from school today just to make sure that we don't pass this wonderful bug to any other unsuspecting humans so I will keep this post short and sweet, I will attempt to post up this weekend at some point, perhaps even both days just to get back into the swing of things.
To make it I used the following products from Crafter’s Companion:-
One problem may be that I’ve had to put this aside for the best part of six weeks whilst I did some remedial work on the novel’s prequel – due out next month. It is easy to forget the details when you’re working with such a multi-layered plot. There’s pressure, anyway. I need to get at least the first draft of this novel finished by September, because then I have to leave the world of futuristic science fiction and plunge into the world of the historical novel. There are, of course, a number of parallels – both include creating another world.
Without thought, my fingers went to my nose and cheek. As if I was expecting something different, I was more than a little surprised to feel skin instead of blood and bone.
The extra money spent is probably equal to or less than what the overall deterioration of my health would cost. Never mind not being able to be myself and be there for my family.
from Noon to 4 p.m.
However, Leia is constantly shedding her hair, and I think that’s because she’s half short hair and half long hair! Honestly she doesn’t fit into either category.
persons is poor: as opposed
I think the most famous Peruvian food is roasted chicken. I like their roasted chicken but I also like what they call "Jalea" which is fried seafood with tangy salsa on top.
And Simon and Garfunkel.
I'm not certain if I will launch seriously into this book, but these two moments only a little apart are amusing.
But now it's your turn to show us what you can do with this week's challenge. You have until 11:59 AM Friday, March 23rd to enter your project into the link below.
EPISODE 157
Soft, warm snuggles turn cold,
I have a wee touch of asthma, no biggie, not the kind that'll kill you, just the kind that comes around when you're really sick or try excercising when it's cold outside or your allergies get super ugly. It only bothers me a few times a year and I don't even bother to have an emergency inhaler around because it'll go away in a few days and blah blah whatever, not a boo-hoo subject.
Yes, today the dear wife is 29 years old and surprisingly, her Mom is only 37! I tried to do the math once, but it hurt my pretty little head….
Mr James, 54, is one of two British men who have had their vision partly restored by a pioneering retina implant.
The FA’s choice was also welcomed by the Daily Telegraph‘sPaul Hayward,who sees the appointment as a long-term decision that will eventually reap benefits for the future of English football: “The FA is thinking further ahead than Donetsk and Kiev, to a time when Engla nd teams of all ages flow together as they do in France or Spain.” And while Hayward admits that in the short term, “Redknapp might have been a better bet to inspire the players with his intimate, charismatic style”, he also argues that Hodgson deserves a chance. Read More
07 May 12 – West Ham v Cardiff @ The Boleyn Ground
utter love
Anyway, enough rant. Maybe I'll drop my GQ disappointment post soon. Who knows.
During the month of April the DOW, and probably the NAZ, confirmed downtrends but the SPX and NDX did not. This is a somewhat rare, and unusual event, but has occurred before. Typically, all four major indices move trend for trend, in unison, with some lag time. Since 2006 there has been hardly any deviation. During the 2003-2005 period, however, the DOW deviated from the other major indices on five occassions.
1. Wash and partially peel the cucumber (stripes) so you have some flashes of green but not the full skin. Chop into large uneven chunks to create texture in the salad.
Before we look at arterolane, let’s take a quick look at malaria and anti-malarial drugs. According to a World Health Organization (WHO) report, every year 250 million new cases of malaria are reported and it causes 800,000 deaths. It is the biggest killer among the diseases that affect children less than 5-years of age. Anti-malarial drugs have existed for over 300 years, but it is only in the last century that there has been a rise in drug-resistance among the parasites responsible for the disease. This spurred research into developing new drugs and therapies.
Like she told Fox 19's Katie Morgan, "I know for a lot of people, their world just empties out. But for me, I was always: Well, what can I do about it?"
ISBN-13 Book: 9780373210510
Songstress Michelle Branch wrote: ‘Trying not to go off on a rant but…Chris Brown…*bites tongue* have we forgiven him? #Grammys’
Meshes of the Afternoon
for he will not withhold me from thee
I wrestle the creature out of the laundry room by its long nose, wary of its hard shell and nasty round feet. It rolls stubbornly onto its back, telling me with its non verbal language, "Bite Me, Bitch! You are so gonna have to drag me with you, because I am NOT going willingly."
Is there an author who you would love to meet?
This little crawly guy got me thinking about my Creepy Crawling Fun insect unit. I started collecting items from tons of different places to add to my centers. Check out some of the BUGGY things I have found.
At least he knew it was a special day even if he didn't remember what for.
