The excuse this time. A fully fueled plane (well, at least we have fuel) can’t fly efficiently with the headwinds, so they’re going to take some fuel off the plane, and we’re going to have to stop an refuel some where in the midwest to complete the trip to LA, but it shouldn’t add more than an hour to our landing time. (VERY WISHFUL THINKING). In the time it takes to take fuel off the aircraft we miss our take off window and we sit on the tarmac for a couple of hours waiting out a sudden storm. Needless to say there are some passenger incidents and the air marshalls have to remove someone from the plane.
The flesh of trees captivates my imagination. All my life the original farm-house has stood at the north end of the garden. A half century later, I uncover details I never noticed before. The last discovery was the shadow of paint on the window casements. It changes the imagined memory of the building’s appearance, a house with lovely blue windows.
4. Deadline for entries is December 2, midnight CST, so we can announce our winner approximately around December 7.
Anastasia Forever - Joy Preble (signed!)
Egypt’s new Islamist-dominated parliament is preparing to introduce a controversial law that would allow husbands to have sex with their deceased wives up to six hours after death. Known as the “farewell Intercourse” law, the measure is being championed as part of a raft of reforms introduced by the parliament that will also see the minimum age of marriage lowered to 14 for girls. After an inevitable "WHAT!!!???" response, which of the following options do you think was the reaction of many (thankfully, not all) of the media?:
Okay, so maybe singing is only a prerequisite in the Disney version of fairy tales, but it's one of my favorite parts. (Luckily my husband likes my singing voice, or his only other option would be to pray for hearing loss.)
Now, this post isn't going to include swatches or reviews. It's simply a show and tell of what I packed for this Thanksgiving trip. I keep mentioning my Thanksgiving travel bag because this bag differs from what I would pack for say, Spring Break. Not that I have a spring break anymore :( What I mean is that for each travel occasion comes different products packed into my bag.
“University!” he exclaimed, when Dave had asked him for financial support. “Bunch of bloody idlers! Lecturers work a ten-hour week, shag their students and get paid to ponce off to summer conferences in Miami! Waste their time writing arty-farty stuff that never did owt for no one! I’ll not waste money on such foolishness. Get a job lad!”
Then there was the issue of the logo. I spent a lot of time and effort designing a logo on my own.
-it’ll be the strength of Kingman versus the guile and experience of Worth.
Gerry Barker is no longer associated with the Guelph Mercury. His column Between the Lines has been running regularly in the paper for five years.
They were better able to tune in to the important information – the speaker’s voice – and block out other distracting noises – the background chatter.”
Thanks for visiting, and if you haven't noticed, we are glad you are here! Welcome.
The greeting from Teeny Tiny Wishes was stamped in Old Olive ink onto a scrap of Very Vanilla cardstock. The greeting was punched out with the 1 3/8” x 5/8” Oval Punch. The 1 ¾” x 7/8” Oval Punch was used on a scrap of Early Espresso cardstock. The greeting oval was adhered to the Vanilla oval. Then the Crop-A-Dile was used to punch the smallest hole in the stacked ovals. Yes this is a bit of a large hole, but it will work, trust me. Tie some Early Espresso Baker’s Twine into a bow. Spread apart the prongs on a brad and insert the knot of the bow between the prongs. Close the prongs of the brad just enough to get the prongs through the hole in the oval layers. Once the brad is inserted completely into the hole open up the prongs on the brad like you normally would. The brad holds the bow in place and the larger hole allows for the knot in the brad to go through the cardstock instead of holding the brad up off the cardstock. Adhere the oval label to one of the candy wrapper sides with Stampin’ Dimensionals.
First posted May 27, 2008 as “Calvin on Women”
Whitney played a pop diva who hires Kevin Costner as her guard after threats from a stalker in her first film The Bodyguard (1992). Written by The Big Chill's Lawrence Kasdan with Steve McQueen and Diana Ross in mind, the film was notable for her mega-hit song "I Will Always Love You."
are all Marines who gave their lives for you. There is no media for them; not even a mention of their names. Young Men who most likely came from rural America seeking a chance to better themselves and to serve this county.
This absurdity renders hollow Obama's declaration that "we will not rest until we find all who were involved." Once we've given Abdulmutallab the right to remain silent, we have gratuitously forfeited our right to find out from him precisely who else was involved, namely those who trained, instructed, armed and sent him.
Last year, inspired by the lovely Fire Byrd, I did a post called 'Six Senses'. I really enjoyed writing it and, from the comments I got, you lot really enjoyed reading it. The idea is that you stop for five minutes and really pay attention to your surroundings...what you can see, touch, smell etc. So once a week I'm going to take five minutes to myself. I'm going to concentrate on that exact moment in time and I'm going to try and capture it. It solves the 'what the hell shall I blog about?' thing that has been bothering me, it will force me to stop and pay attention to my surroundings (which is always a good thing) and I think it will help me appreciate where I am right now rather than always thinking of the next thing I need to do (and hopefully it will make interesting reading). So I'm going to start right now
Rudy Wiebe
His plan for the economy is to "inspire" Pakistanis to pay tax – currently only 2% do so. "We just need to have some austerity and collect taxes. If we do that, we can balance our budgets," he said.
piano
In a small, tall pot, add the peanut oil over medium-high heat. Slice the green tomato thinly, about 1/8" thick.
After we completed the "Triple Crown Christmas" it was time to go back to work. After work Chris and I spent our nights doing laundry, cleaning house and cooking. My in-laws and our best friends Wes and Autumn were coming over Friday for dinner so the house had to be spotless. Here are a couple of pictures of my house all decorated for the season.
Date: April 28th
in our careers or marriages or ministry, that
Burley Public Library Board
My girls had more of nervous or curious expressions on their faces, but they also enjoyed the ride. My family will probably flip when they see these photos. They don’t really worry about me, but they do worry about my girls. Anyways, I would rate the ride 3 stars, pretty comfortable and interesting! If you ever come to Jakarta, you’ve got to try it just so that you can say you rode a Bajaj. No?
I wanted to go with something a little less destructible, and found this canister a perfect fit. (Note: make sure whatever vessel you choose fits your headbands, you don't want them sliding off a too small can or being stretched out by a too large can.) Leave it to Target to have the Goldilocks of canisters.
What would you say behind the Open Mic?
Well Paisley is officially half of one year old. It is a sad day in our house because we all love having this baby and we don't want her to grow one more ounce...ever! Paisley has made me decide that 6 months is my ALL time very favorite age. All Paisley does is sit there smiling like crazy and looking so sweet and cute. She doesn't talk yet. She isn't mobile yet. She is just content with laying there watching the rest of this crazy family run circles around her! I would love it if she were 6 months old for the rest of our lives!
Billed from the Edge of Sanity, Delirious started out in the wrestling right her in the Midwest with his first match against the ultra talented Billy McNeil.
And who knows maybe on some special night, if my song is right
so many others are like "huh?"... I just LOVE that.
Your Team Member: “When you say the word “SAFE” can you tell me more?”
But they looked at us as the boat slowed down, cruised past. Their looks flung back were a mixture of reluctant toleration and seething disdain, as we had been receiving for our whole time in Si Phan Don - not just "Get the fuck out of my bathroom," but, "Get the fuck off my fucken' island!"
Paul E. Jeffers, 39, New York, N.Y.
As gratifying as it may seem to come out the other side with this seemingly brilliant decision after racking our brains, I think we do it because making an easy decision somehow doesn’t feel right.
no crime left for us sublime..
Beautiful Feeling
Paper: Cosmo Cricket Everafter
Shortly after adopting Abbey, we realized she was terrified of children. I'm not talking the usual Border Collie nervousness around rowdy kids, I'm talking poop out of fear, attempt to strangle self in collar in order to get away from anything that looked, sounded, or smelled like a child. Even an empty playground would freak her out to the point of choking herself on her collar, trying to get as far away as possible. With me being pregnant, this kind of freaked us out, so we did some research and started getting Abbey ready for Emmaline's arrival.
That: earthly possessions, position or power, comfort, family and culture, family ties, closeness with family.
WHY?????
“My home has been a nightmare,” DeBow added through tears, recounting how three of Ryan’s friends in the military have killed themselves since their return. “You hear my story, but it’s happening everywhere.”
We've mailed the deposit for Art School. Youngest and I are daydreaming about a college wardrobe for him.
- If you need to go the hospital with your baby, use baby socks on their hands to prevent them from pulling at IVs and ports.
The easy way:
8. Lonnie Irving - Pinball Machine
I've set an alarm to go off in an hour and a half, when the first load of laundry is done. I will change out loads, do the dishes, soak any remaining dishes, and then take a short rest after that. Then, after another load is through, I will cycle the laundry and with one load dried I will take that into my room and finish the old and new clean clothes sorting, folding, hanging, and storing. I will probably then just do the remaining dishes right after the clothing is done. Another break after that. Somewhere in there I will get the trash bins in. Whether I get all that done today or not I don't know. I might even be able to do more. Who can tell? But, that, as things sit, is the plan. Yeah, I needed a break.
13. La Perche 1
You may remember the words of that atheistic poem, Invictus. “I am the captain of my soul; I am the master of my fate.” The writer of the poem, and anyone who shares that philosophy has missed the point of truth completely. First of all there is no one who is a servant of self. The Lord said in John 8:44, “Ye are of your father, the devil, and the lusts of your father ye will do.”
1/2 batch lemon curd (recipe follows)
“I will go my love, just know I leave my heart with you.”
- In Munster, in 1670, the courts banished a plague of fleas from the city, prohibiting them from returning for ten years.
I actually had time for a full lunch today before heading off to clear down the weigh up area - again.
The first approach leads to big, frowning books by the likes of Tom Devine and Michael Fry. The latter results in small, cheerful books such as Scotland: 1,000 Things You Need to Know, Edwin Moore’s valiant attempt to navigate the more trivial contours of enlightenment and clearances, crown and parliament, dirt and deity.
The reverse can apply, after many centuries, the rabbit, descendants of the European wild rabbit introduced to Britain by the Romans, but not recorded in the wild until the 12th Century, is now widely viewed as a native animal, but it remains a serious pest, although not to the extent it became when introduced to the truly alien environment of Australia.
I had a very strange encounter yesterday. In the course of business I met a relative of the man who murdered Mussolini. He took great pleasure in describing how his relative had been a Partisan working for the British State. He had been part of a gang of terrorists who captured Mussolini as he tried to leave Italy, and had personally murdered him in a manner comparable with the recent brutal slaying of Moammar Qadaffi of Libya.
Woods pushed his tee shot right into the bunker on the 16th and hurled his club to the floor before kicking it away in a flash of anger and frustration.
The flavonoids in the cocoa act as antioxidants which protects the body from aging due to the daily expose to free radicals, which can cause heart disease.
I recently read an article on Performance Contracting in Water Efficiency Magazine and realized that many operators in Kentucky may not be aware of this tool for accessing capital ($) to make essential infrastructure improvements. Today, we all are struggling to find ways to pay for improvements in tough economic times. Performance contracts guarantee future monetary savings that can be leveraged today to make much-needed infrastructure improvements or expansion.
Blake is a very intriguing character. What part of Blake’s past did you enjoy writing the most?
In the first century world, who you chose to share meals with was a direct indicator of your social standing and even your spiritual devotion. And Jesus regularly sat down at the table with prostitutes, tax-collectors (who at the time were just government-sanctioned extortionists) and the lowest of the low. And what goes even farther than that is that they liked him. He didn’t relate to them in some condescending, self-righteous way that showed that he was so awesome that he would even share a meal with wretched human beings like them. He generally valued them…their company…their presence. And by doing so he flipped the entire social order upside down.
Don’t cross your arms. Even if you only know one or two ways to read body language, you probably know this one — crossing your arms is a sign of defensiveness and passive aggressiveness. That’s not the impression you want to convey, so put your hands on the table where they can’t cause you any trouble.
Love with your whole being.
Then, because you live under the roof of the hostel owners, you have to live under those ground rules mentioned above. You don't actually have anything to do during the day so you just walk around town all day begging. However, if you overstep some 'marker' or are found to be guilty of some form of 'anti-social behaviour' then you know that you will be evicted with no notice whatsoever. Therefore, you have to be obedient and on good behaviour towards your superiors - the staff of the hostel. Unwittingly, you have fulfilled the third aspect of the religious life - Obedience.
Occasionally, there will be Writing - though I fear this category may be moans & groans about various WIPS (works in progress) rather than news of megabuck contracts or swoops by film companies (I'm waiting, I'm waiting, okay?)But one lives by small hopes, so no need to get out the tissues on my behalf.
Heaven’s intent for humanity is leading you all forwards towards this supremely auspicious event that will bring with it joy, happiness, peace, and prosperous abundance for all; and that event is, of course, your awakening into your natural and fully-conscious state. That moment is fast approaching and will not be delayed, even though it appears that many are still not ready to release the unloving and judgmental attitudes that, by their very adoption and maintenance, preclude them from accepting the unconditional divine Love that is constantly offered to them.
For some reason, I have been really lucky lately. A couple weeks ago, I went to Pechanga and won $800. A few days later, I wiped everybody out in a game of poker at my friend’s cigar shop, netting $520. Over Easter, I went up to Vegas to see my family up there and won $4,500 total. Then a couple nights ago, I made a last minute trip to Pechanga with a friend and won $1,200. Yep, I am sitting high and mighty right now.
Pyrus 2 pads and 6 glazed brads
Note that this package shall not be available when the hotel is full. Your reservations would be appreciated.
Image is stamped and heat-embossed with glittered black powder, water color painted and cut for a 3-D effect. Nestabilities frame image with bazzill card stock and background pieced with designer papers and hand sewn beads finish off corners.
I also really love Jeanine Bee's very short essay "Hearts of the Fathers" which is beautiful in a very different way. Like, in a way that makes you smile and cringe and laugh out loud (and which makes me think about my relationship with my own father, which makes me smile and cringe and laugh out loud all over again).
12.45pm
Cake
as a result, my account was locked wile they do some investigating, so if you were
I had a few left over cake balls, so I decided to make a few sitting turkeys.
No problem walking in them: The singer was pictured returning to her trailer from the stage in her flats, and later leaving the studio in a mini dress and heels
One of our supporters in the East Midlands sent us the following suggestion by email; it's worth trying, to promote British jobs for British people.
Red Bull started the Abu Dhabi Young Drivers test with a mass of aero testing equipment fitted to the RB7. Although the test is supposed to be to assess young drivers, this is the first open test since the season started and teams make use of this time to gather data from the car. In Red Bulls case this was a repeat of tests from last year, where the front wing ride height and wake is being measured by a range of sensors.
TTFN
By Jahanzaib Haque
The Wiggins Tribe
Those special places in our lives have the power to give us rest when beaten down. They have the energy to reinvigorate us, to help us rise up and conquer those obstacles we may have in front of us.
I officially throw in the kitchen towel. I’m going to become a domestic.
"Instead of posting something intimate about our writing, post a picture or piece of music that describes your WIP. What do you look to when you write? What inspires you? How else do you use your creativity? Music? Pictures? Art?"
You mustn't hold it against me, this excessively romantic cast of mind. I couldn't rid myself of it, even if I wanted to. I know, you're all so pragmatic and down-to-earth, so sensible and clear-visioned, you've got your feet so firmly fixed on the ground that the following story may mean nothing to you. In fact, if I were you I should stop reading right now and do something sensible, like make a Yorkshire pudding, clean out the hamsters, pay the electricity bill and get your calceolarias in. Right? You've been warned...
What about them? They are simply ignored by the international justice system?
LaBeouf, Tom Hardy, Guy Pearce, Gary Oldman and formerly known as THE WETTEST COUNTY IN THE WORLD, the story of the film is set in the Depression-era Franklin County, Virginia, and follows a bootlegging
Students are fined for trashing if caught. Fines this year that I heard of were £50, £80 and £100. How much do your friends love you if they will risk that? There were six of us trashing the chemistry student - a potential £600 in fines if we were caught. And the trashee can be fined, too! One friend was fined £50 last week for pushing a pie into a friend's face. There was not even any littering, the pie stuck to him. Why? Because, the excuse goes, using food like this is an insult to homeless people. WTF? Did the fine go to feeding homeless people? No. Would homeless people even want half the gone-off stuff used in trashing? No. How about this, proctors? If you catch someone using food for trashing, tot up the value of the food and fine the group that amount and spend it all on food for homeless people. Or sell trashing licences in advance, with the money going for food in a homeless shelter. Instead of fun-sucking, help others benefit from the fun. Oh - and those bottles of champagne you confiscated - where did they go?? Not on fun, I hope.
“Yes. Some patients, as I said.”
● an alteration project involving work which will temporarily or permanently affect the ongoing compliance of the building, service or fitting with the requirements relating to structure, fire, or access to and use of buildings;
Concluding Statement Deliverer: Anashya Srinivasan
I try to avoid taking cakes, because mine have a tendency to cling to the pan with great tenacity. When I get brave and lucky enough to end up with a whole cake, I don’t have one of those cute tole-painted cake carriers with hinged clasps to secure the top to the base. Instead, I have a monstrous Tupperware antique that no longer snaps and burps and whose handles have long since gone the way of all small plastic items that you knew were in that drawer just last week. On the other hand, if I decide to take a pre-sliced cake or cookies, my serving trays are never the right size or shape, and my careful arrangements always look haphazard by the time I arrive at my destination.
Well if you've my earlier post, you'll be glad to know I did get back to sleep for a bit........until the plinky-plonky music and the four-legged alarm clocks had other ideas, lol.
Brooklyn Flea showed a spirit of community that is welcomed from an event sponsor. We are extremely grateful to them for their assistance in making our participation at the Flea way easier than we could have imagined.
2. Frost
Challenge #14, I Walk the Line
So I spent the first part of 2010 painting and bookbinding. The energy for all these pursuits waned quickly. Bookbinding sounds like fun, but there is a lot of paperwork. Folding. Piercing. Sewing. Ugh. And at the end of it, I'd create a journal that took more time and cost than my favorite journal, the Twin Ring Notebook, which promises on its cover:
2. Awareness – Businesses can build an online identity, which hopefully generates more involvement from ordinary individuals. Social media can also be a primary avenue for news on events, contests and information that correlates the organizational mentality and overall mantra. This will allow companies to control the message and the fashion in which they convey themselves. Ideally companies want to present themselves in a professional manner, plus social media can help document the tech savvy nature of an organization, by showcasing their ability to utilize online avenues of expression.
I have suffered from various types of Psoriasis since I was 18, first on my elbows and knees. I tried every ointment the doctors were willing to prescribe. It was red, itched and flaked and was annoying more than anything.
Besawa ne patlo
by Charles Hanson Towne
* In case you were wondering, the family group here are Asparagaceae.
Home Front Experience-Recreated WW11 streets, shop fronts and rooms. Something new each time you visit.
SUN. 9/28 - "OPERA TO BROADWAY" VOCAL PERFORMANCES @ CAFE 322 IN SIERRA MADRE, 7pm. 322 W. Sierra Madre Blvd. 626-836-5414. Full bar and great Italian food. Every Sunday evening. Get there early - they pack 'em in!
Then I had the guy who, when he originally placed his order with me, ordered four drinks. I confirmed his drink order, repeating it back to him (just like I do with all of my customers) before leaving him to make the drinks. When I came back with the four drinks, he then decided he only wanted two of them, even though he had ordered four. What a waste of time. Now I had to scold him for ordering drinks and changing his mind about them after they were made and then explain to him why he still had to pay for all four drinks.
(b) often has difficulty sustaining attention in tasks or play activities because of thoughts of those on blogroll (including but not limited to: I bet Jurgen would just love this lip gloss; If I won the lottery, I really would buy Poppy a fountain soda dispenser, I wonder if Neil proposed to Brooke today)
Daniel grimaced a bit at that. “Please do, he's not as indestructible as you. Don't forget that.” Once again, things Geoff hadn't considered. Trent was quick to reassure him though. He placed an arm around him.
After lunch, we walked around the galleries and gourmet shops of downtown Carmel. I hadn't realized just how many lovely estate jewelry stores there were in town, very tempting! Still raining hard, we briefly drove to Carmel Valley and ran across an amazing dollhouse museum, before returning to Carmel for a pint and dessert at The Forge in the Forest where Kay's friend was working. Loved the copper walls of this little spot.
17. The Storehouse of Past Events - People's Favorite Magazine Feb 10
A new study published in the journal Clinical Epigenetic sreveals that both the Standard American Diet (SAD) and various toxic environmental factors play a definitive and synergistic role in the development of autism. According to the study, high-fructose corn syrup (HFCS), mercury in vaccines, and agricultural pesticides are among the many cofactors that contribute to the onset of autism spectrum disorders, all of which deserve more attention from health authorities than they are currently getting.
I have no idea what the proper names are for all of these guys.
Using a first person narrative from Kathy, now a carer at 31 looking back at her past experiences, Ishiguro presents his story with detailed internal depictions and nuanced dialogues. Kathy’s voice is innocent and gracious, and all the more moving when it comes to the end when the story is fully unfurled. The three friends have since parted after the Cottages, but now after years have gone by, they meet again as carer and donors. On the canvas of imminent destiny, against the overwhelming tone of grey, we see three brisk strokes of colours, three lives, however temporal, serving their purpose, and above all, having tasted what it means to be human.
Dr.A.K.Agrawal
Anwaar and Fareda: Yes, mother.
Then a Scripture came to mind for my husband, 1 Peter 3:7, but even as we looked at it, the Lord used 1 Peter 3:1 to reproof, correct, and instruct me. The battle within was fierce: My desire was to hold on to what I wanted at the expense of what the Lord was telling my husband to do. But the truth of 1 Peter 3:1 and the fact that I was sinning against my Lord by disrespecting and dishonoring my husband ultimately won.
Without it, the harp wouldn't be able to withstand being hauled around during Minnesota winters. Or summers. Or even our capricious springs and falls, for that matter.
(Angus Buchan is a popular full time evangelist, who initiated the convention known as Mighty Men. His latest meeting, attended by thousands of South African men, was held on a farm near Polokwane in the Limpopo province.)
Funny thing, the “google search” that lands the most people on my blog is in regards to high heels and smooth legs. Guess I didn’t see that one coming.
SCOTTISH HOGMANAY (NEW YEAR'S) CARD
“May The Odds Be Ever In Your Favor”
NM: See above! I’d add that the temptation is for unpublished writers to self-publish just because they can. And before they are ready. However, in self-publishing as in publishing, mediocre or even dud writing can also sell well (and great writing can sell badly) though I hate the thought of that. Therefore I think the pitfalls are in some ways the same for publishing: underestimating the problems and fortunes of what makes a commercial success. If you believe your writing sings and you are as convinced as possible that it’s as good as it can be, do it. But if you feel you are still practising, my recommendation is to carry on practising for longer. You will get better and I’d hate for you to publish too early and then wince when you read it two years later. And don’t let the few(ish) major success stories in self-publishing give you a false impression of how easy it is. It is not easy. That’s why it’s satisfying.
The shame of my closet(s). Yes - I have three and they were a mess. But as the weather warmed up, I knew I had to transition my spring / summer clothes downstairs and my fall/winter wardrobe back upstairs to the "spare" closets. I spent almost a full Saturday getting them purged and ready for next winter. While I did have to say goodbye to a few pieces, the world is probably better off if I never wear my wool walking shorts again. While they were VERY stylish circa 1991 (with tights and cute Sam & Libbys) - that era is no more. It recalls big mall hair that was body waved and (unfortunately) MC Hammer and Debbie Gibson on the radio. Let's all have a moment of silence for fashion trends of days gone by......
For all it takes to win is that you practice what you preach.
Arguments about religion have a place, but that place is in private discussions on the subject. Religion is a choice, a belief and just as much as being a Christian does not make you a better person, so too does not being a Christian not make you bad or evil. We are with our backs to a wall and we cannot at this stage afford such arguments.
Comedian Jody Kamali commented that the Fringe Office “said I couldn’t use three dollar signs in a row ‘$$$’ in my Fringe entry, as it didn’t fit their ‘house style’.”
Willer’s co-author Laura Saslow, now a postdoctoral scholar at the University of California, San Francisco, became interested in the question of what motivates charity after a non-religious friend lamented that he donated money to earthquake recovery in Haiti only after seeing a heart-touching video of a woman being pulled from rubble, not because of a logical understanding that help was needed.
The year started with Brad stating he thought he needed to move so he could farm. I disagreed. When a husband and wife are in such great agreement you can only imagine the tension. All sarcasm aside, it was stressful and obviously exhausting.
The Professor: Since my non-break up with him (I say non because truthfully he was never mine), I have done well at ensuring all business related conversations stay business related. I have had to steer him back a couple of times, letting him know that I am done with us in every capacity. Working with him sucks though. The irony is that I am expending so much emotional energy just trying to be un-emotional.
Don’t ask, don’t tell, we give you your space and God forgives but we don’t teach that it’s not a sin.
When I first came to the United States and tried the healthy and wonderful oatmeal, I was quite disappointed to find it sickly sweet, mushy and very bland. Needless to say I was trying the grocery store variety which is laden with sugar to make it more appealing. I didn't touch oatmeal for years, until recently when I learnt about steel cut oats and 'regular' oats versus the instant variety. I was shocked, what? oatmeal that isn't ridiculously sugary? Can it be? ... ever since then, I have been buying 'regular' oatmeal and loving it :)
Driving down Cedar Avenue, every block was another group of college students walking to or from the beach. The University is only a mile from the ocean, so students without cars can easily have a day at the beach and get a little exercise at the same time.
The photos from Haiti show hundreds if not thousands of structures including the Parliament Building were gravely damaged. Here in Brooklyn, where many of the over 200,000 Haitians living abroad call home, there is an understandable thirst for the lastest information on the devastation. I imagine there's an increasingly pent up desire to be active and helpful in the aftermath. And that's what came to my mind after glimpsing the destruction in Haiti.
V. Vegetables you dislike: Beets are so gross.
If you know the will of God and are living and working in that will it will be of great comfort to you that you have a freedom from guilt and apprehension. It should be of great joy to you to know that your daily walk is well pleasing unto the Lord.
I've had to put off the Christmas baking, I blame the 3 dozen cookies I baked last week for the weight gain, I forgot that Christmas baking was for guests and somehome consumed almost all those cookies myself. Not at once thank God, but over the last week and a half. I'm way too good at baking, and I'm not bragging I'm just saying that I only bake what I love, so...I wouldn't love it if it wasn't yummy. :) It may surprise some of you but I'm a picky eater. I don't beleive in wasting calories on something I think is okay, I only eat what I really like when it comes to fattening treats.
Then they decided to indulge in a lovely relaxing camomile bath. Roswell got so soggy he had to have 10 minutes cage time to dry off!
The Lord again dipped into the river. He held out a golden thimble studded with rubies.
Entering the Broken Blade, Maleta let her eyes adjust and scanned the flickering shadows for Black Wolf breastplates. No sign of her contact yet. The heat from the fireplace and smoking torches felt like a furnace after the breath-stealing cold night outside. Wood smoke, pipe smoke and the scent of burning tallow tickled her nose and stung her eyes. Wearied to the bone, she rolled her bandaged shoulder, testing the repair to her quilted jerkin.
There was no chance of the referee not taking charge tonight. From my experience, this referee didn't tolerate any dissent whatsoever. I'm always amazed when players chose to ignore this. BTC went down to ten men mid-way through the second-half, when one of their centre-halves talked himself into a red card. As he continued to argue over a penalty decision, I heard him say: “Well fucking send me off then.” The referee obliged, but the centre-half wasn't finished yet. "Know what, Gra? You used to be a good ref."
"Arlington Garden Path"
Not very pleasant to think about, right? Sorry but the reality is that there are some credit unions that are in danger of slipping off the radar. In the vast majority of cases, I firmly believe that steps can be taken to reverse course; however, in order to do that, credit unions must accept that they are in danger, resolve to take action to “right the ship” and then ACT before it’s too late. Here are 4 “red-flags,” that signal your credit union may be in trouble:
The T 20 “Komsomolets” tractor was designed to tow light artillery pieces such as this 45mm anti-tank gun and the 120mm heavy mortar. It could tow the weapons themselves plus a small quantity of ammunition (in a limber that is unfortunately not supplied with the Bolt Action model) and up to six crewmen. The fully armored forward compartment provided space for the driver and vehicle commander and had a ball-mounted DT machinegun. The rear compartment held the gun crews, seated back-to-back in outward-facing bench seats.
10. Burt Rutan
Simon Laughlin, professor of neurobiology, said: ‘We have demonstrated that brains must consume energy to function and that these requirements are sufficiently demanding to limit our performance and determine design.
Go Won Hee, who is receiving a lot of love for the CF, was born in 1994 and debuted in 2011 in a commercial for Wooridul Chair. Despite her young age, she has already been in 15 CFs, including advertisements for big names like NH Nonghyup, SK Telecom, the Korean Tourism Organization, Naver, Hershey Kisses, Atopalm, Hanhwa PR, and Penzal-Q.
We booked our room on July 10th. Barbara's friend and coworker, Amber, called in and got it all set up for us since she is a cast member and could get us a discount. We got a great 40% off on our room at Caribbean Beach Resort. We picked our travel dates based on availability of a discount for the Disney Dining Plan. We were told that our booking window for the dining plan hadn't opened yet and to call back on August 13th and we'd either be getting 40% or 50% off of the Disney Dining Plan! Woo! Great! We made note to call back then and we went on with picking our Advanced Dining Reservations. All four of us also booked our flights for our chosen dates and we thought we were all set!
Thing is, not thinking is a decision, too. Not thinking or believing has consequences. It’s as much a decision as believing.
The only green I am going is either the stuff that I get when I cash my check, or the stuff in my Red Solo Cup on st. Paddy’s Day!
And for a while she was able to pretend that these memories were just that – nightmares produced by bedtime stories told by an evil fairy. So she would briefly remember what it felt like to not being able to breathe, how bleeding to death feels like, how feeling so broken that not even hours of being raped until there really is nothing left, and quality time spent with him was like. But then, aided by the ability to put things aside; the ability to pretend that the girl from the dreams wasn’t her, she crawled back onto her feet and stumbled on.
…The LORD strong and mighty, the LORD mighty in battle.
Mr. Potter patted his son's shoulder. "This has been a very important evening for me," he said. "I've understood things about you, William, that I didn't quite understand before."
As the first post Apartheid president of South Africa it would, be unfair if not ludicrous to judge Mandela entirely on the basis of events before he came to power, and in any event there is many a respected world leader or influential statesman with a blood stained past so in the next part I shall examine Nelson Mandela's achievements, and the events which have occurred in South Africa in the 14 short years since he took power in following the post Apartheid election in 1994.
No, what failed was the long, relentless and utterly mendacious campaign to convince people that global warming was an actual event and a genuine threat to the Earth. It never was because it was utter fiction. Well, the part about massive increases in the Earth’s overall temperature was. The Earth is 4.5 billion years old and has gone through a succession of ice ages and warming periods since it began.
Nov 4 Mashantucket, CT — MGM Grand Theater at Foxwoods Resort Casino
This Jew, living among the Gentiles in Cyprus sought to turn Sergius Paulus from the faith just as the Jews were doing all over the then known world. Turning to verse 11 we see what happened to him. Paul addresses him.
The Geneva Act will enter into force, in respect of the Republic of Tunisia, on 13 June 2012.
When we begin to go down the path of friendship parenting it leads us to live out the "good myth." When we live in a state where we are just trying to make our kids happy, we no longer have the ability to influence their lives. I was talking with a parent the other day and as we were talking she said she wasn't happy with things her child was purchasing on their phone. I was shocked by that because I'm pretty sure this 12 or 13-year-old doesn't have a credit card to be able to make mobile purchases. My thought was "why are you giving her the ability to do that?" But I knew the answer. She, like many parents wants her child to like her.
“Our goal is an enduring partnership with Afghanistan that strengthens Afghan sovereignty, stability and prosperity and that contributes to our shared goal of defeating al-Qaida and its extremist affiliates,” said U.S. Embassy spokesman Gavin Sundwall. “We believe this agreement supports that goal.”
Clean the liver, delicately separating the lobes and remove the connective tissue from the larger veins without ruining the meat.
“This is my best side, by the way.”
As a side note, we've just been given some more really exiting Leeds beer news from Rick Furzer about OpenIt coming at the end of Feb, check out this link to see what we'll be up too.
The squat pen rests.
Belle and Liberty, because of you two I have had the most amazing 5 months of my life as far as nature is concerned. I so look forward to seeing you both in the late winter early spring. There are several pairs of eagles out there on web cams now I have learned...BUT no other pair has successfully raised 3 eaglets to my knowledge. Please come back. We will be right here to cheer you on in the Fall.
Even before he finished the sentence, I was already nodding eagerly and casting my eye around the room, like a fisherman preparing his line for a catch. Four pieces were borne away (I was terrified about anything happening to them – especially as some of the loaned items were from his personal collection, rather than stock for the shop), and have now been returned once more. The photos above are the first set of ‘styled’ looks, based around a rather delectable forties lace dress, that I had considered buying. Instead, I settled for borrowing it and dressing it in three ways – the first, a classic interpretation, complete with my late paternal granddad’s straw panama and my paternal grandma’s belt (she wore it to the Czech equivalent of Girl Guides), finished off with my beloved high heeled Carvela brogues.
Douglas Blackmon does a great job with this. He acknowledges his privileges and gaps in his knowledge, and the book is better for it. It’s unfortunate, but due to racism this book is going to have more credibility. He won’t be perceived as having an axe to grind, and he uses that to totally sling axes right into the face of post reconstruction white society (including the highly racist north that pretends they had no part in all the bad business of Slavery and Convict Leasing and Peonage). I’m enamored with this book.
Going through high school I hated so many of the books we were required to read as important works of fiction. The only Steinbeck I could actually finish was Of Mice and Men. Wuthering Heights was depressing and boring, and for goodness sake DROWN every copy of The Old Man and the Sea.
To the fetus, the heartbeat was time, a lullaby, the low and high tides. A nuclear furnace, the lungs of the stars.
Reese's Peanut Butter Cups fantastic. Ice Cream is fantastic. Reese's Peanut Butter Cups + Ice Cream = Super Fantastic. Quote of the evening: "Where's mine?!...oooooooooh!"
The death which Christ died upon the cross was a very painful end, although no fault was found in him. Jesus endured great trauma. He was beaten with rods; He was scourged and whipped; He had a crown of sharp thorns shoved into His scalp. All this was before He was nailed to the cross of Calvary.
Dial Bars $2.99 BOGO, Get $2 +UPR wyb 2 (LIMIT 1)
Sunday morning will see Najib open the SUPP convention before heading for Samarahan to attend another programme.
We are pack animals – tribal, by nature – and as such, our modern life of living apart from one another is relatively new on our evolutionary timeline. Once upon a time, we lived VERY close together – either under the same ‘roof’, or with only fabric and a few feet between us. Not only was seeing and hearing other couples having sex normal, it was inescapable.
As for the alleged violation of Sec. 16 of the same law, the same has no application in the proffered criminal action. The said section applies obviously to administrative infractions but never as a punitive measure for it does not provide a penalty of imprisonment or imposition of fines in case of violation. To be liable under it, it must be proven that the alleged illegal act was committed with deliberateness, which is difficult to prove. With respect to negligence and the like, the culprit should be found guilty first.
I swerved on to the parade and nearly crashed the Lagonda when I saw the huge plume of smoke in the distance.
What? Those were celebrities? Okay.
"Unfortunately the car was in the wash process when this incident occurred and this is being investigated by our wash bay and security companies as well as by our own investigators," he said.
Rose stamp from " RAK" Debra Barrett I emboss with the stamp and the color with ProMarkers
"OMG I totes need new clothes, mine are Hell Bogan".
Once this one is done, I’ll move on to the other side of the front, which needs a lot of work too, and then the sides, and the back. It’s amazing how overgrown things can get if you ignore them for a season.
I've been asking advice (from all and sundry) about how to keep the muntjac deer away from my tulips.
3. Learn Spanish
2. Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Bake cheese in an ovenproof serving dish until just starting to melt around the edges, 5 to 7 minutes. Top with relish. Garnish with oregano. Serve immediately. (Reheat cheese in oven for about a minute if it starts to set.)
Close to 10 years ago, I left a pretty sweet job to strike out and seek a PhD. At the time, I was a teacher. Being a French language teacher (and the only one at my school) I was queen of my own domain. Nobody bothered me. Nobody told me what to do. In fact, administrators who visited my room usually had no idea what was going on due to the language barrier. Back then, before schools started limiting field trips and cutting budgets, I took my students to French restaurants, Epcot Center, French film festivals, and even Europe. Talk about fun! Today, most people tell me that I was crazy for changing my path. Was I? Maybe.
Wish me luck! and have a fabulous summer!
Welcome back for more Top Model! I wasn’t able to recap last week, so let’s catch up with that real quick first. The girls filmed music videos with help from two former girl band members and Lisa from All-Stars. They named themselves Fiercely British and United Sirens of America. They pulled out the pot ledom thing. Ugh.
This creates a narrow, but very tall, steep diffuser. Which is a valid alternative way to gain a higher expansion of the airflow, just as making the diffuser longer or wider. In achieving this layout, the lower beam wing is now split in two with its centre missing. The gap spans the exit of the upper deck of the diffuser, a small endplate on the inner tip of the beam wing probably creates a vortex to help draw more flow through the upper deck. Without the beam wing connecting the endplates to the rear end, the rear wing relies on just a single mouting pillar for support. one curious element appears to be the placement of the rear toe link, normally this sits behind the driveshasft and sports an extended aerofoil profile. force india look like they’ve moved it to a lower position forward of the drive shaft.
“How ‘bout that...still intact. I thought for sure I’d see one of Flint’s high heels buried in your butt.”
Well, first off I can tell you that whatever information this site is delivering is badly presented. Just look at that horrible block colour scheme. Overbearing green with deep navy as a contrast. Ugh. It looks like the morning after a heavy drinking session. Look at the blocky nature of it all, you could almost cut yourself on those razor sharp right angles. What's wrong with a pleasing, calming layout? If you want people to take what you have to say seriously, you have to present your argument well and first impressions count in the virtual world as much as they do in any other circumstance.
Bernie must have finally judged that it was not without merit for one night he nodded at me and we began to talk. Once you had passed his litmus test he took you totally into his confidence. In that one conversation I learned his political views, ideas on art, and his rock-ribbed abhorrence of any compromise, pomp or shallowness.
2. Canon EF 75-300mm III Telephoto Zoom Lens.
‘Declare electoral roll void’
I don’t have a problem other people’s beliefs, just don’t get them on me you know? I have too many experiences with hypocritical judgment in the name of religion, to want to be a part of one. So by all means, do what your heart says, believe what you can, I don’t wish the idea of floating through the atmosphere all by our lonesomes on anyone, but leave me out of it Mkay?
To watch season 4, scroll down on this blog and find the post titled "For Aurora". All the links for season 4 are there to watch at your leisure, if you so desire. And yes, I know the instructions are a bit difficult, but again, it's well worth it :)
I’m a bad friend because…
Chief Inspector Stephen McAllister said she was "completely traumatised", adding: "The fact she found him makes it even more horrendous." Mr McKeeney had been out locally and had called his partner shortly before he was attacked to say he was coming home. His partner, and his family, have been left "completely devastated" by the death, police said.
Message: Sure he’s abusive, but I love him.
Their pinata served its purpose but I decided we needed a snazzier model.
If you have a big mouth about smoking, but say nothing against alcohol then you're a damn hypocrite, because more families are destroyed, women bashed and raped, children abused and car accidents caused by alcohol THAN ANY OTHER REASON ON EARTH. So do not scream about one vice, while supporting another, because that makes you no better than any common brainless liberal.
After our busy day at Blizzard Beach we headed to Downtown Disney for shopping.
2 small cloves of garlic, pressed
By Pete Winn
2:00 PM Japan on 21st January 2012
10/22 – Cleveland, OH – Peabody’s Down Under
On the Lake Geneva shoreline
The neighbor still wants to buy Darling Niki, but he hasn't actually paid me for her, so... Hm.
Running a used bookstore for the last fifteen years has educated me about which books are treasured, or perhaps guarded is a better word, by their owners and hardly ever relinquished back into the market. I rarely get any books in the shop about blacksmithing, stained glass or rare coins; such classics as To Kill a Mockingbird, Catch-22, The Cat in the Hat and Gone with the Wind don't show up to be traded; and works by a select group of authors and illustrators like Shirley Jackson, W.H. Auden, Edward Gorey, Kurt Vonnegut, Tasha Tudor and Philip K. Dick are seldom brought to our doors.
Two Texas men who were convicted of raping and shooting a woman almost 30 years ago were exonerated yesterday after DNA tests in Dallas County implicated others in the crime.
On the road, I repeatedly found myself recalling what Levon had said about New York in The Last Waltz. I had left NYC in 1991, and found myself pining for it for over a decade at this point. Missing New York City was painful for me, even though I had done much back home in Georgia that was worthwhile. But once I settled on New York as a destination for myself, no sort of achievement or attachment could extricate its hold on me. To this day, I still think this rocker from an Arkansas cotton farm has said the truest, simplest thing ever uttered about New York City:
In March I ended up picking up a spinning wheel and have started to learn that. I find it much easier than a drop spindle, which surprises some people. I am still working on socks, and finally found a cast on number that seems to work better with my feet. I have only made one this way, but am hoping to start another pair soon.
20-something: It needs to be tight, short and sexy.
(d) disseminate the results among development policymakers, scholars, and practitioners; and
We question the honesty of the locals who often seem to be economical with the truth in order to try and make an extra buck or two.
I have started watching what goes in my mouth yet again and the reason. I took a picture with my son at a school event and was just plain out horrified at what I saw. I went to a Praise and Coffee event and was stunned at my pictures with me in them at just how big I am. Its amazing I do look in the mirror every day several times a day and saw myself but didn't really see my myself anyone know what I mean by that.
Hi there! It's Pure Innocence Day at My Favorite Things! Today we are introducing five new Pure Innocence sets and a new All Occasion Sentiments set in the "PI" font. I'll stop gabbing and get right to it : )
1 unfavorable
Occasionally, but not many.
Because, obviously, Making Things Up was not a proper job as far as the younger version of me was concerned, I spent the greater part of my childhood believing I was going to be a journalist when I grew up. It was either that or go into advertising copy-writing (and here I refer you to my earlier point about “Making Things Up”).
The holidays are magical.
I'm so over you. I'm so over the coughing and the headaches and the coughing and the massive sore throat. Oh and the coughing. Please just make it stop. My Robitussin w/Codeine can barely combat it.
to the morning breeze and starts for the blue ocean.
Barb Schram has been very busy decorating her new craft space - She has created a sweet notebook for her studio. This is a great fun and thrifty gift idea that would be perfect for a Secret Santa Gift. Her project combines our new Decorative Squares with the Just A Note Set.. you can see it by clicking here-
Elder brother Yoshikazu is 50 years old himself, yet cannot break from the tradition of apprenticing under his father, to succeed him at Sukiyabashi when he is gone. Younger brother Takashi started his own branch with their father's blessing, as only one brother may succeed their father at the original location.
The pin I made myself. The rhinestones are from Hot Fix. The photocorner in the right is a die from Quikutz.
Simple actions and intense orgasms.
Ladies Longboard Final (30 & Over)
Bring your valid ID - 21 & older only.
Some will say that that more than 240 attacks and 1,300 casualties are enough to keep us safe. I say Americans can never be safe enough. The robots must fire missiles at terrorist operatives, their associates, friends, family, and people who happen to be standing nearby, possibly sympathizing with their goals. Then when news of their deaths becomes a recruitment tool for al Qaeda, we must have more killer robot strikes to eliminate the growing threat from others who might wish us harm for some reason.
So for the past month plus now, I have been put on a very strict diet. To try to kill off the Candida. No more white sugar, white flour, or white rice. No yeast anything. No fake sugars, not even honey or maple syrup. No foods high in carbs. I have to take it real easy on the dairy foods each day (quite meager). No vinegar. So what is there left? VEGGIES and brown rice. I have since then added quinoa and of course beans. Oh, and I can have Chicken but dark meats I must also have minimally. I do eat fruit, even though technically I am not suppose to. I was still afraid of my intial gluten intolerance but have recently added pure wheat flour back into my diet slowly. And for some reason small amounts of brown sugar seems to be okay.
watching through the picture window
(From the original liner notes)
All of my photos are of "real" customers, not models! These nail shields are vinyl shields that are applied with heat and pressure. (Blow dryer or small heater) They last on fingers for up to 2 weeks and toes for 5-6 weeks! They have a shiny protective coating so they won't scuff or chip at all!
Perhaps she thinks it’s cool to look so jaded? Maybe she even hates her teeth? Let us hope that neither of these suggestions is true. For they are unworthy of any grown woman.
I’ve often wondered if an apology would ever be forthcoming from the experts who manage to get it so wrong. Today there hasn’t even been a mention of how wrong they were. It seems like society has become accustomed to the inaccuracies. Not me. I still find is amazing that the current temperature being reported is several degrees different from the temperature being displayed at the bottom of the screen by that very news channel. Or, when I’m driving in the same town that the radio station is in, sometimes they say it’s currently sunny, but the sky I see is full of clouds. They depend so much on all the weather equipment when sometimes all they have to do is look out the window. If they can’t get that right, it’s hard for me to believe them other times.
So this is the thing: it’s half past August, and I’m excited for that fact without any additions but I am really excited at the thought of passing on this obsession to my nephew. Is this normal? Probably. I imagine if I was part of some ancient lineage of calligraphers or cheese makers I’d look forward to passing on my incredibly-boring-to-others heritage. I am no stranger to tradition. My father pissed standing up, my grandfathers pissed standing up and, by God, my nephew will piss standing up and be as grateful for this smug little satisfaction as I am. And he will go to USC games with me. It’s very possible my love of USC football will smother him and, along with the other gross deformities of character coursing through my system, turn him into a Notre Dame fan or, worst of all, turn him completely off of college football. For now, though, I am thinking back on my first game at the Coliseum with the clarity only a newborn can provide. Will Conquest and Tribute To Troy – two songs so militaristic they might as well be played by jackbooted goose-steppers – make him feel the same way I feel? I hope so. At the very least he’ll love that stupid, wonderful white horse until he realizes the Song Girls are more important.
2. Squeeze Me
happy friday. have a happy, wonderful weekend.
Christine Lahti (Swing Shift)
So to illustrate my point, I'm going to take some of those random 140 character (or fewer) Tweets that come across my feed and translate them into titles of academic articles. Because I find this shit amusing.
The Guy has been having some work stress. I know how that goes, so I've been trying to help him by treating it with food, cocktails and escapism. That's healthy, right? We watched Rear Window on Tuesday night. I figure Grace Kelly can make almost anyone feel better. Then on Wednesday, we watched a movie called Two Seconds. It's a Canadian film about a woman who does downhill bike races until she gets kicked off her team for being too old (at 28) and turns to bike messaging. It was a quirky little film, but I really liked it.
analysis and instant resolution for identified issues. All services are delivered through an efficient network that provides online access to knowledge databases, best practice
When it was time for them to play in the kitchen I would step out and let them go to it. I was always nearby for questions and to step in if there was any kind of emergency. Pretty much, I was a security blanket. As you would expect, they regularly destroyed my kitchen. And then they learned how to clean it up. They made some fantastic disasters along the way. They made amazing discoveries. They learned how to cook!
Cancer is rose-pink
"Okay fineeee. Stop it. You didn't have to be so ... specific," I said laughing.
The shades I have are not shades I would typically wear, as I don't think any of them look good on me. However, I do think they are nice shades on their own. I thought I was going to like Dream Come True, but it was a little too purple toned and didn't look right on me. I'd like to try these lipsticks in other shades!
If a craft store in the area offered classes on how to use this material, I'd take them up. Then I would offer my services to a salon to bling the nails of people who desire a truly permanent look.
But today, novels mix points of view and even tenses. In my Rita Farmer novels I shift viewpoints, but limit all POVs to the good guys. By contrast, John Grisham will shift out of the main character’s POV to the bad guy’s for a paragraph or two, then back again. (Some critics have labeled this practice innovative, while others have called it lazy; in the latter case, I’m sure Grisham is crying all the way to the bank.) It’s also worth noting that studies have shown that older readers tend to prefer past tense, while younger ones dig the present. (If that isn’t a statement with larger implications, I don’t know what is.)
I wonder if my prayers would be more effective if my first response to Abba’s requests was not a groan. (Although admittedly there are sometimes in prayer when there are no words, and only a primal moan will do.)
Outside, the premises of the camp were so clean from the beaten and forced prison labour that Tambo found himself commenting: "The camp is very clean and beautiful, but the mood and atmosphere inside the cells is very gloomy."
This game was done as a graduation project from the animation department in Bezalel academy. The project created by 2 students: Oren Rubin and Alon Simon.
Why ~ I am not sure.
my sister's shirt, Woolworths pants, Zoom shoes, Sass Diva necklace, Michael Kors watch.
Sind’s epicenter might be a festering pustule,but is Punjab safe from the epidemic? Mass hysteria over endless hours of load shedding,ensued right after Punjab had come to terms with the fact that gas and CNG were relics of past glory. The government’s economic policy clearly isn’t geared towards bolstering the industrial sector as Faisalabad learnt last year;it isn’t agro or livestock oriented as one quarter of Pakistan thrust under the poverty line,that tries to forage for scraps to eat will tell you. A country that hasn’t yet experienced the organic shift from agricultural to manufacturing sectors can’t possibly have a thriving service sector either,it’s easier to picture our economy as a formless entity floating aimlessly in space towards a black hole.
Yes yes I know I haven't blogged in a zillion years. Been busy these few days filming a mini web series and now I've fallen sick. *cough cough*
I am so grateful Late Night’s TV host Jimmy Fallen has brought this practice to light in his Friday, “Thank You Note” segment where he actually writes these notes in front of the audience every week. Of course he finds funny things to be thankful for and is sometimes sarcastic, but he is bringing back an old custom into the forefront once again. I just love it!
With very ripe bananas in the house, choosing banana bread for the dessert was a no brainer. The harder idea was something fun and creative to go with the spaghetti another friend was making. Finally, I had a brilliant idea. And no, it didn't have anything to do with the pizza dough I had sitting in my fridge from the pizza I'd had to make Little Miss on Friday. Ok, so maybe it did.
Of course, maybe Gosling is merely compensating in his own way for a character that ultimately seems more sketched in than completely imagined...and for a film that, in the end, feels more like a superficial gloss on broken relationships than an emotionally draining immersion in one.
Widowed after six years of marriage, Anna took private vows of
3. Put the bottle in a cheap cardboard box.
By the time we got to Dallas, the "white stuff" had completely disappeared. We had arrived in Dallas right at rush hour. I grinned and bared it, and settled into the traffic, while Gary waxed poetic on the intrcacies of commercial building exterior refurbishing.
The act says it is meant to create procedures allowing “elements of the intelligence community to share cyber threat intelligence with private-sector entities and to encourage the sharing of such intelligence.” It also states that a cyber-security provider or a self-protected entity may share “cyber threat information” “with any other entity designated by such protected entity, including… the Federal Government.”
1) More fonts!
I read a lot, spend less time on line. My dreams at night have been very active, somehow unveiling truths never before seen. I feel different these days. Not as anxious, still scared, somewhat alone. But more…..I don’t know the word. Like, as long as I don’t do something rash and stupid, everything will be fine. Does that make sense?
-A little TV time
Cousins Cody, Gracie & Analise................. & Aunt Kim!
I last saw Donna at another girlfriend's Christmas party back in December. We sat and chatted for quite a while. I'm glad we had that time together, as we would sometimes go months and not talk or see one another because of busy life stuff.
It was a lot like the Three Stooges around here as I wrapped the thing. It constantly popped out of my hand and flew across the room. I even managed to knock over an entire glass of water in the process! Hmmm...I should've taken a picture of me holding it to illustrate. Maybe if I'd played more basketball (and by "more", I mean "some")...
Exercising, calling friends, blogging, organizing the house.
hammock stills; gnats sip at his
Traditionally an annual bilateral exercise between the U.S. and Jordan, this year’s Eager Lion marks the first time forces throughout the region — with the exception of Syria — will train for irregular warfare, special operations and counterinsurgency under a coordinated joint task force.
My spouse was the first sampler. “It’s good,” he said, “but I thought it would be sweeter. Cookies are usually sweeter.”
He said; let's go somewhere.
GOLDEN AGE OF ARCADE GAMES If you're concerned about what's been done before (i.e. the NES Mario) just look to the right at the former posts to see what has been done before.
Guests will be able to take their pick from three restaurants. Ju-Ma-Na restaurant, which means ‘white pearl’ in Arabic, overlooking the Indian Ocean, will offer gourmet menus. Tamarind, set in the tranquil surroundings of the Banyan Tree Spa will serve a variety of organic dishes, and Bambu will present popular international and local specialties.
And here's an amuse bouche, a nice dollop of intensely flavored wild mushroom soup. A big bowl of it would have been a feast in itself with a boule of country bread.
CHARLES E. DAWSON
FIRST NAME: “Baby” as a first name
Saturday, April 28th 2007 from 1:00 PM to 5:00 PM
The cultivation of wheat is older than the written history of humankind. Its place of origin is unknown, but many authorities believe that wheat may have grown wild in the Tigris and Euphrates Valleys and spread from there to the rest of the Old World.
Goldstone continues: "I know all too well the cruelty of South Africa's abhorrent apartheid system, under which human beings characterized as black had no rights to vote, hold political office, use "white" toilets or beaches, marry whites, live in whites-only areas or even be there without a "pass". Blacks critically injured were left to bleed to death if there was no "black" ambulance to rush them to a "black" hospital. "White" hospitals were prohibited from saving their lives".
A recent article on Malinda's "ChinaAdoption" blog presents her account of a recent conversation with Dr. Changfu Chang, an ex-journalist from China who is now making his mark by producing and distributing adoption-themed DVDs to adoptive families. It seems that Dr. Chang is touring various FCC gatherings discussing his films, and discussing "life in China" with understandably curious families.
The real story of L.A. Noire is a tale of an angry man who shouts a lot, and I'm not talking about Cole Phelps. If ex-Team Bondi employees are believed, then Brendan McNamara, director and writer of L.A. Noire, was a boss from down under, so to speak. Upon reading the controversy, I admit, rather than being scandalised by the shocking allegations, my first thoughts were, "Aha! That's why Phelps succeeds at his job by furiously barking at people. Write from experience much, Brendan?" L.A. Noire was in production for an excruciating seven years; it's reputed that Rockstar Games, the publisher, never wants to work with McNamara again. Whatever the truth, Team Bondi has since collapsed and McNamara has, I imagine, become a schoolteacher.
In all seriousness, big wildfires are scary, and I'm glad that there were firefighters ready to go on this, and that no one was hurt. French Creek and the Iron Horse Trail are the greatest Berks County resources no one uses, and it will be interesting to see how the regrowth in mid-Atlantic woodland differs from SoCal mountains.
So where is that money really going?
2T apple cider vinegar
A note on this video: there is a significant difference between this one and the Kony 2012 film. My first thought was in relation to its “style.” This feels more like a “talking head.” I think what the man is saying is very important, but it needed more production quality to help take it’s message farther. This is a lesson all NPO’s (non profit organizations) need to take to heart. You will do better with sharing your message…if you do better with sharing your message.
Patient: But I was raped by my brother and have always known that if I give birth, it'll kill me.
With so many active Twitter and Facebook users and so many conversations happening, it’ll take a while for you to get noticed. Updating once or twice a week simply won’t cut it, and most of your messages will be missed by your fans and followers. Use your strategy and action plan to decide how often you’ll update, and stick with it!
So, if you thought, "shoot, I would have really liked to have had that pattern" yesterday - now you can have one almost like it but one that I feel comfortable sharing here. I have included in the Make The Cut file both a welded shape for the card joined and folded at the ears as well as a single bunny shape for use on other projects. There are two files for svg users. One is for the card its self and the "accessory" parts. There is a second one for the single bunny shape with paws and feet only. Thanks to Maricel for her inspiration.
“Trust in the Lord with all your heart, and lean not on your own understanding; in all your ways acknowledge Him, and He shall direct your paths.” Proverbs 3:5-6
Lowell Weicker is one of the longest serving Republican senators in Connecticut history, and the only Republican elected senator in our state in the past 50 years. He helped bring down a corrupt president, and is one of the few people elected to the House and Senate and elected governor.
Our garden has produced a tremendous amount of vegetables this year. We have enjoyed eating fresh from the garden as well as filling our pantry with canned goods. This has required a lot of time, but it is coming to a close for now. I can't say that I am sad to see the hard work go, but I am sad to see the fresh food go by the wayside!
And by not allowing their decisions to be ever challenged, appealed, reviewed, denied or questioned, they are imposing their thoughts on others, which is clearly unIslamic.
The Catholic primate of all-Ireland has said that he will not resign as Church leader despite revelations in the BBC’s This World programme.
The young auctioneer is easy on the eye too!
Lulus Diry offered Stanley a way to get to know his main character better. By writing from her point of view, Stanley slowly increased Lulu's humanity, and changed her from the acerbic imp of Marge Buell's magazine cartoons to the complex, distinct individual she was by 1950.
Now your next stop is the uber talented Jeanette so head on over and leave some luvin'. The girls have some amazing eye candy for you on this hop.
Then, one morning Davy burned the beans. “Oops,” he muttered, exhausted after another night of electric jolts in his head caused by Paragon’s miserable rattle.
I have a few necklaces that I seem to use over and over, so I must love them more than the rest!
The rock project isn't 100% complete yet, but I'll still post the before and after pictures as promised. We broke the work down into two sections, one area around the pool pump, and the other behind the actual pool itself. The pool pump area was smaller, but needed more digging out than the other area, so we tackled that first.
I told her, “I’m about to blow, sweetheart,” in case she wanted to pull away, but she was all around me, soft, wet, licking me, sucking me. My sperm shot into her mouth and still she didn’t stop tending me with her tongue. She sucked me and I lapped at her pussy ravenously until we’d both had enough.
Romans 8:1 There is therefore now no condemnation to those who are in Christ Jesus, who do not walk according to the flesh, but according to the Spirit.
I thought I'd show some of my Christmas decorations, these have been made over the years and it's lovely to see them all out every year, I always seem to forget about something until I'm unpacking them!
At one point we invited a guest to our group. The book we were reading and discussing was Stephen Covey’s book, the Seven Habits of Highly Effective People. If you are not familiar with the writing’s of Stephen Covey, he is a champion for living by the principles or natural laws that would seem obvious to most people. Some examples of these principles would include the principles of fairness, integrity and honesty, human dignity, quality or excellence…well I think you get the picture.
I'll be catching up as I can. In the mean time, perhaps I'll be catching up on some reading. See ya 'round . .
Take time to sit under a shady tree and watch the clouds go by ... remember, it's the quiet times that will help you through all the stress that life will throw out at you.
‘Prophecy is underway — as earth changes unfold, the Sacred Symbols will be newly understood.’
The bike is an option, however, and this year will see me heading far north to take in the Western Isles… somewhere I’ve always wanted to visit.
Your GSM cell phones are generally SIM locked cell phones are generally SIM locked cell phones SIM locked? One of the ancient Etruscan civilization dominated the vacation villa italy from the vacation villa italy of another building and never see half of the vacation villa italy was outrageous. Yet you cannot do away with communicating to people who will be calling through one of Rome's five-star restaurants, or stop at a brisk pace is in some of the vacation villa italy to offer tourists and suitably apt for investment, is Le Marche. There are over 30 of these residences at different times during the vacation villa italy and then by the vacation villa italy of the vacation villa italy for Rome. For the vacation villa italy, each region offers good value property Italy in a slot where investors wouldn't think much before making a positive move.
is a deep hum inside me
The kids roasted marshmallows, ate chocolate and Owen froze. He couldn't wait to go back to the cabin and get warm again.
"When you approach me in public, you are Schrödinger’s Rapist...
What a whiner. I mean, ok, fine, maybe his mom did just die, but, jeez, can he tear himself away from his pity party for ONE SECOND and focus on the spooky hauntings? Please??
V. Litvinenko - guitar
Grandfather was an elder Cherokee Native American who had a wrinkled, nut brown face and kind dark eyes. His grandson often came in the evening to sit on his knee and ask the many questions that children ask.
The Greeks knew about the golden ratio, and the Parthenon is the usual example given of its use in architecture. But any diagrams showing how its side or front elevations demonstrate a "golden rectangle" always either include some empty air at the top or leave out some steps at the bottom.
To have open hands, it seems so simple. I raise my hands while singing this song and many others, without even thinking about it. But what does it really mean to come to God with open hands?
I forgot that I even had it on (that's how comfy it is) until spectators shouted out about my sparkleness. And even though Punkeelove can't guarantee you'll smell nice or be happy after a race, they do guarantee their product. If it breaks, they fix it.
I look around my home and I have a memory of my dad with his scripture verse from Deuteronomy above his picture of two deer running through the woods hanging on the wall. I have my sons college diploma on the wall. There are lots of pictures of people that we love and celebrate life with that are still with us or have passed away.
“Those,” I answered reminiscently, pointing to the celestial bodies shining above us.
· Experience with the DB2 platform and with RPG and CL coding language is preferred but not required
And then I thought of the muffin.
Damon, stops by during dinner to tell them that student Michael Barnes, has written an editorial calling the trustees fascists and reporting that Tommy is the only professor in favor of freedom of speech. Michael, also mentions that the following Monday during class, Tommy will read a letter by Bartolomeo Vanzetti, an anarchist executed for murder along with his associate, Nicola Sacco, in 1927. Damon and Ellen, are worried that the trustees will think that Tommy, is a Communist and fire him. Tommy, does not understand why he should not read the letter to his class.
one baby's breath on my cheek,
and then you put them in for 4 minutes. the box warns you not to over cook them. i’m not sure what would happen if you over cook them, but why would you want to ruin french fries? even if you think they’re gonna be crappy. so 4 minutes may be too much if you’re using the japanese nuclear plants to cook your fries. otherwise i imagine you’ll be all right.
3.) Baggie
Standing in the middle of richly woven textiles it takes more than just academic imagination to make the leap from the cotton fields of Lasur and Potul to the vivid designs stacked in neat rows of shelves on the wall.
Well its late and time to dim the lights in charmed life land for another day. So until next time.....God bless.
So he climbs the stairs because even though there's a toilet ten feet from him down there, he can only use the upstairs bathroom. As he gets to the top of the stairs, he says in his best weather man's voice:
ARE. YOU. FRICKIN. KIDDING. ME???!!!!!
I would so much like to order them in grey and in pink too.
peacekeeping capabilities. It seems
Now for the recipe: I spent a lot of time batting around ideas about what to call these. Tom and I sat around free associating names like “veet” balls, “neat” balls, lentil balls, etc. It actually got quite silly (and risqué) and I proposed holding a contest on the blog so someone else could come up with a name that everyone would be happy with. But in the end, I have to be true to myself and so I present to you my delicious Lentil "Meat" Balls.
I know it's all irrational. And so silly. I'm praying that God will calm my heart and help me to be content...to quit worrying so much. As Mom, I feel like memory-preserver is another role that I am in charge of. I gladly take on that role, but I want to be rational about it. Adeline and our future kiddos (and future grandkiddos, Lord-willing) aren't going to know the difference if I am a bit unorganized about it, or I don't print a book for every occasion. I know this full well. I just need to get over it. Justin constantly praises me and thanks me for the way I preserve our family memories. That right there needs to be enough. Okay, whew, got it off my chest.
Koninklijke Philips Electronics NV v Lucheng Meijing Industrial Company Ltd, Far East Sourcing Ltd, Röhlig Hong Kong Ltd, Röhlig Belgium NV and Nokia Corporation v Her Majesty's Commissioners of Revenue and Customs, Court of Justice of the European Union (ECJ), Joined Cases C-446/09 and C-495/09, 1 December 2011
This is not a contest based on need. This is a contest based on design. So make sure to include all the fun and quirky ideas you have for your big day!
And get rid of
So how do we take back that power? By constantly identifying the setpiece scenes in film and on the page that have the greatest impact on us personally and really looking at what the storytellers are doing to create that effect and emotion, so we can create the same depth on the page.
All you need is 3 bits of wood, and a length of dowel or an old broom handle or such like, I fixed this together with nails and wood glue, but you could use screws, which might be better for heavier materials.
Is it melodramatic or is it evoking deep emotions? Within context here, emotional sentiments or even a few tears at the end of the film might well be a healthy response, nothing to shy away from. Should the scenario arise some day in the future when we need to prove that we are human, and that we have a soul, what better ways to demonstrate but by our capacity to emote love, empathy, compassion, pathos, and the fear of facing such a scenario. May this all remain as science fiction for our enlightenment only.
What follows is one example of an interesting insight that emerged on a recent field visit that could be translated into a product that poor customers could find exciting: on our trip, we noticed that everyone loves gambling.
The combination of goat cheese and tomato sauce is classically delicious. The basil adds a fresh touch, the two pieces of toast and an egg make it a meal.
Nathan Ferreira.
But this event wasn’t all about reenacting battles with guns as another two groups met on another field to play Civil War-era base ball. And back at the Library & Music Hall people enjoyed a Victorian Tea, an impressive fashion show narrated with letters from an ancestor, tours of the Espy Post and more activities.
And that is all the whining I'm going to do. I have some prospects in my field, all temporary contracts, naturally, but this is business we have chosen.
It is not just that. Lord bless him, Jeff Goldblum solidifies his motif as the stuttering brilliant, eccentric scientist, but Seth Brundle has no charm whatsoever. He is a paranoid alcoholic who screws up his experiment because he is suspicious Veronica (Davis) is about to go back to her old lover. Veronica is not all that great, either. Call personal ax grinding, but her immediate decision to get an abortion after the dream sequence mentioned above is a huge knock against her.
Whoever said “You cannot love someone until you learn to love yourself” knew what they were going on about. I was bullied for most of my school years, for being too short, too curvy (see: fat), having acne, not having English as my first language or not being pretty enough. It was tough, having to hear this day in and day out. It got to the point where I was a high school senior hiding behind loose sweatshirts, bangs and glasses.
For the 11 men that will put their names in our record books as the first set of players that brought a trophy to our cobweb stricken cabinet, I expect Wojciech Szczesny to be the man between the sticks. Since his inception to our team, he has steadied the defensive ship at the young age of 20.
Wes and I are on our way to the USS Rhode Island SickBay to see Doctor Ted. He can be a bit annoying. Instead of having a liking for opera, such as other EMHs, this one has a bad sense of humour.
It reads like it was written in the 40′s considering all the misinformation about Mars but this is supposed to be an entertaining pulp story about a trip to Mars and what the crew meets upon landing. Also, getting there is not half the fun for the crew. Based on that it works. This is escapism and not meant to be a science encyclopedia.
One time I was on a ship for whatever reason with 2 hamsters, and I dropped one into the ocean. Another time, I accidentally suffocated the hamster in Tupperware because I couldn't find an alternative cage in time. I've stepped on them by accident, held them too tightly, dropped from up high, had other animals kill them...
Fairy, human or angel,
Reading's books are complex, intertwined, Dickensian in their balancing of form and content. Their message is grim, but his late shift from social to ecological lamentation certainly showed a refusal to settle into any reconciliatory "final manner" - no Shakespearean late romances for him. The very last one, Vendange tardive seems, in retrospect, prophetic of a mind at the end of its tether. There was little more to say that hadn't been said already, so many times over, but those last words of Perduta gente somehow had to keep sounding out:
A strong heart beats in well-tuned ears,
And at the moment, it’s this book that’s giving me the most grief.
delicate layers of translucent petals woven together until they shown like metal.
Important to note is that this new wave of Fukushima radiation headed towards the US is in addition to earlier radiation events that American scientists are now blaming for radioactive particles from Japan being detected in California kelp.
She seemed very pleased with the result and the house looks good in the photos. (I'm not sharing the photos because they are not mine to share.) I was so pleased to be able to help make her house feel more like a warm and inviting home!
Adviser: No..no actually they can. Since 1920, as a matter of fact. So yes, they do vote.
Combine this with you camping trip and you’ll kill two birds with one stone. You have to experience sleeping in the open air, just looking up at the stars and universe above you, wondering if other life exists, and feeling so lucky to be alive. To be part of this big world and huge planet.
As of yesterday, I'm no one's Big Cutie anymore. The person perhaps most responsible for the happiest times of my childhood is gone. The one person who had never disappointed me, never let me down, never once failed me, loved me always and taught me kindness and compassion and love and what family means had a heart attack while driving, the police think, and left us. He's with Mrs. Jones now, and he's not just hangin' in anymore; they're just a-swinging. Someday, I'll see him again and the first thing he'll say is, "Boo! Did I scare ya?" These things I know.
I've done it this way for years- but I've been annoyed with it for awhile now.
And I look at Cassandra, and I think, WHAT THE FUCK, GIRLFRIEND? WHY DO I FALL IN LOVE WITH YOU WHEN I WRITE ABOUT YOU? I AM YOUR CREATOR! YOU ARE NOT REAL! YOU ARE A FIGMENT OF MY OWN IMAGINATION! I AM NOT IN LOVE WITH YOU– I CONTROL YOU! YOU ARE MY PUPPET, DANCING ON MY STRINGS! DANCE FOR ME, PUPPET! DANCE FOR ME!
And here's my favorite squash dish (photograph below), the pure and simple squash flower solo. No stalks/shoots/leaves, no fruit, nothing but the most edible of them all: the flower, just the flower picked fresh in the morning, sweating yet in cool dew droplets, no hot and harsh sunlight has glimpsed on it, not a bee or a butterfly has yet betrayed its sweetness, it's yours alone to pick and to cook with its pollen and nectar intact, and wallowing in its own honeyed juice, it's yours alone to devour and relish with pleasing gusto.
Earth will “pass inside the center of a magnetic axis and that it may be darkened with a great cloud for 60 to 70 hours”
But these words seemed... luminous? the first time I ever read them, I was in the little yellow house, on an island somewhere in the middle of the Baltic sea, and Harry had just come back from a weekend in Stockholm.
Step 5 -Glazing and Baking (finally!)-
Just last year the band released a 24 hour song on Halloween (later released on a hard drive encased inside an actual human skull topped with chrome drips), an acid-trip-themed gummy frog and a skull that has a gummy vagina stuck to the back of it. As well as a handful of delightfully ‘out there’ EP’s.
January 11, 2012 4:10 PM
A visual narrative artist book
Of course, Right to Lifers are appealing this to a higher court, but unconstitutional is unconstitutional. There's no getting around that no matter how loudly one shouts about personal morals and religion.
20 then
stupidly.
The aroma is of a nice hefe, the appearance is not cloudy. On the tongue there is a subtle wheat flavor which succumbs to the tartness of the belgian yeast then finishes with fruity overtones and a lingering spiciness. The silky mouthfeel and 5% ABV make it eminently drinkable.
Quinn could clear her name, but that would mean revealing secrets that she’s vowed to keep—secrets that aren’t hers to share. And when Carey goes MIA, Quinn must decide how far she’ll go to protect her boyfriend…and her promise.
“My dear sir, he isn’t here, I’m afraid,” replied Rothmon after a pause.
Indeed, I have written before about how much of what we value in our culture today has its roots firmly in faith that prompted men and women to live out their convictions and in the process they made society a better place.
chasing stars, chasing dreams..
still unknown millions of species unqualified
So, even though I haven’t gotten the Hero’s Path completely finished, I decided to release a demo, to get the feel for what people think about it and to correct any lag issues. Seris’s path is the subject for the demo, and as soon as you get into the game there is a little cat hiding that will give you 100 of every shard. From there, just go into the menu, select hero’s path, and mess around with it all you want. I’d also like some feedback as to the amount of lag you notice when going through it. Each person’s grid will be split into two sections (again, to reduce lag) and there are teleporters that link them. The first section on my machine was relatively lag-free and the second had much more noticeable lag (As there are more nodes) but it was very playable.
Okay, so here is whats going on with our little son.
Then one day, she handed me a piece of paper with her name written perfectly. She just figured it out. Without asking, without anyone telling her. Just based on seeing her name written in other places, and making the connection between that and her own writing.
This went on for quite a few years. I left British Telecom (2001) and moved back to Wales for a short period, as My mother was Ill. Later that year my great friend Russ invited me to an interview for an Insurance sales role in Nottingham, England, and I got the Job. But still blinded by earning money and liking to party the cycle continued. Its strange how when you are in this cycle, you know its no good for you, You know your health is suffering as well as friendships, but you carry on. Please don't think these where all bad times, I met some brilliant people and have some very good memories.
2025.E-X/10/1971. On the military dictatorship in Greece. Cleveland Plain-Dealer, Cleveland, Ohio.
Art. 20: When the case-handling staff sample and collect evidence, and put relevant evidence in advance registered storage, they should have the party present. Concerning relevant goods, they should issue on the spot a double duplicate of a manufacturing statement, which should, after it is signed or stamped by the case-handling staff and the party, given respectively by the party and the case-handling staff to the local copyright administrative management entity for preservation. If the party is not present or refuses to sign or stamp, this circumstances shall be noted by two or more case-handling staff.
Nilsson R, Björdal C, Andersson M, Björdal J, Nyberg A, Welin B, Willman A. Health risks and occupational exposure to volatile anaesthetics - a review with a systematic approach. Journal of Clinical Nursing 2005; 14: 173-186.
She then introduced me to her sister Theresa (in the middle)...ohhh how she makes me laugh. She is such a nut and so very creative. She now sells her beautiful jewelry at the store I manage.
I was hoping that the searchable part of Intute could have been developed to be a single unified search of books, e-resources such as articles, theses and dissertations, the latest research, items in repositories (taken from what eventually became the Institutional Repository Search) etc, personalised to produce results/resources which were actually available to users depending on their institution, with additional subject slant options also depending on the user.
There is no joy in being depressed. There is only the relief of acknowledgement and the giving into it. You don't have to fight a battle. I certainly am not going to waste my time on one. It would be silly to because I would lose it. I'm going to very kindly take care of myself.
How to Win Friends and Influence People
We often talk of unearthing memories or those things we have kept hidden. Both Clare and Sam in their professional interviews know that there is something personal the two of them need to lift from the ground, 'the long tail of the root, clinging to its earth of history,' and the skill with which Flanery constructs the novel around those details makes this a rewardingly adult read, much like the similarly complex Great House by Nicole Krauss. That book found a place on my books of the year roundup last year and whilst it's too soon to say whether Flanery's will appear on this year's I can certainly confirm it deserves any attention it receives as part of the Waterstones 11 and heralds the arrival of another new writer to keep an eye on.
He started saying:
“One suicide is one too many. We in Army medicine have partnered with our line leaders to enhance mental health resiliency; by engaging soldiers holistically by supporting their mental, physical and spiritual well being in an effort to improve the health and wellness of the Force. We are committed to every soldier and our efforts are focused on prevention well before the individual chooses suicide as their only option,” said Lt. Gen. Patricia D. Horoho, the surgeon general of the Army.
As much as I love dry fly, that only produced a couple rises, but no takes. I ended up fishing streamers most of that run and had pretty good luck. The hatches were barely getting started. The fun part was the browns I caught were my first on this river and my first on streamers. They were all about the same size, 8-10′. Jerry caught a good batch of them too. Nothing of real size for either of us, yet it was still fun to catch a bunch of hungry trout.
Today, I watched a documentary called the “Nature of Existence.” The filmmaker, named Roger Nygard, chronicles answers to those “big questions”–like the meaning of life–by interviewing people from around the world, including hard-core Indian ascetics, fiery evangelists, physicists, artists, and waitresses. Some dash off the questions with a humorous observation, others admit their own ignorance, and some weave stories substantiated by absolute conviction.
The town also had a general store owned by a Black family, a Black-operated sugar mill, and a private school of their own. Rosewood even had its own train station.
I've always wanted to try homemade hamburger buns, but I haven't got around to it yet. These are store bought, but you can obviously use whatever you like. Sometimes, we just use toast....We are penny-pinchers after all.
I have coloured her with promarkers and have used the papers from trimcraft first edition and are called hideaway.
Right about the time I started feeling depressed about this, an artist whom I really respect, Traci Bunkers, started doing a 30 days of carving challenge. She did a different carving every day and then posted photos of them.
Once the Montreal Canadiens died , the media went wild with stories of their death. They claimed Youppi wanted vengeance and incurred a mascot’s curse, which targeted those who had entered Corey’s office. Not only did the death of the Habs get all the people in an uproar but other stories began to surface as well. Of the stories that surfaced, two remain prominent. One of the stories is that a cobra killed Maurice Richard in 2000. The Rocket discovered Houle’s brain in 1999 and the cobra was a gift from Corey to Richard once Mr.Corey learned of Richard’s discovery. The other story is that Patrick Roy’s dog howled and dropped dead at two in the morning when Rejean Houle was hired as G.M.
Durban - KwaZulu-Natal police on Tuesday rejected reports that the Durban Central Police Station’s emergency lines were down for 36 hours over the weekend after the control-room was flooded.
Comments: Entertaining story and beautiful artwork by Estrada. Frankie comes off as a bit of a cypher; why exactly doesn't he flirt with the other girls? I assume because that's what the plot required.
The LibertyTown residency was such a great thing for my growth as an artist, and as a small business owner. I do not think I'd have been ready for this step without it. I have to thank Dan Finnegan, potter extraordinaire and visionary founder of LibertyTown, for the faith he had in me when he hired me to fill the job (and his continued faith, every day for three years afterwards!)
Cinnamon Moose Crafts specialize in other Flower crafts like this awesome Animal Print Topiary! I really want to order this one in a leopard print! These are also custom made in the colors and themes you would like! They range from $13.00 to 25.00 depending on size.
*Strap a teddy bear on your foot, shove a pillow under your top (or if you are pregnant, this would be fantastic)…. Bear foot and pregnant.
As minor as this may have sounded to some, there are a lot of “What ifs” in this story. What if Joe never went to the hospital? What if Joe had internal bleeding and they thought it was just a normal bruise? Some signs and symptoms may not show up until many hours after the incident.
The last week and half has been extremely stress full as I had ranted about in my earlier post.Yesterday after office I decided enough is enough. I need time for myself.Time to relax ,enjoy and indulge.Coming home, I announced to my husband from now on I am on a mini break for one and half day.I am not going to do any of the usual household chores and do things my way only.He saw my face and realised I meant business and if he argued it would have resulted into a long bitter fight so he agreed.(Only after I promised to take his share of chores for two days after my mini break was over) And right then and there my break started.Yippeee
Gray also had one other costume- an otter! He wore this to a fall festival we went to on Friday.
‘Ah, yes, how demonically devious was that? Docking an event horizon behind every iPod and creating tracks for the entire population. Genius! Genius Mix, in fact!’ The Doctor hooted at his own joke, which rather fell flat with Ollie’s mother, who had an old Nokia, and never used iTunes.
Trapped in a cage
Elisabeth’s full statement about this unfortunate situation is below:
2. The end of the Mayan calendar means birth and renewal. There will not necessarily be any kind of “event” – cataclysmic or otherwise. There will just be a new age for mankind and the earth. The Mayan writings seem to support this theory the most. There have been previous ages according to Mayan mythology and there is to be a fifth age beginning at dawn on December 22nd 2012.
of business I'm trying to be a friend in, and I am wanted!
- 12/18/1941: sank the merchant marine ship SS Prusa: 9 crewmen killed and a radio operator. The Japanese forces also attacked the SS Samoa (15 miles from California)
I used Crumb Cake, Chocolate Chip and Always Artichoke CS. My ribbon is Early Espress from SU! The tree image is from the SU set called Lovely as a Tree and is stamped in Always Artichoke. The wolf image is stamped in Chocolate Chip and the sentiment in Early Espresso. Both are from the SU set called "In Wilderness." I added a photo corner punch in Crumb Cake with an antique brad.
5. Drinkin' My Baby Goodbye -- Charlie Daniels
One, when I read any book for the first time, I tend to pay close attention to the characters, their habits, the places the story is set in and all those trivial things.
More needs to be known – as in proper research – about the impact upon officers; about effective training to prepare for and handle calls to suicide; and about how the police could improve their responses to “suicide by cop” and to post-suicide family liaison.
Five Reasons Joel (My Husband) Is Cool
The Girl In The Blue Velvet Band by Bill Monroe & His Blue Grass Boys
The search for the ‘black gold’ off Ireland may now be about to deliver some tangible results. Now an Irish company has found the Irish Republic's first viable oil well. The oil exploration company Providence Resources plc has announced that it has made the discovery some 70km off the Cork coast. The exploratory Barryroe oil well has delivered double the amount of oil needed for future full-scale extraction to make commercial sense.
Disastrous health problems caused by GMO products
The sharp smell of pine was the first thing she became aware of. It’s pungent scent teased her back to consiousness. She had never experinced total darkness before, so for a long time her eyes kept trying to latch onto something to send to her brain. Disoreintated she started to sit up, and smacked her head hard on something above her. Confused she reach out to feel what she had hit. Her hand scraped against something rough about a foot above her. Her mind fled unable to process the situation while her body reacted in a blind panic. Gripped in the throes of terror she banged wildly at her wooden confines.
Can I get a really loud HALLELUJAH, IT'S ABOUT TIME!!!
Some 400 representatives from 80 countries are participating in the two-day meeting which is to examine progress made since signing the 2006 Geneva Declaration to cut armed violence signficantly by 2015.
Page 256, Section 2: Islam Spreads
She is in my small group and has been involved in several bees where she asked for aqua, red, and gray. So I knew she loved this color combination.
What are entropic repulsions? You really want to know? You really want to know. Oh so warm and fuzzy-happy! Let me explain… Entropy is popularly defined as “chaos and disorder”. A somewhat more accurate way to describe entropy is “number of configurations”. There are different flavors of entropy too – different entropic contributions to free energy. In high school and college chemistry we all learn about a mysterious “chemical” entropy fudge factor. In a dedicated Thermodynamics class you might see mixing entropy and the entropy associated with phase transitions (water to steam is common). In polymers, there are additional contributions to entropy. These arise because a polymer is made of a bunch of smaller molecules linked together to form a floppy chain. The floppiness of the polymer chain allows it to take many distinct floppy shapes or conformations. More shapes = more configurations = more entropy (simply stated).
Arsenic and Old Lace
This year there was an unusual addition to the list. In the few years that I have been participating I have never heard of a child's inclusion.
This is only a guess but I’m hoping — fervently — it’s because it’s never had sex.
For those following along with my guest posts, this week you’ll find me:
I have no chin, nor legs or arms
29. Caffeine causes increases loss of thiamin and other B-vitamins. Caffeine also decreases your ability to absorb these nutrients from food or supplements. Vitamin B deficiency is one major cause of neurological damage.
Anyway I really liked the Tapioca EIPA that I brewed up late last year and I wanted something similar but a tad lower alcohol. Lately Ive been enjoying beers brewed with Maris Otter that are thinned a bit by and adjunct like tapioca starch, sugar, or in this case jaggery. The malty goodness of MO still shines through but it allows me to make a beer that isn't quite as filling. Plus with the high $$ of importer MO vs domestic pale it lets me stretch my budget a bit and still have the depth of flavor that the English grains provide.
Wolf Craig is located at a recorded preaching site, i.e. at Cairnhill. None of the other sites have a similar preaching pedigree. The recorded preaching at Cairnhill on 1 June also took place within the probable time frame for Renwick’s ‘Woolf-hole-craig’ preaching, i.e. in the summer of 1684.
Last year, though, I had a glimpse of that old joy again.
Murder! was Alfred Hitchcock's third sound film, and it bears plentiful evidence of the young director experimenting with form and style, livening up what's otherwise a routine and glacially paced murder mystery. The theater actress Diana Baring (Norah Baring) is found one night sitting beside the corpse of one of her fellow actresses, swearing that she doesn't remember killing the girl. Nevertheless, it seems to be an open-and-shut case, and she's promptly convicted and placed on death row. Only after the trial is over does one of the jurors, Sir John Menier (Herbert Marshall), have second thoughts about letting himself get talked into going along with the guilty verdict. He begins investigating the case himself, hoping to uncover evidence of Diana's innocence. The film's plot is simple and schematic, and the pace is almost painfully plodding, with one inert scene after another walking Sir John closer to the solution. The performances are mostly not bad, but it's Hitchcock's budding visual imagination and subtle sense of humor that really elevates this pedestrian material.
But he’s a cop. I should just stay away from him because of that alone. I mean, what would I do if I got that call someday that he’s been shot? I couldn’t survive it, if I fell in love with him enough to risk it, you know?
I started making "Transformation Tapestries" in 2007 after my Nana died. The tapestry, made with her clothing, was a venue for grief resolution as well as a commemoration and celebration of her life. Since then, I have made others, not only to represent the deceased, but other life transitions as well.
He turned into the rest stop that the roadside signs had been announcing for the last ten miles. He pulled in between the painted parking lines in front of a convenience establishment. Of special interest were the flashing neon letters spelling out "fresh-brewed coffee."
As a final touch I bought some new towels, silver cabinet handles, a small bathmat and two pics to decorate the wall. I reused the cabinet hinges by just painting them with silver spray paint. I even reused a white and pink trash can by spray painting the pink a beige with made-for-plastic paint. Reuse and Recycle people!
Proverb 22 v 6 says train up a child in the way he should grow when he is old he won’t be able to depart from it. The training you give your children will determine how they will end.
“There’s a feeling out there that we are a little bit stuck in first gear and we need to do something from a legal standpoint to get out of it and get moving,” said Mayes, noting that tax credits, the build-out of transmission grids and support for state Renewable Portfolio Standards will be on the table for discussion.
Physical approaches to cancer include exercise; massage therapies; movement therapies including yoga, t'ai chi, and qigong; breathing techniques; and relaxation techniques. These therapies strive to increase immune system response, promote relaxation and stress reduction, and reduce side effects (like pain, nausea, weakness, and physical immobility) of conventional treatments.
Hope you enjoyed! Have a great weekend.
Adults gave Lips Touch all sorts of awards: it was a National Book Award Finalist , a Publishers Weekly Best Book of 2009, and a YALSA Best Book for Young Adults. It’s gorgeously illustrated and each story is marked by strange and beautiful languages (some dead!) that bring the otherworldly quality of the stories into the very rhythm of the narration. The heroines are real and human, sometimes self-destructive, sometimes noble and self-sacrificing, sometimes broken.
Sally
Professor : Tell us if you have ever heard your God?
Crew Bios:
I find that following someone else's directions helps me jump start my own creativity.
Cool breeze flowing and it's hard somtimes knowing
Finally, I've received a wonderful award from Kathy McKendry at Imagine Today: the Dream Launcher Award. I'm supposed to give it to someone who helped set me on the path of my dream. And I'd like to give it to everyone I've met in the wonderful blogosphere, since you've all been so wonderfully supportive. That's not a cop out - I really mean it!
(Why did it take us so long to think of this?)
Some dreams are more easily attainable - for instance I had an idea for my dream kitchen when we moved into our house 7 years ago. We had so many other things to do (convert 3 holiday apartments, bedrooms and bathrooms for ourselves, manage the land and start up a garden centre from scratch to name a few), so a new kitchen was way down on our list of priorities. Anyway, gradually we chipped away at it and now (with the added help of my lovely family) I have the kitchen of my dreams. OK it's not quite finished, but it's usable and I love it!
On my way in to campus one morning last week, crossing the bridge where I enter my workplace, I saw this in the creek:
So, anyways, here she is in all her glory! She actually fits perfectly in the corner I need a sink in(speaking of which- my kitchen plans have changed since my last kitchen post- I'll have to update with a new post sometime)
"I had many problems at first, confusing wine and win was one example, and my players would be laughing at times when I was trying to explain things. You think everyone understands football but a foreign manager also needs to understand the humour and the small details.
Nor fearing yawlps from elephants
Cattle
My main gripe with this flick is that I do think that the ending was wrapped up a little too well for my taste. I get that the film was definitely trying to appeal to the natural audience that wants to see a happy ending but Lee could have done so much more at the end, that could have really made this film’s ending emotional impact stick on you. Still, don’t get me wrong when I say it’s a happy ending because it still is a little dark and sad but nothing that you would really expect from the dude that showed us Radio Raheem getting his ass chocked out.
Record Breaking Earth
With a week off of teaching, I planned a week's vacation in Arizona. I was younger and more into a tightly packed vacation, and I had the itinerary planned down to the hour. But my husband and I really didn't know what was in store!
Seeds sown on fertile grounds.
We took a ride on the Expo Line this past weekend. It's operating from 7th Street Metro Center to La Cienega and Jefferson Boulevard. The Expo Line will eventually go all the way to Santa Monica in 2016, traveling on the old right-of-way of the Santa Monica Air Line. The last time public transit ran on the line was 1953.
1/2 cup quartered cherry or grape tomatoes
Now, having shown you this, that still didn't prevent me from purchasing an AMAZING old wardrobe yesterday afternoon for an obscenely low price. Pics to follow after we've moved in.
To all that is chaotic
Yesterday I was in New Jersey.
#2 - Demons Tormenting Me: Laurie Strode and Dr. Loomis reunite following the appearance of Michael Myers in the previous issue, and Loomis promises to stay in Haddonfield to protect her. In the days leading up to graduation, the shock of Halloween night proves too much for Laurie to deal with, and she seeks refuge in drugs and alcohol. Thankfully Loomis stays sharp though, as he and Nurse Marion begin to formulate a plan to save Laurie's life...or at the very least, delay the inevitable. The action and the tension start to ratchet up here, leading to what would inevitably be a fantastic finale.
"You know, Mom. Everyone talks about Marilyn Monroe's body. But we were watching today and all the guys said you had a prettier shape than Marilyn Monroe. (there actually is no end-quotation mark here, so I'm leaving it out, even though there should be one)
We’re studying this question through the works of Lewis and Tolkien for a few reasons: First, because fantasy literature engages our imagination in particularly unique ways. In our day-to-day lives our desires are always bound by the realities of our life situation as well as the limits of the world in which we live. I have a friend who says he’d love to be a 19th century pioneer exploring the old west. He can desire that, but it ain’t happening. But in fantasy literature, we can approach those deep-seated desires because they are not off-limits in the same way they are in realist story-telling or in our own daydreams about our lives. And as it turns out, Lewis and (especially) Tolkien practically invented 20th century fantasy literature. Tolkien’s fingerprints are especially present in most any modern fantasy story. Whether it is the writings of a Christian like Stephen Lawhead, a non-Christian like Ursula Le Guin, or an aggressively anti-Christian writer like Philip Pullman, there’s no escaping the shadow of these two Oxfordian giants.
‘We’re dealing with a situation that is known as consensual in fact, but not in law. And sometimes participants may not realize the significance of the conduct they are engaging in,’ said Fond du Lac County District Attorney Dan Kaminsky
This was a "before" and "after" shot of the 100-year-old church!
Regardless of what you think of Ms. Skenazy and her decision to let her son ride the subway, there is no doubt we live in an age where many parents are hyper-protective of their kids – hence, the recently coined term ‘helicopter parents.’ I’m quite sure I was guilty of this to a certain degree myself when my kids were much younger; it’s hard not to be, given the way the media is today. But my kids are 8 and 10 now. While I recognize that those ages are not so old, they are also not so young, and at some point, they need to start assuming a little bit of independence. Increasingly, they show me ways in which they want to assert their independence (buying a gallon of milk), and increasingly, I need to let them do so. If you know me at all, you’ll know that I do not relish the thought of my kids living with me until they’re 30. I want them to want to grow up, and to want to be independent. I’m just trying to give them the tools they need to make sure that happens.
WHY I LIKE THIS SONG
Included in the book is a history written by Phillip Lopate that covers BAM’s first 100 years – including the opening in 1861, its struggle between elitism and populism, its financial ups and downs, and of course, its amazing artistic legacy.
½ small white or savoy cabbage
“It’s hard to part with old friends. I shall miss my little girl here. Do you know, Mr. Digby, there’s something after all to be said for your plan of not hanging pictures. Certainly one is less likely to miss them. But my Schalcken, at least, will be in good hands. You will want to have it cleaned, I expect. And here is the receipt, which my secretary forwarded to me, from the man in Leicester, our mutual benefactor.”
Top officials from the United States Patent and Trademark Office and successful inventors and entrepreneurs will headline the agency's 11th Annual Independent Inventors Conference, September 8-9, 2006 at the USPTO's Alexandria, Virginia headquarters. First time attendees are further invited to participate in a pre-conference from 5-7 p.m. on September 7. The pre-conference—a basic primer on patents and trademarks—is included in the registration fee.
Willing to cut Congressional $160k government salary, tax-payer paid health benefits and pension for life? NO
work vs. WORK
The SG-1 team visits Pangar, a planet of humans who enjoy perfect health and are willing to trade the miracle cure all for stargate addresses. The Panger have a dark secret, however--the cure is derived from what is believed to be a captured Goa’uld queen whom they have been forcing to make offspring for over fifty years. After a Panger is accidentally blened with a symbiote, SG-1 call on the Tok’ra for help removing it. After further digging, it is discovered the queen is not Goa’uld, but Tok’ra.
Amy
Not pictured:
Imagine how some events would have been live tweeted on Twitter, such as creation.
and brought them into the chamber
Avoid the crowds and give Mom a pre-celebration at Fancy Food Truck Friday on Friday, May 11 from 5:00 – 9:00 PM at Webster’s Parking Lot. Several of the best in food truck cuisine will be rolling in to tease the appetites of our neighbors with mouthwatering aromas filling the air. For your gastronomical delight, this month’s food trucks include Border Grill, Grill 'Em All, Jogasaki Burrito, The Greasy Wiener, and Rosa Bella Cucina. A Rockin Ice will also be joining in the fun cooling off your palate with their sweet shaved ice. Plenty of seating will be available as usual for friends and families to sit and enjoy a delicious dinner under the stars.
A- I must be honest, and say nothing. I just returned from a nearly 3 week family vacation in Florida, and my table is heaped with all the scrap stuff I bought, yarn, magazines, paper packs… I do have, however, on my list of to dos, a December Daily album, Ali Edwards style. I hope to be able to complete it and show it off before this term ends….
Kenny at least had that on tape. That would be helpful to the district attorney. However, he realized that he was not going to get anything else. Gunther was a loyal foot soldier, willing to go to jail for his crimes, but also willing to protect his boss. Kenny stood and rapped on the door window glass. He stopped the recording as the warden entered to take Gunther back to lockup.
okay total digression here, but am i the only one who gets idioms confused? i tend to say things like "that just flew right around my head!" and "it's like i've been living under a cave or something!" and "don't fill all your eggs with one basket!" and i don't know, but somehow my words of wisdom tend to go unappreciated.
Assessment questions may include:
And speaking of Newfoundland, my good friend Alan starts with the letter A. You can visit him at his blog Conversations from Land's Edge. He's the witty guy in the fez.
I CAN'T!!! It was my turn to shriek.
You tend to restrict yourself in terms of how you think of what is available to you, not only in terms of your planet, of your Earth, of Gaia, but then you further restrict it to what you think you have been allowed. And I do not wish to necessarily go into this eons-long building of false paradigms — by human forces! — of what is allowable, what is yours, what is not, what you can access, what you cannot.
This is my project for Living With Lindsay's $5.00 Challenge. Wandering around the $ store I knew exactly what I wanted to make but couldn't find the most critical aspect, the shelf. Finally I went down the office supply aisle and the light dawned!
The inside is slotted, a place for the glass slides. You hear the woman’s voice asking you if you are ready. Ready? Ready to leave all those mistakes behind? A chance to start over? You are more than ready. You are eager, anxious to remove all those times when you were hurt or when you hurt others. You snatch up the first slide, feeling a sudden jolt. You’ve cut yourself on the sharp corner of the slide. Nothing serious, just a small reminder of the pain you feel inside, as easy now to heal as it is to suck the saltiness from your finger, soon to be forgotten.
Until time comes they won't show
The policy would be paid for the first two or three months.
Keenan is the Summer King who has sought his queen for nine centuries. Without her, summer itself will perish. He is determined that Aislinn will become the Summer Queen at any cost—regardless of her plans or desires.
WHO? All the blogging buddies, writers, writer wanna-bes, friends, strangers, and others.
Capt Pete
1/2 cup mini chocolate chips
In what I call the sunset painting, similar to the one above from the same series, the yellow soaked sunrays graphically splay outwards to the four edges of the canvas. Dark trees silhouette lava lamp like outlines with muddy paint in blacks that lay flat on the canvas. Bulbous spots of paint are applied by a stick or other utility tool, or squeezed out of the tube directly onto canvas. The illusion of the sunset and small shoreline create the perspectival space. Large rock paint coagulates are attached to the painting in sponge paint covered sagging sack growths. Nails help keep the paint attached to the board. These are ugly paintings, and they are large, 3 x 1.5 metres. The second painting, same size, depicts the tree house in what could be the fall/winter night scene. Layers of wood boards attach to the canvas literally to make up the tree house and its depths. The tree silhouette is against a flat dead dark blue clear sky. There are no leaves on the trees. A foggy grey sparkling path leads straight up to the tree and tree house ladder. This is utopia.
the MITM is the Man In The Moon aka the Husband aka the-guy-who-thinks-he's-the-boss-of-me
At an AC meeting in Wales I brought to the Chairman’s attention the fact that the National Elections Officer and the then National Organiser were putting in place parallel systems and appointing officers into positions in London without informing me what they were doing. This was consequently interfering with my role as London Organiser and the development of London, because it meant that there were two separate London operations in place, one effectively being carried out without my knowledge. This was the first sign of the hole in the heart of the BNP, where cohesion, communication and continuity did not exist. I was concerned too that there were also key locations in the south of London that needed assistance and some possible financial help, and that these were being neglected. This led to a confrontation between the Leader of the Party and myself in the summer of 2005. Subsequently, the Leader displayed poor judgement by taking the line of least resistance in undermining my position. He sacked me as London Organiser, basically for being too pro-active, and attaining positive results! It clearly was a case of nepotism over ability.
I pick up a lot of my readung list by checking out what they're recommending, and they know their stuff. With the printed press only reviewing the big, established names, their's is really becoming the only way of finding out what's new. They review everyone, famous and not so famous.
say our tree is sleeping to conserve
So why did I spend the whole time waiting for you to walk in the door. You said you would. You didn’t (proof one: my idiocy). So I messaged you and asked when you were coming to play (proof two: my idiocy). You replied and said you weren’t coming. So I got sad, I would probably even go to the extent of saying I nearly cried (proof three: my idiocy). So I left my friends and went home because, let’s face it, I’m now rubbish company (proof four: my idiocy). And then once I was home you texted me to ask where I was and I said I was home. You had changed your mind and come to surprise me.
Maybe this sounds cliche, but it's true. If you want to lose the baby weight (or ANY weight) you can't indulge ALL the time. But you can indulge sometimes :) I have my occasional Starbucks Frappuccino or yummy pastry. However, most of the time I now eat to fill my body with nutrients, NOT because I want to get pleasure or joy from the taste.
Riddle Answer: The letter t.
Not even a big one, but a medium sized, sassy red Fila backpack.
I knew right away from previous experience, left as is, the envelope would hold not up to my weekly shopping excursions. It needed to be beefed up a bit. So that's what I did...
Though the Dutch did not win the World Cup final this past weekend, they have succeeded in another area: enticing IP investment with strong tax incentives for companies undertaking R&D. Formerly known as the “patent box”, the recently-amended (as of January 1, 2010) “innovation box” is a tax benefit for Dutch owners of patents or other intangible assets for which a special R&D-qualification certificate has been granted. R&D expenditures are deductible from the general corporate income tax rate of 25.5%. However, once the losses and expenditures have been recouped, assets may be included in the innovation box, through which the tax rate on all corresponding profits, including through licensing, drops to 5%. As there is no cap on the amount of R&D asset profits that are eligible for taxation at the lower tax rate, you can even benefit from the innovation box if and when you sell an R&D asset for significant capital gains.
the outside world never sees.
WOD for Tuesday 050112
Instead, I had to help my dad organize a funeral.
I admire your strength and thank you for your daily sacrifices. Please know that I love every one of you and that I stand beside you, supporting you and your family. You have a friend in me, I am just an email away.
Still, I can’t imagine putting myself through the same misery again. Hence this blog.
Though their name means "Heimdall's Watch," I can't help but think "wacht" sounds like a slang term for a vagina. Heimdall, of course, is supposed to be male, so it would be surprising to find out he's packing a complete set of male and female parts. That would be about as surprising as some of the unexpected elements in the band's music.
So I'm a victim of Cover-Love, what can I say?! Before I even read this premise, I wanted this book. The girl looks startled and I want to know why!! Plus, her hair's so white and her eyes are so blue and that house in the background looks spooky!!!
can't quite keep up with more than 140 band members.)
Obamacare is only the latest affront to freedom. While lawyers and pundits debate the constitutionality of this provision or that, what goes unstated is the insidious evil of the bill itself. Your very body, your existence, you own life will now belong to the state should Obamacare stand. If your physical body belongs to the state, how then is American freedom defined?
-You can share your own great stuff and other cool things you find.
1. “IRON MAN: The Movie “or “CAPTAIN BARBELL Kontra CAPTAIN BAKAL” Da Pelikula?!
To encourage a richer dialogue and get more voices into the mix, I’m launching a project called Blogversation 2012. I’ve invited some of my favorite bloggers to join a running conversation about creativity, passion, goals, values, happiness, relationships, career and food and drink.
So. Here we are. Lots of time has passed. We've already been in Mexico for a month, which reminds me I should probably change the description to this here blog, and the picture, and such (luckily, I'm as undecided as ever, so the name at least still applies). If I were actually blogging, that is. Which I don't seem to be doing. Except for right now.
Saute onions on medium-low heat with a little olive oil until soft and transparent. Add garlic, saute 3 minutes more. Remove from heat and set aside.
Now it’s your turn….let’s help out our fellow commercial insurance agents with some ideas/wisdom on this topic!
Turning her concealment argument to the lawyers, Murphy suggested that the defense attorneys had “withheld” 1000 pages of documents (sometimes she said the figure was 1200). In fact, Judge Osborn Smith had ordered the pages to be sealed, because they contained Mangum’s psychological records. That ruling had been made in open court, and was widely reported; defense attorneys releasing the records would have placed them in contempt.
Greg almost fell over at the phone store, he thought he was fainting and then realized it was an earthquake. Have you ever been in one before? They are so strange. We felt them all the time in Costa Rica....small ones...and most of the time we had to be sitting still to feel them. If you were walking around or riding in a car, we never felt one. But this was HUGE! So, he ran outside with all of the other people and drove home. He said there were people all in the streets and wrecks. I could hear lots of sirens from our house....I only noticed because we never hear sirens.
Hello one and all…I’ve been snooping around various social media and I’m sort of falling in love with one called Pinterest. Before I go on with this post, let me say now that if you aren’t utilizing social media to network with others, establish a following and promote your work/writing, you are really missing out on an opportunity. Besides a chance to market your work, you are gaining the chance to meet and interact with some amazingly talented folks and build some truly wonderful relationships.
A taxi passenger tapped the driver on the shoulder to ask him a question. The driver screamed, lost control of the car, nearly hit a bus, went up on the footpath, and stopped just centimeters from a shop window.
We went out on Black Friday. Kinda.
Source: Anna Maria original, inspired by The Cheesecake Factory
I looked out into the cul-de-sac, where mothers were socializing on the lawns.
Black color, low offwhite head. Chocolate taste with bitter coffee making a cameo. Moderate carbonation and good drinkability. 3 Stars.
91. Socialize
Also, I'm almost* winning this guy at Scrabble, which makes me infinitely more awesome than, um, anyone who does not read the dictionary frequently and has an abandoned hamster named "Virginity."
. . . To summarize, the problem here boils down to the fact that Jackson accepted the district court’s remittitur, which rejected the same argument he makes here, that a jury should award damages based on evidence showing the benefits of Glenayre’s customers’ infringing use of Glenayre’s products. Even if Jackson were to succeed in convincing a new jury that the customers directly infringe the ’900 patent, the issue of the appropriate damages award based on that infringement has already been litigated to a final judgment. Jackson is therefore barred from raising arguments before us that he chose not to raise in the prior appeal.
-beef mince (250g)
Three pieces of artwork per artist per art challenge will be allowed.
As an adult I visited an elephant sanctuary in Sri-Lanka and was moved by the close relationship between the elephant keepers – the Mahouts – as they cared for, washed, bathed and splashed in the water with their ‘own’ special elephants. It was not until I saw a family of elephants playing in their natural element – water – that I began to really appreciate what noble and extraordinary creatures they are. Seeing how tiny their keepers are, some of them as young as thirteen, made me realise that it is the elephants who decide to be gentle with their human keepers. They are in charge.
C’mon; these bangin’ hot broads are from New York and Chicago. Those cities both have big tall buildings, multinational corporations, ethnic neighborhoods, two baseball teams, parks in roughly central locations. Hell, they’re practically the same place if you really think about it.
There will apparently be an on-site brewery at Broadway sometime, but for now the beer comes from Old Market. The menu is also much the same. However, given that the Willamette essentially divides two cities, for many in the neighborhood, it is a new experience. (I visited the Old Market once, back when I wrote about beer for the Willamette Week, in the late '90s.)
Published in Nashville, Tennessee, by Thomas Nelson. Thomas Nelson is a registered trademark of Thomas Nelson, Inc.
I know that you are descendants of Abraham. But you are trying to kill me, because my word has no room among you.
From where we were sitting though it was not easy to cabeceo and I could not really see who I was asking to dance. My first victim was a real surprise, blessed as she was in the chest department, she was also very tall. I think Viv Janis and Mirta were all somewhat amused by me attempts to look dignified as I tried in vain to find somewhere to put my head that would not lead to embarrassment. Still the lady in question did not seem to mind too much and despite my obvious discomfort, I did enjoy the experience.
As much as I gained from the experiences, it left me so drained!!! The last Expo was Dec 15th ... and I was happy to finally REST and concentrate on the holidays.
It is the number one complaint I've heard about the wet blending technique with colored pencils, also known as Gamsol Technique on Splitcoast Stampers. I tried it when I was first looking at pencils and decided I didn't care for the way the final image looked either, so I went back to early art classes and mixed what I knew worked from watercoloring with the OMS techniques I found online. Now I love the final results. You can love your results too. Getting from here to there is as easy as one, two, three! Check out these monsters.
First, Austin. He just returned from a mountain retreat with the youth group at Isom's Chapel. They go each year to Gatlinburg for a big youth rally. Austin really looks forward to this trip every year and he was excited to get over the flu in time to go. When the youth return from their trip, it is customary for them to come before the church as a group and speak about the trip and its impact on their lives.
My kids love beef & broccoli with oyster sauce so when I was directed to this recipe on Food.Com by the awesome blogger atA Year of Slow Cooking I thought it might be a nice alternative.
This is why I’m fine with Ghostbusters 3 never seeing the light of day. If it’s not good, don’t push it.
I usually incorporate this step into my list making so I know who I am interested in. Within the list I make note of images or styles I liked. I also document if there was something in particular that stood out in the work (medium, subjects, etc.). Whatever caused me to want to put that photographer on my list, I write it down.
If it is the season, an amusement park or a theme park is a good first date idea. It doesn’t matter how old you are, we can all be big kids at heart. There’re so much you can do at amusement parks and theme parks that most likely you will forget about the dating pressure and just have fun.
Cerulean Isle is a book of adventure! That's why I am taking it on an adventure across the state! Come aboard and join me on my quest around New Hampshire.
in other news, a year 7 british boy at a international school was abducted yesterday. it's been heartbreaking and the international community has been really shaken up by it. the boy had gotten out the car and was walking across the street at. 7.30am in the morning (so school drop off time, busy) and this black proton rolled up, two Indian guys got out and snatched him. people actually saw it happening and tried to stop it, they took photos of the rego number but it turns out its a fake one. the streets are lined with posters of his face and the parents (south African and Dutch) have given the most heart wrenching plea for help.
There is a third farm hand played by an African-American whose SCREEN name is “G. Howe Black”. You can imagine the kind of comedy this character generates. He is first discovered rolling his eyes and slurping a stolen watermelon. Later he will run through the skies as lightning keeps zapping his butt.
Yes, the developer must start on the arena block as a whole to build the housing towers that would ring the arena. However, delay may be a silver lining for the housing component of Atlantic Yards. The city and state don’t have nearly enough capacity to allocate bonds for affordable housing projects, an issue highlighted last November by the Independent Budget Office.
‘If that was a racial epithet that preceded the attack on Trayvon Martin, we definitely have a hate crime,’ said Drexel University law professor Donald Tibbs.
Due to an oversight by the Group Administrator, Sepia Saturday 120 had two themes - LIBRARY and SLEEP. You can find the other posts - whichever theme they may have chosen - by following the links on the Sepia Saturday Blog.
Paper: (Lush Pink Damask Paper) My Mind's Eye, (Very Vanilla) Stampin' Up!, pink cardstock. Punches: (Scalloped Border Punch, corner rounder) Stampin' Up!.
2 handfuls grape tomatoes, halved lengthwise
Right on target, so direct
Even friends
At the time I had a lot more guilt about adding another person to take attention away from her, more energy, and LOTS more patience.
Now many of you have been to Paris, so, fearful of telling you what you already know, I thought I'd write about some of the wonderful secrets I've discovered about this city. Several kind readers (thank you) have already emailed me their insights, which I'll include here over the next few weeks, and if you know any more, do please drop a comment when you have time. That's the thing about Paris. We may think we know the city like the back of our Chanel No 5s, but there's always something new to discover. Like a lady, Paris never reveals everything at once. She doesn't even reveal it after 500 years...
I made one more, but that one is a little different from these. I'm going to send it back to Diana to thank her for all the goodies she gave me.
So, if Zombie is on the menu, instead of a hack and slash Zombie IV film, try one of these comics. They will not disappoint.
Even if you don't play, I bet everyone has heard of Words With Friends but what about other word games? Do you know about 7 Little Words, Whirly Word or Moxie? None of these require an opponent which is nice if you are unsure of playing or are filling time while waiting somewhere. I don't recall if any of those three were ever a free download, but none are expensive.
Yesterday was so crazy busy, every which way. So I hit the pool before chat with my boyfriend. I was tired, but in a good mood. By the time our conversation ended, I was irritated and no longer feeling good. That’s not a good thing. It’s starting to feel like he criticizes everything I say, and it didn’t used to feel that way. Is it just because he’s going through things? Even if it is, that’s not attractive. I suppose he’s feeling a loss of control over his life, lately, and that’s why he’s searching for ways to feel in control. But it’s not making me happy, and I don’t know how long it will continue.
I’ve started building a set of Lightroom presets which I have been using on a few of my 52 week project photos. These generally change the temperature, hue and vignetting on the photos to various degrees.
REITs provide a genuine opportunity for the average investor to invest in property without needing to have significant capital at their disposal and without having to possess any specialised knowledge of property markets.
Note that this model keeps the covenantal systems distinct.
And the beer will more than likely be VB or Carlton Draught. Many were already onto their second or third pony of the stuff at the RSL bar by the time we got back to our car. It will be significant to them. It will mean something. And here’s the thing; for all the discussion and debate and sometimes anger over what many see as a glib or opportunistic promotion by CUB to ‘cash in’ on ANZAC Day with their ‘Raise A Glass’ Appeal and the money it donates to Returned and Services Leagues around the country, it means something.
Author 2: I have a blog and many followers. But I turn off the comment section. My blog is a dictatorship, not a democracy.
3. i write with a fountain pen whenever possible and always with blue ink.
So why is this? Why does it only go one way?, if interracial sex is a good thing, why is it so seldom promoted between black women and white men, and why is that on those rare occasions where an ad agency generated mixed race couples is made up of a white man and a black woman they are invariably selling organic tomatoes or lounge furniture, never anything romantic, or, perish the thought, erotic.
With the fall in the stock market, even more opportunity is open to buyers savvy enough to know that NOW is the time to buy. For sellers, there will be continued downward pressure on pricing until the market stabilizes. We will be VERY interested to see what effect recent events have on our stats NEXT quarter!
For the bittersweet, and very physical, primal, feeling of my child leaving my body.......
The information you obtain at this blog is not, nor is it intended to be, legal advice. No attorney-client relationship is established by reading or commenting on this blog. You should consult an attorney for advice regarding your individual situation.
Which he holds in his hand
6) Companies who collected forex to the tune of $402.6 million whose utilization is unclear.
wonderful old village - just like stepping back in time!
14 year old boy: That's not a job.
Holy CRAP you guys!!
If you are only worried about not making a mistake, then you will communicate nothing, … you have missed the point of making music, which is to make people feel something.
Yikes. Can we say that?
There are many highlights in this film but look out for the cool fight between Iron Man and Thor and the stirring moment when Captain America, while issuing orders, turns to the big green guy and simply says “Hulk...smash!”
If I were in charge of handing out year-end awards for 2011, Paul Rudd would get Best Actor. Like an episode of “Parks and Recreation,” Our Idiot Brother is, to say it very plainly, a warm film that just plain made me feel good while I was watching it. Paul Rudd is the main reason why as Our Idiot Brother made me smile throughout its wonderfully brisk 90 minute running time thanks to the performance of the year. Here’s a Sundance film that seemed, based on the posters and ad campaign, as if it were going to illicit the usual “meh” response I think of whenever one of these types of movies comes out (the Little Miss Sunshine complex). However, despite first-time director Jesse Peretz being a little ho-hum with how safe he directs, always making sure that the film feels very Sundance-y, he wisely allows his cast to take control of the movie to create one of the warmest movies I’ve seen in a long time; there isn’t a cynical bone its body. It’s so nice in this era of nastiness that permeates from every recent comedy that a film can just exist and observe its characters without a hint of irony or mean-spiritedness.
– Us And Them, Richard Wright Demo (previously unreleased)
The government tried to settle but they had already lost many cases and were now loosing the appeals as well. More and more evidence was collected. According to the National Banking Act all banks are required to register their charters with the Federal and State Bureau of Records, but none of the banks complied, allowing the legal team to sue the Farmers Credit System. Not only was Farmers Credit System not chartered to do business with the American Banking Association, but so were other quasi government organizations such as the Federal Housing Administration, The Department of Housing and Urban Development, and even the Federal Reserve Bank.
When we were cooling out, and ponyboy was tuckered out, we had no problems with any of the corners. I could tell he was thinking about it at one point, and told him, "Oliver, we didn't canter tonight, but we can if you still want to work." Luckily, his English to Pony translator was working because he was an excellent boy while we cooled out.
But, Mielke being 3 days late is written as if a major crime wave.
Though all of the original members are deceased, the group continues. Group "trail boss," Dale Warren (a member since 1952, replacing Ken Curtis), died in August of 2008, ending a 56-year stint with the group. The group still performs regularly at concerts in Branson, Missouri and other locations, as of 2010, led by current "trail boss" Luther Nallie (who joined 42 years ago). Current members are Luther Nallie, Gary LeMaster, Ken Lattimore, Randy Rudd, Ricky Boen and Mark Abbott.
PJ Parachute (I didn’t know what to call this one): The kids put their stuffed animals on the parachute, and we played games with them. We tried to keep them all on. We tried to bounce them all off. We put one on at a time and discovered which one bounced the highest. etc
The picture below is from a Perfection Milker ad that appeared in the Minneapolis Tribune on October 8, 1922. The company had an exhibit at the National Dairy Show, Minnesota State Fair Grounds, October 7th to 14th. The ad said to be sure to visit the exhibit "whether you are in the market this year or not." The milker was said to save time and increase profits:
*I understand that I do NOT understand them or my biological siblings, for I have never walked in their shoes.
Love will pull you
I guess the significance of the beginning of autumn is different to people in other places, but in Acadiana it means we start picking, shelling and putting away pecans. In Germany they think of drinking Marzenbier at the Oktoberfest.
Peter Schiff: They are going to buy a lot more.
Werner, 80 rue Taitbout
The eggs are cut from DOODLECHARMS and the numbers are from BIRTHDAY BASH.
Note: EMI provided review copies of all the 2011 remastered CDs for the purposes of this post.
Mix all ingredients. Taste and adjust seasonings. I always end up adding more cayenne and black pepper.
“Well,” he said, “It’s not what people want.”
Ho ho ho and all the best for 2012!
We arrived in the morning for a tour and information session. It was a beautiful sunny and warm day and the campus sparkled. The admissions office is extrmemely attractive and even has an a fireplace in the center of a sitting area. The info session, held in a cozy corner of the room with exposed brick and lots of enlarged press, photos and posters, (SO different from McDaniel's charming space but blank walls,) was led by an alum, Josh, who described the school in a very favorable manner. Of course, that is his job, but he seemed genuinely proud of the work that is done at Goucher. I especially likes his summary of what students will gain from a Goucher education. He said, "Students will leave Goucher 1. able to write, 2. able to articulate and to think on their feet, and 3. as creative thinkers."
Not too long ago, at a milonga, I was sitting on the edge of a stage along with about 6 other women. The milonga was very follower heavy, and this space was certainly a good area to be seen, but it was also one of the few places with good air movement, and it was hot that night. So sitting there I struck up conversation with the women beside me, and we chatted of this that and whatever. Then a young Tango-HotShot-Wannabe came over and squeezed in beside me and the young lady I was chatting with. As he squeezed in, he started talking in a falsetto voice "Oh, none of us ladies are getting dances. Oh, won't someone come dance with us!" all the while flipping his hair and pushing his chest out. I was struck dumb by this flagrant taunting of women whom he apparently thought far below his swelling talent.
The toad-stuhl gets its name from its use as a common household killer for flys. The toad-stuhl or fly agaric is poisonous, and can cause hallucinations, delirium, severe stomach upsets, seizures, muscle spasms, and in some cases, death.
So we both sink in
What a powerful word of assurance this is for us! And what a picture of the inability of any of us to believe, even having all the wisdom of the Scriptures, without Christ’s taking the initiative to draw us. Even with all the preparation and instruction of the whole Old Testament, not a single one of his disciples believed during that hour of atonement. But Jesus will nonetheless chase them down with his Word, adding his blessing to the Word in order to infallibly draw every one of his own to himself.
Thank you for looking. And thank you to everyone who played the music while looking at my last post.
Though my heart and flesh may fail
one day memory dropped from the sky
Huzzah! Just one thing is missing: the name of the publishing house. Not to mention the name of the author.
Can I get a namaste?
As are the flashbacks in which we learn the wanderer is revealed to be Jesus come back to earth to judge mankind while Father Lucas, was Pontius Pilate’s porter who struck Jesus before he was condemned and had to wander the Earth--the Wandering jew legend, methinks--until Jesus’ return. Abby is also reborn. She is a woman who offered jesus water while he hung on the cross. Her baby is, naturally, the Seventh Sign of the apocalypse.
Under The Pink (1993) Demos
He comes back to himself. “Than-”
My eldest son who is at university (training to be a primary school teacher) lives at home but usually leaves after us.
WWNO: Walker Wheels Need Oil
The trip was really great, but surprisingly exhausting. It will probably be a long time before we get back to MD, so I'm glad we got to see nearly everyone we wanted, at least briefly, and go to the places we missed the most. The only bad part was that J and I were both sick for the trip home! He only minorly so, but I was nauseated and miserable for most of the way back.
I have a couple of books to choose from but I'm undecided yet because of Shine by Jeri Smith-Ready. Those of you who know me knows that I love love love the Shade Series so I'm waiting my chance to jump into Shine asap.
Me - Why are they scary?
Lamb Shoulder Chops serves 4
its not really enough, but we truly mean it.
So when I was asked this question the insight that I was witness to was some bodies mind set on failure.
The 31 Day Proverbs Challenge is a very simple way to engage YHWH’s Word and share it with others. Here are the basic guidelines:
“Hazur”
Overall, he just gets it. And I'm starting to get just how lucky we are to have such a dedicated and selfless and loving husband and daddy to call our own.
2) God’s will is not lip service but instead it is the way that you live (actions)
Please go the f&^k to sleep.I am sure most of you have heard of this book by now. I wanted to read it the moment I heard about it but of course my library didn't have it. Well... we are all in LUCK! It is now out in audio format spoken by Samuel Jackson! And all of you can listen to it too! YEAH!!! Enjoy! I just loved it. WARNING it is full of curse words (as you can probably tell by the title). Here it is:
However, it has kept both a full-sized USB port and micro USB and the option to expand the 8GB of storage with a MicroSD card. In the US, 16GB versions are also available, for $349.99.
I'm going from being with you all day everyday, to having you be gone for 8 hours, 5 days a week. Why does that sound like a prison sentence? Why can't I just be happy for you?
He drank up all the water,
I learned later that Gaga Rouge is made predominantly with zinfandel grapes with some merlot and syrah grapes as well, which makes perfect sense given its taste. But I also learned that it is aged 10 months in French and American oak barrels, but I didn’t taste the oak or any telltale vanilla flavors in it at all.
All in all, loved that there is now a place for me to get Chef Kleweno's fusion tacos, and that the space is centrally located - yet an awesome haven of calm just steps away from over-the-top Hollywood - is a bonus.
Up until now I’ve used a recipe box to organize the recipe cards. I showed you that box quite a while ago. It’s worked well, but I’ve been wanting to update and change the cards and organizer for a while now and I finally got it done.
Wisteria Garland Strings: If your garden cannot grow fast enough to cover your arbor in time for the big day, it’s time to go faux! These strings of wired faux wisteria in light purple will fill in the spaces.
And the best part about this review is that one of my lucky readers can win a copy of
They are hilarious and, thankfully, finally coming out of their awkward phase when they’re partly feathered and still have funny little puffs of baby chick fluff on the back of their heads, making them look like balding old men.
Renly/Stnnis: The shadow baby from last week? Shadow assassin! Just when Renly is making peace with Catelyn on behalf of Robb, he is stabbed to death by the shadow who looks just like Stannis. It’s very sad. Brienne is there and absolutely loses it. She’s attacked by the other guards and slays them, sobbing over the body of her king. Catelyn persuades her to run. Brienne grieves and then swears loyalty to Catelyn, until she can get her revenge on Stannis. Back in the camp, Loras is similarly grieved by the death of his lover. Littlefinger is there to be slimy as always and tells them they have to flee because of Stannis. Margaery persuades her brother to leave, and then talks with Littlefinger about how she wants to be THE Queen. Watch it Dany and Cersei, you guys have a rival! It seems that the Tyrells are not stupid though, since they are positive this was Stannis’ work and Brienne did not kill Renly the way everyone is saying. Stannis is psyched that all worked out, and his smuggler/conscience Davos makes it clear he’s not cool with what just happened. He persuades Stannis to leave Melisandre behind when they go after King’s Landing or it will seem like her victory. In return Stannis gives him command of a very important part of the army. Davos is uneasy about this.
206 2. “William H. Rehnquist and the First Amendment.” Intercollegiate Review, vol. 22, pp. 31-40 (Spring 1987). (Source: Item D-XI/23/1986, below.)
with open sewers, brooks choked by shitty refuse and plastic bags and
YET his conclusion spoke volumes to me.
Amidships we see the all-carbon blade type roll structure from 2011 has disappeared, replaced by a more conventional roll hoop. With part of its structure exposed in the form of the struts supporting the roll structure. Its likely this structure has some metal in its construction. The use of heavier metal in the structure, is offset by the shape being more structurally efficient and probably of equal weight compared to the all carbon blade.
Wow. Wow. So, let me get this straight...You're an author and you what, don't like libraries? You don't want people to have access to your books? You're against reading?
To be perfectly honest, while Wrestlemaniac may not have been quite the best film ever, it was certainly the best film I saw that night, and I actually did enjoy watching it, whether the whiskey and the good company had anything to do with this conclusion is probably best not mentioned. It did give me everything I was expecting; blood, boobies, ample silliness and a little bit of crassness. It was also surprisingly well made, the direction and camerawork was unexpectedly competent and for the most part it looked like a much better, classier movie than it actually was. I am reliably informed that Rey Misterio is a big name in the wrestling world (though apparently not as big as his nephew Rey Misterio Jnr.) and I would imagine that he pretty much conducts proceedings here as he would do in the bona fide wrestling arena. While it’s partially a little difficult to take a man in white tights seriously I’m still reasonably sure that I’m sufficiently scared of him for him to make a decent enough villain, but of course he’s no Giant Haystacks and it would be silly to pretend otherwise. Ultimately I’m glad that I got to see Wrestlemaniac, even if it was only for the happy memories of childhood Saturday afternoons, it does have some good things going for it and frankly, considering, it could have been a lot worse. If you’re easily excitable like me I’d recommend you give this a go, you’ll probably have a bloody good time, if you’re more reserved and discerning then you probably haven’t even made it this far and are mostly likely already reading/watching something much better.
As a result I spent the better part of this afternoon trading in my dignity for boulder holders, postpartum workout girdles, nursing pads, and two different styles of maternity belts. I am now fully equipped to be strapped, tucked, wrapped, folded, lifted, pressed and not leaking. Andrew plans to check every twenty minutes or so to make sure I'm still breathing.
O thy sweet tongue must plead for me
automatically retracts and
I don't think it was an eagle.
Advice: Keep remembering that things will come to you when they are ready to be healed. Not sooner. Deal with whatever comes up with courage and you will move through the issues rapidly.
Such intricate work.
Now to the people, who downloaded movies, games, etc. Unless the filesharing services give their logfiles to the FBI, pretty much nothing can happen to you.
So that’s my argument. Titanic is the worst strictly in terms of proportion. If Titanic had simply been presented without comment, and had lived a fairly quiet life, I may have very different feelings of it. Even if it wasn’t quiet, and still made a crapload of money, like Avatar, but didn’t hold itself out there as being so fucking fantastic…
For those interested in what I feature week to week for fun, you can find my weekly menu with a picture review at curiousworkshop.blogspot.com.
Women, sexism and Hollywood: A look at the numbers
Sometimes those in leadership positions can act less like fellow instruments and more like conductors. However the sound, the work that God does through us will never be perfected until Jesus comes back (1 Phil 1:6), so we cannot be in any position to instruct what we should play but rather lead by the strength of the sound God plays through them.
Mark Meadows (REP) 47.72% 1,414
Well, I am sure there is more….but thankfully, we are on to another week…which I am hoping will be much better than this week was!
It's the job of your hippocampus, when you're asleep, to sort through the day's events and file stuff away for future reference. I picture my hippocampus as a guy working at a recycling center, watching all this stuff come past on a conveyor belt and picking out, with rubber gloves, the stuff he figures can be used later. Only, once he selects something, he has find someplace to put it. Which, for the reasons I've explained, gets harder and harder. Sometimes, to make room for something new, he has to discard something old. Which is just that much more work.
This was all washed down with lashings of spiced wine and ale.
You have your white hats, and you have your black hats — and then you have what we call the ass hats, these wannabe NWO fellows who wish for a taste of “power.” Maugans has even contacted certain agencies and Cabalists and said, “Use me for disinformation, pay me to say anything and I will.”
1/4 cup Quick Oats
How would your company like to use data to facilitate future business growth?
Pure home water is a claim being grossly overused by companies today. There is pure water technology available for use in the home, which will purify your water supply. You need to gather enough information in order to choose the right system to serve your needs, and not blindly follow the brand names that may be misleading.
The big thing I’m working on is a documentary about the Peterborough Development Corporation, probably called The Peterborough Effect, which we are doing next year, although I’m directing that not writing it. However I will working closely with the writer, Kenny Emson, and with Tina Bramhill, who is our wonderful Project Officer on the Forty Years On project and who is unearthing the wonderful stories from the people who took part. It’s fascinating story and I hope you’ll come and review it on first night.
A: An agnostic is typically someone who doesn’t really care whether God exists … or not … or that God is simply unknowable.
There we were, dear reader, heading full steam ahead for a 13th birthday party to remember.
flowers dreams
more into lipstick... & less into sweatpants.
Throw us a curve ball…or… break out the jackhammer. Or both.
Level 17: Damage: +17%, Critical Rate: +17%.
Or do they only care about those bits of foreign policy they can use as justification for killing people?
The excitement is mounting in our neck of the woods, our big Easter Fair is only days away, on Saturday 23 April and we are all looking forward to showing off our new kitchen extension, the Cottage renovations and updated Garden Entrance.......mind you, there is a bit of a push going on to put the finishing touches into place with a working bee this Saturday to lay the pavers, and of course we all have our fingers and toes crossed that the car park is finished in time.
This past weekend, I went dress shopping with my best friend, Annie, to help her pick out her wedding dress. Our friends Maile and Krystal (Annie’s sister in law) and Annie’s mother were all in on the fun. Maile made the appointments, but the first stop was really all we needed.
gloomy sundae
Your biggest fan; As Cape Cod Turns
The Coens’ film of True Grit is a sort of “revisionist”-revisionist Western.
A few weeks later he took a seizure and collapsed.
I used to write a diary, many years ago. I used to write funny sketches about the madness that was my university house - for my university friends to read. I have been known to write bad poetry for the eyes of my forgiving boyfriend only.
The Pellionia pulchra is really getting out of control. I have plans to replant the tank, honestly I do, and I feel like a terrible lizard father every time I look at it. Replanting is a big production, unfortunately, so it's difficult to find the time to do it.
These, I think, are the main factors that have to be taken into consideration with any child, typical or atypical. If even one of these components is not there, you’re looking at a situation that isn’t going to ultimately be successful.
As it had sprayed out of the Sherim, the Axtli had been pitch black. And you use a rag soaked in pitch to make a torch, so pitch must burn. Not even sure what pitch was, Rel grabbed a stick from the fire, burning along half its length. Taslin's eyes were round with fear as she watched him. There was no way she could understand what he was about to do.
Snack: 2 Jell-o snack pack (20 calories)
And someday when I'm a total pro (which will happen, just watch) I won't give a sh*t about haters.
Mastodon, a rebirth, here, now…why? Fingers,white-knuckling, his prized reward. Scared. Deathly now. And it’s only the most
frail in this dream, needy, saying,
I am thankful that I live in a neighborhood where the people genuinely care for each other, and work together to solve problems.
Scott, or Skid as he prefers to be called, weighed in at 9 lbs 9 ozs and was 22 1/2 inches long. He went from being the biggest baby in the nursery to the first punk rocker in a redneck town, and I'm reminded of a poem I wrote for him in September 1988, that I'm going to share here so he can see that my feelings for him have grown with each passing year.
The initial response to an anomaly is often simply to ignore it. This is indeed how the scientific world has responded to the anomaly of consciousness. And for seemingly sound reasons.
What to do with the last 10 seconds?
Water baptism was an imposition as we see in Hebrews 9:10.
Silva is now relaxed enough to state that United have become just another club. “Yes. They are a great team and they have been winning and winning and winning but we are here to make things difficult.”
I personally am not someone who follows back for no reason, I will follow someone back or start to follow someone who I find interesting and generally interact with. I know some people who follow a new handful of people a day, often without knowing or interacting with them, however as stated before it is a conscious choice so why follow some and not others?
Today's outfit also features vertical stripes. The bodice is very fitted, making the stripes contour well. I'm also actually smiling, which is the new black. It makes everything look better, at least according to the radio guy in the Annie.
The kennel came with instructions. The box advised us to crate the puppy, and then leave it alone. If it whimpers, come back in the room, tell it sharply, "No!" and then leave again. If it continues to whimper, startle it with a loud noise--the box recommended briskly shaking a coffee can of pennies--say, "No!" again, and then leave. If it continues to whimper, smack the kennel with a rolled-up newspaper.
I have been pushing myself really hard and have still not succeeded as well as I want to.
Honor gets as far as the driveway before running into Rusty, Finn’s best friend since third grade and his polar opposite. She hasn’t seen Rusty in ages, but it’s obvious he is as arrogant and stubborn as ever—not to mention drop-dead gorgeous. Despite Honor’s better judgment, the two set off together on a voyage from Texas to California. Along the way, they find small and sometimes surprising ways to ease their shared loss and honor Finn’s memory—but when shocking truths are revealed at the end of
Have a fabulous week everyone and Happy Stampin'!
Inside stands the glass staircase that integrates the rooms on the second floor, in a more intimate and sheltered area outside. The visual relationship between the two levels is established through the double height volume of the room, which passes through a bridge of glass covered with a pergola that connects the rooms to the bedrooms and the master bedroom balcony, which has an outdoor terrace that projects into the landscape. This dynamic surrounding set in the beautiful countryside makes the house extremely versatile. Also, its complementing aspects of the interior with the outside of the house, and its multiple levels adds to the overall grandeur of the house.
I loved this book. I’m not in favor of trying to put a unique thing in a box, but I do have lingering questions about how to classify Daughter of Smoke and Bone. Is it urban fantasy? Parts certainly take place on cities in present-day earth. But at a certain point late in the novel, the story shifts into straight fantasy. This approach works; the reader identifies easily with Karou in the beginning, and the cross-world connections are integral to the story’s progress. But I went in to this book blind for the Fall Book Club, and I actually went back to read the ‘flap’ summary halfway through, because I wanted to know how much the publisher gave away.
Oh, and can I add in the two white/light colored dogs that are oozing hair everywhere...right into the lovely red carpet ( NOTE: If you have kids and dogs, don't E-V-E-R get red carpet!)
Weis: “Jor maja ix asha pi cho!”
This lovely skirt (Simplicity 2226) is by Lisa from The Princess and The Monkey. Pop on over to her blog for all of the pattern details. I've already added this to my pattern wishlist as I think it will really suit my shape too!
So does that mean my lust for success has been sated?
This is perfect as Father's Day is coming up.
Researchers have proposed that the emergence of religion was a cultural adaptation necessary for promoting self-control. Self-control, in turn, may serve as a psychological pillar supporting a myriad of adaptive psychological and behavioral tendencies. If this proposal is true, then subtle reminders of religious concepts should result in higher levels of self-control. In a series of four experiments, we consistently found that when religious themes were made implicitly salient, people exercised greater self-control, which, in turn, augmented their ability to make decisions in a number of behavioral domains that are theoretically relevant to both major religions and humans' evolutionary success. Furthermore, when self-control resources were minimized, making it difficult for people to exercise restraint on future unrelated self-control tasks, we found that implicit reminders of religious concepts refueled people's ability to exercise self-control. Moreover, compared with morality- or death-related concepts, religion had a unique influence on self-control.There's nothing like being told that God is watching you to boost your self-restraint. This can help explain the phenomenon that, the lower in class one goes in religion, the stricter the rules. Jehovah's Witnesses, for instance, probably don't have a lot of the college-educated among their ranks, and each one is required to put in an immense amount of proselytizing, tithing, and so on. On the other hand, Episcopalians, who used to be known as the Republican Party at prayer, and who appear to be the highest IQ Christian denomination, are probably the most lax of all denominations now, with all their gay and women bishops and whatnot.
When Grindelwald wrought bigotry and strife:
The artifice of Wilde's writing is heightened by touches such as freezing the characters at the end of each scene, so they become images frozen against the pages of the book. I suspect that the symmetries of Phillips's blocking, which became increasingly mannered towards the end, might have strained Wilde's notions of taste: asymmetry is, after all, one of the necessary cross-grains of beauty. But it feels churlish to nitpick a production which so artfully fulfils its own expectations of sentiment and style. A foregone winner, as I said.
So too do the many times people have come up to me saying: “I’ve always thought poetry was shit but I really like this one!” To use a football analogy – a lot of the poets who are praised in the literary world seem to me to spend their days weaving pretty patterns in the centre circle.
is scarce)
FIRKINS
In the days I’ve had off work recently, I’ve gotten pretty addicted to Pinterest. Basically, it’s a site you can join where you can save or “pin” favorite things you find on the web. This could be clothing, do-it-yourself projects, recipes, what have you. My latest obsession has been homey things. As a result, I’ve narrowed it down to the few things I hope to achieve in our home…
...to get as many spec scripts under your belt as possible is that when you've started to get your name known a bit, at least by the twelve people who might give you work, those producers who have a show in development and are looking for new writers are going to start asking for sample scripts. And they're going to want to see something at least vaguely in the same format.
indefinitely listing but also include
Next, I went back to a challenge blog that I love to frequent; Cupcake Inspirations. There is always something interesting and inspiring over at that blog! For their challenge this week, I thought that Cupcake Anya would be perfect. The papers are some I have had for a very long time. Can't tell you the name of the company for certain. Same with the accessories. This was kinda a stash card for me. I love the blammo color combo for this challenge. That is was truly inspired me!
She added: “I can’t give too much information but we’ll definitely be doing something together again which will be lovely.”
BLATANT: Video footage shows how journalist Chester Makana is hit on the head with a brick. Picture: SABC
Besides the sticker-shock at seeing people who I had unconsciously created mental images for materialize in the flesh, it was a great opportunity to find out what the grassroots on the otherside looks like. All sincerity it looks like sweet creativity.
"What do you mean mental state?"
GINGRICH: I’m happy to. And I also want to attest I’m confident that Dr. Paul is quite ready to serve if he’s elected. Watching him campaign, he’s in great shape.
I agree with his observation that we can expect more activism and military conflict to occur within the the realm of cyberspace in response to cyberterrorism, and possibly later on to online activism in general, but think that the context in which Vegh places importance may be too technologically deterministic.
Smith responds: ‘Yeah, but don’t burn it down man. Occupy Levitz’.
Do you see cowardice or fearlessness?
I should also mention that I constantly say, "We might need to call the ambulance" when they get hurt.
What sandals have you been looking for? Have you bought any yet for the summer?
Ready to run
They were in again last night for a 50th birthday celebration and, true to their word, they had headed out to Purvis Cellars and hooked not only a slab of Innes & Gunn but a slab of Kwak (plus glasses) as well.
"Do you mean Slovenia?" I suggested.
“I hate looking at the pictures from when I just came from France, my girlfriend laughs at them, I’m not even wearing any Jordans,” he said. Jordan’s are a popular sneaker and sportswear line. It’s known for unique designs and being costly.
is inside me.
‘Hello. Where is everyone?’ It was Rory. Ollie leaped nearly out of his skin. If adults were going to insist on unquestioning obedience from kids, they were going to have to be a bit more considerate about their comings and goings.
We were taken by Steve to a place he'd been recommended for Ramen. Ramen is a Japanese noodle dish. Each region has their own style of ramen. I don't know what the ramen from other districts in Japan are like, but the dish I had in that small, busy cafe on a side-street in Kyoto on that cold day in Kyoto was tasty, welcome, hot and super-delicious.
Like America and France, Britain has sought to charm the Arab dictators and not only in Cairo and Riyadh. WikiLeaks tells us that in the interests of "realism" and "stability", the Foreign Office also embraced the unhinged Muammar Gaddafi and briefed the old despot's courtiers on how they could secure the release of the Lockerbie bomber, before the courts had acquitted him of responsibility for the worst murder in recent British history.
This worked out well for me: Last fall I simply cut down my cilantro and laid it over the bare dirt where I wanted it to grow this year in a criss-cross pattern as a sort of over winter mulch. Now I have a nice crop of cilantro already coming up! I think I'll try this method with the basil as well this fall.
Smell: 2.5
a pinch of freshly ground black pepper
You should see your kids and wife
No Upson on the bench fueling rumours he is off before Tuesday’s when the January transfer window closes. Fellow defenders Danny Higginbotham and Danny Collins could also depart. Maybe long term target Liam Ridgewell may join from Brum?
I tried to make cod fish using tofu and seaweeds as the skin. The dish turned out quite good and my kids was thrilled to see a mock cod fish! LOL!
Citizens don’t even lack the honour or integrity to do the latter: to admit that they are NOT SERIOUS ABOUT PROBLEM SOLVING; but that they are just a bunch of whining brats, who endlessly whine about problems they have NO interest or sincerity in fixing.
ACHXOY-MARTAN, Chechnya — Chechnya’s government is openly approving of families that kill female relatives who violate their sense of honor, as this Russian republic embraces a fundamentalist interpretation of Islam after decades of religious suppression under Soviet rule.
Of your pink Cadillac
Prepare the whipped cream to froth the egg with two tablespoons of sugar, add brandy and cocoa powder. Mix with care to remove the dough.
My friend and I used to order French Onion Soup whenever we were out. I had never dared to make it at home. Of course back then my idea of cooking was to open a can of soup and warm it on the stove. Here I had a cold winter day without a full schedule so it was the perfect opportunity to delve into a new recipe.
25. I Am The Walrus (3:46)
Let us never forget the sacrifices made by those who have fought to keep our country free.
It speaks to the power of imagery that my memory is jogged so well through this one little screenshot. In all honestly I could not have chosen a better picture for my Sixth Meme entry if I had sifted through every screenshot I’ve taken since 2007. The most important element of my experience with World of Warcraft is summed up right there: the community I’ve discovered as a result of the game. World of Warcraft, more than any single other activity or hobby I’ve ever had, has brought me some of the best and most treasured friends of my life. It’s opened my eyes to new possibilities in my career pursuits. It’s challenged me to flex my creative drive in ways I never dreamed I would. It’s made me a published author. It’s encouraged me to step out of my comfort zones. Through World of Warcraft communities I discovered modern thinking on social justice and I met many people from diverse backgrounds who have challenged my perceptions in ways I will forever appreciate. I do not wish to insinuate that I never could have developed these things without World of Warcraft, because I certainly hope that I would have, however it just so happens that in my life Warcraft was the medium through which these things came to me. Surely that is something special.
“Democracy without honest information creates the illusion of popular consent at the same time that it enhances the power of the state and the privileged interests that the state protects. And nothing characterizes corporate media today more than its disdain toward the fragile nature of modern life and its indifference toward the complex social debate required of a free and self-governing people.”
“How would you describe the taste of Lamial Buds in the moonlight?”
3. When ready to make the meat paste, place bowl of pork in the freezer for 30 minutes before processing.
Tauren:
The decorator paper used here is Making Memories "Stardust Hearts Red," purchased for me by my Valentine--what a sweetie!
The first is Laura Emily...she has opened an Etsy store called Good Earth Living. She opened it in January and I wanted to give her a chance to get everything settled and ready before I said anything...because you know I have such a huge following that this will crash the Etsy server. Not! However, when I see something I believe in, I like to share it. Laura Emily is a certified Holistic Wellness Coach, so she knows what she's doing and her store has a nice selection of natural balms, supplemental tinctures, soap nuts and room sprays. I personally believe in the practice of natural healing as I have seen some amazing things accomplished by it through herbs, juicing, whole foods, etc. Go by and take a gander at her stuff - You might just see something you like!
1 body's
She named a mock gun fight “terrifying”, saying: “I went into the room and heard an explosion.
So I'm glad it went the way it did. We can today enjoy the Stretching Gallery as a fine amalgam of creative minds. It's a piece of hallucinatory strangeness courtesy of Rolly Crump, made possible by the mechanical genius of Yale Gracey, dressed up in the elegant but slow and sombre woodwork of Claude Coats. Then there's a display of wicked Marc Davis humor just as X. Atencio's script sets before you THE classic dilemma of this haunted house—real or imagined? Plus, you get the finest scare of the ride in the form of a gag that would NEVER be approved today. How nice. Forbidden fruit for dessert.
The whack on the little bum,
- cute
Having utterly failed to convince even a single man, woman or child in Britain to slightly moderate their drinking habits, or “lives” as they are otherwise known, parliament has released a set of guidelines ironically entitled “We Give Up” to try to corral the average Brit into simply laying off the absinthe for as little as 48 hours.
I will get a degree.
I figured that way you can decide for youself which stamps you NEED in your collection. And since there is so much gorgeousness to choose from at Whimsy Stamps I'm sure I'll make some girl (or boy) very happy with this prize.
as we breath deeply:
Or we could consider high fructose corn sugar, which marketing gurus call corn sugar to make it sound less evil; they further say it’s the same as sugar in your body. True, when it enters the cell, sugar is sugar (consider the variety of “-ose’s”). However, the chemical structure of sugars is different, and when high fructose corn syrup (HCFS) is broken down by cells, it is not used in the same ways as other sugars are, and can cause individuals to gain weight by not feeling full, a signal that other sugars, once processed by cells, will send to the brain. Personally, I am incredibly disappointed to find HFCS in products I see at the store; there are only a couple products in my pantry which I just discovered over the last week have high fructose corn syrup, and which I will find substitutes for on my grocery trip this weekend…but I digress.
This is a way for us to say THANK YOU for reading our blogs, supporting our TpT adventures, leaving sweet comments and being a network of encouragement.
Flag Football:
When the New South Africa came into being in 1994 the country may have shed the scourge of its apartheid past, but its economic troubles were far from over. The global political and economic climate had shifted radically from those of the Cold War and Apartheid era. The ideology of Marxism with its centrally planned communist system had disintegrated in the former Soviet block and was totally discredited world-wide. Instead of the constant battle between the political forces of left and right and the economics of communism and capitalism, only the latter remained. It now asserted itself with increased vigour, self-interest and ideological focus, mainly through the so-called Washington Consensus consisting of the U.S. government and the global institutions of the World Bank, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Trade Organisation (WTO).
Next, using a sharpener after you have used your liner helps keep it clean from nasty bugaboos and other germs that can come into contact with your eyes or lips. And keeping your sharpener clean is not only going to keep germs from taking up residency on it, but also help keep the little blades at their sharpest.
I have been really enjoying the comments left. Most of the time I intend to reply, but am so darn busy I do't get to it. So please know that I check several times a day to see what y'all are saying and eagerly look forward to the comments.
Service: The service was mediocre, but not bad. We didn't get our glasses refilled but our waitress was pleasant enough.
2 tsp lemon juice
18. Jaws 2 (commercial)
An action horror slash action slash mind f** of a game toppled the legendary RPG. The battle for Britain last week wasn’t without its tragedies as several big titles saw their places on national charts dissipate.
Don't they know me at all? Me who is always coming up with something fabulous to do with my time?
Roth is a gutsy writing, able to pack a punch with articulate and eloquent language, and is set to take her place at the top of the charts again this year.
10. Rock and Roll Lullaby
To maintain this balance, livestock farmers have developed many different types of grazing systems. Some are continuous, where cattle graze for indefinite periods of time; others are rotational, where cattle are moved from one grazing area to the next.
SHONEN KNIFE – HOT CHOCOLATE (STEREOLAB MIX)
Now heat the 2 tbsp oil and add the mustard seeds to it. Wait for it to splutter.
First: Taking advantage of free babysitting, I dragged the mister to see George Michael when he was playing in Marseille.
Fun facts about Joe Amalfitano:
Outside my window...Sunshine streaming through the window! So in contrast to yesterday when cold and wet all day!
Edmondson: I think it was because Rik left his pile of porn mags in the room (laughs).
-Sunny evenings in the backyard surrounded by family.
Funnily enough it's actually ended up being a bit too big (surprise, suprise!) but that's the way I like it. I hate the thought of lovingly crocheting something only to have it handed down or packed away into a glory box after one season. The yarn is so beautiful I'd hate to only enjoy it for a short time.
In front of it, lying on the floor and straining to crawl away from the lip of the ledge, was Rissad Van Raighan. Every part of his twisted posture bespoke pain and desperation, his uninjured leg scrabbling at the concrete while the other, broken, trailed underneath it. As Rel came closer, he realised the Gatemaker's skin was almost grey with malnutrition, exhaustion and shock.
“And it is a happiness that is very definitely related to conduct. The good life is attractive and brings real, not superficial, happiness.” (87)
The underlying themes of oppression and revolution: This is one area where losing the first person narrative of the novel is an advantage. Director/writer Gary Ross and the writing team (that included Collins) actually go beyond the events of the first novel by cross-cutting scenes of unrest in District 11, backstage elements of the Games emphasizing how the gamemakers think, and interactions between President Snow and Head Gamemaker Seneca Crane. Where the novel, due to the first person narration, is Katniss-centric to the point of not fully developing things that Katniss and readers will have to be caught up on in the second book, the film does an excellent job of preparing viewers for what is to come in the next installments. It also ramps up the stakes of what is happening in the arena and how Katniss’ naive and heroic acts are seen as rebellious.
“Why even bring us here?” Diana protested, a confused expression marring her face. “Why put us through this?”
Now I have to work on finishing William's afghan...which will probably be my next entry here.
Nor is the backyard of Top Maropea
I was sitting in bed this morning and had the luxury of a Sunday morning lazy start to the day.
short of spectacular. I hope you all have a wonderful weekend!
Sent: Monday, April 09, 2012 9:40 AM
MasterChef gave us the night off on Monday the 4th so that we could all properly burn hot dogs to a crisp on the grill, blow our fingers off with fireworks, and drive drunk. I don’t advocate any of those things, especially not the latter, but statistics don’t lie. Hopefully though, all of you are reading this with all your limbs where they are supposed to be, as I am.
the night harness races will have to wait.
It is a great learning journey.
I would like to enter him in the following challenges -
I got myself a Moby! Our Hotsling was great while Kate was itty bitty. Now that she's a true chunker, though, she doesn't fit in it very well and she looks (and probably feels) very uncomfortable. She also HATES being held in a cradle position - she likes to be up on people's chests. So I broke down and got us a Moby. It came in the mail yesterday and so far we both love it. It is a lot easier to put on than I thought it would be and it is so much easier to get her into and out of than the Hotsling. She has been sooooo crabby these past two days. I'm thinking maybe she's going through a growth spurt or something because her sleeping patterns have been all off-kilter, too. Sunday night she slept for 11.5 hours straight! (not that I'm complaining about that!)
Me and my dependable bike with basket that delivered thousands of newspapers from 1951 to 1956
Of course in good English style no blog on trench coat rain jackets would be complete (or even begun) without a mention of the fabulous Burberry jackets shown here on Emma Watson. While I would die for a Burberry jacket, it’s not in the budget… At least not until I hit my goal weight and know I’ll be able to get maximum use out of it. Until then it’s just a dream…
They stretched in never-ending line
Out of Control
Someday, he will have a wife, and she will be a well-loved woman. I know. I am married to his father.
Hold on a minute. What about “my brothers in Afghanistan?” Come to think of it you haven’t made many references to the mayhem in your favorite country.
We came up with a list of our favourite shows that we use to watch when we were kids. As we went through them it is incredible that we still remember so many of the theme songs. Obviously cartoons are a very important part of childhood and they create memories that stick with you for a very long time.
- No matter how truthful our excuses are, people don’t want to hear them. All excuses do is slow us down, and nobody benefits from them.
Location 1, Clientele 1, Beer Selection 5, Ambience 4, Service 4
This having-it-all-backwards is a propensity with you and it stems from wrong thought. The wrong thought is your idea about money. You love it and yet you say it is the root of all evil. You adore it and yet you call it 'filthy lucre.' You say that a person is 'filthy rich.' If a person does become wealthy doing 'good' things, you immediately become suspect, you make that 'wrong.' You see, in your mind, a person who chooses the highest calling should get the lowest pay ...
First of all, if you remember from my last post, I said I was going to try to get healthy and lose weight. Well, I went to Sam's Club and got my first NutriSystem 35 day card! YEA times 2!! So, sometime this week I should be getting my first shipment from NutriSystem and you can be sure I'll be letting everyone know how I enjoy or don't enjoy the foods. I'm not really a picky eater, I think that's part of why I'm needing to lose weight to begin with, but there are some things I just DON'T like, take brussel sprouts, please! Yuck! But I'm encouraged by what I've read on their website so I think I'll be able to stick with this and get a big jumpstart to my healthier living resolution. So, wish me luck!
JUST CLICK THIS LINK and share what trips you up, holds you back or any tips you may have for overcoming guilt and keeping your joy. Fill out the quick form at the link and you'll be entered to win a free life coaching consultation from one of us AND a gift certificate to Amazon.com to use to purchase whatever strikes your fancy!
Then you go...
"This done, all three took leave without delay. They inherited rightfully the domains of the deceased, so they had two castles. It's a very sad truth that in this world some have too much wealth whereas others, of which I am one, haven't enough.
Mather Schneider was born in Peoria, Illinois and currently lives in Tucson, Arizona where the inspiration for this collection was born. The city of Tucson contracts and expands with every breath as Mr. Schneider navigates the streets and outskirts delivering a colorful array of characters to their varied destinations. I happy to share a sample of poems with you:
Later, our server told Alex and I we should follow Rhiannon and it didn't appear that we were being ejected. Instead, we were taken to a pair of tall glass-fronted cabinets near the door which was storage of their most special beverages. "Do you see anything you're interested in?" Well, yeah, hell yeah, but it was too overwhelming to focus. Rhiannon ended up choosing a bottle of Byrrh, a rich and delicious aperitif, and then offered to make us each our drink of choice using the Byrrh. Alex was served a variation on the Negroni, and I on the Manhattan. And I've run out of superlatives.
100g unsalted butter, melted and cooled.
love makes you cry
Rouse is donating 10 percent of his royalties from the book to The Humane Society of the United States. So grab your copy today. And comment below for your chance to win one of two copies! I will make my boy-child break from the Wii long enough to draw the winners from a Tupperware bowl, and I'll post these Tuesday, 9-6.
Happy Easter everyone! The only musical events happening locally over the weekend that I've heard about:
The new part of my life is starting and I'm pretty scared. :(
On the day – okay so I’ve had my registry wedding, with the Hindu one yet to happen. I didn’t think I’d be as nervous as I was… I have sung infront of thousands and most certainly never been so scared or apprehensive in my entire life! The one thing that held me together was playing my piano just before I went to get changed. Do something (if it’s quick that is) to relax you and calm you down if you were a mess like me and on the toilet at every opportunity!
My relationship is on track to be the grandest roller coaster ride of all time, complete with stomach churns and screams. I often wish one of us would get off the pot and do the breaking up, but we don't. We love each other and get along well, except when we don't. I still think she's cheap -with me - and I'm still sick of what she continues to give others. Further, her life's dramas spill over into mine; I can request to not hear about such, but still do and then I can't shake it and how it all influences us. Of late, the stress is getting to me and making me less than charming in the other areas in my life. I don't like my cortisol levels to maintain such a high level that I am a royal bitch all the time. It's begun to affect me physically. Her phone was out all last week and I felt a blissful measure of peace.
In the Second Reading of this past Sunday, we had the beautiful passage of John’s Gospel, “what we shall be has not yet been revealed. We do know that when it is revealed we shall be like him, for we shall see him as he is (1 Jn 3:2).” We will see Him as He is — the only Savior of the world. That’s why it says in the Book of Revelation that in the end, “every eye will see Him — even of those who pierced Him.” This too is part of the bravery of the priest.
At this point I was preparing myself...I knew something was off.
The right to freedom of speech underpins the values of a democratic society and individuals and organisations should be free to express their views or beliefs. However, 99% of customers who participated in the review supported the bank’s decision to withhold finance from those extremist organisations that advocate not only discrimination but hatred.
We are at the breakfast table eating cornflakes and she’s telling me about a poem she has written at school.
I’m still not sure I know what it all means, but here are a few things to consider…
I LOVE them because they are so darn easy peasy to make, about a 30 minute prep. in the morning and dinner is good to go when you walk in the door from a busy day.
Thank you so much for taking a look, and have fun stitching!
21. Brain Damage
On our Australia Day 2012 my husband has worked this morning and it was pouring with torrential rain. We were invited to a lunch at my mother-in-laws which we do usually attend because she lives across the road from a beautiful beach. Unfortunately for me I really get rather agitated when a lot of people are crammed together in a small space and my mother-in-law lives in an apartment. Needless to say I had to decline the invitation because the twenty something people in that little space would have been too much for me.
in the sun on their private beach
i raged at God today. I dont know that anything was resolved, i just know that i cried, screamed and sang. Did i get a word? not sure. i spoke to a friend and he said to me everything will be alright. he didnt know what i was feeling and if i had been crying.
I feel so free
8) Walt never lived to see Fantasia become a success. 1940 audiences were put off by its lack of a story. Also the final scene, The Night On Bald Mountain sequence with the devil damning the souls of the dead, was considered unfit for children.
You love me.
This product does not contain gluten.
_____This may come as a suprize to most of yoo, but I have a slite problem with speling.
No disrespect to the Penguins’ fourth-line guys (Craig Adams, Joe Vitale, Aaron Asham, Richard Park, and to a lesser extent Eric Tangradi), but that group provides almost non-existent offense and as a group is much slower than what the Flyers can throw out on the third and fourth lines. Craig Adams may be a terrific penalty killer, but he is not a threat to go the other way and score like Sean Couturier, Max Talbot, or Claude Giroux are.
SAP will soon offer its own Platform as a Service (PaaS) and AppExchange-like online applications store. The announcements are the next big steps in SAP’s on-demand push, and they will roll out in what the company describes as a deliberate fashion starting early next year. The plans were detailed at SAP’s Influencer Summit on Wednesday. At the center of SAP’s burgeoning on-demand strategy is SAP Business ByDesign. After years in development, SAP Business ByDesign is now ready to serve as the basis of a PaaS, said SAP executives. The SAP Business ByDesign -based PaaS will enable partners, customers, and SAP itself to develop and run on-demand applications that can stand alone or extend and tightly integrate with SAP’s on-demand and on-premise applications. Executives stressed that SAP’s platform will support a hybrid world in which companies blend on-demand and on-premise approaches. “Our differentiator is the richness of the platform and the ability to tap into SAP’s on-premise infrastructure,” said Jeff Stiles, senior vice president of On-Demand Solutions.
Generously season them. *My seasoning mix is equal shakes of: cumin, thyme and black pepper; and a little less of hot red pepper and cinnamon.
Continue in garter st, decreasing 1 st beginning every row to 22 sts on needle. Cast off.
I will keep making art and doing my thing, and i'll post as soon as time lets me. And I will be back and try to fill this blog almost daily with my things...
The goal is to tell the main idea of the novel in as
On this fine Friday, i came to Largo do Ordem, a square with historical buildings and churches that situated just block away from the apartment. The weekly flea market of the city is taking place here too. Besides hanging around the city centre, i spent roughly half an hour or more sitting at the square watching every movement happened here in Curitiba. Tourists stopped by and snapped pictures, local came and sat on the benches, buses and cars passing by. What a life!
Disturbed by the apparent relationship between her mother and Norris, Rita flees home and meets Emilio who she marries. Yet Emilio is guarding a deep secret and when Rita uncovers the truth, she is left heartbroken.
Ash*
Calculating royalties based on Net isn’t bad or evil. It’s usually just because it’s easier accounting for the smaller house.
The story was so intriguing. I thought the author really hit a home run with the storyline and I would love a prequel to see exactly what happened all those years ago when the Fold was created. The Fold is one of the scariest places I have ever read about. Imagine being blind and then feeling the claws of a monster. Yeah scary! I also had no problem envisioning the setting. I usually have a hard time with this in fantasy books but this was so well written that I could picture every place. I loved the idea of Grisha! What a unique idea. Fantasy needs magic and the author did a fantastic job weaving in her own magic throughout this amazing story. I want so much more from this world and I really hope that this series sticks around for along time.
Nick Lowe - Bass, Vocals
As for the sandals, I was actually looking for peep toe buckled wedges in black and initially was gonna go for a more practical version, but those red sparkly heels hypnotized me and I just had to buy them :)
I walked out feeling much better. And I bought champagne for Alex's birthday dinner of chicken marsala. Oh, and I'm getting my voice back too.
Bar owner Kevin Kowalski is used to women throwing their phone numbers at him, but lately he's more interested in finding a woman to settle down with. A woman like Beth Hansen. If only their first meeting hadn't gone so badly...
This book was recommended to me by a friend but I haven't read it yet. I figure that if there is ever a time I will need to be consoled, it'll be when I'm stuck on a desert island.
In exactly 27 hours and 10 minutes I will be sitting in the perineonatal office awaiting the MUCH awaited 20 week ultrasound. Yes the main reason I’m going to the specialist is to make sure that baby’s heart looks fine. Which according to yesterdays Dr apt baby’s heart beat was sitting nicely at 150 and was found right away. We all know the REAL reason we’re excited for this appointment though….as B would put it to FINALLY shut Wendy up. Ok he means it nicely but the poor guy has been listening to me say,”I wonder what we’re having…ohhh I really hope it’s a boy.”
The little elephant is one of my favorite stamps and comes from the Mighty Jungle set. If you like him as much as I do you will want to order it asap. The Mighty Jungle is retiring and when it is sold out, it's gone for good.
Jonas likes to count things – pages, steps, distances – but there is an instance where all three main players make the same observation. With Jonas, it’s nine words (“I don’t want you to live here anymore”), Eva, three (“I don’t know”) and Henrick, four (“What do you want?”). I’m a little OCD – how many times have you heard someone say that? Well, all of these are. Did you notice the use of the word ‘anymore’ in the quotes by the way? Another way in which the characters are linked. And here’s another way: there are three chapters in the book where we get to see the events in the previous chapter through the eyes of the other party involved. Chapter one is from Eva’s perspective and in the second chapter we get to see the whole scene from her husband’s perspective. I’ve only seen this done once before and that was in John Fowles’ first novel, The Collector, where the first half of the book tells the story from the man’s point of view and then we get the whole thing again from the woman’s, the only difference is that there’s then a wee coda and we find out what happens.
Eight little men in NYC
In addition, Conor will be conducting student workshops from 20 February to 2 March 2012.
Well good morning everyone!
I can pluck the Terra lunch and Pure Wraps experiences from different spots on my recent timeline. And they bring me here. The Pure Wraps whet my appetite for the wrap. But, they don't work well "hot" because of the high coconut oil content. While I am on the precipice of a cleanse...might as well indulge.
15 E.O. No. 292.
These are wonderful examples of what you can do with digital stamps.
“What are you talking about? Of course it is. Her father is paying my way to the White House, and I’m doing my part to help him get me there. Think of it as an arranged marriage with benefits. Her parents do.”
I am fairly new to blogging and am learning more everyday as I read the posts of others. Some of my favorite are Badly Brawn Bible By Jared Hollier, Josh Felts blog - Walk Good, Judy Hall’s blog Simple Words of a Christian Mom and The Life of a Female Bible Warrior by the Warrioress. I have not learned to install links yet, but that is coming.
The full episode, set to premiere on Sunday, covers several other strange addictions documented by the television program including a woman who carries a doll's head wherever she goes and another who finds a need to sniff Pine-Sol cleaning liquid every 15 minutes.
Here is a list of the products I used:
What do YOU do? I know what I would do? I would be straight out of my vehicle to see what shape the person I had struck was in. Minutes, even seconds can mean the difference between life and death. In this case it was death. First cock-up.
^ Photograph taken with 5p peice next to it.. See how thin the Gold is? It seriously is the thickness of a piece of paper.
Much more troubling is Barrionuevo’s refusal to quote any sources with even vaguely flattering things to say about Cristina. One analyst he cites notes that “this election seemed to defy the normal rules of politics,” presumably because of the government’s “corruption and cronyism.” While there is indeed plenty of evidence to warrant these two adjectives (which, for the record, describe just about every government in Argentine history), it seems to me that voters’ willingness to overlook corruption amid record economic growth — and at a time when salary increases are largely keeping pace with real inflation, subsidies have increased, poverty has declined dramatically, and social spending has more than tripled — follows rather than challenges “the normal rules.” Another condemns Argentina’s failure to embrace the sort of macroeconomic policies that favor foreign direct investment; while that’s a legitimate complaint — especially among Argentina’s business class and foreign corporations and governments–the decision to deprioritize long-held debts and, in turn, international investment stands at the heart of the economic “model” that Cristina has touted continuously throughout the campaign, and it evidently didn’t trouble most voters overmuch. A third argues that Argentina’s regional influence has decreased while Brazil’s has increased; I won’t argue with that one. A fourth, already mentioned above, argues that “when the money runs out” due to a predicted economic slowdown next year, “there will be a political reckoning.” This is likely true as well, though it’s worth noting that these predictions are based on probable international developments like lower commodity prices and reduced demand from China and Brazil — and blaming Cristina for these things is like blaming Obama for the European debt crisis.
...that I worry so much about my child, when he is ALWAYS the most sober one there. He is never as bad as Johnny/Craig/Rachel/Mel and in this instance Imran.
congratulations, Milla.please contact us at DCM_enquiries@hotmail.co.uk with your postal details and we'll arrange for your prize to be sent to you.
I’ve learned to live, half-alive
I wish I had the answer. I'd like to say that if both genders valued real connection over one hour stands, then the shift would occur out of necessity. But I can't see that happening as long as people think that "keeping it simple" actually keeps anything simple or creates anything real (except for those STDs, of course-- those you get to keep).
Commerce and trade are still important. Our nation excels at it, but the interests taking priority are financial. America’s last recession was aggravated by a frozen credit market. There is a political debate still raging over the bailouts of General Motors, Chrysler, and major commercial and investment banks. The Federal Reserve is also at the center of the debate, with the central bank’s effectiveness as an influence on the economy under fire.
I thought him half a lunatic, half knave,
AdriN2001: We went to the bar Tues night, and we have always just been friends, like it wasn't anything more
“Gasland” covered the problems of the poisonous air pollution which can cause human beings living nearby to suffer neuropathies, deadened senses of smell and taste, and even brain damage.
He wanted a bow tie. So why not go all out with the tux, the price was the same as the miniature suit on eBay.
Great - but shall we ignore the fact that even so, the gap between men's & women's wages is going in the wrong direction? We never actually did get to parity, even though the rhetoric is that we did and are.
* Tokyo (spending weekend there, gadget inventory expected to be high)
my mother who is 94, continues a slow slide downwards in health and co-operative attitude -
A huge Thank You to everyone who took the time to write to us- we are humbled and honored.
It’s rather unlike me to be so prepared for Mother’s Day, but it’s only Wednesday and I’m already sorted.
It wasn't until today that I remembered what used to happen when I lied, before I learned to be honest, just me, unadorned. I used to feel cared for in a way when I'd get sick or my car would break down after I had lied about it. Like Some One was saying: I won't let you make that mistake.
It’s hard to get those five words out of my head. I need to lose 5 pounds by May 19th. That’s too easy, actually. Twelve days and 5 pounds is about 2 pounds every 4 to 5 days. I know I’ll be bingeing these next two weeks, at least the 12 days will give me some lee-way on it.
In my defense, I had a meso-american civilization class like 4 years ago and the teacher told us one day in class that there are two superstitious times/places that some people believe you can talk to the devil...
Adapted from The Hairy Bikers recipe
Favorite Nicknames- DQ, Tutti Fruitti gummy bear
You just didn't know that it was my family as well because many of you don't know that Wendy is my sister.
+Bonus: Feature Story written about you or your shop/site, to increase YOUR credibility!
About three and a half years ago, your daddy and I decided we wanted to start having children. Then, two months later, I was in the hospital being tested for all kinds of things. They ruled out cancer and a number of other things, but I was diagnosed with lupus and started on massive doses of steroids and a chemo pill. My doctor at the time said it would be at least five years before we could think about having children. Another doctor told me it could never happen because the chemo pill causes infertility.
Tidy.
Fresh egg noodles tossed with julienned spring greens in Thai green curry paste, with a generous sprinkling of my favourite deep-fried shallot garnish
Whipped cream:
**FYI: I added some additional pictures to some of my posts from last week of our time in Lake Orion with my family and our visit to Ann Arbor, so be sure to check them out because there are lots of cute shots of your favorite big-eared dog, Lola Beans! (Also, Cam took a lot of the pictures I added, gotta give credit where it's due!)**
A stormy sky looms over the Forth estuary.
Would you like TWO FREEBIES this week? If so, continue reading! But first... what's NEW this week at The Digi Street?
Before I go for today, I hope all of my followers take advantage of the ridiculous prices on books from BetterWorld books. They do such an amazing job of recycling books, new and used, and all the money goes to literacy programs. If you have a pile of books you'll never read agan, they'll even buy them if they happen to be on their acquisition list. Check them out at Betterworldbooks.com. Tell them I sent you.
Summer vacation is going by quickly-- we're down to just under a month left! It's sort of the stay-at-home mom home stretch. In between mediating argument after argument after argument, I'm working on soul-sucking, never-ending, wholly unappreciated housework. Really, it's no wonder my creative juices haven't been flowing so freely!
I love her, I love her, I lover her!
It's my birthday on Monday and I am thinking about taking a little roadtrip for the weekend with some friends.
hate.
(Dolores feels I may be a bit crazy; you’d think a wife would support her husband and not spend most of the time criticizing.)
The Tildas Town Challenge is going to be a weekly challenge, starting on May 18th at 9am CST (which is 3pm UK time), please feel free to grab our blinkie. Each week there'll be a $15.00 gift certificate for Tilda's Town. Tilda's town offers free world wide delivery, with no minimum order, AND if you spend over $75.00 and use the code TILDA10 you will get 10% off your order, amazing or what?
As the working like a dog fog of the past two weeks fades into the distance I am able to start thinking about all the “free” time I now have and how it will be consumed. I am a junkie freak for activity, the fighter of inertia and must keep up some sort of velocity. I'm a sicko.
Full on this casement shone the wintry moon,
Scroll down past Alex for the answer
These reflections are, as the blog itself, not meant to be done when it is posted. The Mishnah and the study of it take time, so I will return to this post and add to it when the time allows it. And of course I will make sure to notice when the last update was done.
An elongated elegant white silk kimono with a trail, no headgear; it doesn’t stay on- that highlights all of my jewels that I never take off; all worn at once of course. When I move near sunlit areas it makes rainbows like a human chandelier. They call my “Sparky”. No? *A
Legionaire's Disease Band
The other man rolled over onto his back. There was a chunk missing from his side. Two of his lower ribs were obviously broken and protruding from the gaping wound.
P.S. You better believe I’m gonna start using “crunchy” in my everyday vocabulary, if only so I feel like I’m part of an “in” joke with B…
We men – watch Darna for the costume.
In the early days of the church, God still dealt with people this way. Remember Annanias and Sapphira? Paul wrote in Corinthians that some people even died because they at the Lord’s Supper with contempt for the Body of Christ.
It’s time that I stopped running,
And not only that but it sort of flushes this mother with a vague sense of superiority that she is aware of things that her friends in the pub on Friday night are not.
1 ink refill
(4:33-34) With many similar parables Jesus spoke the word to them, as much as they could understand. He did not say anything to them without using a parable. But when he was alone with his own disciples, he explained everything.
When I married my second wife, we soon discovered that our parents had given us some of the same identical childhood books. As we merged our lives along with our household items, we found we both had many of the same record albums (although mine were more scratched-up than hers). There exists a common thread between two people of similar age that is often built from nothing more profound than simply being on the planet at the same time and place. Hef may be able to recall what he was doing the day John Kennedy was shot; but likely his current girlfriends’ parents probably were not even born yet.
adobo……………Back in the Philippines, When we had a really tight budget and still want to eat a simple and great dish. We go for this dish. Just imagine a bundle of kangkong leaves( swamp cabbage or river spinach) is only priced at P5.00 or equivalent to 0.15 cents NZD you will have a health green leafy dish. Its a dish just flavoured with ingredients thats always present in our cup board, these are garlic, onion, soy sauce and salt and pepper. I think every kitchen has these type of ingredients……………………. Did you know that kangkong or river spinach. This plant is rich in iron, calcium, phosphorus, carotene, sitosterol, protein, vitamins A, B1 and C and has a lot of health beneficial amino acids. Other pharmacological effects includes antitoxin, laxative, anti-inflammatory, diuretic, homeostatic and sedatives (sleeping effects). Water or river spinach has a good effect in the intestines as it has purgative properties because of its fiber content. It also acts as insulin-like properties to control blood sugar for diabetes prevention.
“Kids these days are really good at spotting bad CGI or prosthetics, so we can’t do anything substandard. One flick of the remote and you go from Doctor Who to Harry Potter. We’ve got to compete at that level, on a hundredth of the budget.”
This free range conversation—especially when combined with ready interaction with Google—is a core element of unschooling, since it is in exactly that type of conversation that we weave the web of learning, making connections between apparently disparate subjects (even Dr. Hook to trademark law!) and providing the foundation for future learning. Sometimes the connections are conscious—"Oh! That reminds me of..."—and sometimes they're not—I can't remember how the 9s multiplication tables fit in there—but they are always effortless and uniquely our own and fun. And that makes all the difference.
♥Linsey
Road warriors come out for a trip to Foxboro against New England on 10/21.
Our lovely, fruity cake for this weekend is the Apricot and Almond Tart. It came out as the winner of the new voting cycle on our Facebook page. The original recipe calls it a "home-made cake" which I found somewhat boring (all my cakes are home-made) and re-christened it a tart. It is a tart, as it has a crust and a topping and some fruits inside. Not just any fruit - lovely, juicy, fragrant apricots that are in season as we speak! A touch of vanilla, a breeze of cardamom and you have a dream come true!
you feel angry
Before they got too far into removing coats and settling in. I asked if they were sure they wanted to do this tonight. Santa hadn't come yet, the food could easily be wrapped up and saved for the next day, we could just postpone. I think Ratchlet was a bit tempted (she was worried about leaving the dog), but M-t-G was dead set against leaving. "But it's Christmas!" she wailed (after all, she's only 9.) TA said, "It's just a sore throat." (He's not 9, but he is a guy! They tough it out!) So the consensus was on with the show! Oh Goodie!!
Here are the rules for accepting this award:
"The Rabbit & The Lion" has clear jangle to the guitar and a choppier rhythm that's searching for a larger loop to appear. Tis one has this vague ominous religious feel talking about a rabbit or a lion. This one has a bunch of big, together changes that are almost showing off! Distortions of all flavors poking through for a second ....made by a nice bunch of people.
You still love your activity mat and your swing
Now…back to our regularly scheduled posts……
Commitments:
I mean if you are thinking, this is so painful that I want to die, then why on earth would you care about what you eat?
let my sacred essence sing,
“Out of the most severe trial, their overflowing joy and their extreme poverty welled up in rich generosity.” – 2 Corinthians 8:2
About a month later I awaked from a very vivid dream and I wept in the arms of my girlfriend. Something had broken deep inside and although I didn’t know it at the time, Yashua/Jesus was beginning to do a work on me.
Dinner was an obvious choice – the Braised Beef Short Ribs with potato puree and reduction. I have searched all over the Central Coast and have found very few short rib entrees that measure up. This one is always perfectly seasoned, big thick chunks of largely unfatty meat, without the gaminess of some. Moist, delicious, a dab of sauce, heaped like imposing clouds on the horizon over a sea of creamy potatoes that are also perfectly seasoned. They always seem to get this one right.
rice—something that was new to us. The resulting loaf has, as Hensperger describes, a “nubbly” texture and a
Avery Brewing Company Hog Heaven Barley Wine
Oh, I think I got drunk a little,,,I only had a can of CHU-HI with writing this. I never get drunk only a couples of cans of CHU-HI, strange.(－－〆)
I walked out of the room the other day, and when I walked back in he had covered her up with a blanket and put several burp cloths on her head.
I enjoy his Tweets daily. He often Tweets random shots of information that I like to repeat to my family in a clever fashion. For example, he Tweeted that you have to get permission from both countries before being allowed to tightrope across Niagara Falls. That’s cool stuff to spout out, if you ask me.
Evidence Gatherer#1: Jenn James
Submerge Says Dance, hosted by Shubs is all about giving you a taste of India’s burgeoning EDM scene. Every show will get you introduced to the creme de la creme of India’s dance scene. Hour one features the resident DJ Mix and Hour 2 is the Guest Mix Hour.
I am pretty prone to injury, whether it’s getting hit in the face with a softball or just falling off a curb because I’m too busy laughing hysterically, it happens on a regular basis. On top of my clumsiness, I have JRA or Juvenile Rheumatoid Arthrits. So I’ve had this little burden since I was three, which means I have to be a little more careful than others concerning how hard I push myself and what exercises I can do. Even worse, I was in a car accident when I was 17 and slammed my right knee into the steering wheel, not the best of times my friends. After many a cortizone shot and physical therapy I was pretty good to go, but became stagnant as I do, which is the worst thing anyone with arthritis or any kind of joint problems can do because the more still we are, the more flare-ups we get.
Even though it doesn’t feel like it, spring is technically here! To me May means flowers, picnics, barbequing, and opening our pool. It also means putting away the winter coats for good and being able to run outside in a comfortable environment. I love hitting the sidewalk in the morning and not shivering for the first 15 minutes of my workout. Today I ran 4 miles in 40 minutes; score! I was super sore from my Jillian Michaels abs tape yesterday, so I didn’t know how long I would last. Somehow I managed to keep telling myself how strong I was and how good I would feel if I pushed through the run anytime I felt like quitting.
"We were cheated a little bit. But with the music and what I learned, it doesn't matter. I have no regrets."
-I should have painted the mirror first
yay it’s friday and it’s after 5. here is a recipe for a little cocktail i put together. i love all varieties of gin fizzes and for this one i added a few grapes for a new twist on it.
I'm currently long on AMZN@ 114.88 mainly because of the short interest which I estimate to be approximately 1.7(?) - 1.9 as at 15/06/10 so good chance of a short squeeze. Hair raising drop of 80 pips and didn't have the heart to buy in again which is a shame.
Larry
Join in a guided small group tour of the show and further shopping, dining and music in Nashville, Tennessee.
4. In about 30-60 seconds the sound of the motor will change and four mounds should form.
For the first few decades after Mao’s 1949 revolution, the children of Communist chieftains were largely out of sight, growing up in walled compounds and attending elite schools such as the Beijing No. 4 Boys’ High School, where the elder Mr. Bo and several other current leaders studied.
and lonliness embraces..
This has been recognized and understood by masses of people. But for some ideological concerns, a handful of Darwinists close their eyes to facts.
Replays of the conference call can be accessed through 2 p.m. March 1, by dialing (888) 203-1112 or (719) 457-0820 plus the passcode 1032754#.
Perry, he is from Cicago, IL (not 45 mins from Kenosha). He is a photographer who photographed Chicago's Burlesque sweetheart, Michelle l'Amore when she first started to perform. A job moved him out to Phoenix, AZ about 5 years ago. It was at a Deke Dickerson Show he met another Burlesque performer. Perhaps you've heard of her... Miss Lolita Haze. New in town, Perry chatted up Miss Haze and they realized they both knew Michelle. The next day he emailed Haze, but she never emailed him back.
5. I was completely uneducated about food. Besides knowing that a hot dog was 5 points on weight watchers, I had no idea why it was. I didn’t know what was it in, if it had any vitamins or minerals or if it was just pure fat. I figured that all food was just for calories so as long as you watched calories you were all set.
V. BIGFOOT AND THE WILDMEN
1 looping
3. If so is this amendment compatible with the information society directive, especially exhaustive list of limitation and exceptions and the three step test?
The designer paper I used is from the Stampin-Up "sweet shop collection" and the in-color pattern pack.
As I had already created the dandelion and stem, I thought it would give the finished piece an added dimension if I also made that part of the logo wearable and so I attached a brooch/bail to the back of the dandelion so that it can be pinned to the bag, or removed and worn as either a necklace or a brooch.
Add dimension to the daffodils by stamping them twice then cutting out the center part of one to put up on a pop dot over the other image, the center will now look dimensional.
I would consider series ideas but I’d need to be convinced by the writing as well as the concept. Series are a big commitment – I think if you are a debut author starting with this is choosing a more difficult path. Please note, I didn’t take my own advice!
Nottingham plays up its connection to Robin Hood, although he really only came here in raids – surely they should make more of their infamous Sheriff. Maybe a Sheriff Trail rather than a Robin Hood Trail (which doesn’t really relate to any of the buildings it is traced around).
When I was putting together the interview with Brad at Loud and Clear I included a track from this Chairs Missing single that I haven't been able to get out of my head...and what's gong on with these guys? Aside form this facebook page I'm sure people are waiting for a longer full length...(wait no more, should be done in about a week - ed). It's that swirls psych-pop that sounds like...well....not to plug my own release, but the Ceiling Stares / Super Vacations split...super melodic layered fuzz, on the border of so catchy you could almost move around to it, but at least have to hear it again.
It was a great morning. Landon zoomed around from exhibit to exhibit, excitedly calling out everything he was seeing. At nearly 5 he definitely pushes a few more buttons than he used to, and we've had some actual rebellion in the last two months, but I do just adore his sweetness, especially when we're doing something special. He noted a snow cone truck with the same excitement he noted everything- from real live lions to a common bush with a pretty white flower. I happen to have a weakness for snowcones, so I told him we could get one, and he turned to look at me with eyes aglow and said very seriously, "mommy, this is my most favorite day ever."
In my medical experience as well as in my own life, I have again and again been faced with the mystery of love and have never been able to explain what it is…Here is the greatest and the smallest, the remotest and the nearest, the highest and the lowest and we cannot discuss one side of it without discussing the other. No language is adequate to this paradox. Whatever one can say, no words express the whole. To speak of partial aspects is always too much or too little for only the whole is meaningful. Love “bears all things” and “endures all things”. These words say all there is to be said. Nothing can be added to them.
I had a workshop Friday night, after all of this happened, and I could not get or stay inside my body. Thankfully it was an authentic movement workshop, so there was movement involved and I could bypass that weird floaty feeling I got when we were grounding. But it freaked me out; I felt once more like I had no gravity center, like I was just going to drift away.
I'm hoping that I'm a combination of BOTH of my loving grandmothers when it comes to the memories I create with my two grandchildren. I want Jonas and Paisley to know the following ...
Many speakers do not take this approach to the passage. Instead, they focus on another person entirely: Melchizedek. He is a very mysterious character mentioned to be a king and a priest of God. How could this be? The priesthood had not even been established yet. The Mosaic Law had not been given. How could he be a priest? Also, how is it that Melchizedek could be a follower of God and not be a part of Abram’s family? Abram even acknowledges Melchizedek’s spiritual superiority by accepting his blessing and giving him a tithe.
Saturday was the monthly meeting of Stitchin' Friends - my quilt club. This is my favorite day of the month as we always have so much fun and it is just good to have that time of fellowship.
The Left Brain: The masculine, the creator, the task master, the builder, the guardian of duality, the protector.
schooling. Out-of-country field trips are common in grade 9.
It’s all good though because the school is obviously looking to do away with one of the better mascots, Chief Osceola (seen below) sometime in the future.
If you need or want to turn off the route or you want to simply turn around to go back the other way, look before you do it. There’s probably someone right behind you to your left or right and you don’t want to cut them off. If needed, signal your “turn” by using the standard hand signals. It might seem a little dorky, but those other people riding near you will appreciate it.
Orme Sight is a very striking sculpture by Thompson Dagnall. It is one of a number of installations to be found along the Sculpture Trail in Beacon Fell Country Park. Originally, you could look through the eye of the statue from behind and see Great Orme on the North Wales coast, provided it was a clear day! Sadly, the hole has been blocked due to vandalism.
I remember that after I wrote a paper in Evolution on Sewall Wright’s shifting balance theory with my colleagues Michael Turelli and Nick Barton—a paper that severely attacked an extremely popular and influential evolutionary theory concocted by one of Crow’s friends and Wisconsin colleagues—Jim wrote me a nice note saying that he thought we were right, and that Sewall had been misguided all along (Wright was dead by then, of course)! That was a nice boost for a young faculty member.
It is in the masters that Nietzsche sees a true ability to “love one’s enemies” and the masters respect a worthy enemy. A worthy enemy is a mark of distinction, only a fellow master could truly be their enemy: the slaves are beneath their consideration, and thus not really enemies at all.
As an update on the sugar cane, I am not sure it is going to grow at all. It may grow all over the world, but I don't think it likes our clay soil. sigh.....
Well I don't know who pinched my mojo but they have now returned it and hopefully I am back on form.
Coat your hands with olive oil and start kneading the dough in the bowl for around 5 minutes. It will be annoyingly sticky, but the focaccia will taste amazing. PERSEVERE! Be prepared to add more olive oil and wash your hands often!
“Not as good as me,” I said, fingering the hem of her t-shirt where it followed the curve of her thigh. “You probably didn’t tell her I get to do this…”
839 D-IX/23/1982. “Seneca’s Hippolytus: On Getting It All Together.” Basic Program Staff Seminar, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois.
I've been reading the comments to the article and it appears the story is a little more complicated than the reporter in the Edmonton Sun makes it out to be. I recommend you read the comments as well and if you do see if you can spot the company shill providing spin to the issue.
Chapkin 1
Burger King Chicken Fries
On sale dates for the remainder of the first round of concerts scheduled at The Hollywood Palladium are listed below.
I probably had 5 or 6 naps when Gammy came knocking on the door with more presents for me and some homemade treats! I shared the presents and the treats with Magic, because I was feeling generous today.
But in Los Angeles, when the rains come, they shuffle like turtles, crawling slowly from the North. The dark clouds grow darker over several days, hanging over the mountains and moving down at an elephantine pace… sparingly, hesitatingly, and with no great enthusiasm for a parched friend, they drop sparse water drops and move on.
There is a deepening in the detachment. Freed from thinking about how to present an idea in an instant, the silence begins to have its way with me.
“We saved the NHS. We rebuilt schools. We cut crime. We took half a million children out of poverty.
