INTERNeX International Exchange
I tried to keep my project slightly masculine. I don’t do masculine very well. There’s more detail on my blog AJ’s Designs.
send us a miracle, if this is what you desire.
Now, there are some debates regarding how accurate an Alexa ranking is, and what traffic factors influence it. I have heard it skews towards tech based blogs (which wouldn’t apply here unless whiskey is made by robots). I also know it has to do with how your blog is found and from how many sources. In the end, my traffic has doubled every month thanks to all of you out there and my ranking has dropped from the high 3 million range down to #192,940 (as of right now). I still have a lot of work to do if I want to steal the number one spot from Google.
Not much to rant about today - all I did was cycle the long way home again. My god, I cycled nearly 200km in January, that seems ridiculous. The real reason I cycled the long way home today though is that it has been weeks since I cycled up the c***ing hill, because the "long way round" route comes in at the top of the hill not the bottom. So I cycled a whole 4 extra km just to avoid the hill at the end. Logically I've actually done more hill, but it didn't seem so scary.
A huge brown shape exploded out of the water and up onto the rocks with a roar. Even in seal form, the bull towered over her. Two others flanked him, shedding their skins to reveal giant, naked, grim-faced men with wicked-looking tridents. Storm rolled over onto his back. The black Were crouched down, curled a lip and backed away. The lead bull shook off his skin and became an equally nude, sable-haired man with proud, aristocratic features. He’d a commanding presence that made her first reaction one of wanting to cower at his feet.
For my sample, I've used Footy Luka from La La Land Crafts. This little dude comes with a plain jersey, but since I love my boys in Red and Black, I've drawn in a sash with a .3mm multiliner to create an Essendon Bombers football uniform! :) Personally I think he turned out a little like Hirdy which is perfectly fine with me!! LOL!! However, I can see that I will be drawing in vertical stripes and colouring them black and white (Collingwood for the FIL) or yellow and brown (Hawthorn for my Dad) - don't you just love the versatility! What team do YOU go for??? :)
Smothered Pork Chops
Through Christ our Lord. Amen.
Mom was sobbing by the time she finished her “Oh my God!”
Tel: 6341 9188
One of the cornerstones of Czech cooking is dumplings - bread dumplings, yeasted dumplings, potato dumplings, fruit dumplings, dumplings with bacon, and on and on. So it seemed natural that my descent into Czech cooking begin with this mass of flour and carbohydrates. Most families here don't make dumplings anymore, as they are quite cheap to buy mass-produced ones in the shops. Some have told me they buy them from their local pub, which makes them from scratch. When I confessed my upcoming dumpling adventure to some, the men seemed impressed (thought I was being a good wifey to the Czech hubs), and the women said they remember making them with their mums years ago and I should definitely give it a shot.
4 cups cooked white rice
Ultimately, Peter overcomes the issue with his powers, fights Doc Ock a couple of times before their final battle. Doc Ock kidnaps Mary Jane to goad Spider-Man to show. In their battle, Peter appeals to the scientist he so admired who wanted to improve lives. He succeeds and Doc sacrifices himself to destroy the world threatening experiment. Mary Jane discovers that Peter Parker is Spider-Man. She runs off on her wedding day and confesses her love to Peter. All is happy. Except for Doc Ock who is dead.
If you’re looking for a heads up on this, Brownie is the voice of reason. One of the reasons I created her character was for clear vision. She sees people as theyare, not as they portray themselves to be. If Brownie don’t like them, they’re probably up to no good.
Hugs Sylvia
Bersih has only three demands:
An isolated incident, say the optimists anchored in the belief of a greater good and surely one that does not reflect Sri Lanka’s Buddhist virtue and humility.
“‘Ara vos prec per aquella valor
So get to it. I’m too lazy and already a member of too many forums, so I’m not joining the ones over at NBI. But yes, you should start a blog. And there is really only one piece of advice you need. Write steadily, somewhere between 1 and 3 times a week. Do it for a year, and people will find you. Do it for two years, and people will recognize you. Do it for three years, and you’ll be a veteran like most of the people on those forums giving advice.
We are rooted together in this struggle, and rooted together we will stand or we will fall. And if Israel falls then the consequences for the West will be both horrific and cataclysmic. We cannot, we must not, and we will not allow this to happen. Long live Western Civilisation. Long live Israel!
My father and grandfather were perfumers and sampling strips of sandalwood
The other great thing that I have earned from blogging is the connection with other bloggers. Across the World Wide Web (quicker and easier than saying WWW), I’ve found that there is a fantastic community of contributors worth paying attention to. I’ve come across many by accident and a few thanks to twitter.
3.) Its host park has a “sister” on the eastern coast.
The companies buying the land, most of which are American, European or Chinese, seem to have rather loose guidelines when it comes to negotiating leases with the governments. This allows them to take advantage of the local authorities’ keenness to sell, due to poverty and corruption, and therefore normally ends up with the nation getting a less than satisfactory deal.
Dr. Ewart comes in and is the complete professional and all business, which of course makes me more uncomfortable. Sarcasm sets me at ease and he is pretty straight laced. We decide on a size and schedule surgery.
5. Witch Hunt 4:49
were a Zulu, he could still shed his tribal identity and diss the head
It’s a fun ride with the right amount of self-referential humour that I love but I guess some people find a little tacky. That said, the action sequences where pretty badass even if they did venture into the supremely ridiculous from time to time. Let’s just say, I wasn’t too fazed until the fighter jet came along and fought Bruce Willis mano-a-mano. Yeeeeaaaaahhh…
Pretty sure the look says it all.
* got about halfway, road-rash settling in nicely thanks for asking, took the train at Somerset.
We are too much persuaded that we are the solid ones, and the internet is the home of ephemerality.
from UNESCO – the UN educational, scientific and cultural organisation
“For whom, it suddenly occurred to him to wonder, was he writing this diary? For the future, for the unborn? … For the first time the magnitude of what he had undertaken came home to him. How could you communicate with the future? It was of its nature impossible. Either the future would resemble the present in which case it would not listen to him, or it would be different from it, and his predicament would be meaningless.” - Winston Smith, from Orwell’s 1984
Thursday morning was an early one for the hot air balloon ride. Up at 5:30 a.m. as we had to be at the launch site by 7:00. It was clear. The sun wasn't even up yet, but the eastern horizon was lightening and you could not see a cloud anywhere. The balloon ride was a blast and both the MoS and I agreed that it is something we would love to do again. Perhaps a sunset flight the next time.
By the mid sixties the beat boom had run its course. Skiffle had evolved into rock n roll, which had then evolved into beat music.
Yesterday started off great and continued into the night. A phone conversation with a dear friend with lots of laughter is most certainly a great beginning to any day I'm sure you would agree. Although I was exhausted afterward from laughter, I headed to moms to plant her flowers which I didn't get to the day before. Mom's back has been bothering her again and she has to take breaks when walking now. I don't think beach walks will be as frequent for her this year. I see another chapter closing and it saddens me however we do have the flower garden to chatter about while sitting on her front deck. While I was planting I walked through the older garden I made for her years ago and gathered some Hostas and other perennials to transplant closer, within her view from the deck. I can't wait to give her the Arbor for Mother's Day so DH is going to install it this evening. I think I will put her bench somewhere near it so she can walk through the little garden and view it from the other end while resting. It is getting pretty full, something she has never had to enjoy before as her plantings were scattered throughout the two acre front yard. I have her water fountain set up by a tree and two starts of wisteria which will be trained over the arbor. It is a start, but I wish it were more established so she could enjoy what I envision it to be in a few years.
raising a martini glass to miserable desperation
No problem, I thought. I’ll just get someone’s coffee tomorrow. Only, I realized that this is actually quite difficult and awkward in practice. Since I’m too shy/lack the physical stature to do what my Gifter did and hand the money over the person, I considered leaving my barrista with enough money to pay for the person in line behind me. But then, they’d always go and order a Double Venti Carmel Macchiato, a banana chocolate chip loaf, The Opus Collection by Billy Joel and an Ethos Water, and instead of $2, we’re looking at $117.84… and I didn’t sign on for that shit. Plus, then I started getting all particular and snobby about who I was going to bestow my act upon- sizing up my potential candidates, mostly dependent on his/her outfit (I’m extremely shallow)… thus eliminating the whole “random” aspect of it entirely.
When you join Stampin' Up!, the choice is yours to put together a kit with any of our current high-quality products--you can choose up to $125 worth of any Stampin' Up! products! You’ll also receive a business supplies pack (valued at $65) to create a kit with a total value of $190 that still ships for FREE!
Because these things are true, David says he will take refuge in God (v. 1), he will petition God (v. 2), he will remain firm and resolute (steadfast) in his commitment to God (v. 7), he will sing the praises of God (vv. 7, 9), he will thank God (v. 9), and he will honor and glorify God (v. 11). Now his trials may not yet be over; yet in the midst of the trials, the Psalmist re-orients his mind and heart to thinking on and trusting the grace and sovereignty of God rather than his perception of his trouble.
That night, we went to dinner with our friends Mike & Amanda. Mike's birthday is today (happy birthday, Mike!), so it was an early birthday celebration. It was also a great opportunity to unload those last few cupcakes. Success!
Last week I asked fans on the Menus, Meals and More Facebook page to tell me how much they normally spend on fast food or fast casual meals.The average cost for a family of 4 to grab some fast food is around $20. If you decide to go to a fast sit down restaurant the price goes up to $30-$40 easily. Many families end up eating out more than once a week. In fact the average American family eats out over 4 times a week!
3) If someone asks about job, say “tea” and then ask him or her to dance
I am now back at the hospital and by her bedside. She looks and sounds SO much better! Dr. King and case manager Tami came by before they left for the day. Dr. King said that it will be at least 1 to 2 days before we get the results from the incision culture and the blood culture. If the infection is in the blood, we could be looking at months of serious antibiotics and a tougher bug to kill. If it is a local infection in her wound, we are looking at 1 to 2 weeks of antibiotics. Either way, we will be here for AT LEAST another week... if not longer.
PS 24:1;
Complicated and complex
The Prime Minister pledged to make Britain “a lot less” tolerant towards Islamic extremists who whip up hatred against the West.
“North. Camping trip.” Seth answered, unsure of the total truth in his words.
pointing in directions
Thrilling game. We took this D2 school to the wire and messed around and won a 95 yard touchdown. I'm getting a beer.
and the discernment of the discerning I will thwart.”
Then once I decided not to be as literal, I started looking at the photo in a different way...I was then inspired by the pops of red against the light blue, the patterns of the outfits and how they contrasted so beautiful, the sprinkling of the little gold and green circles along the floor,...and I was inspired...I knew exactly what I was going to do.
I passed screams, I passed sobs.
Speaking of Christmas gifts, I thought I'd do y'all a favor and do some shopping consulting for you. Some people call it "personal shopping," but since I didn't actually make the purchase and am only providing some REALLY awesome options for you to act upon (or not), I think I'll call it "consulting" and charge you 10 times as much for my services.
To its creators Merdeka was never a project to found a political order of dubious legitimacy.
The frosting was definitely full of black sesame taste and was thick and nice. Would love it if the cupcake had a stronger black sesame taste which would definitely complement the frosting much better I feel!
Before they get started, the men engage in idle chit-chat – getting to know you stuff as their various personalities begin to emerge. During a preliminary vote, everyone says the kid is guilty except for one man (Henry Fonda) who doesn’t want to condemn him to death until they talk about it. As he points out, suppose they’re wrong. Each man says why they think the teenager is guilty and some range from flimsy (“I just think he’s guilty.”) to logical (E.G. Marshall) to opinionated (Lee J. Cobb) but no one can convince the dissenting juror who makes some pretty good points. The juror isn’t saying that the boy is guilty, just that he’s not sure that he did it. The longer they stay sequestered in that hot room, the more tempers flare up as their prejudices come to bear and the dissenting juror begins to garner support with his rational dissection of the evidence and the testimony from the case.
My rating: 9/10 fishmuffins
Table mountain looks a lot bigger at sea level. Once you wangle your way up to where the cable cars are, its not that high and can be walked up in approximately 2 hrs I believe. Weather didn’t allow such an adventure. But I have caught a cold and wasn’t up for too much missioning. Nurofen only gets you so far before you need more.
(512) Brewing is still awaiting final TABC approval before selling to the public.
We traveled with the only other family we know here in NH, a friend Paul has had since college. His friend thankfully has two girls and Sierra and their oldest have been inseparable within seconds of our arrival here. I am sure this accounts for 80% of Sierra's happiness here in NH.
$3. Children ages 15 and younger get in free. 8 a.m. to 3 p.m. 21st Street between W and X Streets, under the freeway. 916-600-9770
Is all this human twittering in any meaningful sense crazy? Not, I'd argue, if you see it for what it is - but if it's considered to be an advance of some kind in the sphere of human relatedness, that has to be nuts. I spent a great deal of the 1970s avoiding bores with slide carousels who wanted their holiday slides writ large on suburban walls - why on earth would I want to reacquaint myself with such tedium in the form of Facebook's petabytes of snapshots? I think it was the anthropologist Robin Dunbar - one of the proponents of the "social mind" conception of human cognitive evolution - who theorised that language developed as an outgrowth of the group cohesion that other great apes cement by picking parasites from each other's fur.
2010.07.24 Iraq Mosul 2 18 A shooting and a bombing at a store, leave two people dead.
I’ve just added a few of my old copies of Sew Hip onto The Fabric Market Place. They’re all priced at £1.50 with £1.50 P&P. I’m trying to get organised and need to make some room so I can buy new magazines!
The trial was set to proceed in three phases, with the copyright morass constituting only the first wave. Next up is the patent stage—whether Google has infringed two Java–related patents—followed by a trial on damages.
Is that where you are? How much of God’s Word are you able to comprehend and apprehend? Can you bear the meat of God’s Word? I have observed there are a great number of Christians who are content with salvation. A pastor once told me, “In our church we do not worry about doctrine; we jut love Jesus.” I was grieved with that statement. If you love Christ you would naturally want to know al you could of Him, wouldn’t you? That would necessitate the study of Biblical doctrine. How else can you grow up in the Lord?
"What other forms?
811 ***D-IV/26(A)/1981. “On the Hunting of Witches Today.” Des Peres Presbyterian Church, St. Louis, Missouri. (Incorporated in Item B-5, above, pp. 319-26 (1992).)
We were both hot and tired!
- 3 links of Chinese sausage, thinly sliced
This comes in the form of news of the US equivalent of FRES, the so-called FCS concept, based on an American version of the Piranha known as the Stryker. The US Army, in this respect, is much further advanced than the British and had an experimental Stryker Brigade deployed in Iraq in 2003.
But I hear him coughing all night long
Coloring: SU Markers (old Olive, always artichoke, brilliant blue, chocolate chip)
“Sybille”, full name is not known and prefers to remain so and to be known only as “Sybille” from blogspot.com
Matthew 25:14-30
Alyson
I will be back tomorrow with another card creation!
Well, there’s a bright Archdeacon. You suspend a voluntary and highly-experienced Lay Reader at a time the church has no vicar in order to sustain an illusory unity. Mr Gowlland is not merely a Reader of 50 years’ standing; he has a Diploma in Theology; taught A-level RS for 20 years; and was a headmaster for 24 years. He has been informed that the issue is not with his support for the biblical view of marriage, but with the way he introduced the subject and petition which were ‘bounced’ on his colleagues ‘without prior discussion’. For this reason, the Venerable (acting) Barry Goodwin has ‘withdrawn’ Mr Gowlland from preaching and leading worship for two months. This is not, however, a suspension.
want, what keeps them from confronting the problems and/or admitting
I run off
On Friday I tried really hard to manipulate him into thinking my backside didn't need any attention. Even pulled the old fall asleep on the couch trick. (Honestly, I was kinda sleepy.) He was going to let it slide and tried putting me to bed. Of course the moment that he mentioned that I was off the hook, I got my second wind, turned on my bedside light and started looking through some work stuff.
of Picayunes, and a NEW YORK POST with her face on it
You gave everything sense.
Carrie Ann: I’m not a mom, so I was a little worried about some of the milestones with Finn. But my CP and office mates at work are all moms and helped me out!
and without further adieu - here's the first do-over:
Frederick's Flying Dog Ales and Scotland's BrewDog are "collaborating" on a joint beer-brewing challenge: Both will be brewing an IPA with NO hops. That's right, zero international bittering units, at least hop-wise.
Sir John Chilcot: Good morning, prime minister. Perhaps we could start at the beginning… when you first heard of plans to invade Iraq?
1. Mince or chop the zucchini, peach, onion and peppers, and finely chop the cilantro. (I find the food processor to be the quickest and most efficient way to mince most everything but be careful not to over process the peach & cilantro.) Add to a 3 quart of larger stockpot.
Silly, it’s easy! We just print some more money! Don’t try this at home!
We've all seen it happen.
The book ends much like the 1983 film Krull, mentioned above. Shandy confronts his uncle, uses his resemblance to his father and his uncle's belief in voodoo to cause the evil uncle (who is a minor character at best) to get his comeuppance, then fights the resurrect voodoo powered Blackbeard (in new bald head disguise) not once, but twice (like a video game final boss) to save the woman that he decided he loves while he was shagging Anne Bonney on a New Providence beach. Yeah, that Anne Bonney.
Once, while victoriously travelling the world, he heroically used his power to arrest Kali, a low class man in the form of a king who was destroying the legs of a cow-couple.
I sit now alone in our temporary home in our newly found place called Home and my heart twists a bit because they are down with their daddy, finishing touches on the Old Home to make it ready for a new family. We spent 5 days together there to revisit, reconnect, reaffirm and celebrate what we are, where we have been with them. I laid with them in their once-ago room on an air mattress and we talked ourselves to sleep. We woke to the same light that bathed them so many of the photos in our archives, light I know, light I love.
It was my best wedding ever.
What we are talking about, outside of the religious connotations, is a redefinition of marriage. Marriage is not a civil right, despite what people want to say. Yes, it is a benefit that has been awarded to a select group of people, but it is not an entitlement to all people. This is a legal contract, so the government automatically prohibits minors and those with mental deficiencies from taking part in it. Are we not discriminating towards them by not allowing these groups of people to marry as well? When you are looking at the claims of legalized discrimination, ask where those who oppose this amendment stand on polygamy and why marriage should be limited as a union between only two people? If the desire is to remove all discrimination from marriage, then why is this being made about same sex attraction and not all parties who are forbidden to have a legally binding marriage?
Forget Love for Now (Japan…Hiroshi Shimizu)
Mr. Khair himself attended college in the US and explained that even though the show has a “modern flavor,” he wasn’t trying to push any particular social agenda and was merely meeting the demands of viewers. “Personally speaking I would love for us all to be more liberal; I would love to have religion separated from government,” he said. “That’s just me. I’m not trying to translate my ideas into a series then pass them on to people. People want to be more liberal; they want to be more aspiring.”
Judge Davis disagreed, stating that formal research institutions may avail themselves of injunctive relief when their patents are infringed.
Engaging clients to stay top of mind. When a client comes into your business, what information do you obtain from your clients: full name, mobile phone, email, birthday, and anniversary, are you on Foursquare? What is your Twitter name? Are you on Pnterest? Do you check in by Facebook places or Foursquare? How do you want the business to stay in touch?
I stood in that stupid nature store with unstoppable tears. My brother and my father stood at the exit and waved at me. I shushed them away. Knowing my history, they probably thought I was fighting.
i am thinking of doing some kind of garland with string, ribbon, etc...it just hasn't quiiiiiiite hit me what i should do. stay tuned! (i'm sure you are all on the edges of your seats)
And if the Council, one day, want to send the cops in to arrest the volunteers for feeding the hungry and dispossessed of Brighton because its bad for Brighton's image, then let them do that. I'd happily go to jail for that. Words cannot describe the ignorance of these Council busy bodies. Words cannot describe the corruption and wickedness of the Council. It is high time that those who are charged with the duty to care for and house those sleeping on the beach in Brighton are brought face to face with those who they neglect, with those they ignore, with those who they persecute, with those who they despise for no reason other than out of mere prejudice, suspicion, ignorance and fear! Health and safety!? Like the Council give a flying one about the 'health and safety' of the homeless of Brighton. Most of them wake up with their faces on the floor surrounded by piss every morning. Dear Brighton and Hove City Council. If you're really concerned about the 'health and safety' of the homeless of Brighton then house them and feed them!
Release Day is finally here! After a week of show and tell :) Tonight I get to share with you "I've got UR back". It is so fun to play with those oversized chunky letters. There are a lot of great combos of sentiments in this set to work with the UR.
Here are the details about the upcoming release on April 3rd at 10 PM EST:
After the lunch we ordered tea and chocolate cake.
soap bubble, or feathery dandelion seed that parachutes off into the unknown, carried off in the currents around the planet. However, although they fly off they’re still present on my computer screen in this strange process – they remain personal and yet totally impersonal in their dispersal. I do wish that mine had met with some reaction; they all seem to meet a great resounding silence. Well, I suppose that means I can just carry on as ever, in my own private soap bubble,
Nothing else I see.
This book is highly rated, people loved this book, I just wasn’t one of them. I posed the question Is it still a good book if its well written but hate the cast? Some of my friends said yes, with the exception of one (who I kind of agree with). Here’s another way to look at it: I’m going to take you to a place, these guys have some wonderful stories, and they are convicted thieves, con-artists, rapists, and murderers. It’s at a prison would you still want to go? Now the book isn’t a prison, but it is a good story of thieves, con-artists, rapists, and murderers.
The girls who just want to have fun are not capable of being Nanette-like at this point. Jess fell for Ramon and only Ramon. She’s not after pleasure or anything worldly in the gay bar. Neither is Ella. Ella appreciates beefcakes and would love to look at one beefcake after another but that’s that. Touch ‘em a little, sure. Nothing Nanette-like though.
or despised, raised up or lowered to be one above or below another.
I wanted to do an update on this beer because this bottle is so much different from the one I reviewed about a month ago. Even though it came from the same six pack, and went into the same glass...
Kiss – Prince
I'm always looking for new ideas for nail art so I asked my lovely sisters to send me some inspiration a few weeks ago. One of the things Ashley passed along was this post about the ikat trend. It didn't really catch my attention at first. Later I ran across these fun ikat nails by Candice of Mr. Candiipants. She has a great tutorial video!
“He had an odd autobiographical habit which led him to compose in his mind from time to time a short sentence about himself containing a subject in the third person and a predicate in the past tense.”
By 2050, Americans will look different. The infusion of Asians and Hispanics will lead to a new kind of American civilization that will exist “across the entirety of human cultures and racial types. No other advanced populous country will enjoy this kind of ethnic diversity.”
This month has become the designated cookie month for many who have children, love baking for the holidays, and well, love cookies. At the same time I’ve been looking for something different for a Yuletide dessert, although I assure you cookies are definitely in the making. Alton Brown from Good Eats did a particularly festive episode titled “Twas the Night Before Good Eats,” and inspired me to have the Holiday Spirit in recipes other than in cookie form. Cassie from the amazing blog Back to Her Roots also inspired me with her sugar plums recipe, whose ratio I’ve used as the base for my creation.
Instead, at least three more Obama volunteers showed up — only to find their own office abandoned for the evening. Apparently, they hadn’t been notified of the cancellation. I gave them all flyers, and gave some extra ones to a volunteer captain who assured me all her friends at the meeting she was going to next would want the information.
You see, I'm stressed. June - August was an overwhelmingly CRAZY (with capital letters and many exclamation marks) time for me, and if you know me, I can honestly handle a large amount of stress. So when I say I am overwhelmed, you know the anxiety is at a deliriously inappropriate level :P So I do a various number of things when I am feeling stressed. The list kind of goes like this:
The way full bodied red wine glues them together.
What have you done to address listening issues in your classroom?
Monday, we headed West. We stopped in Rincon, Cabo Rojo, and Ponce. We headed back up from Ponce by late evening. It was another beautiful day! We had hoped to go to the beach in Cabo Rojo, but it got to be too late, so we had to postpone it. We did see two beautiful lighthouses and enjoyed the ocean views.
I see Junsu’s body shudder again.
The result: the reforms attracted bipartisan legislative majorities of roughly 60%. Over four votes (two different bills, each having to pass the House and Senate), one-quarter to one-half of Democrats voted for reform, including many black representatives, especially those from New Orleans.
The most essential part of a facial is the massage. This is so because a massage helps you flush out your lymph system which would increase blood flow and help you clear out any congestion under your skin. There is no harm in letting your esthetician massage over your acne, as there are several procedures of massage designed specifically for acne areas which would help scour your skin of acne and help in maintaining its cleanliness.
I have grown too strong
When John asked me to do a blog on bbq fish à la Inde, for people who ‘love to smoke their fish and have it too’, I said, “Sure! I can help them do both!!”
Well, let’s assume, that the translation “trials” are supposed “4a: a tryout or experiment to test quality, value, or usefulness” and NOT what the majority of synonyms suggest: cross, crucible, fire, gauntlet (also gantlet), ordeal, baptism of fire – thereby presuming the “good intentions” of the company requesting the trial.
2 suggests
Parents are cautioned to be mindful of the safety of their children and limit their exposure at work to job-shadowing which could include: permitting the young observers to attend a meeting, encouraging them to interview office workers (who volunteer) about their jobs, demonstrating use of special equipment (not including equipment which could be harmful such as paper shredders, cutters or staplers), and allowing them to participate in hands-on activities appropriate to age and skill levels. “
“Stop it Morgan, it’s okay” her father with hands already cuffed behind him and unable to pick her up, looked down with an awful helplessness at how she tugged his leg “just-“ He didn’t get a chance to finish that thought or encouragement.
Not much else to report here from ye olde Pine Curtain. Thankfully, things are actually kind of calm right now. But March is going to be a busy month, so check back often!
All Americans Have Knowledge of Racial Stereotypes
I've had this freebie chart in my stash for a while, and immediately went to my Valentine themed pieces when deciding what to stitch for Elaine. The chart is about 70x70, which would have fit into the 6"x6" guidelines, but wouldn't have left much room. And since I rather enjoy stitching over 1, I stitched this piece over 1. Lany received it very quickly, so I am happy to share it with you now.
These 'do's taut tempting texture, tons of tousle, and a whole lot of sexiness!
READABILITY INDICES
All sick people… The word “sick people” as used here is referring to people who clutch to themselves something that will make them sick. It could be alcohol or drugs… The Holy Spirit said to me… “People hold on to bitterness, hate, resentments… unforgiveness, jealousies, self-pity… fear, worry, and a whole lot of other things too.” Each of these things brings its own kind of sickness. Let go of these things. Some time ago I prayed for two teenage girls… they told me that their father had molested them and they were very bitter. God touched them that day… and healed them… A seventy year old lady had clutched to her spirit the words her son had said to her when she was leaving for the west coast…Her son had said… “you never did love me… that’s why you are leaving… I was unwanted wasn’t I?”… She said it wasn’t true… but the devil kept hammering those words… She too was delivered. I’m sure that the devil is behind a lot of things that people clutch to themselves. Let go of hate and resentments…otherwise you will be ill…
**before tax and does not include class fees or gift certificates**
The term speedy disposal – an avowed purpose for creation of the Board – acquired a distinctive meaning as the number of disposed cases catapulted from 166 for the year 2010 to 274 during the year 2011. The achievement will be better appreciated keeping in mind that the Trademark and Patent Benches could not be constituted for four months and five months respectively due to absence of incumbents. Hence, the disposal figure of 274 is the output of just about 7 to 8 months. Further, it is pertinent to mention here that the speedy disposal has been achieved despite the problems ranging from poor inadequate infrastructure to paucity of manpower.
Because it sort of breaks my heart when he makes a football comment. Or he says to me, "I'm going to explain this to you like my wife would explain it to me."
Boogie Wipes are a natural saline wipe that come in three varieties: fresh scent, grape, and menthol. As a mom of three young children, I really dislike fighting my kids to wipe their noses because other facial tissues are dry. The fact that these are moist wipes was a definite selling point for me. If you don't prefer the fresh scent, the grape and menthol are good choices too because the scent isn't too strong. The package has a snap lid, which helps the wipes stay moist and it is small enough to throw in your purse or diaper bag for on the go. I highly recommend this product to moms, parents, and caregivers of children all ages!
“A Girl should be two things: CLASSY AND FABULOUS!”
Prebius: you’re welcome to host a debate
Key Lesson: It is not enough to be familiar with Jesus’ teachings – Jesus true followers love and obey Him.
I Laughed Out Loud! And so did a number of women at my firm. How come MY lecturers and professors are so ‘professor-y’ while UWA gets Fabio??
The Mother
Bear Republic Brewing Co
Mr. Feinberg cut his policy teeth at The Heritage Foundation. He later served as an aide to U.S. Sens. Tom Coburn and Rand Paul, two fellas who know a thing or two about sound economics.
Evenly garnish the top with the cheese mixture and put it in the oven for fifteen minutes (or until the cheese is browned in some places and the garlic has caramelized).
Though funny, it shows how sharp the young minds are and how meticulous the teacher should be.
It was wonderful working with 25 singers again on this Christmas album.
from which the guests at the, heavenly banquet
There are two kinds of people in the world: those who like their chocolate chip cookies thin and crispy and those who like them thick and chewy. While I cannot claim that I'm the most discriminating when it comes to cookies, I belong to the latter--and so do my children.
I celebrated my Mother's Day early with a surprise visit from my son and daughter-in-law and lunch out last week. My trip to Massachusetts last week was my annual Mother's Day weekend with my girls.
The witness (who might be party to the action, or may be a third party), the attorneys and an interpreter if necessary are the main attendants at a deposition, although there are often others. The qualified interpreter will be familiar with any specialist terminology and must accurately interpret what is said. Often a check-interpreter will also be present.
20. 303 Shore Rd… Asked $2,375,000. Sold $1,740,000. Started 10/2009
OK, I had achieved my first objective – first through the covered bridge and first onto the dirt road. But, I hadn’t travelled all this way to go on a charity ride. I knew I was stronger than most of the Cat 5 field, so .. . on my new hybrid wheel combo (two more different wheels you could hardly find), I found some undiscovered time trial skills – an hour at 98% of threshold (according to my power files) and caught up to the second group of five from the front at mile 28, after passing a bunch of Cat 5 stragglers that were of no help whatsoever. One rider even offered to work with me. Guess he couldn’t hang on with my first pull.
the comforts of your living
However there is also a paradox built into the general understanding of documentary form that inhibits the full freedom and potential for something new to emerge. It is the common understanding of documentary as somehow representing reality “as it is”. Even if there is an acknowledgement that the film is always different from the events that were captured,(due to editing as well) the assumption remains that a reality in documentary should resemble more or less the reality outside the film world.
I have such a weakness for old wooden crates. I was given this one by my dear friend Kathy of "EAST SIDE BARN" who has an amazing talent and eye. Kathy and her husband Chris have a space in "CHELSEA ANTIQUES" in downtown Petaluma, Ca. I will be taking you there in another post soon to come. They also take their show on the road to the ALAMEDA Antique Faire every month.
notice : get something…isn’t that what some attempt..it’s that something that we’re after rather than realizing we already have more than enough.
O look at all the fire-folk sitting in the air!
Soft Opening II (group show of gallery artists) featuring....
21. $25 application fee from each business applicant (provide with cover letter)
I’d call art.
"When you have only two pennies left in the world, buy a loaf of bread with one, and a lily with the other."
Changeinadvance@gmail.com
“They do not have evidence of purposeful discrimination,” Rob Thompson, an assistant district attorney in Cumberland County, said in his closing arguments. “They do not have some secret society of prosecutors maniacally plotting to remove people from juries. They do not have any of that because there is no such evidence. It doesn’t exist. They have numbers.”
When I adhered the banner to the tag, I placed the end of the banner under the branch. I curled the end so that it added some dimension to the tag. The effect reminded me of a piece of ribbon blowing in the wind and getting caught on a branch.
A kooky mix between The Treasure of Sierra Madre, The Holy Mountain and any movie where a man and woman initially dislike each other but gradually learn to endure one another's quirks, the beautifully photographed endeavour is a flighty throwback to the adventure films of the 1930s. It's true, I haven't seen any of those films from the 30s, but I'm gonna pretend I have, you know, just for the sake of my point.
The administrators did not identify which “negative stereotypes” they had detected, nor did they explain how “the conclusions of the research paper” could be “interpreted in ways that reinforce” these unidentified “negative stereotypes.” The administrators’ letter did not challenge, in any way, the accuracy of the data that the paper presented.
that it has worked so hard just to maintain.
On the next day scrape off the mixture with a silicone or plastic spatula. Rinse the oven with plain water and wipe with a sponge or damp cloth. Repeat this procedure until the oven is cleaned.
This our hymn of grateful praise.
Passengers can opt in via the “Meet & Seat” program, and KLM will notify the person via email about other passengers who have shared their details.
Following swiftly on the heels of “The French Spring” post yesterday advertising an experience in film, today I draw your attention to the annual Ukrainian Investment Summit which takes places between 18th-20th April at Grange St Paul’s Hotel in London.
Instead, I stayed calm. I figured out what she needed. I granted her requests, even though they weren't perfectly executed. I did for her what Nick did for me on the tennis court. She was hitting wild shots in my direction, and I chose to chase them down and hit them right back to her, as best I could. And so, the rally continued, uninterrupted.
"We're going to do a scratch test. We'll test her for the most common allergies: milk, egg, peanuts, tree nuts, and wheat. You'll have to be here for a while, as we wait to see if she has a reaction."
You’re quite active on Twitter (@NyOfficial) — have there been times when you sent out a tweet and seconds later thought “I shouldn’t have sent that?”
Really crazy acts if you ask me...
Origin: Greek
The only prejudice I know I have is that I am unthinkingly pro-Jewish, largely because I went to a grammar school with a very high percentage of Jewish pupils. That prejudice in favour of Jews used to transfer equally to Israel.
I don;t want to say it's light in the body. It's more that it's more crisp than many IPA's, and it's nice and drinkable. It has a nice bitterness to it that comes out more than the malt, which is surprising based on the smell. Still, if it was weaker in taste I would have hammered it for the lighter than usual feel. But instead, it's an all around nice, even if light, IPA.
(4) check whether the actual or alleged contribution is actually technical in nature.
Much Luv, Yaz~
I’ve begun to get the idea that a big part of the trouble I have in life is that I have little idea of how to surrender. This is evidenced by the amount of time I seem to spend suffering from boredom and running from silence and solitude. Life has become very much reduced to function for me lately. I’ve shifted more towards “doing” than “being.” It feel okay and I’m functioning at a decent level, but I wonder that I haven’t run out of steam or dropped the ball entirely. How long can I keep running? It feels like forever.
I love country, shabby decor. I'm not one to like straight lines or wood finishes that are all the same. I want a mix!
It was reported some 388 protesters had been arrested as of 9pm at the Bersih 3.0 rally for electoral reforms here yesterday.
You just have to look at government websites and check this out.
When you wrote that post about your husband turning in his final papers, and celebrating with a waffle maker, I was happy for you in a way that was far more than a “hey a blogger that I read had something good happen today.” We are sisters in Christ you and I, even if you don’t know me yet. But I confess that I was also jealous, not that cute “I am so jealous but it is just my way of saying I think your life is great” jealous. Nope, it was more of the “You get right back here right now missy. If God hasn’t pulled me up out of this then you should be stuck here too” kind of jealous. The kind of jealous that makes you scream those unholy words “this is not fair’ and “why me.”
Every single person listing a property for sale wants it sold as soon as possible. This may sound like an assumption on my part, but I have yet to meet a seller who wanted to wait months and months before getting an offer. Admittedly, they are probably out there, but you are not one if you are reading this article. If I am correct, the following advice will help it come to fruition.
Call the Sunset Hill House at 603-823-5522 and say you want the Stapleton Kearns July workshop Package. The inn will take a deposit of $119.00 to guarantee the reservation.
The show started with a set from Robbo and the boys and they sounded very smooth and polished, despite the years and miles since their last performance. Then it was Nicki's turn. We've been using a radio mike for her shows so she was able to make her entrance through the crowd as we played her opening number "Lucy Jordan". The rest of the set were mostly her own songs, and despite the unfamiliarity of the material she won the crowd over with an electric performance.
So I love searching through the “Plant infirmary” to see the sick/dying plants for sale, because most of the time they are reduced over 50%, and once they are planted in soil and watered, they get better and grow very nicely. Most of the plants I get are under $2.
Being from New Jersey, it was a fun day. I took a picture with Corzine, and my Democratic Rep's Chief of Staff was very cordial to our group as well. It was a great day.
This is a skill that would be great for your child to know when entering Kindergarten, by the truth is: it might be too much to know by September. I would expect most children to know by January though. Start with the first letter of your child's first name. Whenever you see his/her name in print, point out the first letter and say its name. Pick random letters as you encounter them: on a cereal box or license plate, in a book, on a toy… Be creative.
Crushed garlic
Patrice was a really good guy.
Helen Rickerby
Telling stories perhaps?
Voidoids (Hell, Robert Quine, Ivan Julian, Marc Bell) studio outtakes 1977
for them, to find them, to name
Reason #2 -- Many people are uncomfortable with Obama’s intellect and it makes them feel stupid. That’s the only explanation how a mixed race child with no familial money who grew up being raised by grandparents and a single mom could ever be labeled as “elitist.” John McCain is not only the son of a U.S.N. Admiral, he’s 3rd generation; he married a woman who has a net worth that allows her to donate over $1MM in charitable contributions annually in the Phoenix ADI. George Bush is a 3rd generation legacy politician who also graduated from Yale. Throwing a black man from his circumstances who didn’t have actual wealth until recently in with those two and calling him the “elitist?”
I made it back to Texas safe and sound and practically rammed smack into the start of the school semester. So I have been running back and forth between the various Austin Community College Campus and now of course down the San Marcos for Texas State University.
I measured and taped on the wall, where I wanted each shelf to fit all the cans I wanted into it. Husband comes in and measures from the top of the fridge to the floor takes into account the casters we bought and cuts the wood (shorter than I wanted!). Huge debate and "you never listen to me" discussion happens "whats done is done all isn't lost" half apology comes and then we are off to work again.
How the camera doth deceive.... because this is the rest of the room:
Lulu: without a moment's hesitation...That's simple. A swimsuit, a beach towel, sarong and sun cream....and maybe some soap... that said with a smile....
The Whimsy garden stamp I’ve stamped onto white cardstock and sprayed with 2 colours of glimmermist to blend in with the backing papers.
2. Really?
Auntie
Wait, there's no magic here??
16. Is there a food that you liked as a child but now hate?
Yet he never gives interviews, has never stood for elected office, and is virtually unknown outside Westminster.
After a few very long hours another call. More bad news - the fluid was almost pure pus, probably from an abscess somewhere in his abdomen that had ruptured. Most likely this had happened yesterday and the fever was a result of the bacteria infiltrating the blood stream causing sepsticemia or blood poisoning. Now came the time for a hard decision: the vets recommendation was to operate, to flush out the pus, find the location of the problem and hopefully repair it. And it would cost a lot of money.
And companies that are smart see that they don’t want to play that game and they decide at that point that it’s time to clean up.
What I have learned has turned my life around. But it’s not something I can share. It’s not because I’m stingy or want to write a best seller. Instead I’ve discovered at this stage of life that each body is unique, just like our personalities. What works for me may not work for others. There is no one-size-fits-all, though the barrage of diet books and advertisements that glut the media would have us believe otherwise. Instead I have discovered profound soundness in the somewhat complex system of Traditional Chinese Medicine. I remember a Chinese doctor saying to me that many Asians suffer from deprivation, but that Americans generally suffer from conditions of excess. At that time, maybe five or six years ago, I couldn’t quite wrap my mind around what he was saying. I guess I wasn’t ready to hear it.
Though inconvenient, this logic might just be acceptable, had Ministers themselves not completely ignored it in publicising early deals with one city still to elect a mayor and another outspokenly opposed to the whole idea.
Stella Artois; Belgium, Pale Lager, 5.2% abv
What do you think? Join the discussion on HMForces.co.uk.
Anarcho-tyranny works for every sphere of life.
Tell us something about yourself we don’t know. My wife would say I’m a compulsive hands washer, but I’m not that bad.
My house is getting fixed. You all know that I call my house the "money pit", right? I mean...it was built in 1890. I don't expect it to be anywhere close to perfect!
different musical notations.
Est. ABV: 4.30 %
By no means am I comparing my fitness journey to Gleason's courageous battle. But what he said is so true. I was fearful of putting all of this on the blog because what if I failed?! I was fearful in signing up for the mud run because what if I couldn't complete the training?! Well, I'm here to say that once you let go, anything is possible.
We grew used to our love. It was the only true love we knew.
-Kalihi’s Balasi wins a majority decision (57-57, 58-57, 59-56) in an entertaining fight with both fighters trading power punches. Crowd came alive in the final round as the two traded power shots to end. Balasi had a little more energy in the final seconds of the fight. First professional loss for Kona’s Penovaroff.
reports that sloppy work by examiners at the FBI lab was producing unreliable forensic evidence in court trials. Instead of releasing those findings, they made them available only to the prosecutors in the affected cases, according to documents and interviews with dozens of officials.
I begged my dad to slip me drinks the whole week, and he did comply here and there with a daiquiri or margarita. But I wanted more. I begged him to have a 'father/daughter' drunkfest with me. We were on vacation! Finally, on the last night on the boat, he gave in. There was the pesky problem of me not being 21 though, and we weren't sure that I could get served even with his consent. So what do we do?
The other reason to make a note on the day, ladies, is because of it being International Women’s Day, so I can say that the Queen and Catherine chose the right day to come to the East Midlands. prior to me seeing the Queen, the Duke and the Duchess I spent the bring at the Apple store, getting more of my film planned and onto the timeline, only a few more shots needed and then the whole thing can come together.
“Your dad bought $22 worth of goat’s milk lotion today,” I said explaining the situation to wifesy. Wifesy smiled.
A special thank you to Chrissy for sharing her time and talent with us this month!
I hadn't expected him to come to my leaving drinks, I'd never seen him out with the Friday night crowd, I don't think I'd ever seen him outside of work. I was pleased that he joined us as we walked up towards the Windmill pub in The Cut, it felt right when he fell in beside me as we passed the Old Vic. I'd already had my leaving presentation in the office and I'm ashamed to say now that I can't remember what they'd all clubbed together to buy me. But I'll never forget the present he shyly handed to me as we walked up the road.
The mangosteen fruit is about the size of a tangerine. It has a smooth, dark purple rind encasing a snow-white fruit. Limited to tropical zones with abundant rainfall, the mangosteen tree takes 10 years to mature and bear fruit. Fully mature trees can be up to 80 feet tall, and may produce thousands of individual fruits each year. Mangosteen has been used for thousands of years throughout Asia for its health enhancing properties. When Queen Victoria tasted this imported delicacy in the mid-1800s, she promptly declared it her favorite fruit. Since then it’s been commonly referred to as, “Queen of Fruits.”
Woohoo for the warmer weather and longer daylight hours!
She stands up on the hill, has for as long as I can remember. Her arms always reaching upward and with gentle motions, they bend in the wind. I am never sure if she notices my passing and I wonder does she hold any memories of those days when I did visit. What a faithful old tree she is.
and follow the Angel Court girls as @angelcourt
I've responded at length, but it's a pretty disgusting affair. All in all, par for the course as far as what passes for debate in online comic-book circles.
The matter was intensively reviewed, at high levels, inside the Carter Administration, with little progress. As yet, the Reagan Administration has not addressed the issue. In early May, the Administration did order the Libyan Government to shut down its offices in Washington, as part of the campaign against international terrorism. But it has not faced the broader problem -the export of American weaponry and expertise to terrorists.
Perhaps we will learn more from the next four chapters.
A scary few days on the old farm. Last Thursday and Friday was a beautiful 70 degrees! Amazing, since it's now a ear numbing 14 degrees. We used the warm weather to catch up on some gardening chores. Mostly shredding leaving and moving soil and compost to some vegetable beds. A feel good day!
I found this article on loveisntenough.com, but the gal who writes that blog got it from colorlines.com. I love it. As I commented on it on loveisntenough.com, I feel there is a tricky balance between focusing too much on your transracially adopted child's race and not focusing enough on your transracially adopted child's race. It seems this father has found a perfect balance.
“Ey, Maha! You laughing also!” Dada barked without preamble and jabbed at my book with his walking stick. Behind him Sameer jerked awake and Mummy and foi immediately fussed around him.
The Donkey Show in New York stages A Midsummer Night’s Dream in a seventies-style disco, complete with classic dance tunes, nudity, and drugs. I ‘ll leave you to guess the salient Donkeyesque feature of the star performer. Women go to the play for stagette parties.
That being said and climbing down off my soapbox, I want to share the experience we had on the day after Christmas. In Italy they savor Christmas. They start early and end late with their celebrations.
Gert here. Pilgrim/HO takes the focus off themselves by pointing the finger and saying we are cyberstalkers. Well ISN’T that what HO is doing? What was HER purpose on going to this adoption site? For the sheer purpose of stalking pro-adoption people, including fellow adoptees. Yes, it is true, we birth siblings do want to inform everyone of the behavior and purpose behind what HO/JW does, because she is exploiting our family when she does this kind of browbeating and bullying. And her warning is a little too late, it was me Gert who warned the thread about HO is the first place, copy cat!
Jacobs has written other books with similarly gimmicky themes: His first was an analysis of the similarities between Jesus and Elvis. More recently, he penned The Year of Living Biblically, in which he tries to adhere to the literal words of the Bible as closely as possible. (I repeat, the dude’s wife must be a saint.) I can’t say I’m not still mildly intrigued by Jacobs’ ideas; I’m just no longer sure he can pull off translating those personal adventures into books, as opposed to say, a particularly witty blog.
How can you help?
The LSC expressed its disappointment regarding The Law Society’s actions. The Commission believes that “further uncertainty will have a far greater destabilising effect on the availability of family legal aid than allowing the tender to take its course. “
Streamline and Scarlet Runner Beans - I've never had too much luck with beans around here. The summers are never hot enough to get really strong plants before the pests come in. Runners like cooler weather so we'll see if that does the trick.
4) I’d walk a million miles to see one of your smiles.
Brasserie Lefèbvre SA Abbaye De Floreffe Prima Melior
filled my belly with delight.”
The Gospel reading that day was Mark 1:12 -15. A brief passage that discusses Jesus temptation in the desert and the start of his public ministry. Ken’s homily focused on what it means to be tested. He said, in part:
And finally, I'm forever appreciative of the efforts and caring exhibited by the amazing illustration team and our wonderful editor.
Jamie always seemed ready, willing and certainly able, for each new adventure, and rarely daunted by what faced him, even if he didn’t fully understand what was going on (but then, the Doctor didn’t always understand at first either). His sharp intelligence showed itself over and over again, as he quickly adapted to each new setting and circumstance, following the Doctor (in most cases) with total dedication, even if he thought the Doctor had lost the plot once in a while. He was very practical of mind too, often spotting the mundane flaws in a plan long before those around him, despite their more sophisticated lives and education: I mean, what was the use of Zoe’s fancy calculations of rocket flight worth if they only had three days’ supply of food and water!
I will be here
He looked at the door handle that he had just touched. Damn it. He touched it again to neutralise it, but that didn’t help.
The study, published in Psychological Science, showed that people who score low on I.Q. tests in childhood are more likely to develop prejudiced beliefs and socially conservative politics in adulthood.
This body has seen things that the little bride in my wedding picture hanging on our wall could've never imagined. My young mind and fit self wouldn't have been able to even scratch the surface of the grace that would grow inside me someday.
“Well don’t beat yourself up over it.” Derrek felt his face flush. He didn’t want to make her upset so soon after meeting her. “That’s the worst thing you can do.”
I also like the violins. I’m a sucker when it comes to violins in a song thats Punk. they’re just sooooo gooood. the extra O’s signify how good they are.
5. Global Networks and Domestic Laws: Some Private International Law Issues Arising from Australian and US Liability Theories: Graeme W. Austin
8. If possible, runners should buy significant others T-shirts which can be worn without regard to running the race. (see guide #1). Keep in mind, they support your "running Jones" more than you think. They also have ways of punishing you that you can't even imagine. Or maybe you can.
But above all, it matters because these clowns are in power to do as they’re told, not to address the profound problems facing their respective nations.
He shakes his head to scatter his worrisome thoughts as he strides heavily down the hall. He steps in the elevator and deliberately concentrates on the humming of its mechanism while he rides down. He vacantly stares at the very pale green paint on the metal walls. Cold color. He looks squarely into the ever watching camera and says, “Yeah, it’s the wrong color. A pale warm gold brown would’ve been better.” They’ll probably fire me…, be doing me a favor, he thought. The elevator door opens and he exits Building J. Two security blue uniformed men pick him up to drive him to Building H where Dr. Jallows waits for him. He glares at the driver, “Take me to employees’ parking lot.”
Coloring: Copic Markers (Sorry, I didn't keep track of the colors), Spica
Anne, the friend, and Liv have a contract along with two other friends that requires them to help in any way they can if it is asked of them. In the context of the novel, should they refuse to help their body will start to systematically shut down until the heart stops beating. Certainly far from a comfortable way to die.
Under the K+12 program, students will be taught new subjects and given vocational and technical training, and on-the-job training.This is to enable them to land a job after graduation. (from ABS-CBN News)
I would cross all of the strips before sewing, but I would adjust them as I sewed along to make sure they were sewn at about the right distance from the previous line of stitches. If I were to do this pillow again, I would use chalk or a washable fabric pen to mark sewing lines at an equal distance (about 1.5 - 2 inches). This would give the lattice a much more regular look.
As we began our new life no one ever knew. I soon realized that you were there too.
It's almost a saison/biere des gardes/Belgian blonde hybrid with an American hop influence but, unless you know what those are, I'd better elaborate because there's nothing more annoying than style comparison, up-your-own-bum beer writer know-it-all nonsense like that!
Obama At AIPAC
Me: "Yes, I could spin or cross stitch."
I will be speaking about blogging, citizen journalism, the decline and fall of Western Civilisation, and possibly Rangers Football Club PLC (in administration). However I don’t guarantee to cover all of those topics in my allotted time slot!
Not every girl loves pink . . .
I caved, I made a Pinterest board ! I spent HOURS searching for and posting photos to a board for the Better Homes and Gardens Pin and Win contest. I created a board to show some ideas I'd like to use in my dream attic redo = crafty space.
Vegetarians should be aware of getting complete proteins in their diets. A complete protein contains all of the essential amino acids, which are proteins that are essential to the diet because the body cannot make them.
Total since 1/1/2010: 15,525.7 miles
We had tea and tea cakes, and watched a Care Bears movie. It was the nicest party I've been to in a long time. I hope she has another Tea Party soon. Next time I'll wear a hat.
I also interviewed Amy on several occasions for articles, and she was always thoughtful and gracious. Between the firefighting and galloping around four-star cross-country courses (and riding for the US eventing team on several occasions, at the Pan Ams, World Equestrian Games, and Olympics), she lived on the edge, and yet she slipped the surly bonds of earth yesterday while taking a nap. She was 42.
As an angel with a beastly eye
was quoted as saying.
Neither did I take any joy in December in making them the first publishing service this site does not recommend. Even some of the poorest companies we reviewed here - including PublishAmerica - never reached the point of us openly having to 'not recommend'. I felt with companies like PublishAmerica - if the author was prepared to stick their check out into the wind and say 'slap me', then they could not complain about being slapped pretty hard. Raider was different - the company really started out with a great deal of promise, and the approach and ideas remained fresh, and at times, innovative - but the execution of approach and innovation over the past eighteen months has been - well - appalling.
See, over at Mission: iPossible!, we ran an iPad giveaway over the past two weeks right? Well, at first I was like...hmm...I really screwed up here, because since I have been in La-La Land for a couple of months and not given this organization what I should have, and lots of other things in my Life, it is NOT getting the attention it really could be. SO there were not a lot of entries for the 2 iPads that Heather had managed to procure through donation.
Creator and man’s need to believe in
11. Do you have any pets? yep...
Use it at least two times in a week.
The ocean means different things to different people. What does the ocean mean to you?
Last weekend, our neighbors got their door kicked in and much stuff stolen. Curiously enough, we had just had a conversation with some other neighbors (they live next door to the ones that got robbed) about the abundance of break-ins in our cozy little ‘hood just the day before. After some research on our end, we found that our general area has been hit 80 times in the last month by thieves. Yeah, for real. They kick in your door, take your stuff and haul ass out. 80 times this has happened. Are we paranoid? You bet. We have since put in another deadbolt on our each of our exterior doors and installed a security system just this morning. Next up, a dog. One thing about situations like this is you really get to know who your neighbors are. We’re forming a small army. I would hate to mess with us now.
Oh, and they were selling little sets of 4x6 screen printed quilt blocks from old postcards. I just couldn't resist the 1907 Scary Santas set. Not sure what I'll do with them yet, but I'm sure I'll think of something. (wink wink)
VRTSvxfs: You must reboot the system after pkgadd.
Known to his mum as Elliot Gleave (his moniker is cribbed from his initials), the 29-year old is one of the most interesting characters in UK music at the moment: someone who plays in pop’s premier league, but also keeps a toe entrenched in the underground, with the likes of Shot Yourself In the Foot Again, the self-released viral hit he created with Magnetic Man’s Skream. Someone who instigates entertaining Twitter wars with Alexandra Burke and The Saturdays, with nary a care for whose dressing room ends up next to his on the T4 Stars of 2011 event. And someone who, with his third full-length effort, Playing In The Shadows, has penned a euphoric dance album pointing out the pitfalls of substance abuse which, in terms of audacious juxtaposition, is up there with filming a porno about the risk of STIs.
It seems like a strikingly old fashioned idea if you’ve been wading through “modern” ‘theoretical’ versions of literary criticism. The idea that literature has something to say about human anything seems dodgy…and yet Brooks’ latest book “The Enigma of Identity” inhabits “that desired place” and does it very convincingly.
This month is National Scrapbooking Month over at Let's Scrap and they have challenges the whole month long. I have only managed one so far and this is it!!! I just used the left side of the sketch and the pictures show Hadley and Dylan attacking Harrison, when we were trying to take photos. didn't get any "nice" ones, but we laugh at these!!!I used Fancy Pants Papers and the lettering is American Crafts Thickers.
I recently came to the realization that I spoke about the dreaded pasta class I had (in my “Where It All Began”) yet never said how I have used that skill!
Alas, it is a load bearing wall. Curses, foiled again!
Today I heard Cokie Roberts speak
To explore further on Amazon UK, click below:
On the bonus features disc, we have a mahjong special included with the LE of the first DVD featuring the main 5 seiyuu, both textless openings, all 3 textless endings (including the three variations of the “serious ending”), TV commercials for the BD-Box, all 7 picture dramas, and a special trailer for the Saki – Achiga Hen – episode of side A anime that begins next month. It’s only an extra 15 seconds with two additional areas, so don’t feel left out by not watching it.
then just wired up some fun alphabet beads to his hands
So, that's what I've been up to lately! Now, please be sure to pop on over to Mo's DP2 Challenge Blog HERE to check out the stunning projects created my talented DT sistahs! Then, please join the fun this week at Mo's DP2 Challenge Blog! Just remember to use one (or more) of Mo Manning's images (you can find them in Mo's online stores HERE and HERE). Oooh . . . and don't forget . . . Mo is giving away one $5.00 shopping spree at Mo's online stores for every 25 entries! (selected by Random.Org, of course).
Essentially, the Second Circuit determined that a copy made in a foreign country was not lawfully made under the Copyright Act. I commend Judge Murtha's dissent for careful study, the decision is embedded below.
Fuck this noise.
$39.99
“That is government. We are liberation movements. The government was appointed by SADC to mediate, and we are liberation movements that have a history,” he said.
children gathering them, laughing and having fun.
"My personality's not dull. My knife might be."
fed &impregnated
The first problem was with the dark mild I brewed just over a week ago. Like always, I pitched a healthy two quart starter (decanted) of wyeast 1968 London ESB into the 64F wort and set my fermentation chest for 68F. Normally it takes about a day for fermentation to get going and raise the internal temperature up around 68F, where I'll keep it until day ten or so. Well, for whatever reason, my yeast never took off. By the thirty-six hour mark, there was very little activity and the temperature was still at 64F. By day three, fermentation had started and the temperature had settled right where I wanted it. A krausen still had not formed, but I wasn't too worried. By day four I opened the chest expecting to see a thick and fluffy krausen sitting on top of the beer - a sure sign of a healthy fermentation - but instead I found a completely krausen-less beer. I raised the temp to 70F and left it to its fate. Fast forward a week. The beer never formed a krausen of any sort and the yeast did not flocculate at all. No krausen, no flocculation, and the beer looks and tastes like muddy water. However, the beer did attenuate from 1.038 to 1.010 as normal. I figure I'll give this one a week at room temp and some time in the kegerator to see if it clears up. If it doesn't, this batch is going down the drain.
Anthony then pushed a version of pre_master to vmat2 (under the VMAT2 folder, as to maintain whatever version you guys had pushed). This results in a version that at least loads (within a few minutes)
To make this perfect, I would cast Hugh Grant as Henry Higgins (or maybe Hugh Laurie, it looks like I’m stuck on Hughs here) and have whoever the Higgins is to sit on the panel.
I have been browsing the calls for submissions and I came across one for night-photography. I don't really consider myself much of a photographer. I know some basics about f-stops and shutter speeds but beyond that I don't really know much. But I thought It'd be fun to play around with some night photographs.
HAVE FUN!!!
If it’s at all possible to fall In love with a mic (I hope my wife doesn’t take this personally) – I have to say that I love these mics.
Now, there is nothing inherently earth-shattering about the article (yet another company decrying a competitor's software patenting strategy, right?). Certainly Slashdot is full of programmers that have been howling for time immemorial about the "evil" intentions of companies trying to obtain software patents. But then, why would the news services reprint the article in so many publications? This is only a patent application after all, and not some issued patent that Microsoft is trying to enforce.
01-Phantoms-Wham.mp3
6- 32: Terrence Ganaway, RB
MOVIE QUOTE: Rail Crossing Crowd #2: I can smell alcohol on your breath!
I thought Mexico was bad, but it was really nothing compared to round 2 in chi-town. I was just, knocked flat on my back. I think I'll look back on this and laugh, but I'm not *quite* yet recovered (nearly 5days later), so I think I'll hold off a couple more days before I begin chuckling.
I talked to Anthony about his family, the business, high rents in the city—the kind of chit-chat makes you feel connected to the community. This is what a neighborhood joint should be about. Their great goodies don't hurt either.
It has seemed to me for a while that there is no-one that stands up for our charnelled dead. I doubt they ever wanted to be dead. I doubt they would have ever seen themselves as a political statement, red in tooth, blood type and flat line. Their voices, their ideas are largely subsumed by the political actor in the play, the man with the bomb, the woman with the commitment, the other side.
"Jack Costanzo-Afro Can Can-1959 US":
There is so much going on in my head, I don't know what to do with it.
have absolute faith in the
i think this was Penang Upper Street; photo taken after clubbing at Mois. awesome weekend getaway to the island, and now all i am doing is pining for the rm2.30 wantan mee.
He had a knapsack of philosophy,
In 2010 Stacy Shinas began Jack Be Natural after having her second child. She and her husband John now sell products from 11 different manufacturers. They created this company to share their knowledge on natural products. Read their whole story here. At Jack Be Natural you will find a wide array of items. Not only will you find the latest and greatest fluff, you will find detergent, toys, clothes, baby gear, and even goodies for mom. If you are new to natural, then you can read the many helpful articles and can even watch video tutorials. If your bun is still in the oven, you can create a baby registry. Plus, you get $1 with every $15 you spend with Jack’s Cash Rewards Program as well as a free sample with every purchase. I have to say…I am impressed. The next diaper purchase I make will surely be from Jack Be Natural.
The Prime Minister vetoed the EU summit in december saying it would badly hit the City of London. Maybe he is looking for a job there whedn he gets kicked out of 10 Downing Street
These exposures include expanded Employment Practices Liability Insurance for workplace bullying and violations of the Genetic Information Non-Discrimination Act, which prohibits the use of genetic information in employment and health insurance.
I just finished watching the first season of Showtime's House of Lies starring Don Cheadle and Kristen Bell. Well, amongst others. Great supporting work from Ben Schwartz (Jean-Ralphio!!!), Josh Lawson, Greg Germann, Griffin Dunne and Richard Schiff as well. And Donis Leanord Jr. as Cheadle's cross-dressing son is amazing.
Cardigan: Anthropologie
Death does not have the final victory! “Thanks be to God! He gives us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ.” (1 Corinthians 15:57)
Professor Gregory, who is director of the Pakistan Security Research Unit at Bradford University, said he was surprised at the news of Mr Dale’s death.
Arriving at the party in the middle of the jungle, we hastily downed some vodka to catch up with the crowd and headed to the dance floor. After an hour or so, I didn’t have the heart to tell my mom that I still didn’t feel like partying, so I asked if we could get some neon tattoos. Where I would be now if we hadn’t gone to that particular tattoo stand, at that exact time, I don’t know.
But, you know, you can’t really ignore that fact that they are aliens. That’s kind of a major thing. So…
Knowing it is indefensible, the various self-investigatory reports will try to hang their underlings out to dry and tell us Mark Kennedy was a rogue officer straying off-mission. When all seven exposed officers behaved more or less identically, the police need to tell us how many it takes to prove that far from following orders, this was strategy. And more than that, who devised, approved and ordered this political policing?
We had suddenly become not UN troops and journalists but Westerners, Israel's allies, an object of hatred and venom.
Sometimes, I feel festive and want to do a bit more once the asparagus is finished.
it was every bit as good
Iceland Airwaves Photography Exhibit
On to the clothes!
Drugged on her own obsession
Accountability for human rights violations are important, but satellites are not the best way to monitor which actors are at fault. Even Anonymous NGO security reports about drunken grenade brawls are more exciting than eight inches of sand turned into a pixel. Clooney getting into a fistfight in Juba is far more likely to make headlines at TMZ than his satellites capturing troop movements around Abyei.
His apparent love of costume is expressed
- the smell of fresh cut grass always brings me back to my Grandpa’s lake house in Vermont. he’d sit on his mower and mow the field across the street, and as soon as he was done we’d run out to the swing set and spend the rest of the day playing.
For the next couple of months you couldn’t move for bumping into one of them actors or key-grips or whoever.
And how about this gorgeous sea urchin lamp from Williams Sonoma Home:
After a rocky first inning, Bedard was on cruise control.
Time to get a ladder again. My verdict is that there's something I can't see going on behind the parapet wall, and the only way to find out is to dismantle a yard or so of parapet, which requires a lot of full-on hefty bashing with a big hammer, and quite frankly? I'm feeling a bit destructive.
And in the 19th century, when the Second Amendment came up in constitutional debates, it was typically treated as an individual right. The notorious 1857 Dred Scott decision warned ominously that if blacks were recognized as citizens, they would have a right to “keep and carry arms wherever they went.” In demonstrating the need for the Fourteenth Amendment, some advocates cited the disarming of blacks in the South as a violation of basic constitutional rights. In 1886’s Presser v. Illinois, the Court declined to strike down a state law against privately organized militias, but nonetheless wrote that “it is undoubtedly true that all citizens capable of bearing arms constitute the reserved military force or reserve militia of the United States as well as of the states.”
116 = 1110100
TOTAL 5,107
When the truth comes out, Ruby barely escapes Thurmond with her life. Now she’s on the run, desperate to find the one safe haven left for kids like her—East River. She joins a group of teens who escaped their own camp, pursued along the way by terrifying bounty hunters. Liam, their brave leader, is falling hard for Ruby. But no matter how much she aches for him, Ruby can’t risk getting close to him. Not after what happened to her parents.
During the last recession, millions of Americans lost their jobs and the percentage of working age Americans that have jobs has not bounced back in the years since the recession ended.
Besides the reality of the "French of France" observance of jus soli, the law of naturalisation, rather than jus sanguinis. And besides the reality that there was no nation of France for at least 200-400 years (maybe more) after the patriarchs arrived in North America.
It’s tough to stay under 600 calories and still get enough to eat here. A McDouble is 390 calories. A six piece McNuggets with one small sauce is 330. Get one of those with a small fry (230), I guess. When I have to resort to this I’m usually hungry again sooner than I’d like. I guess you could do a fruit and yogurt parfait (160) instead of the fries. I mean, if you're into that.
Brew’s Best Hand-Crafted Beer Festival features live music and showcases craft beers from around the country served along The Village’s waterfront cobblestone streets. Attendees can also participate in an Intro to Craft Beer class, offered from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. in the Villaggio Conference Center.
And you can see for miles.
9 + 6 +1+9+7+8 = 40 = her life lesson = Helping out. Lending a helping hand.
Publish Date: October 2011
In keeping with the Halloween color scheme, I used orange Jello for the cream cheese layer and lime jello for the top. Decorated them with Jack-o-Lantern Peeps, which I cut apart and added green icing to for the stems.
Number of sloppy punctuation moments: 1 (missing comma)
“Is he your benefactor? Are you some relation?”
- People die and are seen again.
Taste: Chocolate and peppermint, courtesy of the Luna bar I'm snacking on...
Mesclun Sweet Salad Mix 4.26.12
~ I thing understanding & compassion go hand in hand to an extent. For me you dont know what people are going through until youve walked a mile in their shoes but until then trying to feel for them is a way of comforting them. Its a way of learning and showing that you do care.
Cost: $60, $55 members
Hot off the Press fold it RIBBON SWIRLS template- 5.00 BRAND NEW
Ink: Memento Pear Tart, Tangelo, Desert Sand, Vivid! Coffee Bean
I love simple cards with clean lines, and that's what I wanted for Flopsy. I stamped and embossed Flopsy then used my craft knife to cut the image out. For the snowball, I inked up the snowflake that comes with Flopsy, and heat embossed it. Then I tapped my glue ink pad all over it, and heat embossed again, so it would have a "texture" to it.
"No, no...I'm not a pervert I swear! I'm just taking a picture of these curtains for my blog!"
The following day, I went into the Lifeboat Tavern. They have two handpumps, currently serving Doom Bar and one other which was off so I couldn't tell what it was. Again I previously have drunk in the Lifeboat, good nights, lively younger crowd, with its bar shaped like bow of a boat, and plenty of tenby rich seaside history on display.
She picked up an almost-empty pack of cigarettes, and tugged one out. The pack was dropped into her lap, forgotten, and she lit the stick in her mouth. The first inhale didn’t make her cough. Smoking hadn’t done that in years.
need the dark, a blindfold,
That's when she did the unthinkable.
Janie Jones
(3) But at that time (the time of Moses) the people of God were one, and in one nation only, Egypt only was smitten. However, now the people of God are collected out of all languages and dwell among all nations. And they are oppressed by those who rule over them. Therefore, it must come to pass that all nations (that is the whole world) will be beaten with heavenly stripes. As a result, the righteous people, who are worshippers of God, will be set free. Back then, signs were given to announce the coming destruction to the Egyptians. Likewise, at the last day, wonderful phenomena will take place throughout all parts of the world, by which the impending destruction will be understood by all nations.
I quarrel with the sunshine,
The caterpillar awoke to a miracle, she had turned into a beautiful butterfly like her mother.
Phillip Klein continues, pointing out:
It also noted that although there were various views about measures to protect Australian content:
One Hot Pleasure (Sultan and Ned Shepard One Hot Club Remix) Electronica 125 bpm 8:07
3. Put 1/2 stalk of spring onion. 5 slices of ginger and 8 cups of water into a pot.
to open my hand
A few odd words,
In the six posts I’ve planned on PantheaCon 2012, there are three that might be interesting to a wider and more general audience, of which I’ve already written the first, and then three which are fairly Ekklesía Antínoou-specific in their scope and interest, which are probably not that interesting to many people. I’ve decided to flip back-and-forth between these two lists in the order I write the posts, with the one of the greatest and most widespread impact first in the first list, and the one of the least impact in the second list first. This, dear friends, is that post: the one with the most limited likely audience of interest and the least important one of those. I’m only saying this at the beginning to let you know that if you have things else-internet that are more pressing, you can proceed on to them without much worry that you’ll be missing something of great significance–and no worries for such being the case!
Paul, who by the will of God was sent out to start churches and teach people the way of following Christ, was in a tough spot. He had been placed in prison for proclaiming the good news of Jesus Christ throughout the Roman Empire.
Tight for time, most of you (if you've been reading here) should have had enough advance warning that you should have made advance plans.
It’s been a long time since I last updated this blog – almost exactly four months.
It's amazing what a song will do. Where it will take you in the past? How it makes you feel. In 1999 the hit song on my Birthday was Ricky Martin's Livin' La Vida Loca. I remember driving in my Volkswagon Golf and pumping this song thinking I was a way cool 25 year old. This song though also reminds me of the day after my hubby proposed in which I went to the Rick Martin concert with my roommate and screamed my head off. It was the wrap of a life changing weekend. I still think of this time when I hear that song. It always puts a smile on my face.
A question encompassing both students and schools is whether paywalls will become a trend. Agatha Pardo, director of sales and marketing at Messenger Post Media, says they maintain a free online presence because of their format. Unlike the international giants, she says, “We’re all about conversations . . . I don’t have to fly anybody to Libya.”
Run DMC & Jason Nevins It’s like that US
When I came back from lunch around 1:30 AM another nurse in my section was walking down the hallway to get me. My lady had woken up, shouted loudly for help, and then promptly dismissed two different nurses from her bedside.
Mom's surgery is finally over, FIVE AND A HALF HOURS later. So much for that "easy, gentle, non-invasive" laparoscopy.
As you can see, the performance of the antenna is the best in the range of frequencies from about 720MHz to about 900MHz, with a fairly sharp drop off in response on either side of that range. This antenna did basically what it was supposed to do.
Stay with me
Just like Britain, crimes committed by whites are the isolated incidents, which the media always claim black on white crimes are, whilst the vast majority of interracial crime, including violence, rape and murder are committed by blacks, and, just like Britain, the media hides the fact and pretend it is the other way round. It is difficult to find an official racial demographic specifically relating to car-jacking, however, I suspect that the US media would be hard pressed to find any incidents where young black women, or black couples had been car-jacked and murdered by whites but I am sure they are trying.
“We Take Care of Out Own,” appears to be sending a similar message. While the track is charged with phrases associated with American patriotism (“the bugle blown,” “the work that will set my hands free, my soul free,” “sea to shinning sea,” and “wherever this flag’s flown”), Bruce is telling us that these phrases stand on hallow ground. They’re claims, not realities.
This is definitely my favorite transformation. So thankful for all of the inspiration and great ideas throughout the 21 Day Organizational Challenge!
Israelwas told to look for His second coming to earth. We are told in Titus 2:13 to look for the blessed hope, and the glorious appearing of our Saviour Jesus Christ. Are you ready for that appearing? Will you be left behind when He appears to take away His Church, the Body of Christ? Claim Jesus Christ as your Saviour now and be ready for that great event. Don’t look to theMount of Olivesbecause before He comes to set up the Kingdom withIsrael, He will appear to catch us away into glory.
Stacked the big old white porcelain cooking and serving pieces on an old wire rack right next to it - I use these all the time and they're not easy for me to store, so this works -
Over $600 dollars of snack foods and apples were graciously donated.
I'm very hopeful for what will become of Jodi Meadows' skill as a writer. Her ideas were brilliant. I really want to see what she does in the sequel.
D)Tensions in family.
You can go around to your local shopping center to find best beauty products, foods, clothes, cosmetics, accessories and that you want to buy or you can find a place online deals that always offering best deals on those thing that you buy from their local shopping center. There are number of great retailer sites that always offered discounts and coupons on products that you need the most often for your daily deals. It is the good way to stock up and get in a good price and delivery is usually very fast services.
“Take care of the golf balls first, the things that really matter. Set your priorities, the rest is just sand.”
heart table numbers!
(My next batch of puppets will also involve writing up yet another puppet pattern - watch this space!)
Without you, I have nothing left to say.
But Spain is just at the beginning of a downward spiral. Just wait until they have been through a few years of economic depression. Once that happens, millions of people begin to lose all hope. A recent Reuters article discussed the epidemic of suicides that is happening in Greece right now….
Here in the UK it seems that Shades of Grey are the only colours we've seen for most of the last few weeks but at least over on the Daring Cardmakers we've had some pretty colours to play with for our challenge this week.
People should also know that on his second day in office Barack Obama shut down and terminated the CIA intelligence program that actually developed the information that got bin Laden. They should know that America no longer has that capability, and that thanks to Barack Obama we could never even begin to do that again – likely for years to come, given the difficulty of developing such intensive programs.
Instead of one to two thousand people a day joining in the occupation there needs to be tens of thousands of people protesting the fat cats driving Bentleys and drinking thousand-dollar bottles of champagne with money they looted from the financial crisis and then from the bailouts while Americans literally die on the streets.
They have received airplay in as diverse places as BBC Radio One and Four, Radio North Angus, Heartland FM, Subcity and Amazing Radio.
Picture this: mounds of bread, gallons of delicious wine and a line of punters determinedly queuing for their free tasters.
The suggested kit does not include obvious tools most people already have, like screwdrivers, hammer, a saw, or even better for those in wooded areas, a gasoline chainsaw.
Crowe, the owner of the decaying estate known as “Whispering Laurels.” As last surviving scion of that family, Crowe inherited the estate, a crumbling Gothic Revival mansion with a checkered history. Crowe is in deep debt due to his habit of visiting the track in Saratoga Springs and has been considering using the old estate to replenish his dwindling funds by either selling or leasing the place. Unfortunately, no one wishes to spend much time in the massive corpse of a home.
But does that mean all that I had given to everyone so far is not worth anything?
"Wow, you are one crazy pregalo."
I shared my struggles with a close friend. But as my thoughts consumed me I hid them from her so she couldn’t help me.
Last week in class we read Lorrain Hansberry’s A Raisin in the Sun. It was my week to write a presentation blog so I wrote about an organization in Tennessee called Hattiloo and linked it with Hansberry’s work in terms of creating a Black identity. But I think I may have missed the target just a little because I was considering Black identity from a White person’s perspective. So what is Black identity? Can it be linked to a defining haircut like the character of Beneatha in Hansberry’s play? Sure it can, but does that make it Black specific? Just because I don’t put a lot of stock in my hair doesn’t mean that another White girl doesn’t.
BCA Staff Report
there you have it, party people. it is absolutely not a bit what i was expecting to buy. we'd been shopping the late 70s/early 80s fixers with a vengeance. so many that had amazing potential, but needed lots of cosmetic love. the moment i saw the listing for this beauty, i said, why not? maybe someone in this city didn't choose completely vanilla upgrades and we can have that older home with gobs of charm and a price tag we can afford? and so it was.
There are places that got hit pretty bad but if its any consolation, this earthquake is far from the one that hit central Luzon two decades ago in terms of damage. We’ve had some pretty bad natural calamities these past few years but Filipinos are hard to break. We persevere and endure – we even find humor in the direst of situation.
But what I absolutely cannot understand is why so many Whites seem to want all these same things as the Blacks, Mestizos, and Jews. It’s just plain suicidal. Just look at what’s in it for us (for America’s White citizens):
Makes 8.
We all do.
Chao, Ruth K. “Chinese and European American Mothers’ Beliefs About the Role of
This film explores so many facets of our society and how people deal with common issues to a completely different extent, that it was truly marvelous to see it fit into such a limited amount of time but still being able to send such a strong message. It deals with the issues arising in marriage, the many ideas people have about parenting, that strong competitive spirit that parents have while talking about their kids to others, and how they see other people’s kids in connection with their parents’ behavior and attitude towards parenting. I also found that there are views that only women share and views that only men share, with the women taking more care of the family, the home and the well-being of their children as well as trying to keep peace in their surroundings, while the men are more concerned about their jobs and taking the environment around their family more seriously than their actual family making it so much clearer why so many couples are in conflict with each other’s points of view.
Max is getting so grown up and last night he went to bed with no nappy on. He has been dry throughout the night for a while but last night was his first with no nappy.
But I'm examining my needs and finding the resources I need to meet them. I think that's the goal I'd aim for in raising my own children: that they know what they need and how to get it, whether they need adventure or a quiet life in the suburbs. I know it's been, and continues to be, a long hard fight just to be able to name my needs, let alone meet them. And I hope the people who need big adventures continue to seek them. But I also hope we as a community don't lose sight of what's important: raising kids who can identify and meet their needs. All that big impressive stuff should be a means to that end. Being impressive shouldn't be an end in itself, and it definitely shouldn't be presented to kids - either directly or indirectly - as something they owe the unschooling community.
His newest great idea is personalized photo wall clocks! You can send a favorite .jpg (or send an actual photograph) plus a first name, and Buz will create a clock recipients will treasure forever.
I really didn't like how the author made the character so hostile to Christianity, though some points were valid regarding her not understanding and her anger toward God. The church scenes and the pastor I had mixed feelings about. It was almost like Shelby wanted a reason to have faith, and her reasoning sounded very teen-like, so that worked for me. I also liked Shelby's opinion that teens should be honest with the people they love. She says teens should not pretend something that isn't true and go through with a ceremony if they didn't really mean it.
I got a little mention, and a LOVELY write-up, here. I was really overwhelmed, and came across the link in my stats. They made me feel like I had something relevant to say, and although its a shame that that post isn't in my usual style (so I worry that I come across a bit emotional and paranoid to new readers), I was really buzzy when I read my name in the list of recommended parenty-blogs!
The chart usually has a very pompous sounding title, like "Developmental Matrix" and it shows how through consumer ethnographic analysis the idea starts as a small spark of insight and then by some highly evolved system it's inflated into a grand unifying concept.
The obvious place to go is the big bourbon distilleries. They empty hundreds of barrels daily, for which they have no further use. They just want them gone.
For the major portion of the movie, the two killers work independent of each other, but they have chance run-ins at the bookstore, and both know that there is something special about the other one!
Rory Williams - Arthur Darvill
· Silicone utensils are perfect for use on non-stick surfaces as their soft features will not scratch and remove the coated surfaces that lead to the demise of the pan.
Create a snapshot in VirtualBox. You will want to be able to revert back to the sysprepped state in the future.
K.. would have to be for KELLY.. one of my BEST Friends in the entire world.
It sure is easy to leave all your cares and worries behind on the mainland when vacationing in Hawaii! As a matter of fact, I've decided to make my resolution for the coming new year (and I never make resolutions!!) to worry less and take one day at a time! We are having the best time here in Maui, but sadly our time here is coming to an end, as we have just a few more days le ft here.
2) Slice bread lengthwise and then width-wise being careful not to cut through the
If you ever have a bone to pick with someone, make sure it's a marrow bone. It was this sight of marrow bone towers that excited me most when I arrived at the home of Mr and Mrs Pig Flyin' for our latest Stomachs Eleven adventure.
Add 1 1/2 tsp oregano, 2 tsp cumin, 1/4 tsp. cayenne pepper, 2 cloves minced garlic and 1 tsp. salt to the cooked turkey. Cook for 2 minutes to release the spices.
The market place is rife about his one-time Prot Dickson sojourn. True or not we do not know as nobody from the BN camp is asking either.
So what is it? It is a superblog. A cooperative effort to . . . again, there is no point. I'm not sure why we do it. Except that it is fun. And some of the stuff those other people come up with is hilarious. Or at least not mind-numbingly boring.
I wanted to say thank you to all of you who are devoted to us and repost our pictures and are so supportive!! It is a hard industry to work in and it is great to hear your enthusiasm it really keeps us going!
cause I’ve seen a rainbow
. . . an error that the Historical Society of Britain some years back listed as number one in its short compendium of the ten most common historical illusions. It is the notion that people used to believe that the earth was flat—especially medieval Christians.
Those yields are far better than can be gotten from longer-term government bonds. A 10-year Treasury note now yields only about 2%, while a German bund yields only about 1.75%.”
Aha! I believe I just found my topic du jour. I’ve been chopping up my heart and soul over the last week, so today, boys and girls, we’re going to dissect the brain of a madman-Michael J Feldman, or is it Gillen, or Feldenkris? (No wonder I have issues, if I don’t know who I am really)
Respect of a kind.
“No, darling. I don’t.” Darling! He stood up, “I’m going to make some coffee.”
What more could a girl ask for?
Steeped grains for 30 min. at 150˚ in one gallon of water. While the grains were steeping I heated 3 gallons of water up to about 170˚ in the boil kettle. When the steep was finished I took the bag out and dunked it around in the boil water for about 5 minutes.
wrapped in paper and piled in a pail.
As much as I have loved the experience of self-publishing, a part of me still hankers after traditional publishing. When I reason with my self, it seems to come down to time. The time I spent promoting my books is often valuable writing time missed and the more books I have, the more time it takes. I have just finished my new novel, Marvin’s Curse, my first YA novel about a boy who talks to the dead. I’m now torn between sending off to agents and self-publishing …
As a “thirty-something” wife and mother, my Saturday nights out clubbing are now somewhat less frequent than they used to be. These days, on Saturday nights you are far more likely to find me, a glass of red wine and a slumbering Nave of Albion, in front of the TV watching “CSI New York” or “Law and Order” on Channel Five. So it was this last weekend that I came to watch an Episode of “Law and Order” from 2004 called “Darwinian” . For those of you who did not see it, the main storyline revolved around homeless people killing each other, however, the first part featured a situation where a rich, white, female executive was involved in a hit and run collision with a vagrant, who was thrown across the hood of her car and became lodged in her windscreen (or “wind shield” as it was an American programme) as the rich white executive lady had been drinking, she panicked and, rather than seeking medical help for the poor sod impaled on her dashboard, she drove home, with the moaning and seriously injured man still wedged in the glass, locked the car in the garage and left her victim to die slowly, whilst she had another drink.
While none of this changes the fact that having to pay special assessments fees is about as fun as a root canal, just remember that it’s all part of the greater good for the association. Special assessments are investments in your home and your community, and can help keep your association a wonderful place to live for years to come.
Alexander Rossi (replacing Heikki Kovalainen in FP1): “I am looking forward to getting back into the F1 car in Spain and I want to thank the team for the chance to run in FP1 in Barcelona. I have a clear goal for the session – make sure I run to the plan set by the engineers, not make any mistakes and learn as much as I can over the whole weekend. I know how much I will be able to take from my time with the team back to my Formula Renault 3.5 commitments and I know the team will do everything they can to help me maximise my performance on Friday.”
37. Crawled through a window? - Yes, in my childhood house, if it was locked and we forgot the key, I could climb up on the oil tank and slide the locked window open by rocking it back and forth. Really secure house, eh?
Oh, my little hillbillies :-)
As you exhale see this energy flowing outward from you and surrounding Ryan
I'm not myself an avid reader of Discworld novels, I confess. The first one I read was "Truckers", and I loved it, but for some reason I never really could be bothered with the discworld series.
There will be beautiful silences to share
But after seeing Motherhood was having a sale, I may have to see if they are having an in-store sale too before we leave this weekend.
I think the biggest thing that has been making me homesick is the fact that I keep dreaming about my family. I keep dreaming about my sisters, but what's weird is I keep dreaming about my mother. I hardly ever dream about my mom. This month marks 5 years since she passed away.
I wonder when I'll have time to go shopping LOL
For Lent, you welcomed Jesus into your daily routine. You handed over the controls—the remote, the mouse, the keys, your credit card. That’s a start—not the end.
....Our first wetter says: Dear Mr. Bush, how come you still have not found all those Weapons of Mass Destwuction? My momma says there never was any?
Espresso Alcohol Ink.
SOMEHOW the Euro could succeed with increased taxes, decreased spending, increased economic output, austerity, successfully refinancing the debt etc. Or it could limp on in its present state, veering from crisis to crisis. Or most likely it will implode with deflation combined with interest rates going through the roof, thus leading to multiple countries defaulting (rather than just “too big to fail” institutions) and taking down the global banking system with them, leading to the greatest global depression ever seen.
Made me CRY!
North US — currently under hail and damaging winds heading ENE into Canada from North Dakota.
I was turned onto Ray Condo by one of my good friends and Co-workers who has turned me on to a lot of good rockabilly and when he loaned me a Ray Condo CD, I can't remember which one but, I instantly became a fan of this Canadian nomad.
My experience over the years has lead me to believe that, under stress, people will default to their most basic personalities without the protections normally provided by our wide variety of trappings and rationalizations. When people get stressed, it's better for them to not make major decisions or attempt to learn new tasks, as they are often too near their own personal boiling point to think with clarity and appreciate the experience. In such circumstances, the concept of a time out has merit. When I think of time outs, I think of them in their original context, sports. As both a player and a coach, I have used time outs as opportunities to rest, to recalibrate, to refocus, and to strategize. I have used to stop the action for a short time while the players get an opportunity to remove themselves from the tension of the moment so they can think clearly about what is important to them and how to accomplish it. But this is not only critical in sports, or at work; I think it's also critical in relationships, particularly partnering and parenting. Let's face it, partnering and parenting under even the best of conditions can periodically be stressful, and fluid, and challenging, and maddening. As our children grow and our partnerships evolve, it is easy to forget to take a breather and reassess the control we each have of our own roles in the circumstances of our lives. I find that my family changes a little bit with each new joy, each new sorrow, each new desire, and each new experience they have. The worst thing I can do is to allow that change to occur without considering how I will interact with it, respond to it, embrace it, or resist it. If I don't, I may be unable to deal with the changes, unable to fit the newness in amongst all of my self-imposed "must dos" that sometimes take over my time and my brain.
Because, at the exact same moment I said the word “iPad”, on the TV screen, a woman walked through the door wearing an eye-pad.
Now if I wasn't already skeptical about taking Korean medication, I quickly became so. I had a real issue with squirting some unknown gel into my mouth twice a day to heal my canker sores. I fumbled around with the box trying to see if there was any clue as to what this magic medicine was. It was then that I ran across the description of my medicine, "Ointment for the oral cavity disease."
If you’re looking for a quiet afternoon with your mom (and she’s available from 3-5 p.m.), try out the Omni Afternoon Tea! Here’s the menu.
A Friday ritual. A single photo - no words - capturing a moment from the week. A simple, special, extraordinary moment. A moment I want to pause, savour, and remember.
During my breaks, I've made a few cards that aren't listed yet. I figured it was time to make some appropriate for Mother's Day.
Group 2 came with props and costumes in order to act out key scenes in front of the green screen. They then created a short animation (see below) using a toy frog, puppy and rat. In addition we looked at different expressions, and took photographs of pupils’ faces being sad, happy, curious, angry etc. Finally the students did some Freeze Frames of moments in the story.
3. Spend time on the introduction to the workshop, make sure all are in
my netbook which I have propped up on a cushion
“It was a clueless showing from the Government on a matter of urgent importance. Given the key role Russia has played in assisting Iran’s nuclear ambitions, I also asked what the Government was doing to ensure Australian uranium sold to Russia would not end up in Iran. Again, there was no answer.
I haven't quite written it, that much is true and I'm still shopping the concept around to the various people who buy such things. To be honest, I just have the title and I'm not sure if it's a children's book or a romance, I can see it living in both fields reasonably well; perhaps I'll write two versions.
Moving right along, we arrive at April 29 of this year, and another one-post blog. Claims Bestseller in the Making: Michele Glance Rooney Just Sold My Book! "Next to the day I gave birth to my blessed Jasmine," avows this nameless future literary star, "this must surely be the happiest day of my life." Oh joy, oh rapture! Oh why are the publisher and the novel as nameless as the blogger?
Do big things for God! Do radical things! Do hard things! You’ll reach thousands for Christ! An evangelist! A preacher! A pastor! A healer! A prophet! Signs! Wonders!
So we're almost there. Total cost $375 with all the improvements. Not bad, not bad at all. Especially since this loom will be a workhorse.
After early dinner Balder, Yuhua, and me were just sitting in the tent reading, talking, making fun of Igor who at midnight went to cook some water and eat again.
Avery and her hunky handyman boyfriend are renovating a house belonging to a local news anchor who's thrilled to be filmed as part of a home renovation show. But cable television fame proves fleeting when the man is murdered and Avery faces the task of nailing the killer.
‘Joke,’ Ollie said, with the vague feeling that it probably wasn’t funny. ‘You’re the Centurion, aren’t you?’ He was right, not funny at all. Rory’s face turning white, then red, then white again was a bit of a hint.
Part of my responsibilities for my work has been to oversee the e-mail system of our organization. As numbers of servers and users go, it is small. We have one e-mail server running on Ubuntu Linux. The e-mail software is a combination of Postfix and Dovecot. Postfix is the MTA (mail transport agent) and Dovecot is the MUA (mail user agent). The MTA has the primary responsibility for getting and sending all the mail that we address to others and that others in the world address to us. The MUA handles our users’ connectivity to get their mail into and out of the system. We currently have no more than a dozen actual users with mailboxes on the system, so for most purposes, it is not difficult to maintain.
“Most respondents are reluctant to openly say they will vote for the opposition so Umno-BN must be very cautious of the middle ground,” the deputy higher education minister said.
Assists in digestion and elimination, enough said.
I looked out the window and saw that puppy had a creature in her mouth. She proceeded to shake it violently and throw it in the air. Then she would put her paws on the critter and sink her teeth in to pull on it. I ran outside and quickly realized that she had a possum. Relieved that she had not killed one of the cats, I shooshed her away so that I could get a shovel and take the unfortunate critter out to bury it.
Paperself lashes are a dream to wear. I am so glad I was brave enough to wear these ones on my wedding day. The just made it a little more exciting that the usual bridal style!
“If the government is serious and committed to freedom of the press and upholding human rights, it should remove Section 8A and pass the Freedom of Information Act as done in Penang and Selangor,” he said at the Parliament lobby.
(i think it's really cool of her to always have a way to engage with her fans, don't you think so? hehe!)
Our park ranger that morning was readied in rubber boots, waiting for us on the rocky Maine coast, an ideal environment for trapping water living creatures in tide pools. Marine life is swept towards the shore by the incoming tide. As the tide leaves, sea creatures are trapped in pools created by rocks and other natural formations. Low tide permits an opportunity to observe these pools close up and a variety of living things not normally visible without diving or snorkeling. The ranger pulled out starfish and sea urchins and pointed out a myriad of living organisms. I never miss a chance when the opportunity presents itself to spend time at the ocean to explore a tide pool or two.
Ours is a message the world does not always want to hear, but it is the only way to salvation. Are we, like the false prophets described above, afraid of the tide of public opinion? Do we cater to culture? Do we speak truth regardless of personal consequences?
Kasztner (and another man, Joel Brand) started making manoeuvres to protect Hungarian Jews (amongst them their own families). Initially, they contacted a high-ranking SS officer with whom a member of their circle had pre-war relations. They offered him $2 million dollars to prevent the creation of ghettos and death camps in Hungary. Within weeks, they were approached by Eichmann himself. Eichmann (and reportedly Kurt Becher, emissary of Himmler and Gerhard Clages, head of SS in Budapest) allegedly offered Brand and Kasztner the famous “blood for goods” deal. The terms were that Eichmann would provide safe passage out of Europe for 1 million Jews in return for 10,000 trucks and one thousand tons of tea, coffee, soap and other needs for soldiers on the Eastern front. Brand and Kasztner later testified that they decided to bring this offer to the Allies in Istanbul, and if the Allies accepted, Eichmann promised to “dissolve” Auschwitz and release 10% of its inmates. Afterwards, the deal would work in stages, 1,000 trucks for every 100,000 Jews.
That she loved it and the colours match her Bed room
I had previously used chilli in a We Should Cocoa entry. I made white chocolate chilli blondies for the leftover challenge and they didn't seem to work well for me so I wanted to hit the darker end of the spectrum for this entry.
This arrangement wasn't always the case. Until he was two years old, I took Jo on the train to and from the staff daycare at my school every day. Anyone who spoke to me during that period probably knows far too much about my subway travails. I complained about it, but I also treasured that role, the extra time with Jo, regardless of its quality. Especially as the non-bio mom, that first time around, I appreciated the opportunity to do the hard work of handling childcare. I prepared his breastmilk bottles, and later his food; dragged blankets back and forth for laundering; entertained Jo on the train with snacks and books and silly songs.
WELL USED MOVING LIST
But Burroughs beat him by more than a quarter century. John Carter’s powers are a product of “the lesser gravitation and lower air pressure on Mars.” A “very earthly and at the same time superhuman leap” carries Carter “fully thirty feet into the air” and lands him “a hundred feet” away.
At the last year’s Bersih 2.0 rally in July, any paraphernalia related to the election reform coalition was banned from making its appearance in public.
670 D-V/17/1974. “Thucydides’ Pericles: Law and Nature in The Funeral Speech.” Basic Program Weekend Conference, The University of Chicago, Starved Rock State Park, Illinois.
To read a pad’s state, we need to read from its data port – there’s one per port, 0x00A10003 and 0x00A10005. Only a byte at a time can be read from these addresses, and to tell the port whether we want the upper or lower byte returned we have to write bit 7 to it first. A typical read for all of the buttons goes something like this:
Discover why million people every year visit this pearl of world's natural heritage that is on the UNESCO World Heritage List since 1979. Experience a unique blend of continental and maritime Croatia on remarkable cascade lakes. Timeless beauty of waterfalls thrills in every season in a different way. The perfect picture nature has been creating for several millenniums, leaving everyone breathless.
2.Send a kind wobbly fish thought to someone you know who could do with it.
Of course, he didn’t act alone. Illinois made bad pension decisions before he was elected, and the Legislature approved his worst ideas. But the governor pushed other lawmakers to give in to their most irresponsible impulses.
Scoop or Roll into "walnut sized" balls, placing about 2 inches apart on parchment lined baking sheet.
Tibbs shook his head. “I wouldn’t expect you to understand, Banks.”
Some more paintings based on stormy seas, arranged in a few different ways.
The company’s primary goal with the service is still to convert more free users into paying customers, which according to Bloomberg numbers to only 3 million out of their 10 million users worldwide. But their free user base is still dwarfed by Pandora’s 150 million users.
My station is Nutty Hill Gate. Now I'm starving.
I certainly don't want to sway the poll results, but I feel the 90s were the absolute low point in horror. However, I've been very pleased with the horror in the 2000s - other than the lousy remakes (The Omen, Nightmare on Elm Street, Halloween, etc.) and the torture porn (Hostel, Saw, etc.). I absolutely loved Drag Me to Hell, Trick or Treat, The Grudge and Planet Terror.
There is no need for words to convey what your heartbeats are already telling you…
The chair is heaven but can be a fatal mistake if you sit down to early in the day you can regret it. So you have to time your chair habit quiet well. Will you have to stand up much after sitting? How many hours till you can sit down again after this? And do you really need to sit? You have to ask yourself all these questions and if your satisfied with the answers then and only then do you dare to sit. If you sit before this when you do have to work you find your legs are unable to move the blood is slowly moving back to your body and now you want to stand again! Are you mad! Your legs start to hate you and throb, you find yourself shifting the weight from one leg to the other and leaning on the wall for support.
I plow ahead through the Russian-choked prose. I’m as determined to finish the travelogue before it’s due back at the library, as Frazier is determined to reach the Far East of Siberia where it butts up against the frozen Bering Straits.
Her powerful, high-energy performances are what landed her a record deal with the RCA Records Label Nashville. Dawn Of A New Day, Crystal's recently released debut album, features her emotional debut single, "You Can Let Go," which is climbing the country radio charts.
Still no sign of Paul.
The Judy's+
Hopefully, if it gets released to some kind of professional reviewer
In fact today, whilst discussing the subject and really clutching at straws, I had to admit to a girlfriend that I recently looked down during a really steamy moment and wondered why I appeared to have bows and ribbons hanging from my arse.
In the near future, with structural risks that cannot be fully mitigated, uncertain cost savings, and a multitude of components to manage (people, process, and knowledge), outsourcing will likely lose luster for large organizations.
Despite how easy and effortless these athletes make their sport of choice look, I’ve learned that they come from all backgrounds and everyone is battling their own demons. I’ve seen some amazing people overcoming physical and mental barriers that would force alot of people to just plain old give up.
Mix sugar, corn syrup and salt in a saucepan with 1/4 cup water. Over medium heat, bring this mixture to a boil, stirring constantly until the sugar dissolves. Continue to boil, stirring constantly. Every few minutes, drip some of the boiling sugar mixture into the glass of water. Once it is the texture of taffy--not hard, but not watery (This is called the "soft ball" stage), toss in the peanuts. Continue to mix constantly so the nuts don't burn. Once this mixture turns a medium brown, turn heat to low. Stir in vanilla and baking soda. BE CAREFUL! Sometimes the mixture foams up, at this point.
I’m tiredof being told I must lower my living standard to fight global
Use power words liberally. Be unabashed in talking about the benefits of your new product, especially as the launch date approaches.
My irritation lingered, but deep down, I understood.
What young Master says next surprises me. There is no sadness in his voice but raw determination and confidence. ‘I need you to come with me to Caligula’s palace.’ His eyes search over me. ‘The people of Rome hate him. You know it, I know it. He is crazy, unfit to be our emperor. The crimes he has committed…they are unforgivable. Tonight, we are going to assassinate him. But you must help us first. Please, Minerva.’
And I want a hug, and I want Mark to tell me I’m the best, and I want to snuggle next to him while he reads. But alas, he won’t be home until after six today since he’s going to his parents after school.
It can be clearly imagined, how old the simulator games are.
Like I said before, we didn't camp at Negrito. Instead, we went off on a random road somewhere and found a spot to set up camp. J put up the tarp and set up our little area underneath, with the table and stove and everything. It was a pretty nice setup.
“Their philosophy is simple: You are on your own. You’re on your own. If you are out of work, can’t find a job, tough luck, you’re on your own. You don’t have health care, — that’s your problem — you’re on your own. If you’re born into poverty, lift yourself up with your own bootstraps even if you don’t have boots. You’re on your own. They believe that’s their — that’s how American has advanced. That’s the cramped, narrow conception they have of liberty. And they are wrong. They are wrong.”
Her affectionate, informal letters to her sister, Winifred, her father and other friends were always bright, self-deprecating and humorous. Her letters of thanks to acquaintances were always appreciative and polite. Even when she turned down songs which had been sent to her, or engagements she could not undertake, she did so in a kindly way.
Yet I have appreciated Twitter but now it looks as if my days and nights as a tweeter may be numbered as well because Twitter has sold their tweet archive–the old tweets we all assumed had ‘disappeared’–to corporate interests with clients lined up to take advantage of everyone’s private information, including GPS details.
Likes to Cook ... Has a really good recipe for crockpot pigeon. (This one's my favorite)
We had a party afterwards which the children all enjoyed with cakes and buns and it just made the evening that little bit more memorable.
20 Fitzcarraldo
Fortunately we do have flying visits from both these fledglings. Son swoops in to borrow our wheels to get him to ‘out of the way’ soccer games and daughter likes to organize social gatherings with her Christchurch friends so she also needs to borrow a car when visiting.
Supplies Used: Blue cardstock is from M's Recollections paper pack
They are brining you home
This is why I am planning to take another Writer’s Retreat. Last time the projects were to finish the short story With Honor and start Dragon. This time, I’m getting the second draft of Dragon finished. For those of you who are unfamiliar or forgot, my writer’s retreats are actual retreats – I go into the woods camping by myself and spend a couple of days reading, hiking, and (most of all) writing. No people, no pets, no chores, just me, nature, and my writing.
LESSON 2. People tell you there are no seasons and you can sow seeds / plant plants anytime. I don’t believe it. Passionfruit I grew from seed became about 9″ high and then stopped growing for months – then suddenly around October they took off and grew rapidly all over the lattice. Now, mid-February, I have had one flower, and a fruit is now growing. I have 20 plants, so I hope many more will follow. Similar experience with other plants – the time of year makes a difference.
In the half-awake state that I found this article, I read the line in the ad below as "no biting alkies" and immediately had this image of 1930s era women forced to hire cranky alcoholic hoboes to do the heavy scrubbing of their pots -- before Brillo came along to save the day. I believe I'll go make more coffee now.
Steve Lacy - Wordless
These are the first models that I have painted for my Cryx force. Now that they are done, maybe I should finish the Exemplar Cinerators that I started last week.
Officials in Sanford's office have reacted to the probe by Thomas' committee by saying the office will be cooperative but view the inquiry as unnecessary after the SLED review.
Cumin powder 1/2 teaspoon
Clarendon Hotel
He had said, “A situation where a political party insists on fielding a particular candidate over another to get a massive win, and that if they get that massive win the party has arrived, is the source of the problem.”
Neal Lulofs, Executive Vice President and General Manager, ABCi
You get the picture here. Their arms are full of boxes and they look at Jesus’ arms and all He has is love and freedom and they are like, “HEY! That’s not fair! Why don’t you guys have to fast three times a week like us!”
One of the key requirement of a suspense novel (which is what this is) is what's left unsaid, and unseen. Your query should reflect that. Your query should make me wonder what happens next. So far, it doesn't.
The word “ikat” itself comes from the Indonesian language and means either “cord, thread, knot” or “to tie, to bind” depending on the context in which it’s used.
A while ago, Dr. Kevin Pho had me guest blog on his KevinMD.com. Recently, I wrote a blog about being in charge of your own treatment. Somehow, somewhere I realized that I’d never advocated for the physician. As a patient advocate, that makes sense; but is it fair? Then I came across this book excerpt on Dr. Pho’s site and I had my answer. I had to give the other side the opportunity to be heard.
We were sat at a table close to the open window, which was nice since it was sunny out. It was a tad windy that day, so at points, it was chilly, but still decent enough not to need to move.
The Companions of Jehu (Les Compagnons de Jehu, 1857)
Speed dialling
You can get my e-mail address from my profile. If you can't find it, you deserve to wallow in self-pity and stale Budweiser.
All you’ll say,
To call this collection of rustling mealie stalks ‘amazing’ is probably overstating the case a little. I imagine the play on words was just too tempting to resist. I can, however, confidently state that “The Amazing Maize Maze” is indeed the best (and only) maze I have ever had the pleasure of navigating.
I like to have all of our clothes picked out by Saturday night for church on Sunday. Less scrambling and decision making at the last minute before church. I lay my husband's suit, shirt and tie out while he is showering, so that is one less thing he will have to do. This is something that is not expected of me, but that I enjoy doing. Before I ever even start to get myself ready, I get Nevaeh all dressed and lay out her Bible, her offering and a canned food that she takes each Sunday to give to our local food pantry.I then focus my attention on my Sunday School teaching materials, making sure they are in the bag. I check to make sure all of the necessary items needed for the children's message are in the bag too. So, as you can see, there is a lot to do to actually make it all run smoothly and get us out the door by 9:30 a.m.
This little dip into discernment can and should be applied to all areas of our lives. Faith. Family. Friends. There’s not enough real truth seeking going on these days and it has led to a tragic loss of wisdom. Let’s all change that. Today is your chance to effect the future…beginning with you.
Jazz was introduced to Soviet audiences by Valentin Parnakh in the 1920s. Singer Leonid Uteosov and film score composer Isaak Dunayevsky helped its popularity, especially with the popular comedy movie Jolly Fellows that featured a jazz soundtrack. Eddie Rosner, Oleg Lundstrem and others contributed to Soviet jazz music.
Little Man is looking like this ...
3. In 1854, Helena was established as the original county seat of Karnes County. The county seat was moved to Karnes City in 1893.
Canucks fans (and those from the Pens!) have some serious pondering to do about their team. After disappointing first round exits, the two squads seem to have some major questions to answer. Yet, both teams can take heart in their mini-comebacks for the last couple of games of the series. Daniel Sedin made a massive difference for the Canucks, and the Pens played under control in games 4 and 5 which helped them play into game six.
Giving money to people who already have more than they can spend does not stimulate the economy because they don't spend it. More particularly, rich people know it makes no sense to use the money to create inventory when so few others can afford to buy it, so they know it makes no sense to hire workers to create more inventory. When you give money to rich people during a recession, you encourage not job-creation but money-hoarding, which helps no one other than the rich. Thus, despite – or rather, because of – the fact that so much of the U.S. stimulus has gone to banks and big corps., employment has risen very little, while cash reserves held by those businesses have swollen dramatically. Time and again, "trickle-down" has been proven not to work, and that's why conservatives have abandoned the phrase; but they're still pushing the policy.
Any recipe needs ingredients, time and effort. Some of the Ingredients I add to my relationship: respect, love, care, admiration, responsibility, effort, planning.
"There will be nonsense in it"--
When I met my first husband and settled into adult life (ADULT!?! I was such a baby, but that's another story), I felt pretty happy and I wanted to write about it. I would sit down with a journal, but nothing would come. The only time the words would ever flow freely from my pen was when I was feeling somber or troubled. This held true as the years flowed by, and if I pick up my journals now and look back, it is very rare to find an entry that is not tinged by at least a little bit of sadness or discontent. I suppose that is somewhat telling of how my story has played out, but I swear that there really were some happy times. There had to have been. I don't view myself as a miserable person, but somehow in my writing that is always how I come across.
I can never forget
Lie down
Puzzled. By this speculative Beatles album cover:
Richard Grainger was said to 'have found Newcastle of bricks and timber and left it in stone'. Of Grainger Towns 450 buildings, 244 are listed, of which 29 are grade I and 49 are grade II*.
And here in the Heartland, we've another chilly morning, with temps starting out in the lower 30s!
A creative theory, to be sure. While it may sound far fetched, the film notes that some Bigfoot stalkers believe the best way to preserve this mostly unseen but apparently endangered species is to provide a specimen—living or dead.
B. H. Fairchild – The Art of the Lathe
If you go back to when Marty became borough president in 2002, one of his promises was to bring a professional sports team to Brooklyn. When he first called, he wasn’t partial to whether it was baseball, basketball, hockey, or soccer.
So after making a left onto Bellevue Ave., I continued on until I reached Arlington Drive and at which point you will be turning left. You can find the street rather easily if you keep your eyes peeled and notice the cannon sitting at the intersection..
One night I was playing around with my phone when Brandon was about 8 months old. I was using the light of my lamp and the sepia section on the camera of my phone and I got this wonderful photo of him.
Albert Joseph, 79
look at the inside of the box. it’s lined with the same stuff a hot pockets pocket holder is lined with. which incidentally is the same stuff that used to be sold on infomercials back in the day. or at least i think it is. i also think it was called micro magic. and it worked. kinda. if you used a lot. and wrapped what you were cooking totally.
Excellent plan, it would be brilliant if it weren’t so stupid, just what the Earth needs a man-made metal canopy to screw with sunlight and heat. Thus no weather data proclaiming man made global warming can be trusted coming from that group of scientists being paid to push a global agenda. Stop the weather manipulation and we start to heal, and then we can re-work this fossil fuels ruling elite as well, we have slept far to long and allowed them far to much power, obviously they are STONED OUT OF THEIR MINDS WITH POWER and selfish greed. Your Political Parties need to be GUTTED and rebuilt, they are in on this Knowledge. Of course as I have said before they are one party pretending to be two, funny thing is how obvious it is.
1 resistant
When I was first approached by Conceive Easy, I immediately thought of someone I know that has been trying to conceive for sometime now. Thankfully the awesome folks at Conceive Easy said it was OK for me to send their Trying to Conceive Kit to her and report back to all of you with the results.
They carry on as if nothing was there.
And all my hard, but fun, work paid off on my little dude's birthday. I find this picture priceless and it shows me why I did what I did to make his day a SPECIAL DAY.
So am I keeping Murphy alive to avoid a sequel? Or is it my own arrogant belief that I can somehow fix him, that I can out-think the experts, beat the odds and save him?
fanshi（凡斯）painter and poet
I was writing about an ice-storm that engulfs Venice on the night of December 24th, 1901, stealing Christmas and carrying many Venetians away. So my freezing vaporetto trip was by way of research.
Valero veils the Masonic compass and square in the letters VA, as does Viacom and the action TV show, Vanished. The vicissitude of Valero’s symbol from the “tri-diamond” to the V, when viewing the commercial, varies from the infinity symbol (a symbol of the magician), to an X (another coded hexagram), which then becomes a V.
Turn five is then tank shock and contest, which I have to say is still uber frustrating for guys to deal with- especially players who have only experienced 5th edition and only play against power armor- taking down AV with a cover save (and maybe fortune) and holo-fields, and vectored engines pretty much requires a lucky shot. Eldar are still unmatched in this arena, and while I won’t say holo-fields are priced fairly in the game, at this point I’m taking them no matter the cost.
Tomorrow I'll be off to Sunderland to attend the funeral of Uncle Ronnie who passed away while we were having our family walk along the river. No, he wasn't with us...he was back home in Sunderland at the time of our walk here in Newark.
I'm not saying that I dislike the beer, I just don't perfer this style of beer. A couple of things that I did enjoy: the smoothness of the beer itself, and the crisp clean flavor. Before I knew it I had already downed 2 of them (not bad for a beer that I didn't think that I liked all that much). This style beer is probably best enjoyed in a small beer glass (which I didn't do).
The biggest problem I'm now having isn't even catching up on all the wonderful blogs I read or even writing down the millions of things I want to post about. It's planning my daughter's 4th birthday party.
There we read this gem:
– And above all, an engagement shall not be consummated before the marriage ceremony!
I know there are some fans who want to see a return to the days of Billy Bremner, Norman Hunter and Joe Jordan – thugs with a licence to maim who, regardless of actual footballing ability, were keen to “put a player in his place”. I’m obviously not one of those people. I prefer the more skillful, less violent game we have these days.
The preacher turns around and is almost overcome by the smell of alcohol, whereupon he asks the drunk, “Are you ready to find Jesus?”
01 Intro
We had a few more days to explore Jackson Hole and a drive over the mountains to DuBois, which is a charming town tucked into red rock formations up against the hills. There we visited a store that provided skulls and antlers and the art that they made from them. Fascinating, mildly yucky, but so Western! We flew home after 3 weeks. It's always good to be home...
Blessed are you, O God of our fathers, and blessed be your holy and glorious name for ever. Let the heavens and all creatures bless you. You made Adam and gave him Eve his wife as a helper and support. From them the race of mankind has sprung. You said, 'It is not good that the man should be alone; let us make a helper for him like himself.' And now O Lord, I am not taking this sister of mine because of lust, but with sincerity. Grant that I may find mercy and may grow old together with her. Amen.
I notice the biggest difference in my upper body, my shoulders, my collarbone and upper chest area and my back. When I look in the mirro now, I don't see an obese person, I see someon who could stand to lose a few more pounds, but not what I saw before.
In one, a friend who had been seeing a specialist for really very regular follow up saw a new doctor. The new doctor had read the notes, seen the progress, and – it felt to my friend – made a decision on how the consultation was going to go, and ended up discharging him. This was all despite having never met the patient, not heard the background, having no idea of the context of the illness – but the numbers looked good, the progress was clear and therefore the decision was an easy one.
And I feel better.
2. I like nail polish that dries in 30 seconds. (Best invention ever!)
We both gulped. My daughter was driving and I noticed her hands grip the steering wheel a little tighter. One never knows what the little munchkins might say, but when it comes to 'God things,' I am intrigued.
But because I think it’s important we talk more openly about the realities of being a working parent. Realities we often conceal, so we don’t seem like soft targets in the hard world of business.
Now, I sense you with me here…
In any event, there are a gazillion amazing blogs that have been nominated, so quite frankly I am betting the buck stops here especially with the fantastic competition out there. But in the meantime, I have to say that I do not know who or whom nominated me and I wanted you to know how utterly humbled I am that you would take the time to actually think of me! Thank you very much. How you touched my heart.
Why bother getting impact sockets? Regular sockets can explode when you use them with an impact wrench, and you just may strip or round your bolts in the process. Firstly, regular sockets are not made to last the constant pounding that an impact wrench will give. Without getting too technical, regular sockets are made of a fairly brittle steel, and they have a tendency to fracture when used with an impact wrench.
While of roses
Simple. Yummy. Healthy.
Light a Lantern, Save Jalan Sultan, 5th February 2012, Jalan Sultan, KL
Bonda Ma Jackques 0/2
The customs officials who greet you at the border are cold, the waiters are brusque and rude, the shop assistants clearly have better things to do than attend to your needs, and anyone in an official uniform is downright intimidating if not scary.
He screamed the whole way here, the whole time I taught the song and continues to whine while we wait for Cam to be done. Yay.
Agreed to forgo the shower to save money.
Take this case for example: a recently insured law firm with 24 attorneys. If attorney No.6 failed to show up for work, the cases in progress would not stop but would be reassigned. If attorney No.6 happens to be the primary person that develops new clients for the firm, the disablement of attorney No.6 could easily cause the firm’s collapse.
These things have definitely helped me a ton in the past few years. I went from getting to work at 10:00 am or later to getting there around the time I'm really supposed to which is 8:00 am. I'm still late (that's a whole other issue, no?) and I still loathe getting up. I curse my alarm and the morning regularly. I still feel sluggish and sleepy-eyed. I'm not saying you'll like it. I'm just saying that it helps adapt...a little bit...to the Day-Timer/Early Bird world.
He tried and tried again. ‘Please Chunnie… Pick up…’
DO. NOT. LOOK.
The combat isn’t the only thing that is more dynamic. As you progress in the story you will find that your crew members aren’t holed up in their quarters as they were in the previous games. You can find members interacting with each other, in different parts of the ship and frequently visiting the Citadel. Some characters even have personal arcs where you can provide emotional support and advice.
So opening your hands before God, what does that show? It shows that you are responding to Him with an answer, it shows that you are surrendering to His will, that you are able to celebrate in victory with Him, and sometimes it just means “daddy, hold me”.
TWILIGHT series
If you've been around for a while, then you know that Cuinn and I loosely base our parenting style on the all of a sudden popular Attachment parenting. We co-sleep. I still breast feed, we don't spank, we don't do sleep training, we parent in a pretty natural way.
The way to dusty death. Out, out, brief candle!
You might want to check them out.
Nope. Still too long!
1. How Not To Be Seen. (Ode to Python) The Art of Camouflage.
Haggai 2:9 (NIV): ” The glory of this present house will be greater than the glory of the former house, ‘says the Lord Almighty. ‘ And in the place I will grant peace,’ declares the Lord Almighty.”
Barbara is a spiritual teacher, intuitive counselor, astrologer-numerologer, and an independent minister. She founded the Aquarian Light, a very successful spiritual center in Minneapolis, MN and now offers season events, weddings, ceremonies and personal appointments for Wisdom Readings in Bloomington, MN.
I really hoped to add some type of open shelving to this empty wall. I even found a trio at the thrift store for a great price! But once my husband helped me hang them on the wall, the shelves made the room look cluttered. So they came down! All the ceramic pitchers I've been collecting over the last few years to display on said shelves are now being stored in the cabinets. Makes me so sad.
4. Pin the sleeve to the armhole at the center top and under the arm. Those are the only two points that really need to be exact. Perfect the distribution of fullness if needed.
Above the golden gravel,
Perhaps you are holding a meeting in a different state or destination. While you are contemplating WHERE to host your meeting, you will want to keep in mind point #1 from above… WHERE are your participants traveling from? Travel can add to their experience and relate it to your meeting. Often times participants may extend their stay to make it a vacation.
Today's card is based on a Challenge that was 'Yellow and One Other Colour' - I went for green, as i found some very old K & Co papers crying out to be used. I stamped out the image, then embossed it with CB 'Daisy Pattern', the edge round the frame is Memory Box 'Meridian Border' and i got the idea from the super talented Debby, thank you. I have put glossy accents in the middle of the daisies on the image and papers. The punched edge in the corner is MS 'Floral Lace'
I spent some time as a child idolizing America’s Founding Fathers. This was in part because I have a genealogical relationship with one and in part because I lived in southern Virginia where, if you want to, you can feel a strong residue of the American Revolution and the early years of the United States all over the place. I certainly did. I learned early on that the state motto, “Sic Semper Tyrannis” or “thus always to tyrants,” was adopted as a direct challenge to King George III and the British Parliament. I was very proud that Virginians wrote the Declaration of Independence (Thomas Jefferson), commanded the Continental Army (George Washington), and crafted the Bill of Rights (James Madison). I enjoyed visiting places like Monticello (the home of Thomas Jefferson), Mt. Vernon (the home of George Washington), Red Hill (the home of Patrick Henry), Colonial Williamsburg, and Yorktown because they gave me the sense that the place where I lived was critically important to the very beginnings of my country’s existence.
In the case of Father Grigoriev, he was shown to own a BMW jeep, a Mercedes jeep, and a Mercedes saloon as well as three flats and a country house. To add insult to injury, a secret camera filmed the priest bragging about his £60,000 Swiss watch, his £12,000 phone, while talking about his love of Italian designer clothes and fine dining. In an indication of how much wealth the priest had amassed, he complained of recently being robbed of the equivalent of £300,000 from his safe
Does no one in the Democratic Party get this? If I create a government subsidy for ghost hunting technology, I will create dozens of ghost-hunting-tech firms within days, as everyone gets aboard the gravy train.
Notice that the linen turban relates to the linen tunic, while the blue thread is similar to the second tunic, and the golden Tzitz is relatable to the ephod, since the ephod had gold thread in it.
Tea Rat: I say, dear old sport / do think I fall short / if I asked the announcer / if I could announce, Sir?
A few students and I set up the classroom at the end of the day Thursday by preparing each station. Here's a look at the room before.
What else is going on? After being out from my job for over a month I've more or less forgotten about it. I want to be a stay at home Mom now. All that it would take would be for the summer home to sell. Wishing and praying have yet to work. So any good home selling vibes you can send our way are appreciated!
Post-Rock Mathyness: Maserati’s drummer died in a tragic elevator accident–he played in like 3 other very hip bands (Juan Maclean being one of them) and he is completely irreplaceable. However, Maserati’s awesome rhythmic ambient echo-guitar-love lives on in the new album coming out in November. They still have mad beats. Fucking awesome band. !!!(Chk Chk Chk) is a self-donned dance punk band but these guys are most definitely post rock/ math rock. You can dance like crazy to these guys and you do not even have to be drunk. They have gone through a lot of different members, all quite talented, and the current vocalist goes crazy on stage (well, his pelvis does). Watch this: Me and Giuliani down by the School Yard. One of my favorite bands in the world is Health, who ought perhaps to be called post-music rather than post-rock. They are a bunch of CAL-Arts dropouts who are great at synthesizing and manipulating sound. They have a profound grotesqueness to their sound–reminds you of a nightmare you’re proud of having because of how vivid and thoughtful it was. I usually distrust acquired tastes like the Arcade Fire or Bright Eyes, who just completely suck, but this is new and engaging. Mogwaiis a delightfully pleasant ambient post rock band who’s second to last album, Mr. Beast, was a big winner with all sorts of songs you would want to wake up to. Their new album, Special Moves, is a little harder. Nothing I listen to is boring so don’t worry about it being too mellow for you. The Sound of Animals Fighting, a large ever-changing group of animal-mask wearers including as frontman the singer for Circa Survive, plays some really interesting music although you have to beware the large number of filler-tracks they have. The frontman, whatshisname, is the only person who’s actual band is even comparable to TSOAF (some of the guys are from shitty bands like Chiodos), yet the band continues to be a side-project for everyone involved and since they don’t have time to record in-studio, they compose music by recording individually and sending it to whatshisname (the frontman) to do all the mixing and final cutting. I think they’ve toured once together.
Organisers hope the protest will draw 100,000 people, including thousands demonstrating against a controversial rare earths plant being built by Australian firm Lynas on the country’s east coast. That would make it the biggest protest since the “Reformasi” (Reform) demonstrations in 1998 against then Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad.
Maybe you feel your dream is dead or been cut short, just before the birthing or maturing of the dream, well standby…..because in an instant the girl had a miracle with such ease, by the touch of Jesus – the family thought she was dead, the people around them thought she was dead, but Jesus said “she is just sleeping”.
1 shelves
Frau Merkel’s political opponents have accused her of flirting for political gain. They claim she was soliciting the votes of Germany’s sportsmen by pretending to be the kind of woman who would jump into a communal bath with them and sing bawdy songs. The obvious question for her accusers is this: How do you know she was pretending? There is nothing wrong with a female politician joining the nation’s finest in their celebrations. I believe Mrs Thatcher did something very similar after the Iranian embassy siege.
Many have predicted that 2012 will be a year of slower economy and increased natural disasters. I was also told that the new year would be disastrous for those born under my Chinese zodiac sign. If it’s true, that 2012 will be a struggle as suggested, I hope it’ll still be as fun as the Ammah Hills challenge. Bring it on!
In Brazil, free education is offered by the Ministry of Education. The Ministry offers scholarships for graduate degrees, masters, doctoral and post-doctoral for Brazilians and immigrants who have Brazilian citizenship. The best universities and research centers are public institutions, financed by either the local state or the federal government.
Nobody can pick up a new game and instantly familiarize themselves with all its nuances and details. There are heaps of acronyms and slang particular to each game, and it’s absurd to expect people to know these things without a little help from other players. Someone once explained to you what was going on, now you can do the same, rather than simply telling them they’re “noobs” and leaving it at that.
we figured there may be questions regarding our trip and our sudden interest in the SoCal area.
Behind him, the winds barked, mewed, moaned.
The press kit reads that J-Lo "channels the timeless allure of Old Hollywood in a contemporary interpretation of classic, sexy glamour..." and that works for me -- plus you can't beat the price point. Launching this month, the line will feature signature J-Lo looks from wide leg pants, shearling and faux fur to winter shorts and a Jennifer Lopez Home Collection. You can see more of the collection at the Kohl's website.
original acrylic painting on canvas by Chelsea Rose
My photo doesn't show much of the curly stalk, and the pictures I found online are of plants that grow tall and straight, not like the more recumbent ones we seem to have around here, which get very complicated twining around themselves. The trunk-stem gets longer and longer and the leaves grow mostly at the end of it.
They deserve to die.
So here is my little plan...I just signed up with Edmondo and I am trying to learn quickly about it. So far I have set up a class for Room 331 and next week I will be inviting my students to join. (It is kind of like Facebook for kids.) With that in mind I think they will get a kick out of it. I can add fun assignments, challenges, book suggestions and learning sites for them to visit while keeping in touch too!
First applied to languages a decade ago by Russel Gray at the University of Auckland, phylogenetics has "revolutionised" the study of language, even if it remains controversial, Lee said in an interview.
About nine months ago I wrote a post about a Japanese folklore character called a “Kappa” which is meant to scare children from playing to close to bodies of water where they may drown.
Wait, you mean it’s legal somewhere for a woman to do away with an unwanted child? I have 12 unwanted children. They’ve put me in an early grave. Can you abort a full grown child? What about a husband?
As if to illustrate this point, two of the very first outbreaks of ME happened in 1937 and 1939 both in the Swiss Army, affecting 130 and 73 soldiers/officers respectively.
Do you pin? I absolutely L-O-V-E Pinterest! There are SO MANY creative people out there, with so many great ideas! I have actually done some of my pins and I thought I would share them with you. I am a stay at home mom and a military wife so we move around alot. We have been in VA for almost a year now and my 4 year old is still having problems adjusting to this place. He LOVED his school in TX and refuses to go to preschool here . SO we have been talking about how he WILL HAVE to go to kindergarten next year . He is ok with that so far...... so in the mean time I have to keep him busy. Here is what we have done -
The Chinese have promised to protect the sightless lawyer’s rights, just as they have done for Liu Xiaobo and the Dali Lama.
Goal # 2.
to this question, according to Mead, is that what sets humans apart from the
G.A Aiken or Shelly Laurenston, for anyone who has read this blog this is no shocker! She is my favorite and if you haven’t read any of her books and you love books you are missing out!
I gathered the boxes, about 10 of them, in various sizes, and placed them into three shopping bags and laid them in the hall and closed the door.
“I feel like people were constantly giving my brother messages around computers and that world of possibility. For me, that message was about how I could save the world.”
The historical trend in games has shown that when a new genre of game is invented, it follows a trajectory where increasing complexity is added to it, until eventually the games on the market are so complex and advanced that newcomers can’t get into them – the barrier of entry is too high. You could call this the jargon factor because it is common to all formal systems. Priesthoods develop, terms enter common usage, and soon only the educated few can hack it.
You’ve been there before.
Based on core accretion, particularly in the outer solar system, you start with these planetary "seeds" that suck in gas and make gas giant planets...at some point, though, you run out of gas to accrete. Add to that the slow orbital speed and huge distances between objects out at 40 AU, and you'll find that seeds at Pluto's distance never merged together enough to get in on the big gas feast.
Beaty stated that he found Andrew Putnam to be intelligent, savvy, articulate, pragmatic, and well versed in the necessary community issues important to Barnstable County government and related to Cape Cod as a region. It is Ron Beaty’s firm belief that if Mr. Putnam is elected to the county assembly from Falmouth, then he will help to implement a sound regional public policy which will strongly incorporate fiscal responsibility and ethical accountability for the voters and taxpayers of Falmouth in particular, and the people of Cape Cod in general.
Add in the remaining sugar 1 cup at a time until the desired consistancy, and beat on medium speed for a few minutes.
Tea Filter, Tea Strainer, easy to use, easy to clean. Unique and modern design for tea drinkers. No more rust left like traditional metal tea strainers. Compact size and easy to use.
Niall Quinn on the TV was unashamedly biased pro-City especially reflecting what we all (United supporters excepted) think about the megolomanic in charge at Old Trafford.
Wurmcoil Engine
Create a project using only pattern paper. You may include embellishments, but no cardstock is allowed.
Sharing two of the rougher stories about coming up, falling down and rising again are two of New York's sharper up and comers...
Brian True-May and Konstantin Romadanovsky by failing to embrace enforced multiculturalism with the fervour of a teen-aged girl screaming at a boy band, were both guilty of one of the ultimate sins of the modern world.
Queens Day is the celebration of the Netherlands Queen’s birthday. However, it’s not the current Queen’s birthday because her birthday is sometime during winter and who wants to celebrate outside during the winter? So the Dutch will keep it April 30th. I wonder, will this ever change?
Well this movie appeared on my top list of 2011 so I’m sure most people know where I stand on this movie. Now this would be a hard recommend to people when you tell them it’s a comedy/drama about a man who’s just been diagnosed with cancer. So I want to address this to the people I didn’t convince with my top list of last year. You are honestly doing yourself a favour, grabbing this movie and giving it a watch. It’s a simple movie that actually gets in touch with the real emotions we all feel when faced with adversity and tragedy. I can tell you that the dark times I’ve had in my life have been tinged with both laughs and sadness and this makes this movie seem more true to life. If you are on the fence about this movie, please go and see it as it’s just a movie that really manages to reflect the world we all live in.
What some are calling “Transformers in the water,” doesn’t look far off from the statement. This is another franchise from Hasbro, the company who in fact does produce the Transformers films, but based on the hit board game we all know and love. However, the people who made this film probably said to themselves, how can we make this into a movie? The answer: add robot aliens from outer space planning to destroy the world. Makes perfect sense right? This gigantic action flick starring Taylor Kitsch, Liam Neeson and Rihanna in her first movie role, will probably do decently well at the box office, just don’t expect any awards for great storytelling here. Do expect lots of good looking people and big big explosions.
“Well…” I said slowly “I shot mine and he didn’t even see it coming.” I wanted to laugh but kept it to a smirk because he froze. But then his face did a sort of spasm which made me giggle, so I just let myself laugh a little.
The film was co-directed by Python members Terry Gilliam and Terry Jones.
Don’t you just love being a woman? You get to have these wild, crazy, and off the chart emotions that drive everyone including yourself crazy. But seriously, isn’t it great? Yes, it sucks when it’s more on the downer part of the chart and you find yourself crying hysterically at some sappy Dove or Johnsons baby commercial. You know you’ve done it. The one that get’s me all the time is the baby talking to his mom saying how great of a job she’s doing. If only they could really tell us that, and we could really believe them. Why shouldn’t we believe them, if they could tell us how awesome we are? Because we know just the right things to tell ourselves to bring us down again, and beat ourselves up without anyone’s help.
That evening, Brit's grandparents joined us at our house for dinner.
Anna and T.J. are en route to join T.J.’s family in the Maldives when the pilot of their seaplane suffers a fatal heart attack and crash-lands in the Indian Ocean. Adrift in shark-infested waters, their life jackets keep them afloat until they make it to the shore of an uninhabited island. Now Anna and T.J. just want to survive and they must work together to obtain water, food, fire, and shelter. Their basic needs might be met but as the days turn to weeks, and then months, the castaways encounter plenty of other obstacles, including violent tropical storms, the many dangers lurking in the sea, and the possibility that T.J.’s cancer could return. As T.J. celebrates yet another birthday on the island, Anna begins to wonder if the biggest challenge of all might be living with a boy who is gradually becoming a man.
And they come again to Jerusalem: and as he was walking in the temple, there come to him the chief priests, and the scribes, and the elders, And say unto him, By what authority doest thou these things? and who gave thee this authority to do these things? And Jesus answered and said unto them, I will also ask of you one question, and answer me, and I will tell you by what authority I do these things. The baptism of John, was it from heaven, or of men? answer me. And they reasoned with themselves, saying, If we shall say, From heaven; he will say, Why then did ye not believe him? But if we shall say, Of men; they feared the people: for all men counted John, that he was a prophet indeed. And they answered and said unto Jesus, We cannot tell. And Jesus answering saith unto them, Neither do I tell you by what authority I do these things.
I chose not to go Mushy or Gushy.
Butterfly metal embellishment and flowers are from Wild Orchid Crafts.
Abby shook her head. "This makes no sense, Dad." She played with her napkin, watching him like a hawk. Sam could tell that even though her sister was doubtful, she wanted to believe this fantastic story as much as Sam did.
The cost to the Jewish military was low. It was a buyer's market with war surplus material cached in about twenty countries. Until Rothschild interceded, the only buyers not allowed into the market were Zionists. Czech rifles, machine-guns and ammunition were bought and smuggled into Palestine in March by merchant ships despite a naval blockade.
Yeah…that table.
Furious definitely wasn't as complex as Bender, but was just a great example of a standard American IPA. Big bitter and big American Hop flavor balanced out by a nice caramel backbone. Nothing tricky, just done well.
was written and rehearsed in a couple of months, and took
The dawn of a new day,
HEADER QUOTE SPOKEN BY: Kirk
3) Pay attention to what is working. When someone complains about service, you probably try to identify the staff involved. If someone praises the service they have received, it is important to recognize that staff person. Focus on what people and the institution are doing right in regard to the issue you are seeking to improve.
Tomlinson quotes a further article by Duncan Hallas in relation to the Meriden Co-op, in SW on 10th August 1974.
one issue that it is not relevant to is whether coin seigniorage itself causes inflation. It just doesn’t.
04. Preservation - The Kinks (1973/1974)
A person who won’t receive from a friend the things required to sharpen themselves is no friend at all but rather is an emotional leach looking to drain the life out of anyone who would dare be their friend.
There is also a deep connection within film that you won’t find in any other art form. Something about movies get to me, the greatest films are magical. ‘Terminator 2: Judgement Day’, ‘Aliens’, ‘Bad Boys’, ‘Training Day’, ‘From Dusk Til Dawn’…there is something about great movies that make me go “Whoa”, make want to be apart of the magic.
Australia: Criticism of homosexual marriage renders you judicially incompetent?
Regarding Henry
Here are some facts about Omega-3 that are of particular interest in the context of those articles:
On a dying planet, in a society that is decline, a young courtier is embarrassed during a masque. As a result, he travels the depths of the planet, facing darkness, death and discovery. In the House of the Worm is a great short story with elements of characteristic of Science Fiction.
if I go up a city and down a card
Gillian is revisiting the first draft of The Dodo Society (the bird not the baby pacifier), reworking scenes and expanding ideas and themes. She's also filling in passport forms.
between Newman and Pusey as chief leaders.
Beauty and the Beast has come and gone. It's really bittersweet, on one hand I am happy to not be so busy but on the other hand I already miss it. This was the first year that I wasn't able to be in the audience. I was backstage for all four shows. I have to say that seeing it just off stage is so different. I really missed being able to see it from the audience.
Thanks for reading! ^-^
Paul rejoiced that the Thessalonians, on hearing His word, received it not as the word of men, but as it is in truth, the word of God, which effectively works also in you who believe. It performed such a work as not only to “turn them from their idols to serve the living God” but also “to wait for His son from heaven … who delivered us from the wrath to come!”(1 Thess. 1:9-10).
And I cringe as I stand there and wait.
Resident Affronted Archives: Resident Evil
1:50 p.m. — Placing chiller to boil kettle to sterilize.
Troubadour Magma 9.0%
echoing down the avenue, arriving
And in one instant I simultaneously came, broke into tears, and cried out his name which I’ve never even done during sex I don’t believe. I cried out his name, big tears streaming from my checks and sobbed his name over and over. I was overwhelmed with emotion.
She was yelling into the phone by this time. Of course all the effort made to avoid disturbing Sue came to naught as she was awakened by my efforts to calm “Barbara” on the other end of what had become a rather unsettling phone call.
The SNP strengthened their grip on Stirling and East Ayrshire, and overtook Labour to become the largest party in North Ayrshire.
Every single child deserves a fair, equal education in this country. You, as the School District of Palm Beach County, will no longer deny my child, or any other child like Jacob, an education. My son may never be on the Honor Roll and that is 100% ok with me, but he does have the right and deserves a fair, equal education, and a chance to attend a college down the road. Jacob deserves an education that can lead him to one day be the POTUS, a lawyer, or whatever his passion may be.
As mentioned in this previous post, my recently aquired assortment of SLOM jars from IKEA were awaiting some DIY craftiness and magic decals seemed like the perfect partner.
So using the wire already attached to each crystal I strung them together and hooked them onto the lamp shade...
Mid-way through the tastings, Kro supplied us with a delicious lamb-stew which went down very well on a cold and rainy night in Manchester!
Beth: http://positivelypassionateabout.blogspot.com/ (Beth layouts are to-die-for and what I love most about them is how well she uses embellishments and die cuts!)
I had the opportunity of interviewing him about his thoughts of advertising and since he has vast experience in dealing with diverse demographics, about the differences between the Hispanic/American, Latin American, and American markets.
Row 4- (1sc in 2sc, 2sc in next) (24)
Best-Seller Is Independently Published through Print-on-Demand Web Site,Lulu.com
Just when I think the week is unbearable. When I am certain that I can't stand one more moment of ridiculousness....something happens that makes everything instantly happy and shiny. Here's a small list....what's on yours?
But never fear. Burl's more-than-worthy successor, the jovial Jewish singer (and Burl Ives doppelgänger) Theodore Bikel, has joined us. He has just stepped out of Taïm in the West Village, having just polished of a massive plate of falafel for lunch. I see him brushing the falafel crumbs from his beard, and a song is springing to his lips....
and fly
It doesn’t sound like a very easy challenge. But I’m really looking forward to watching the show.
Why am I explaining myself?
There is, inevitably, a panel on "breaking into comics", during which Will Simpson (left with Adam Law) does an impersonation of Dave Gibbons that starts off as a recognisable caricature and degenerates into a peculiar cockney barking noise, and Glenn Fabry shares a rather revolting story of the unpleasant habits of a former editor. The Sunnyside Comics podcast panel on digital comics and creative ownership gets a bit rowdy and decides piracy is rude but probably inevitable. All the panellists, especially Rufus Dayglo, genuflect before guest of honour Mick McMahon, a modest and unassuming bloke whose choppy lines and memorable character designs just happen to define the childhood reading experiences of all of us over a certain age.
So imagine my surprise last week, when I noticed activity and then a new awning and signage. Now advertising BURGERS in large capital letters. Other signs intrigued. Halal offerings seemed to paper the entrance as well as effusive "YES, WE'RE OPEN" signs. It seemed they were trying to reach out.
I have always loved cardboard and the endless possibilities it has for craft projects .
I immediately fell in love with Don and his destiny dog.
I slept well that night.
“Chinga a tu madre. That stupid shit can’t do anything right.” Piper cussed, not sure whom he was really referring to, Roland or C-Wreck? Both, he decided, and vented a deep and prolonged sigh.
It would use a similar technology as NFC, as there would be wireless transfer of data between the outlet and an authentication system, which may, or may not be asking for money to plug in.
Catch you on the Flip
Of course, the mainstream media were collectively crying “foul” against former president Bush in 2006 but are dead silent in 2012 while their political iconic hero walks the same dark path. It was diabolical then and is diabolical now. But, as is sadly common for mankind, hypocrisy reigns supreme when partisan politics capture the moment. People get so caught up in Left/Right, Democrat/Republican, he did/she did thinking, that they often fail to realize that they are the very ones it is being done to.
Fairly typically, today I carried an over-sized leather shoulder bag. I believe people who decide these things call the style a hobo. For whatever reason, I can only carry bags on my right shoulder. No idea why. But I do think it’s bad for me to be so inflexible. No pun intended.
And I'm going to fit into it by fall.
Albert Conde, 62, Englishtown, N.J.
* the legal implications of international exhaustion under Article 6;
rocks still strew the way
I'm the Mom who carries all those things for my kids, because I know how easy it is for me -- at 47yo -- forget where I've put my stuff. Because I will never say to my child "sorry, you lost it, now it's gone and I won't replace it." Because it's no big deal for me to take from my child what he asks me to hold, and put it in my bag so it won't get wet, or stolen, or stepped on, or broken.
But you take notes. And you listen. Mostly in shocked silence, but you listen.
Again I have available templates for these two cards. And they are $3.50.
After a short walk through Hendon Park, past the Millennium Wood, we reached the corner of Brent Street and the North Circular Road. A block of flats stands on the former site of the Brent Bridge Hotel, and these gazebos are all that remain.
Nesselrode Pudding
…is a bit of a goofball like mommy.
What I have figured out -
Preparation: 5-10 mins prep + 30-40 mins cooking for aubergine
These cupcakes were topped with some fantasy-type flowers, which I'll refer to as 'camellias' because who would gainsay me? Who?
If you feel like you're pulling teeth to get anything written, but you know you need to keep on and that it's not time for a break yet, grab something yummy to munch on or to drink and conquer that sucker. You can do it!
As for the media and your beef about Bachman, there are many examples of this door swinging the other way.
Another defining characteristic of the Y Generation is our penchant for asking 'why'? Why do I need to get married right now? Why do I need to have kids right now? Why do I need to find a career right now? Why do I need to make my bed? Why do I need to take out the garbage? These small, inconsequential questions are simply a proxy for the greater existential issues that we're facing as a generation to figure out what we want and what we're all about. We spend our time fighting for causes, or endlessly going to college, or endlessly pursuing sex in an attempt to find out where our passions lie. But, while we wait for the 'BAM' moment, when all of the sudden our lives make sense to us, we're slowly letting more and more sand slip out of the hourglass. Don't get me wrong, I'm not saying we're wasting our lives, I'm just saying that our lives have a different structure and focus than those of the generations before us*.
or not like it,
Madrid will forever and always be so much more to me than another city in Europe.
“The legend is that my great grandfather (real name Jose Paguio) came to the U.S. from the Philippines in about 1915 with dreams of becoming a concert pianist. He settled in Jersey City and did manage to find work as a musician,” says Tully. “One day my grandmother came home from school crying about how the kids at school were teasing her and making racist remarks. And Jose’s response was to form a vaudeville act.”
To that end, Mass is offered ad orientem at St. Mary.
Please remember to check back later to see if you are one of our April challenge winners.
You were younger than I,
- The letter ñ (n with a tilda/squiggle on top, said ¨enyay¨ in the alphabet), sounds like ¨ny¨when it´s in a word. Therefore Puno (a city in Peru) is pronounced ¨pu-no¨, but puño (a fist) is pronounced ¨poon-yo¨ (which is why baño is pronounced ¨banyo¨ rather than ¨ba-no¨).
So here’s a sample voter’s request for MPs and candidates: at the very least, put down clearly where you stand on the following core issues:
Aasif plays Samir, a sous chef whose plans change when his father falls ill, and he does a lovely job of it without being too sentimental.
I just want to say the I did try to use 2 different types of sheet music, stamped and embossed, for the aperture of this card. The scale of what I had in my supplies was off to my eye, so I went with this script paper instead. Maybe it doesn't make as much sense, but I do like how it looks. And...the sentiment might be too far off to the right, but I just love it tucked in the curve of the violin. lol Why do I feel the need to make excuses for my card?? lol I'm happy with it despite my own criticisms.
Try to avoid raising the ISO and to find an acceptable solution regulating the aperture and the shutter time, if it's not possible cause of a poor lighting requiring too long shutter times, then raise the sensitivity of the bare essential to obtain fast shutter times and not to wide apertures.
The economic meltdown that happened 15 months later was in what part of the economy?
There’s joy not far from here, right
-Pinch of basil
Sept 14 – Crocodile Rock Café – Allentown, PA (W/Valencia)
We must be on guard against false prophets, pretenders and campaigners with personal agendas.
Mr. Atallah: "You can't buy it if you don't take a bag."
6. From clinging to ordained ministry to developing team leadership
Friday-we checked into our suite at the Hilton Garden Inn. Thankfully they had a nice workout center, so I managed to get in a 20 minute circuit lift and a 20 minute incline walk on the treadmill before the rehearsal
We are dropping soft, secret love bombs when no one is looking
1. You will need to be able to link your project here, using a direct link URL.
08. King Of Jokers
The initiatives link up like a jigsaw, and invariably point the way to the next set of priorities or SmartIT initiatives. This approach allows several advantages. Firstly, it is relevant to different sizes and complexity of IT, not only to large and complex IT shops. It enables a modular initial business case, keeping cost and “time to results” short. At conclusion, the CIO judges the value gained, turns attention to consolidating the gains and to “re-invest” into the next set of priorities or SmartIT initiatives.
11:00am
In fact, there are thousands of men who come out of the closet every year and subsequently live happy, satisfied lives and you need to realize that. Since you are now aware that you have an attraction to men, I would say to set some basic goals as you re-enter the world following your divorce. You don’t need to rush into dating, but if you want to think about it, do go ahead. Look up websites to chat with other newly out men. Talk others about their journey of discovery. Find nice hangouts that are gay-friendly where you don’t need to hide who you are.
Even if I remain unsure of the turning of the year there are signs that cannot be ignored. In the morning, flowers no longer turn their dawn faces to the sun, they have produced seed, made hay while the sun shone, and shut down for the year. Some flowers bloom in the autumn, but the fragile flowers do not last. Wind blown they become broken within a week. Currawongs have returned, with their bouncing flight and wind up toy voices. The grass on the back lawn, a poor choice to be sure, grows green again and the tropical grass on the front lawn, a better choice by far, yellows in the failing light. Fruit glows on the branches of some trees, hidden by fences by day , found by bats at night. One makes a mistake and lands on a live wire, and hangs like a fruit itself. Air dried. Fruit bat indeed.
562000 Waste management & remediation services
I really hate this sort of sloppy journalism. Its the BBC at its worst and I've noticed of late that Radio4's finest are also slipping journalistically.
But when it comes to matters of our faith, so often our religious education, if we got any at all, stops at about a sixth grade level. We know what our parents taught us, if they taught us. We know what our friends practice.
(Data source: CEIC, Finance Ministry, BBS, Bangladesh Bank, IMF, and my own calculations which can be wrong).
is what your auntie calls you
I remember us piling into my car and just driving. Driving and listening to music. Not talking. Not singing. Just us. We ended up at a park, the only one in my small town and we bought some ice cream and sat on a park bench.
Also, there is the lovely St. John of God, who was so lost for so long in his life, only to wake up to the grace and power of God. He was in a mental institution at the time.
It's the beer, you see.
and whispers of a longing I was given
Biting her tongue: Songstress Michelle Branch found it hard to keep her feelings quiet
March is looking busy, y'all!
In the amicus application, Johnstone argues that the South African legal system is corrupt and inefficient, by using examples that Johnstone collected from the South African press. These include articles on a military judge who claimed that witchcraft made her attempt suicide, the covering up of crime statistics by former Western Cape police commissioner Mzwandile Petros, and a report from the Law Society Of South Africa which stated that a study of law students from the University of Cape Town found that 70% could not complete simple research tasks or use a computer.
I’ve had a chance to play around with these chipboard alphabets and all I can say is that they are great because of the fact that they are a clean slate from which to play. You can make them any colour, use products such as ink, embossing powder, glitter, UTEE, paint, or cover them with patterned paper.
I explained my role on the Tea Party Express team. Obviously hostile, the big young black man subtly confronted me, “What are you people doing?” Clearly, he was a victim of the liberal media spin which says we are racist against a black president.
Daughter:” Well, they’re dorks!”
What else would we humans be for, if it were not for the relationships we have? (Hopefully not with materials)
Okay, it's not going to be so secret after this post, obviously. That's more or less the point; expose the %$&*er and hope it goes away.
Whoever wins this sorry spectacle of a TV show, you can be sure of one thing. They won't have played many live shows. A handful at most. Ten years ago I read that the average UK chart topping band will have played about 100 shows before they hit the charts, whereas in the US the equivalent act will have played closer to ten times that number. It shows. Boy how it shows.
Once I had decided, what looked best, I glue-gunned three rows of three oyster shells inside the box.
The pleasure of a simple life with great internal rewards and a transcendental life experience.
We drove her into the ground. She was going on 14, had not only a hole in the front grill, but also one in the floor of the driver’s side . I have rheumatism in my left leg from those winter drives across Dundas St. heading out to Raven’s at the Tower’s Plaza at Dixie and Dundas, Crown 33 on the Lakeshore in New Toronto and any other bar with a dance-floor that would have me!)
The absence of Carlos Tevez's name on scoresheet will concern those observers whose tactical analysis extends no further than insisting that City only win when the busy Argentinian gets a goal, while the failure of Mario Balotelli to do anything that could be slowed down and endlessly replayed as evidence of his suspect temperament offers further proof that he is yet to justify his enormous price-tag.
This is where our coats live, out of season and out of date. There was plenty that could go: I stuffed my old black winter coat into a sack--it still fits, but I haven't worn it in years and probably never will again. I grabbed an old red zip-up jacket that never quite fit and so I never quite wear.
Do you care?
While those personas often overlap, it is easy for readers to feel distant from those actually typing the stories they see in the paper, even though they live in the same city. (This is why when you see your weatherman in Starbucks, you tell the story for weeks!)
Central Washington University was hosting Western Oregon University in 2008 in the last game of the season. The winner would earn a spot in the NCAA Tournament in Division II woman’s softball.
5 cloves of garlic cut in half
And on the news magazine front, I can now comfortably pick up a copy of the Sun or Enquirer at the grocery checkout with full confidence that it is not much different than a well-respected news magazine like Time or Newsweek.
Lt. General Frederick McCorkle, USMC (Ret.)
And we played and laughed and read,
Me, myself and I only have a couple of resolutions this year. Here they be in no order what so ever.
and we’re going to jump off the edge
According to The Geej, "A goth wears all black and is kind of spooky and has black make-up and wears spiky jewelry and can break branches and not even feel anything." She knows this because one of her friends from after-care told her what goths are.
In the last couple of months when my life was upside down, at a time when she was terribly ill, she just amazed me with her attitude to life. She encouraged me to follow my dreams and, when it all gets a bit much, she is there in my head as a gentle nudge not to be so pathetic and to just get out there and live.
They are not a big house, or a job that provides money but not joy; they are not their cars or their children or their children's achievements.
The defining event in Hugh’s career occurred in 1995, when he paid a hooker to oblige him orally in the front seat of his BMW. The police caught him in the act and took a famous mug shot, which quickly went round the world. A lesser man would have sulked in the shadows until the story had blown over (so to speak), bitterly brooding on his humiliating fall from grace. What Hugh did was appear in chat shows so he could cheerfully admit to being an ass and grin at the jokes made at his expense. This artful piece of PR ensured he continued to get leading roles in romantic comedies, playing the foppish buffoon we have grown to know and love.
I made this cute cake for my son's preschool holiday party. I am honestly so proud of it, it took about 6 hours total and turned out just as I had imagined it. The top tier of the cake was chocolate, bottom was vanilla. I made the little snowmen out of modeling chocolate, which is a dream to work with. The snowflakes were cut out of fondant and dusted with luster dust (also completely awesome).
Right now there is a huge argument about whether man has a significant impact of climate change, of course those who argue “no” have been winning that argument as a result of massive widespread fraud among the pro-alarmist position on global warming; so much so that more and more scientists have/are reversing positions or have admitted that much of the science was just wrong, not documented properly, tampered with or just plain manufactured.
All 8 songs on the original album are great. There’s everything from creepy slow ones like “Keep Goin,” mid tempo groovers like “Toxic Shadows” and faster ones like their theme song “Lucifer’s Friend. The latest edition of the CD comes with 5 bonus tracks that vary quite a bit. “Horla” is from 1970 and fits in perfectly with the album. However, there are some songs from 1973 that are pretty lame pop-rock junk like “Our World Is A Rock N Roll Band” with horrible synths and David Cassidy style vocals. Just goes to show what happens when the record company demands a hit!
Monster Face Off: Zombies vs. Werewolves vs. Vampires (guest post) -
Melting the solids. Above you see the solid oils melting over a low burner. As soon as almost all of the oil has been melted, I remove the pan from the burner and let the heat of the oils melt the remaining solid.
Dragonstar would like to move to eastern Tennessee. There are Good Reasons why we don't, but they will be Good Reasons only for a few more years. After that...
I’ll write it down.
Would you like to see the contents of those first packages? Of course you do! You've read this far, after all!
The first thing that lands on your table after you have been seated is a pile of bread sticks stacked like you could play a game of Mikado with them. A better usage would be to break them into bite-sized pieces before dipping them in the accompanying salsa verde. These thin, salty, oily sticks are irresistable, literally, and you might think Fred is being overly critical every time he remarks that the salsa needs more salt. Sometimes a rather dry, chewy-crusted, unexceptional roll will be delivered alongside but on other occasions you will need to actually ask if you need bread to pair with your salumi. If only they could be bothered to warm the bread to freshen it, the gesture might have some reason.
SS: A lot of writers say their perspective on writing totally changes once they direct a movie. Now that you’ve directed a film, are you joining the chorus? How did your perspective change, if at all? What did you learn?
1 envelope (1 ounce) dried onion soup mix
These photos are of four metal gazebo decorations, all with the same face shape. The photos were taken on the same day very close in time. The first was illuminated by direct sunlight. The second, from an angle. The third, from the side. The fourth had no direct lighting at all. I find it interesting that each face seems to have a slightly different expression and eyes seem to look in different directions depending on how the faces are lit. I would not have noticed this had I not taken these pictures. All this from only a change in the direction of light.
Okaaaaay. The gal knows what she wants!
"Wildlife crime is a blatant attack against all of these benefits."
Store holders contributing their goods, parents helping to man stalls and a diverse variety of fun to take part in, be it the tombola, the pick a “water or wine” (bottle wrapped in newspaper so you didn’t know whether you were getting water or wine) sadly I got a bottle of water and not wine. I did win on the tombola and our daughter happily got some stickers from the lucky dip.
bridge regional divisions."
It’s not all that bad, in fact, in many ways it’s good. I don’t feel that hungry even though I haven’t been eating huge servings. This has made me realize just how much hunger has to do with taste cravings. No, I’m not hungry for more kitchari, but hungry for more chips and cottage cheese? You betcha.
The winner picked randomly from the entries is...
a shift
1. Stop "Looking"
Think about it! What have you got to lose!?
Other - Border punch (Martha Stewart), Cricut Art Philosophy, Spellbinders Small Ovals, Spellbinders Labels 10, 3D foam tape
Executive-$6499
Well, I don’t like it.
We youngsters are not foolish. It points to a generation that know the value of the quid in their pocket and love a bargain. All positive and healthy signs for the future economic prospects of the nation, and the prospects of delicious ice cold fizzy dirt cheap supermarket lager.
General Bheki “Rambo” Cele told parliament last Friday that roadblocks are to be manned by combined teams from up to ten Government Agencies including the SAP, SARS, Home Affairs and Nature Conservation. The programme is unofficially set to start in Gauteng early next month and nationwide from December 4th.
Solveig’s head is full of the myths she has grown up with, as well as the new Christian teaching that has recently reached Norway. She keeps returning to values embodied in each of them, as well as learning about Islam when she accompanies her father and Harald Sigurdsson to Sicily in the second of my Viking sagas, Scramasax. As in The King of the Middle March and Gatty’s Tale, I find myself drawn to crossing-places and their ferment: places between cultures, belief systems, between land and sea, between childhood and adulthood, innocence and experience, actuality and imagination.
...(including mine) amounts to ceding the choice of ballefields to whomever chooses these premises.
Fotouh also hits Mussa as an western tool because of his former tenure in the Mubarak government. Don't be surprised in the least if Fotouh wins.
It felt like yesterday that we sold at the crew racing event and we were packing up again tor the Avocado Festival located in Fallbrook, CA. We learned about the Avocado Festival from the promoter we worked with in Encinitas back in November. I know when I signed up April was going to be a crazy, hectic and busy month but the Avocado Festival was only one day and one day shows tend to be very cost effective since you do not have to worry about hotel expenses and other added expenses. Furthermore, I have heard wonderful things about Fallbrook and it is such a short distance away from Palm Springs.
Taken: 10/20/2011
6am rolled around and I was awoken by the dog, who was ready to go out. I had totally forgotten about the self tanner I had applied the night before. That is, until I returned inside and sat down with my 1st morning cup of coffee. I glanced down and was reminded of the test from the night before. Wow, look at that, rock on! I had an itty bitty little tan going! Woot!
I've got my opinions and twist on what you can never see, you’re a puddle of piss little man and I can see right through.
& to my sister in law who has the heart of a mom
“With the release of the ‘Snow White and the Huntsman’-inspired collection, HSN continues to reinvent and re-energize retail by allowing consumers the opportunity to experience the film and engage in a flight of fantasy in a personal way — via bold and imaginative HSN products customized for ‘her,’” HSN said in its a bit over-the-top press release. “Top HSN designers will bring the movie to life with a curated assortment of exclusive products reflecting the spirit of the film.”
Second, and most importantly, we set a dangerous precedent if we allow the 14 Democratic State Senators to continue to use their current tactics. What kind of democracy do we have if a minority is able to overturn the results of our elections simply by hopping into their cars and driving south?
WOOF..WOOF!
Vitamin C: 0% Iron: 3%
As others have noticed, a new "unique deli and catering experience" called F. Martinella is opening in a large space on Court Street, near State. The sign caught Lost City's attention because it stated that F. Martinella was a concern that had been established in 1949. Nearly 60 years in business! Something to be proud of.
If you are fair to light-skinned these eyeshadow colors should work for you. Remember to take your eye color into consideration. Depending on its color you may want to find neutral toned eyeshadows that have different underlying color tones to emphasize and bring out your eyes.
“In certain circles you are known as Gunny, right?”
So far, Maidei has lolled by the bright sandy beaches in Australia and popped around there for awhile before she headed off to New Zealand, Singapore, even a winery in Chile (a member runs a winery with her husband) and northward up into the whole eastern region of U.S. from Florida and then jogging abit to the Midwest before Canada. So far she has logged in at minimum, over 100,000 km., though no one is formally tracking her mileage.
Why are they after them? Can they be stopped? Will they all survive? You’ll have to watch it yourself.
As some of you may know, I’m a fan of the show Futurama, and I found the image above to be ideally suited for this particular topic. I’ve occasionally written before about the difference between syncretism and eclecticism, and I’ve often made the case that these two phenomena are different in important ways. “Eclectic” often gets hurled as an insult against people one doesn’t agree with, especially within reconstructionist communities. When syncretistic practices occur in oneself, one often says “Well, I’m a syncretist,” whereas when someone else does them, one often says “Well, you’re an eclectic.” I would have liked to have suggested, both in the past and when I gave this presentation, that perhaps the dictionary definition of “syncretism” given earlier might be more appropriate to eclecticism. I would have also liked to have suggested that there is a rhyme and a reason and a deliberate intent behind syncretism, whereas there is often not such deliberation or internal consistency where eclecticism is concerned. However, I’m now of the opinion that really, the two are not that different at all. Both syncretism and eclecticism can be done well, and both can be done poorly…which really means that this phenomenon is like anything else, and there really isn’t much of a difference between them other than a semantic one and a preference in one term over the other. (“Syncretistic” is a much less known term than “eclectic,” for good or ill.) We often don’t know the realities behind why someone we label as “eclectic” is doing what they’re doing; oftentimes, they might be inspired or directed by a deity to do something in such a way, and to those of a more “traditional” viewpoint, it may appear less-than-appealing for some reason or other…but that does not mean it is in any way “lesser,” especially if the person concerned is sincere in their devotions. So, I’m less inclined to be very concerned with policing the “rightful” boundaries of what is “syncretism” and “syncretic/syncretistic” and what is “eclecticism” and what is “eclectic” at this point.
Veronica Blade lives in Southern California with her husband and whichever of their kids — or someone else’s kid — decides to drop in. By day she runs the family business, but each night she slips away to spin her tales. She writes stories about young adults to relive her own childhood and to live vicariously through her characters. Except her heroes and heroines lead far more interesting lives
Travelling back here took forever. And freezing rain greeted my t-shirted self.
Some folks like them steamed, but I prefer them chilled on ice. After a bowl of conch chowder, these will hit the spot.
"Islamic Art. Part of who 'we' are today. Sheds light on our SHARED history. An anchor. A bridge.
We have a stall in market, since my dad passed away, the ownership is now changed to my name. I need to on leave for 4 times (4 half days), to settle the things. First time, was quite close to Raya holidays, the clerk on leave, no backup, while she was away, her job can be just on hold until she is back. So, nothing can be done.
Set on an island off the coast of New England in the summer of 1965, Moonrise Kingdom is a new drama directed by two-time Academy Award-nominated filmmaker Wes Anderson (The Royal Tenenbaums, Fantastic Mr. Fox, Rushmore) and written by Anderson and Roman Coppola (The Darjeeling Limited).
In the tale of Rumpelstiltskin, a mill owner boasts to the king of his daughter’s talent for spinning straw into gold. Presumably he utters this fib in a moment of reckless abandon, consumed with ambition and the desire to please. Why the king believes him is another question. Avarice and hubris rub shoulders thickly. So the mill owner’s daughter – beautiful, naturally, but quite lacking such talents, is set to work amid bales of straw. She must spin it into gold by morning, or perish at the king’s command. Men do not emerge well from this tale.
With the advent of the internet absolutely anyone can review your book and post their verdict for the world to see. Reviews of children’s books in the national press are hard to get - so little space – but the multitude of blogs and sites like Amazon and Waterstones mean that few books are likely to go completely unjudged. Yes, it’s scary. But any one review is only one person’s opinion, and that person may be a messenger girl, interested in her own byline and the resale value of your work of art. Anyway one bad review is likely to be balanced by a good one. Get over it. Toughen up.
So, will Najib have pity on the STAR? Or will he, like those guys in KDN (Umno Ministers), stand firm and try to show that they are as serious in “defending Islam” as much or more than their rivals, PAS?
Photo credit: Family Fun Magazine
(Repeat Chorus:)
I did my blog opera of Abigail (Abby) and Basil, a Cleanser and a Harvestor. One an agent of Heaven, the other an agent of Hell. The impossible love. It was a post by post challenge for me, exercises to improve my writing one chunk at a time. I made them up, allowing the characters more freedom with each post. The drama unfolded for me as it did for the readers. Seriously, I thought about the theme for a while but I pantsed this thing one letter at a time.
There is nothing I don't like about summer, other than the fact that it ends.
It's so expensive!
if life really is random and unfair; cruelty diving down out of chaos to flatten us, even when we are at our most guileless and sincere; then only compassion---singular, direct and human---can save us. it sounds soft, i picture it like a knife. cutting across everything to pry diamonds out of even the most stubborn rock.
When behind a securely
This is where the boy found them –
I’ve spent a lot of time over the past year talking to people about limiting beliefs and helping people realize that the beliefs we have really exist only in our own minds. I don’t know anyone else out there that’s telling me that I’m not lovable, I’m a loser, and it’s all my fault. Nope, it’s just me.
But is it the strong lines or the obelisk that is the star? And what about those between the boards of the fence.
“Philately: the study of stamps, postal history and other related items.”
Today is the monthly Preparedness Challenge and the give-away sponsored by USA Emergency Supply. I hope that you're prepping and putting something aside each month! Now is the time to prepare for those unexpected events.
I’ve learned that I really need that reading time to allow my mind to escape into another world without deadlines, and bills to pay! LOL When I don’t make the time to read for pleasure, I can feel my frustrations creeping up on me. My fuse gets shorter, and when I get home at night to write and/or edit I have a hard time focusing.
Happy Monday, friends!
And Johnny marveled at the tenderness of her voice. It suddenly seemed
These two students of mine wanted to shoot some of my classes – sort of a parallel project like the one they did some years ago with Uta Hagen and you see her teaching – it’s a DVD. I felt a little uneasy about this because I’m not Uta Hagen. Then unbeknownst to me, they started going out and doing interviews with Olympia Dukakis, Meryl Streep, Phil Hoffman and Ethan Hawke – people I know and worked with. I didn’t even know they were doing this – I’d sort of vaguely heard about it. And I thought, “Well, this is lovely.” And then they came out here last week and spent a whole day and shot a rehearsal of Detroit and had interviews with those actors. Then they came to a class I was teaching here in Chicago, and they shot that. So they’re putting this thing together. It all sort of evolved from me saying, “Sure, fine”, but I had no idea of the extent of what they were planning to do. I don’t ask that many questions about it. I like these two guys a lot – they’re both very good actors. They brought in a scene to my classroom from Dostoyevsky’s The Idiot, and it was brilliant. They should shoot that and get themselves some attention. I’d hold the camera.
roger daltrey with Frank Simes and Simon Townshend (guitars), Jon Button (basso), Scott Deavours (drums), Loren Gold (keyboards)
Level 8: MP Cost: 35, Duration: 240 seconds, Damage: +126%.
For the rosette with a decorative edge, punch one edge of each strip before pleating and make sure the decorative edges line up when attaching the two strips. Complete the rosette in the same manner as the first.
Back to the Comprehensive Annual Financial Report, where it shows on page 36:
Sam has a lovely blog and sells fabulous items in her Etsy shop, please take a look.
The winner will be picked by random number generator. Please fill out the form below :-)
B: "Sure, I think they count."
Over the rainbow, lie down in meadows.
Lawrence Davidson, 51, New York, N.Y.
“Dear Vickie, that was a great email that you wrote. blah blah blah…And I want you to know that although I don’t really share the same interests that you just mentioned, (?????), I am sure you are a wonderful person…..blah blah blah, but I think in the future, when you write emails like this, that you should really pay attention to the email address. I am Alejandro , but not the one you are trying to locate. blah blah blah…
I have said it before. I am a firm believer in affirmations. When you are trying to change something about yourself, it is important to feed yourself the positive information throughout the day. Replace the negative thought with a positive one. Place a positive affirmation by your bedside in the morning and let that be the first thing you read when you wake up. Carry another affirmation with you in your purse or wallet and read it during the day. Remind yourself that you are strong, remind yourself that you are good and that the possibilities for your life are endless.
The Stranger came and tricked the heart
Got a client who needs home security? Easy-to-install, night-vision home security video camera that requires no software installation. Plus it’s relatively cheap. Check out Dropcam.
have attempted to add
Shocked because I would have thought that they would actually separate. Their relationship had been rocky for a little while, but all relationships have valleys and mountains to overcome.
Dinner was served while the bride changed into yet another dress (she had 5 dresses that she changed into and none of them were your traditional Chinese dress).… she had two wedding gowns that were white and different styles, she had a silver, sparkly gown… 1930′s style… kind of gangster woman-ish, she had a deep, burgundy wine dress that was an empire waisted dress. All were very beautiful and her hairstyle changed with each one. Dinner consisted of about 12 dishes of food, 27 tables, with wine, beer, sprite, coke, orange juice, and white rice wine. We were the dry table… so only cola and juice for us. They passed out cigarettes, and had little boxes of candy for all of us.
"We’re still fully confident that Forest City is going to build this whole thing and, over time, deliver all the promised benefits," Adams said last September.
A Muslim cleric urged the crowds to push on in a sermon in Tahrir before protesters seat on the pavement in row after row across the sprawling plaza.
And why?
Raindrops Keep Fallin' On My Head - Cordrazine (B.J. Thomas W’69)
Its pretty obvious that Mendoza wanted attention but he could have had it without involving the Hong Kong tourists. I mean, he could have peddled his case to the media or have a newspaper print his piece. He could have contacted Mon Tulfo or XXX or Imbestigador to be on t.v. too. But really, hostage-taking? Wow.
Focus: Is the geopolitical knot in the Balkans being tied?
Most of the chosen do.
After CPT went off to work, I chatted with my mom for a while, then hopped in the shower. And then Kim and I went to the beauty school. We got pedicures and I got a fill for my nails. We'd thought about getting our grays covered, but decided that it wasn't quite that bad.
own circle, a circle closed on the outside; and, with all its elements
Years ago, I used to go out to a club where they had a karaoke stage with a bunch of my friends. One night, one of my friends and an ex-boyfriend of mine (who were trying to impress young ladies who were both named Michelle) came up to me and asked me for a suggestion of something they could sing for “the Michelles.” I suggested Michelle by the Beatles. It had their name in it, wasn’t hard to sing, and it is such a pretty song. It was a no brainer as far as I was concerned. But the boys rejected my suggestion and decided to do another song but substitute the name “Michelle” instead of singing the name of the woman in the song. They took the stage, dedicated the song to the Michelles (making sure to point them out so that everyone in the crowd knew who they were serenading) and then launched into their song. It did not go over well. They couldn’t understand why the girls didn’t love their big gesture but I think it might have had something to do with the lyrics which went a little something like this:
do easily in my own home! Somehow, when I am on
But that’s simply not true.
You have to season the gravy. I use only coarse salt-- never table salt. I add salt in 1/4 teaspoon increments. Add. Taste. Add a pinch more. Taste. Are you double dipping the spoon? Tsk, tsk. I always use a handful of spoons. See? It's safe to eat my food. Just ask my family what kind of germophobe I am. Ha! Pepper is optional. I like adding to my gravy. Leave it out, if you don't. So, there you have it, ladies and gentleman. Thick gravy, no lumps. Tastes good, too. I have two quarts of gravy and almost a quart of leftover turkey stock.
“There are about 3.5 million families who are doing the right thing by paying their bills, current on their mortgages, but because they’re underwater and have a private-label securities loan, they have been locked out of refinancing,” Donovan said. “We want to expand refinancing to those families.”
With a hammer – dumb!
Yeah, it might be if you were here standing beside me,
Is it wrong for me to be fascinated with this whole life changing process despite the fact that I am the damaged creature at the center of the experiment? My Dad would always tell me that I never did anything half way. If I was committed to something I either failed or succeeded in spectacular fashion. I was just so hoping to be spectacular today.
This red is so yummy! I'm not a red wearer myself but I crave one from time to time. This is the perfect blue-toned red crelly. It has the opacity of a creme with the amazing shine of a jelly. The sun pictures are all without top coat and look at that shine! I just love how this looks on me!
Cali has been so much fun despite all the havoc and messes she creates. She has definitely lit up our home with more laughs and cuteness. Donovan and Morgan even shine a little brighter when they are spending time with her and doing something with her. I am definitely thankful this little one keeps me busier than Dono and Morgan did. I just need to remember that when she is into something!
Preheat your oven to 350 degrees. Place your 26 cloves of peeled garlic in a small baking dish. Toss with 2 tablespoons olive oil and a sprinkle of salt and pepper and cover tightly with aluminum foil. Roast for 45 minutes.
Would become relics of an unnoticed tale
to know
vibration level than they do good. By watching TV you end up taking in so much
1 magnitude
Logistics Officers
(v) While the Rajasthan High Court is yet to hear the matter, I think it is safe to say that Hilton International has its job cut out in trying to win the appeal.
I was eating it all up, absorbing the French-ness of the experience. But after a few hours on the flat, hard seating risers my tired fesses began to ache. I squirmed a bit. Then I tried sitting on my hands to cushion my poor derrière, but of course that's not so practical when you've agreed to applaud enthusiastically on cue. Finally it was time for a break.
It is funny how you think you have something right, then when someone else reads it, they quickly pick up on things that are not right with it. But that is a good thing as someone else says.
Ford and Bergen are just a couple of the award recipients. Others include Mackenzie Phillips, Penny Marshall, Marlon Wayans and Valerie Bertinelli.
Author: “Radical Vegetarianism”, vegan and art historian
That’s it! Easy eh!
......And then loving yourself even more for it.
Huh... not too bad. A little squiggly but I'll just palm sand that all off, no big deal. I kinda liked how it looked hand done anyway, as if ol' Ned the Grocer banged out his own signs in the stock room right before he needed them.
Jason and I aren't really sure how we would have gotten through the past few months without Mom and Joe. They have been amazing and have blessed us beyond words. They stayed with Jordana and Cash while we were in the hospital and took such amazing care of Jordan during that time. She had a really hard time while we were in the hospital because she had never been away from us overnight before, and she was not a big fan of the separation. But Mom knew exactly how to handle Jordana and her anxiety, and she coached us all through that tough time. And lets not forget all of the fabulous meals that Mom prepared for us when we got home from the hospital. Actually Mom started cooking for us before we even had the baby because I was technically supposed to be on bed rest by the end of the pregnancy. But I don't think I cooked a meal for close to 3 weeks after Madi was born. What a blessing! Jason was able to take off 2 weeks for Madi's birth, so he was home for the whole week after bringing her home. But when he went back to work, Mom and Joe would be here bright and early (braving rush hour traffic to get here) to help me in those first few weeks. They have even been cleaning our house for us on Fridays. They are spoiling us beyond belief and I feel like the luckiest daughter-in-law alive! I really don't know what we'd do without them... well, I'd probably have to clean my house a little bit more, that's for sure. They mean so much to us all, and we are so thankful for this time together. We will definitely look back on this time in our lives with such fond memories and remember how they gave of themselves so selflessly. Thank you Mom and Joe for who you are and for being such amazing parents and friends. We love you beyond words!
Maybe Travolta will follow in the footsteps of his mentor L. Ron Hubbard and disappear into oblivion. Or maybe he will one day surface in one of “those” vans near your child’s playground.
with from them flying arabesques of aluminium
then freeze it again.
Pushing wheelbarrows containing the letters, the trio arrived at Parliament's visitor's centre -- the appointed place of delivery -- shortly after noon.
clandestine sorceress in jail-break colour.
"I was luckily on my own when I first visited this garden. I discovered the garden of Les Quatre Sources shrouded in the morning mist, my steps accompanied by the light-hearted rhythm of the overture of Don Giovanni, faultlessly whistled by the music-loving gardener. From the underwood covered with dew to the terraces soaked in the morning sun, along paved paths, and up hidden stairways, I had the feeling of I was discovering a new universe, where each planet sent out its own perfume, its own message or myth; wild mind, lavender, rushleaved broom, and dead leaves combined their fragrances. One should know the language of scents to understand this garden."
have a good one and God bless....
YOUR VERY STUPID
Issue #2 has gone through three printings.
Waving goodbye with an absent-minded smile
If you recognize any of the above symptoms in yourself or others, get help. You deserve it. Together we are strong. Perhaps it is time to start a blogging community dedicated to the plight of sleepbloggers. We admit we are powerless over our addiction to blogging and we turn ourselves over to our higher power.
“THE COMMON INTEREST BEFORE SELF-INTEREST.”
… Richt said in a one-and-one beforehand and during his talk that tailback is his biggest concern, and he was asked how to motivate often-in-trouble Washaun Ealey.
More of "team herd,"
The conversation starts to die down, then somebody asks the real question.
Thus I will focus on what we might call Enns’ “methodology”—and more specifically, the assumptions that undergird his approach, many of which simply reflect standard operating procedure in the biblical studies guild (and so are not unique to Enns). Indeed, in many ways, Enns might be sort of caught between the practices of the biblical studies guild and his own sincere desire to aid and equip the church to be faithful in the modern world. So any criticisms that follow are not criticisms of Enns’ intent, but more an attempt to open up a conversation about the limits of the paradigm in which he renders this service to the church.
You have to make your coffee concentrate.
Variety of Bakers Twine Colors
We can find peace in our heart only when we trust Him, and allow Him to work out His purpose in our lives.
Our ideas did get a good reception on the doorstep but unfortunately much like last year that isn’t translating into votes. That doesn’t mean to say we don’t have the support it just mans people are not yet rushing to the polling stations to affect change. They don’t believe in the system and well neither do we but we do at least offer an alternative to the cuts agenda of the main 3 parties.
Fridays... when most of us unwind and relax a bit. Me? I find myself drawn to Pinterest. Seems that I relax by perusing beautiful pins... either new pins or revisit some of my own pins that I've collected over the last year. Such eye candy! And a LOT of great ideas!
He is as innocent as every other executed man since at least 1950, which is to say, guilty as hell.
There is talk of taking the kidnapped Shorts to Buckingham Palace.
But wait...it gets better! Once you tire of being the Christian hero (and who doesn't, quite frankly,) you can change sides! Yes, you can become Satan, and lead the demons into war on the Christians!
the less we need.
Place pumpkin, potatoes, onion, curry powder and stock in a large slow cooker. Season with salt and pepper. Cook for several hours until vegetables are tender.
You see, my husband was in a major accident when he was 21. It was a drunk-driving accident, but he was not driving; he was sitting in the front passenger seat. His best friend was sitting behind him and died instantly on impact. The driver suffered a broken leg and the passenger behind the driver had some bumps and bruises. My husband was in a coma for 40 days; he had to re-learn how to talk, how to walk, how to feed himself, go to the bathroom…you get the picture. And as time went on, he developed a cerebellar tremor in his right arm.
The new Illamasqua Collection has been on counters for a few weeks now so I'm sure any lovers of the brand will have already seen it by now. If you haven't then you must :) It definitely has a few new exciting products i.e the Neutral Palette, Scribe Precision Ink and the new nail colours. Click here for a link to take a look.
Exit Through the Gift Shop
1. Create a story with a big universal theme to which everyone can relate.
If your child is saved, you are surely blessed! You have the joy of watching your children walk in the truth. Pray for those who don’t have that same joy. Pray for their children. Join them in prayer as one mother praying on behalf of another!
And the frosting is a bit tart, which you can vary by how much lemon and powdered sugar you choose. I like it a little tart which I think works well with the filling and cake.
“So why don’t you do it?”
Hugh Blackwood And Dr. Alimantado - Reggae Music
This is one of the questions I always get asked, and people often don't fully understand, so I'm going to try and explain my feelings on the meat industry and why I choose to be vegan.
This past week I only got out to the barn a couple of times and took him to the larger outdoor at the bottom of the hill. He went ballistic. Sprinting down the sides, sliding and hopping and bucking around the short side, then gathering speed into a full out fast-as-you-can-go sprint down the long side again. Throw in many bucks and kicks, grunts and squeals. I don't encourage him. I just stand in the middle of the arena and watch in awe, and cringe as the end of the arena gets closer and closer and he hasn't checked his speed yet. And as he hits a slick spot and slides around.
“If they get power, who loses power? We do. Do you want to lose power? No.”
Where I’ve been since last Wednesday:
Summer -that delightful period of the year where northeasterners come out of their cages and spend a little more time together. Summer makes our jobs feel easier, our lives a little less stressful, our parents tolerable, and our dicks erect and clits hard. I love summer. Most of the year in Connecticut is a dreary grey not unlike the seasonal fog of England. But it’s change that brings the smiles to our faces. In this regard June was the first month of change. I cut ties with my three year job and three year girlfriend to live in a part of the country sight unseen. I didn’t know what I was getting into but I’m happy i jumped.
Doris says she has been in the world’s oldest profession ever since she can remember. She comes from a long line of ladies of the night. “My mother was a prostitute, and her mother before her. Her mother was a cloistered nun so I’m not sure what happened there. There hasn’t been a proper male member of the family for generations.”
I have lots to share, but not a lot of time, so today I'm sharing
I haven't blogged since February 9th!!! My bad. Again.
She longed for shoots of hope; for signs of new life. And curiously the more she thought about all she longed for, the more she realised how much she already had. The structure of that beautiful garden was still there, nothing major had changed, with the right attention she could revive it.
Ejaz Wasay is Senior Fellow Marketing, Institute of Business Management.
"Before we go out for dinner I'm going to put you over my knee and paddle your bottom"
Thank you for visiting my blog. I thought I would explain a little more about why I have decided to blog about my journey. I think that starting up a business is by far one of the most challenging and courageous things anyone can ever do and to read about others experiences (good and bad) I thought would be really interesting to other would be or experienced entrepreneurs.
Sunny is a city girl
